
@_date: 2013-12-01 22:42:31
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: audiovisual (urls) 
MIT's Peter Shor explains why he devised an algorithm for a quantum
computer that could unravel our online data encryption
'Electromagnon' effect couples electricity and magnetism in materials
"It has been well known for a long time that electricity and magnetism
are two sides of the same coin. Waves in free space, such as visible
light or mobile phone radiation, always consist of both an electric
and a magnetic component. When it comes to material properties,
however, electricity and magnetism have been viewed as separate
To Settle Infinity Dispute, a New Law of Logic // not _really
note: enormous problems with this. mathematics as if short-fiction.
what if concept/cosmology is being influenced by language framework
(q: is truth bounded or infinite).  hierarchical nesting core of set theory,
numberline in this context, why assumed 1d/2d versus N-dimensional.
issues of bounded infinity everywhere (particle ladder, consciousness),
perhaps zero is issue (empty set?) -- metaphysics seem completely off,
being and nothingess as set relations not grounded in reality it seems.
(note: why three zeroes allowed to diagram infinity as a first question,
what if number line is hiearchical, zero different dimension than 1...N)
Your Next Phone Will Be The Ultimate Surveillance Machine // via digg
The internet mystery that has the world baffled // via digg
Soon, You Might Pay for Everything With a Coin // via digg
[correlation between money and desire. what happens when truth is
separated from exchange, kept outside or removed from it. what is the
guarantee: in  we trust?]
Watch The Idea, the First Animated Film to Deal with Big,
Philosophical Ideas (1932)
Australia's Using Pop Radio to Track Space Junk
[quote]  4 Great Tech Ideas That Flopped // via digg
"The plug-and-play gadget: A spinoff of the PalmPilot called The
Handspring Visor held much of the same attraction as the PhoneBloks.
It was a handheld organizer with a big cartridge slot on the back.
Into it you could snap a range of accessories: more storage, a
GPS receiver, a camera, a cellular transmitter, a remote control,
a Bluetooth module, an MP3 module or a voice recorder.
The Visors were on the market for about four years (1999 to 2003) and
have fans to this day. But clearly, the concept of interchangeable
gadget parts alone isn’t enough to start a revolution."
(note: the above article mentions something repeatedly endlessly about
PDA development, that it no longer exists, especially in the context
of the Handspring which preceded and was probably a trial for the
modularity of the iPhone and iPod Touch (a PDA or networked digital
assistant). the Handspring was certainly limited unlike the Apple
ecosystem approach which could expand exponentially and had wide
software integration, and thus the concept lives on in another product
line and its development yet is consistently not attributed this way.)
in-article url: Why Snap-Together Cell Phones Will Never Work
rel. [video] PhoneBLocks
tuning of active exhaust systems (kaaaars)
[video] Siberian Ice Drummers
Hüsker Dü - Hare Krsna
Hüsker Dü - Eight Miles High
Hüsker Dü - New Day Rising
--- ring as platform ---
emfs-cellphone/linear hall-effect sensor, gyro-mapping bt as datalogger
pole-mounted sensor+computer spatio-temp (freq) excavation/stratigraphy
2 axis or 3 axis, nfc/bt, archeo-GRID
SENSOR RINGS - ZigBee comms/authentication - potential
follow on box/device, monitor signal spacetime within map framework
TSCM monitoring of area (radiation, signals, frequencies, etc)
integrated in visual real-time data model
LED carpet turns the floor into a screen (with video)
(note: consider possibility of tempoary maze or labyrinth,
especially crypto or security applications, otherwise invisible)
[image]  ex. electromagnetic aesthetics as context
How Braille Was Invented
(invention, innovation, resistance, tragedy, victory)
Dead Kennedys - California Über Alles
Kitsch Palace : Das Model
This New Polymer Regenerates Large Parts of Itself, Like Lizards Do
Researchers discover roots of superfluorescent bursts from quantum wells
[quote] ...mysteries remained, especially in results obtained at low
or zero magnetic fields. Kono said the team didn't understand at the
time why the wavelength of the burst changed over its 100-picosecond
span. Now they do.  //...
Kono said superfluorescence is a well-known many-body, or cooperative,
phenomenon in atomic physics. Many-body theory gives physicists a way
to understand how large numbers of interacting particles like
molecules, atoms and electrons behave collectively. Superfluorescence
is one example of how atoms under tight controls collaborate when
triggered by an external source of energy. //...
"The quantum well, as before, consisted of stacked blocks of an indium
gallium arsenide compound separated by barriers of gallium arsenide.
"It's a unique, solid-state environment where many-body effects
completely dominate the dynamics of the system," Kono said.
"When a strong magnetic field is applied, electrons and holes are
fully quantized – that is, constrained in their range of motion—just
like electrons in atoms," he said. "So the essential physics in the
presence of a high magnetic field is quite similar to that in atomic
gases. But as we decrease and eventually eliminate the magnetic field,
we're entering a regime atomic physics cannot access, where continua
of electronic states, or bands, exist." [unquote]
{educational fair-use of copyright, 2013}
 ∎ ♕ ♞

@_date: 2013-12-07 00:11:43
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: infra-org (urls) 
'Spooky action' builds a wormhole between 'entangled' quantum particles
note: i must have it all wrong because would it not be possible to
modify the spin of an entangled pair and have it influence the remote
particle likewise. and thus, what need of wires or fiber to connect
events, if a hybrid remote and on-site quatum processing were to take
place. an ecological or ecosystem context of connectivity in & out of
various structures via different forms of entanglement. what if 1,000
circuit boards shared a split particle and were sent to remote areas,
yet one calculation effected the others and likewise, or perhaps 1,000
remotely-connected processing functions embedded in 100,000 onsite. in
other words what if the processor were not discrete nor connected by
means other than resonance or vibration (perhaps decibels indicates
this as an acoustic measurement for light even). of course i have no
idea what i am saying, though as list fool i must speak such nonsense.
[videos] Sun Reversal of its Magnetic Poles // via hh
SUN ABOUT TO FLIP MAGNETIC POLES  (description)
MASSIVE Solar Burst./Sun's Pole Reversal.  (esoteric)
note: gravity bringing you down more than normal? feeling strange
polarization in your day? perhaps it is the solar magnetic pole
reversal!  as with symptoms of daylight savings time on peoples
routines and schedules, perhaps solar events effect the magnetic
compass within the human body in some fundamental way. anecdote: once
had an MRI, tone-based buzzing with intense Tesla electromagnets that
map out the brain via spinning particles in brain for imaging, so a
particular tone will occur and this shifting of direction within
molecules or by particles themselves can be discerned, via
polarization.  cannot drink caffiene without now having similar
effect, as if a remote satellite locked onto noggin, the molecular
directionality discerned, like wearing an electromagnetic helmet with
invisible wires into the noosphere. perhaps it is only feeling the
wi-fi, though caffeine makes whatever that is apprehendable. now have
a particular method of decaf coffee intake with controlled
micro-caffeine dose as option for a controlled burn into slightly less
out-of-focus tunnel vision. thus when realizing total exhaustion
recently beyond normal levels, and feeling this drag on entire body as
if having walked 1,000 miles tired, it was wondered if that too could
be related to a magnetic reversal impacting nervous system subsystem,
some perhaps more sensitive to these effects. such as the electrically
sensitive who can tell when a new satellite is switched on in orbit,
or for those who tend to short-out streetlights when walking by.
electromagnetism for thought.
Dyslexia's roots traced to bad brain connections
[quote] The authors claim these findings add to the growing
recognition of dyslexia as a "disconnection syndrome".
"What we're learning from functional imaging is that it's not enough
to talk about brain areas; you're always dealing with a network, and
when you've got a network you've got patterns of connectivity," says
Scott. "So is there some way you could restructure that network that
might be beneficial?" [unquote]
proposed water tap turnoff @ NSA Utah Data Center // via drudgereport
Signalers vs. strong silent types: Sparrows exude personalities during fights
[quote] "There is a growing realization in the field that factoring in
personality variables will help solve many thorny problems in animal
behavior, such as do animals signal honestly," said Michael Beecher,
co-author and a UW professor of psychology and biology.
In other words, if a bird knew the personality of its opponent, it
would have a better understanding of when to expect an attack..."
Resident Visitor: Laurie Spiegel's Machine Music
The experimental pioneer's groundbreaking work with computers in the
70s and 80s helped lay the foundation for many of today's electronic
noise makers.
HUMAN BODY RESONANCE FREQUENCIES...  // via helenhall.net
(note the external link to 'Power Standards Lab' titling this as fun
stuff compared to shooting bullets into ballistic gelatin. another
dimension to electronic warfare not yet discussed, how celltowers and
other infrastructure can be used to deliver pain and agony via remote

@_date: 2013-12-07 01:55:24
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: infra-org (urls) 
References:  <1386401574.12541.YahooMailNeo
so would this not break the physics model already, of faster than light info,
such that the cosmos may operate on principles beyond those employed.
the comments on the article seemingly indicative of this same scenario,
as if a realm of political science, gerrymandering of physics seemingly.
if a spin could be remotely connected to another, as mentioned in the
article comments, and activated at a distance, could this not function
as a basic switch, perhaps making a relay or gate or some kind or the
ability to send/receive coded messages via morse code (as mentioned).
say, a sequence of spins encoding the alphabet or whatever, perhaps
controlled by a normal computer process yet transmitted/received via
this quantum connectivity (seemingly out of this world then back into it
via vibration, rather than a line of sight acoustic signal, if understanding)
i thought that was the idea underneath the potential for other, hidden
technology embedded in existing systems, that remote relationship
via quantum properties that operate in other dimensionality/structures,
if not beyond lightspeed properties or conceptions, and that it may not
be recognizable in the existing approach or computational paradigm.
such that fiber may not be necessary, the approach to key exchange
or processing may occur in other parameters or functional structures.

@_date: 2013-12-07 02:01:12
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: infra-org (urls) 
References:  <1386401574.12541.YahooMailNeo
i should have mentioned i think this is the model for basic consciousness,
as it relates to processing reality, logic, and pattern recognition. closely
related to ideas visually presented in the book:
Space-Time and Beyond: Toward an Explanation of the Unexplainable
authors: Fred Wolf, Jack Sarfatti, Bob Toben

@_date: 2013-12-07 02:13:13
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: infra-org (urls) 
References:  <1386401574.12541.YahooMailNeo
it also makes me wonder, given the insane speed vs. infinitesimal distance
if *information* could operate as a kind of cognitive pressure on the mind,
(as with predictive Random Event Generator (REG) vs RNG where patterns
organize/emerge out of quantum-noisefield) thus corollary perhaps to the
analogy of water pressure for electrical circuits and flow based on pneuma-
tic dynamics in a potentially bounded or closed system). that may enter
into questions of 'where information actually exists', perhaps stored outside
the brain in noosphere as patterns or forms (invisible constellation/structure)
that is referenced or linked to rather than contained within a brain, and thus
boundary of brain vs. mind. same: digital computer vs.quantum processor,
perhaps. thus issue of channeling or tuning into versus as origin of truth.
what if a fundamentally different data model, thus security model, etc.
this conceptualization has the individual person modeled as an antenna,
tuning into various structures based on what resonates, aligns correctly,
what circuits or feedback loops or environments exist. versus machine
of clockwork, rote memorization, and processor speed of read/write.

@_date: 2013-12-08 10:58:02
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: EM-nature (was: infra-org) 
i need to make note of this observation because it has special
relevance for the present situation of shared observation regarding
'information operations' (or other) that occur and-or are analyzed
within a particular context, framework, conceptualization. because
there is a split in worldview and modeling between the animal realm
whereby the sonar of bats or directional navigation of birds become
detached in their EM abilities from similar non-recognized natural
abilities in humans, which are 'off the map' so to speak, in terms
of a general awareness and recognition of similar EM physiology.
in other words, 'the senses' of humans are detached from their
electromagnetic context that would unify a model of humanity
(to be discussed at some later time) with such EM nature and
provide context for both a healthy relation and toxic conditions.
though this remains unrecognized via a political agenda that
prevents such data beyond its protected ideological boundary,
thus effects of wi-fi or artificial radiation (radio, etc) on human
beings is categorized into a realm of personal 'mental illness'
and unrelated to issues of cancer, at the same time EM tools
(nuclear resonance) are used to treat the ~mystery disease.
it is a split between mind-body that is enforced institutionally,
disallowing EM viewpoint while leveraging its onesidedness
against dumbed-down populations, unable to reason within
the warped frameworks about what is going on, because the
cause and effect have been separated, plausibly denied. in a
context of 'information operations' and 'electronic warfare' this
involves a realm of ~supernatural-like events that thus cannot
be accounted for in a non-electromagnetic context or view,
such that it cannot be 'rationally' reasoned with beyond a
realm of forced hysteria, as if dealing with ghosts/demons,
versus technological infrastructure operating in other realms.
thus security, defense, attacks are in a realm of "beliefs"
that are detached from a shared understanding/knowledge
of the environment these events are operating/occurring within,
like magic or witchcraft or sorcery, exfiltrating data and then
using a god-status to manipulate peoples lives - now this is
the power of government that is beyond oversight, law itself.
entire realms of ideological attackers then can be aligned in
such a ~wildwest scenario as if a replay of cowboys/indians,
the model for basic exchange moves towards highway robbery
in this same approach, detached from the actual condition that
exists, unable to speak about it or confirm it, as with physics
that supposedly "define" reality at the material level yet which
are byzantine and disconnected views that disallow reasoning
and observation while seeking to represent, have control over it
as ideology - this massive obfuscation the success of relativism.
so that nothing and only nothing can be discussed and the left
is rest for experts. in this way, silence is enforced via ideology
that is actually _detached from nature yet claims to represent it
and so to the mind and imagination and body of humans, these
as they are detached from the environment they exist within as
this becomes the basis for exploitation, predator/prey relations
at the level of politics of the rogue state, homicidal government.
in this way little can be said or done without being discredited
for going 'beyond the lines' that are dutifully enforced by the
protectors and defenders of the corrupt ideology, this boundary
is what needs to stand, the misrepresentation and malmodeling
of existence so that _reason cannot occur in accurate terms,
mathematics (of zero) and michelson-morley experiment (as
if simple debunk of aether) and removal of the absolute from
all equations, then acting and believing as if this is NORMAL
when it is fundamentally unreal as to shared experience and
observation of known and knowable facts and observations.
instead it becomes about what is allowed via a viewpoint
that can remain secure while allowing other views to exist,
within certain parameters yet truth is lost in this confinement
to a finite, overcontrolled, self-interested, skewed interaction,
whereby "nothingness" continually replaces "being" as the
shared condition, while those administering technology can
further apply and ply their craft and trade against and upon
humans, while humans have no effect on this relationship,
it is a bias that is enforced by dark ages restrictions upon
thought, held within an outdated view, stagnation of beliefs
for hundreds if not thousands of years of knowledge (basic
amber and lodestone fundamentals continually extended,
technologized) whereby even the fact that the atmosphere
itself is full of charge is irrelevant to those whose interest
is in technology, as if the 'data model' for information only
exists in artificial media and not within EM nature itself,
that beings could be interacting and formatted the shared
environment like the r/w head of a harddrive via mind, yet
the considerations never go outside the skull or beyond
the 'expert models' that bound this to the brain instead.
as if people cannot be allowed to think for themselves
or perhaps know far more than "beliefs" of scientists
allow via its enforcement of a corrupt political ideology,
where this bias against accurate human representation
that gives rise and momentum to an antihuman agenda,
a religious belief system that is biased against humans
as this is turned into infrastructure, tools, government.
and at its core is nothingness. falsity, lies. not truth.
it is language games. it is disregard for, exploitation
of logic whereby proofs are unneeded, never checked-
beyond language in its ungrounded condition and this
very comprehensiveness is itself based on absolutism,
where 'it cannot be known' becomes this absolute truth
simultaneously denied by the same political priesthood
whose goal is to mislead, misdirect, to keep us enslaved
in a false worldview, model, "physics" detached from reality
the disconnection of accurate understanding of the mind,
as if we cannot be allow to think or know consciousness
even, outside the scientific technological evaluation within
a biased modeling, then forbids accurate connection and
evaluation with the electromagnetic body, nervous system,
senses, in terms of awareness, reasoning, truth itself as
it relates to information (and security) beyond 'the brain',
and all the senses in their variability as they are unified
and not kept separate within human and other entities.
yet this wholeness is illegal as an identity, observation
is forcibly denied, the perspective directly challenges
the technical and ideological and political advantage of
those using these warped harmful tools and exploits
against the population, to continue their illegal control
over events to the deterioration of earth, its inhabitants
when truth is outlawed there is no way to 'reason' about
such conditions. they are penalized as viewpoints and
this defines a boundary condition or protected threshold
of different values, economic/political/social interests
that separate, some mind and bodies benefit for this
while others must suffer as a result of ongoing deception.
for some it is their security model, this obfuscated realm.
for others, humans, it is the basis for insecurity, torment,
disconnection for action and ability, realism, truth itself
thus reality is legislated away by others who stand in
for the law, on their own terms, for their own benefit
while others must suffer for this to be sustained, yet
if some take on more suffering via self-sacrifice, this
condition could be fundamentally transformed, given
rules of operation changed, hacked, short-circuited
and switched into other circuits, functionality, and
then the situation becomes increasing interesting
worldwide, as unified understanding takes control,
governed by shared service to truth, firstly, finally
▲ ◁ ▼

@_date: 2013-12-08 14:16:14
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: EM-nature 
(regarding default scenario: waffling into oblivion...)
for instance, if the mathematics of zero is off, then use
of such equations reliant on this modeling are going to
bound observations into a realm of perpetual inaccuracy
as a basis for worldview and 'physics' itself
likewise, if politically expedient, within this boundary,
a model of relativism can continually be reinforced via
these mathematics, it further provides a framework that
declares a particular reality to be the shared situation,
even if this goes against common sense, experience,
truth, and knowledge. physics then determining it as
if judge, jury, ultimately executioner of 'bad thinking'
because it does not conform to the inaccurate model
such as astronomers believing goats ruled earth
from the moon or whatever other such beliefs, if
enforced and stopping other direct observations
because they do not conform to the belief system
much more accurate in a charged atmosphere that
we are beings are _submerged in an information
environment, a realm of invisible circuitry that has
fundamental relation to pattern and constellations
of data, models that repeat as concepts and ideas,
and where do these reside, only inside of brains?
this is why the jellyfish seemed a useful analogy,
a floating sentience suspended in an information
rich environment that then is mediated, tuned into,
related to and through within certain dimensionality
that may change from one being, species to the next
and yet some fundamental condition is also shared,
held in common, this is the electromagnetic context
that is _undocumented in both nature and humans
as a continuous circuit throughout the cosmos from
the beginning of its existence to peak development
of life and sentience unfolding at its very edge, that
is where consciousness is operating, alive, interface
to reality and able to reflect upon this condition
yet without a unified model, EM cosmography
necessary before EM cosmology, seemingly, to
consider EM nature in relation to EM lifeforms,
and then EM humans and EM technology within
this realm, as 'consciousness' and concepts like
code, programming, 'artificial intelligence' are
inherently related to this condition in its truth,
yet completely separated from it due to a non-
electromagnetic worldview, understanding, as
if computers invented and 'contain' charge vs.
everything containing charge in a given realm,
plants, animals, the air, tools, bodies, minds.
the circuit itself not even a concept beyond
the manufactured circuitboard in terms of a
diagrammatic approach to reasoning, that is
processing of reality and decision-making,
such that perhaps this too is about circuits,
and we cannot reason or communciate in
the way we actually think, via patterns as
our worldview is disconnected from them,
from our own observation, and made into
signs instead, held apart from geometry,
other structural relations and evaluations
that may predate or provide foundation
for more ornate descriptions thereafter
yet these fundamentals are not secured
and instead lost in a non-EM evaluation,
as if 'writing to write' or 'coding to code' is
a higher connectivity or awareness when
instead it is a further detachment from the
fundamentals, truth in its logical evaluation
needed to secure the modeling, test and
correct for errors, the obligation ignored,
denied for a simple, quicker lost cause,
moving in the wrong direction, forgetting
to listen to the compass built-into the
self, of the electromagnetic directionality,
its connection with this cosmic condition
and the naturalness and unity, harmony
that could exist with people, environment,
tools, instead ignored, disease, disharmony
and falsity taking the place of enlightenment
then to speak of anything detached from this
condition as if encompassing it in a too small,
finite worldview, believing infinity can be pre-
packaged into a confined condition and then
held there as mode of control over it, versus
freeing the infinity truth and human reasoning,
challenging the concepts and regulations of
'discourse' and 'institutionalization of views',
to achieve this greater accuracy, _security
instead becomes the very problem that must
be combated to defend, uphold the criminal
falsity and deception of a false worldview,
false reality, false perspective, false beliefs
that are normalized, enforced, dictated
in this way what is anything in its truth
without this electromagnetic context as
the foundation for its evaluation, and this
in all its dimensionality, not compartmented
into narrowed controlled categories that are
the basis for its denial via social protocols
that seek to uphold a given social order that
does not serve or seek this greater truth and
instead desires to substitute it, stand-in for it,
as guardians though of the false, nothingness
code, crypto in this context, tools, computers,
programming, reasoning, processing, thought,
security, insecurity, tyranny, freedom, laws
how do you move from infinite parallel worlds
in relativistic conditions into a single shared
empirical framework in varying dimensionality
via quantum conditions without EM-nature?
how do you do this if the mathematics do not
allow it. or an absolute framework is not allowed
within reasoning via the ideology of relativism as
it has been detached from logical accounting
beyond the binary onesided belief of ideology.
what if the model of information survives death,
that like energy, if information is attached to it
as pattern in some way, whether morphic fields
or other conceptual forms or formatting, patterns
that even these computer conversations could
already be occurring interdimensionally, beyond
given thresholds yet not perceived locally this way.
none of it can be rationalized if the foundation for
the worldview is off, wrong, fundamentally incorrect
and there is every indication that this is the case,
yet further, that it purposeful, to maintain control
over events by denying the true nature of reality
and seeking to control and exploit this against
human populations, for their political subjugation
that is driven by evil intent, exampled everywhere
then to communicate or talk in this realm as if
it is not happening, beyond the pale to mention
as if craziness. that is threshold of the different
groundings, the ruling ideology based on falsity
all its circuitry open to hacking and cracking,
awaiting horn to announce the games begin...
❉ ✴ ❇
example of diagrams shared on defunct electronetwork-list

@_date: 2013-12-08 14:32:47
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: EM-nature (was: infra-org) 
References: i am completely intrigued and at once baffled by this, wondering
of Code here is referencing code in a wider generic sense or is
restricted to computer coding as the parameters. the examples
given {whistling, baying} seem both in a realm of music/voicing
and movement {gesture} and these all could be contained within
a context of language, seemingly. or perhaps not, as envisaged.
what has me further curious is if this somehow has linguistics
(as crypt.crypto) advantaged to mathematics, as communication
framework in some wider more open or elusive sense, or as the
conception/conceptualization of what code is or may be if crypto
i am still trying to ground with electromagnetic framework thus
imagining beyond this, as if already grounded, more unknowing
of how to even consider such thoughts or considerations as it
difficult or impossible to separate from the medium involved in
my naive and limited awareness and even less understanding
closest to this perhaps in this not-knowing what might be is
that the cosmos itself is encrypted, as a starting point to
questioning, context for developing technical crypt.boxes
then perhaps DNA as encrypted code of life in this framework,
taxonomy of species and disciplines decrypting the patterning,
securing truth key to unlocking the works seemingly, OZ writer
L. Frank Baum naming electromagnetism as the master key,
wondering if it is actually a blank, then what that implies, or if
parameters exist by which it can be made to unlock access
to new dimensions in which this otherness is more tangible,
maybe a realm exists outside of charge, here not the case
at least in the level experienced or encountered, precorpse
in the necropolis, is everything then only "information", etc.

@_date: 2013-12-08 15:29:01
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: EM-nature (was: infra-org) 
References: (now i realize i likely misread, strange-read/reply-functioned your post,
not quite or completely grokking the distinction between crypt.crypto
and implementation, separation or distancing of these though still the
relation to nature itself as example appears retained, as if providing
proof-of-concept and demonstration models for how to go about it,w
watching various creatures, ecosystems, crystals, particle dynamics)

@_date: 2013-12-11 21:04:24
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: catalog A & B (urls) 
Capturing wasted electricity with triboelectric generators
[quote] "Beyond generating power, the technology could also provide a
new type of self-powered sensor, allowing detection of vibrations,
motion, water leaks, explosions – or even rain falling." ...
"They have learned to increase the {power output density by a factor
of 100,000} by applying micron-scale patterns to the polymer sheets.
The patterning effectively increases the contact area and thereby
increases the effectiveness of the charge transfer." [unquote]
(the idea of energy harvesting includes recovering energy from
everyday kinetics, cars driving on roads, people walking on surfaces.
ubiquitous potential energy, how to gain access or tap into latent
energy sources everywhere.  this perhaps a viable approach to engage
the ubiquity if it is ever actually realized and retains its
economics; also- still not understanding how this is related or not to
electrostatics, is it comparable to an electrostatic generator or
electrostatic sensor that registers strain via charge movement,
perhaps at momentary high voltage like a static shock though cannot be
sustained thus about trickle charges, supercaps, those circuits,
perhaps zigbee-like self-sustaining sensor network infrastructures.
would it have potential for clothing to harvest small amounts of
kinetic movement and like charging a cellphone slowly, use longer
durations of time to harvest, attain, store usable current, in normal
Why Transit Riders Give Terrible Directions
"Is cognitive passivity during travel wearing on city travelers'
abilities to create mental maps?"
AlphaPOV: An alphanumeric persistence of vision display
[image] NSA as Ceiling Cat
[image] diagram
What kind of sorcery illusion lets these two blocks be the same color?
== NSA question ==
how to validate this is the real cypherpunks mailing list
and not an emulation on an NSA server? is there any kind
of technical protocol that allows this to be evalauted. is
everyone seeing the same content. or if a mimic-site,
what if the substitute functions as the real list, etc.
in other words: could a person's entire online experience
be mediated through a false perspective WWW universe
constructed by forged sites maintained by the NSA...
and further, is it even possible to be outside control of
the NSA within an electromagnetic context, if targeted.
this involving not only telecom, also nervous system.
CF (collider function):  Harmony in Chaos
Geek Chic Computer Jewelry  // now what if it was functional...
High-tech Jewelry made from Computer & Electronic Components
== note on crypto ==
wondering if a distinction could be made in the realm of cryptology as
with other disciplines whereby there is an existing functionality and
then an edge condition of developing ideas where intuitions may be
pursued, tested, learned from.
i see people in various disciplines working on 'ideas' as part of
their work, whereas the same tasks can be pursued in purely
functional, managerial terms likewise, perhaps involving an existing
mode of operation versus evaluating various parameters or potential
in some sense then, as with art, there are artists who have skills and
can develop their work within a given set of parameters, and others
who may be more abstract and involved in this abstraction at the level
of ideas, questioning of existing presumptions. i relate this
condition and pursuit to 'conceptual art', rightly and-or wrongly,
having only an intuitive understanding of what it involves versus art
historical accounts of what it means and how it is identified.
then, so too with music. there are some who perform and develop music
within traditional or known parameters, and others who test or
question the limits though also in a deep realm of ideas. and this
tends towards 'conceptual music' in my sensibility, because more is
involved than what may be discerned from the aesthetics and it may
take more to understand it as it may operate in different parameters
than what is already known, and may need evaluation within a different
sensibility to access what it involves, which may center on grounding
of ideas or conceptions beyond a given interpretation, model, or limit
in standard approaches.
this then relating also to the rich realm of conceptual architecture,
typology seemingly having a unique role in this (ex. architects
Boullée and Ledoux from the enlightenment era when studying ruins and
the discipline of archaeology began, if remembering correctly, moving
into another realm perhaps tending towards the surreal compared to
existing approaches)...
(note: relation of Cenotaph for Newton and nuclear reactor, containing
fission of sun inside building type, significance for evaluating
landscape, environment, meaning, symbolism)
it is as if 'ideas' and their contemplation was more readily at the
center of questioning, the basis for what is developed, less so than
unquestioned conventions repeated as patterns. and this continued as a
major approach, including Le Corbusier and others, within certain
parameters, though a 'high conceptualization' can be involved in an
activity that in the griops of other practitioners is merely a
functional question that has already proscribed solutions that can be
uniquely or methodically rearranged though perhaps not fundamentally
questioned. so in some sense the fundamentals or basis or foundational
and its basics are secured and relied upon or brought into question
and further tested, experimented with, refined, or moved beyond
perhaps in particular circumstances as a model or approach.
this conceptualization continued into the 1960s (such as Archigram)
into the 1980s though its purpose seemed to be made profane, focused
on the image as a basis for abstraction, and the deeper questions of
architecture ignored for a shallow aesthetic approach that can be
hollow or ungrounded from 'reality' in some significant sense,
detached from issues and people and of a realm of CAD design, as if
architecture is only industrial design, creating pleasing objects or
sculpture devoid of economic, social, political, cultural issues it
involves, its deep meaning and insight, and instead, developing
blindness. this is more anti-architecture, the concept is not about
ideas but about extending an ideology of a particular warped value
system, and so the image is like an illusion of what actual
architecture is, in its greater purpose and mission. not trivial, not
just manufacturing buildings or 'culture' as if a fashion item to be
copied, reproduced as a trend or style, yet that is what it has
devolved to in tersm of its 'ideas', in many or most cases- if just on
its detachment from understanding nature itself and people and serving
these interests instead of designing building as part of a
political-economic flow that aestheticizes an existing and harmful way
of life, yet makes it as enticing as possible. (in this way the
excellent observation of such 'architecture' as pornographic forms, as
introduced by Dr. Elisabeth von Samsonow in The Plasticity of the Real
video lecture.)
i tend to consider this earlier intersection between archeology and
architecture vital for understanding both disciplines in their
interrelated depth, bridging past and future, and asking questions
again in a different context than just a present mode of operation.
thus to question and learn from ruins or evaluate a situation in a
larger context than it may otherwise have due to convention. and it
appears a lot is lost to narrowed conception of processes and existing
functioning that may limit potentials for insight and innovation
beyond the existing boundaries, again due to convention if not
conforming to rules or patterns or models that may already work in the
given constraints or parameters- though these too also change and
transform over time, yet the 'ideas' attached to them do not, and
often approaches can become fixed ideas or conceptions, as if the
world does not change becomes a routine is continued the same, even
while everything is shifting underneath yet may be unrecognized in a
given approach or even denied, to retain a way of doing things and
thinking, beliefs, etc.
so, a potential exists and perhaps it is like basic research of
architecture or a given discipline, where it may not be ready to be
applied or may question fundamental assumptions and this is purposeful
and can be extraordinarily beneficial if it cracks open the
malmodeling that may become standardized as approach, and allow other
development to occur by falsifying given notions or providing
alternative paths or techniques. and yet also, infrastructure can
exist that forbids this from occurring, that limits any such
conceptions, or confines questioning to what amounts to only small
tweaks in the functional circuitry because it is a situation that is
nearly completely controlled and there is little room within for
fundamental changes and an entire system would need to be rebuilt from
scratch to replace what exists, otherwise. and there are dreamers who
do this, and architects who focus on utopia. or modeling of cities.
Frank Lloyd Wright (FLlW) had his vision for the development of the US
which was based on a different approach to city planning,
democratizing it via planning principles if not mistaken, though part
of this was developing a low-cost affordable home (if not made of
concrete), the USonian home, a unit or component in the larger
integrated plan of massive development. Le Corbusier had skyscrapers
and green spaces as part of the Ville Radieuse (my memory is gone
though approximating a general sketch of approaches) and both these
efforts were based on social goals, what architecture and master
planning can effect via focused development. and Arcosanti by Paolo
Soleri is yet another example, building a prototype community with new
building techniques as part of a larger vision that is potentially
counterpoint to the existing approach, and that there is a tradition
of this questioning of existing development patterns and yet it is
also fraught with issues in the realm of ideas as relativism bounds
such inquiry.
for accuracy it should be noted that this innovation in thinking has
basically evaporated from the practice of architecture, it is
completely without support as a research endeavor in the given model
of education and development, as if the technical approach + aesthetic
fashion is the peak sum of its content as fixed-idea, though it is
more a purification of given ideology intimately tied to existing
warped economic, social, political agendas evidenced as "culture" that
is antihuman, against nature, against thought, essentially
anti-architecture as it exists.
so the conceptual potential of architecture, the critical questioning
of assumptions can be lost or drown out by other priorities or values,
superseded by a particular view or agenda that in turn limits what can
be pursued in that domain, as it becomes normalized, made a shared
worlview, institutionalized. yet likewise, detached from fundamentals
edited or censored out of existence given the tyranny of convention or
otherwise, e.g. deceptive motivations.
and so at the edge of development, there could be little blood
occurring because there is no real-stake involved at this leading or
front position. it could be somewhat mundane or basic or commonplace,
detached from significance or risk, and more about continuing to
extend a particular approach than testing, questioning, learning and
pivoting into other unknown or newly discovered realms via discovery,
innovation, invention, failure even and falsfication of beliefs and
approaches. defeat of ideology. instead- there are no ideas,
potentially. just the same old beliefs repeated ad naseum yet without
questioning them again and again, thus to assume their rightness or
correctness through their repetition, no more integrity than that.
thus mediocrity as a type of security even, doing what has been done
as a validation process or confirmation of value, matching a pattern
as pattern and not its truth it must represent. and thus the
detachment, the moving away from what is vital, developing in the
wrong ways and directions towards a false viewpoint and framework, if
not at odds with what is needed. and this all occurs automatically-
especially in peoples minds and thinking, psychologies and relations,
as individuals and groups then combine into organizations, continuing
such efforts.
conceptual architecture is then about ideas. thinking through
architecture, architecture as a model, a medium for ideas. for
communication and relation. the importance of language in all the
above examples, and its fundamental relation to geometry (art, music,
architecture). and this fundamental consideration also involving a
kind of philosophical approach to the questioning, in terms of
research, the basics, fundamentals, foundation of disciplines and
beliefs, techniques approaches actions, methodology. questioning,
debate, discussion, the role of basic research in development, its
application over time via refinement, testing of hypotheses and
improvement of models and approaches. it is not just engineering
and it also involves a larger domain than just a detail, so while
research into concrete may always be ongoing, that concrete sidewalk
technology around for thousands of years since Roman times, the heated
sidewalk or improved wear or illumination or concrete via other
additives to the mixture is not in itself a larger modeling of the
depth and breadth of the question of architecture beyond that narrowed
realm- though can be incorporated into it as a vital detail, and so
definitely is related, though a part of a larger research enterprise,
a larger more encompassing and ecosystem view, where each detail has
its value and importance and insight, yet in the realm of ideas, 'big
ideas' need to occur to frame the big situations, and to limit these
to finite or specific details then bounds what can occur.  it is
equivalent to saying we can build skyscrapers to look like furniture
and if that is all it involves, a vast many other potential realms of
questioning or consideration can be lost in the process as it is
defined and conceived, in terms of what is and is not considered, put
on the table in terms of questioning. for most the skyscraper itself
as a building type has become a default solution, so too the high rise
city as a defacto approach to eco/soc/pol development, yet it is
fraught with vast many problems and creates and solidifies certain
patterns that are ineffective, inefficient, though believed the
correct way because that is the standard, the way things are done
today and how wealth or success has been generated. it is an engine,
in other words, that provides momentum to many industries and
questioning it as foundation could even be heretical. and thus if
questioning is removed, everything works just like a machine. yet a
machinery that is functioning against life, the earth, people,
economics, society, and other dimensions if a true accounting were to
take place beyond the controlled viewpoint that secures this approach.
conceptual architecture potentially could delve into these areas, yet
without support or even vital influence upon these processes, either
for being unrealistic or uneconomical or without existing capacity,
technology, or other limitations that restrict alternatives from
developing. again- the lack of research and its replacement by a
default 'ideology' the indicator that the process is determined by an
existing agenda that does not want to be fundamentally questioned in
its rightness, correctness as method, practice, income-generating
and yet an amazing discipline such as architecture can then lose its
soul, its essence, its insight and become shallow, ungrounded from
reality, and force disconnection through its development which then is
no longer actual or real architecture and instead something else, a
substitute process that stands-in for it as mimic, yet operating
within different principles that confine questioning to a narrow range
of consideration that basically destroys it, the ideas turning to
answered questions, architecture turned against itself, becoming only
a question of engineering, the art of construction being about
decorative buildings instead. though no deep insight into the human
condition beyond an archaeological condition where these forms can be
evaluated, analyzed, as they map to social, political, economic
issues, versus serving people as part of a heightened moral and
ethical obligation, service to culture and its development, not
turning away from it for money or just another career, etc. and thus
'the ideas' of architecture are nowhere to be found within the field
as it exists today, they are instead censored out of it by default of
the existing securing of ideology within institutions as this then is
the basis for further development within constrained parameters of
"design" that has more in common with the particularities of fashion
than wide-ranging investigation into questions and understanding and
development of culture in its highest manifestation, to include the
role of technology and its coherent and innovative integration within
built form, which instead becomes a manufacturers and industry
consideration: "smart homes", etc. this versus master planning of
civilization across all of its dimensions in a cohesive clear vision.
this as context for cryptography, in that there may be a standard
approach via public-key or other security systems in place that have
become normalized, made routine as processes and that assumptions may
readily exist as 'solutions' that remain bounded in given
considerations while there could be more going on beyond the existing
framework or limits of these same systems in practice, when evaluated
in terms of basic research, tweaked or tested or broken, and this
appears part of a vital process of improving and securing
cryptographic systems even. that a basic RD&D process exists already,
though to still question- within what parameters and is it possible
that the existing modeling is based on fundamental assumptions that
could in some way be limited or narrowed and a larger inquiry is
restricted because of these beliefs that become 'assumed truths' via
their restricted boundaries,  as if knowns or certainties due to
history or precedent yet these not brought back into questioning again
(reinterpreting of previous models, as if archeological ruins even,
where new insights may still be available or other approaches
discovered through their reevaluation and testing of assumptions).
it is to question if there may be a distinction made between
cryptography that is operational and active, that exists as an
infrastructure and working system (however rube-goldberg the issues of
implementation, chaos of variability as it connects with
secured/insecure modes), and what may be a more research-oriented
approach, not just into mathematical approaches to cryptographic
modules, and instead potentially further into the most basic realm of
crypto questioning, perhaps at the level of signs & symbols (language)
and how operations function (geometry) instead of an algorithm that is
operational as software approach or methodology, within a given or
existing set of parameters or assumptions that may be relied upon yet
also may be limited or even false in certain instances or deny other
approaches from occurring.
in other words, it is to wonder if there is a realm of 'conceptual
cryptology' that may already exist and yet not be defined or
understood this way, or 'conceptual cryptography' in a more particular
realm whereby these core questions of cryptographic models could be
pursued in their depth- or does the existing institutionalization of
these "ideas" restrict these inquiries due to a forced perspective of
ideology, a particular value system that relates to economic, social,
political pressures that retain a given approach for the good of
institutional control or manufacturing or to keep validating the
static conception, even as it may deteriorate within its 'ideas' made
static, assumed true by their repetition and continual access,
matching the sign equals sign as confirmation of correctness, versus
grounding in this greater depth of inquiry and realm of potential and
perpetual insight, when going back to the source and evaluating the
situation with fresh eyes and minds, in the dimensions that exist,
which could be far more than is modeled or believed or allowed in
existing approaches or functioning.
as with archaeology and architecture, it is to question if
cryptography may have a unique in situ condition at this intersection
of language and geometry, that currently may exist outside its
conceptualization in terms of practice, as crypto is developed
systematically, as it is made into infrastructure via technology,
manufacturing, and extension of these. and here, of the danger of
ideology, answered questions that move towards further falsity, as if
unconscious, when questioning of 'ideas' becomes detached from action
and through further development becomes ever more disconnected from a
fundamental condition of truth than in service to it. and what if this
integrity, securing this foundation of cryptography in truth is
requirement for security, yet given existing parameters could be
ignored in its philosophical dimensions that predate, inform, and give
life to the discipline, yet may not be valued or identified or related
to this way, as it becomes institutionalized or supported, made into
systematic development.
is there such an entity as 'conceptual cryptography' and where does it
begin and end. how might it be different than a primarily engineering
based approach or evalaution or crypto. to what extent is it supported
and operational as inquiry, yet what parameters or domain does it
occupy, including in past times and efforts that map out this
relation, its core questioning. could it today function in non-crypto
domains yet influence crypto development, etc. and thus questions of
the universality and connectedness of patterns, their permutations and
relations, potential interdisciplinary relevance as language and
geometry across mediums.
(if not involving inquiries and in-depth research at the junction and
structural intersection of linguistics and mathematics, and a
wider-range of potential communication strategies.)
[image] album cover
[image] Nelson Mandela & EM aesthetics
== re: Amazon LCD tablet ==
i grew up studying those giant shopping catalogs for Sears and JC
Penneys stores that had inventories of everything in stores and that
could be mail ordered. they were seemingly hundreds of pages thick,
consumer bibles of specific national retailer chains in the U.S. and
for those without encyclopedia, did offer an interesting look into the
development of digital watches as they took over analog, calculators,
early computing, electronic and video games, and then 'electrics'
spanning tools to housewares, various large and small appliances.
when the Amazon Kindle lineup went from e-ink only into a
mixed-category of LCD screens it seems to blur the distinction in
purpose between the e-reader devices and more ordinary tablets that
compete with others, in particular ecosystem-based devices from Apple.
my initial thought was that there were two different categories
occupying a single name of "Kindle" and that they were functionally
very different devices with different purposes.
while it is understood that 'tablets' are a category unto themselves
and need no further justification for existence in an online retail or
software/app model, it struck me as strange that there was not
something more conceptual going on with the Amazon HD Fire devices,
beyond ordinary tablet functionality, at least from what reviews
mention about it in terms of user experience and how it streamlines
access to Amazon services through the tablet UI.
one thought has stuck with me about the potential for this
tablet-Amazon ecosystem relation and it is that this device now
competes with others in a general 'multimedia' tablet category, yet
its real and potential advantage in terms of apps or whatever is its
unique connection to Amazon inventory, which spans multimedia in an
intranet sort of way, perhaps as if portal.
from here, at this location, in this particular and unique context of
relation between those who access Amazon through such a tablet
interface, it would appear the killer functionality of such an LCD
tablet would be to provide 'catalog-like functionality' in the style
of earlier paper-based approaches, such as the Sears Catalog and
others, though perhaps beyond just existing approaches determined by
web interfaces and into a higher degree of functionality, such that
the tablet actually is the Amazon Catalog in electronic format, in
particular- mail-order format whereby, say, ala Whole Earth Catalog or
Hammacher Schlemmer, you could potentially order anything that Amazon
lines up into its supply-chain, even if for a one-time sale, via such
a massively connected inventory and integrated yet distributed
delivery system.
This probably sounds very bad to some peoples ears in terms of the
impact or effects this could have if suddenly Amazon is bidding on
installing pools in the neighborhood, though perhaps it would be
bounded to certain things like European appliances that are imported
or other high-rated, quality based interactions vetted by a
review-system recovered from the troubles of existing feedback
environments internet-wide.
curated merchandize, then, that is presented in deep categories of
content, with additional information (requiring dimensions of items
from manufacturers, etc) and matrix-based searching functions (using
grids and geometry to search instead of only keywords) that then are
the basis for a _new_design of the Amazon interface that standardizes
the interface and user experience with the available inventory,
instead of relying on existing web technologies to define parameters
for what can occur in these interactions, including variable results.
What this is to question is why the Amazon Fire LCD tablet is
competing in a multimedia category as if just another tablet when
instead it could be 'the Amazon Catalog' instead and while able to
deliver movies, music, book content, that ultimately a programmatic
hierarchy could exist that this is a platform for interfacing with and
accessing Amazon inventory firstly, before that secondary utility,
which allows delivery of online data (movies, movies) though also, and
primarily it is assumed: offline 'content' in terms of sales from its
warehouses and third party suppliers, and thus is the basis for
creating, sustaining, and developing this huge momentum in sales, or
having it operate in more conventional terms, competing as another
tablet in a highly competitive space, and perhaps not having this
catalog-functionality as its core mission to the extent that this is
how the tablet is designed, its fundamental purpose and advanced
functionality, versus just an extension of existing web technology
approaches that leverage an excellent e-commerce experience though
remain heavily defined by what is a very low-resolution 'catalog' of
its inventory, when instead there could be more extensive information
about each item, so that people do not need to research missing facts
or data repeatedly and instead it could be presented as advanced specs
(dimensions, materials, warnings; contains lead, requires widget Z),
that combined with expert reviews or more in-depth analysis could
transform the experience into a research-based activity where all of
the necessary data is in the Amazon Catalog, perhaps not the web
version, but the tablet catalog version that acts like an encyclopedia
attached to extended or other content or dimensions.
For instance, if a product attaches to a table, yet no information is
provided for how this connection takes place or how deep or thick the
table must be, the same item could be ordered and then returned if it
does not fit a particular table. And if this information is not
provided for in the reviews, then orders and returns are the 'feedback
process' that is in effect a negative interaction as a total exchange,
inefficient, and time-wasting for everyone when instead that
additional information which could be known to be critical (no less by
the product manufacturer) could be provided as _missing detail in the
current approach, in many cases, with sales across the online retailer
landscape. It could require several google searches of discussion
forums or downloading PDF manuals to get this information if it exists
or a call to the manufacturer, all that stands in the way between
simply evaluating the item and then deciding it will work and clicking
through the sale. Instead this short-circuit of necessary or missing
information could require dozens of clicks and several searches of
discussion groups looking for answers or clues to what may become a
mystery by default.
Consider then the condition whereby there is lack of basic information
in this entire process, encountered with online retailers and
e-commerce in general, not just Amazon of course. It is assumed when
product data went online, that perhaps nothing new was expected of the
items in the way they were modeled as 'data' in terms of their sale.
Yet for instance this same product was in a store in yesteryear, it
could be touched, evaluated as a 3-dimensional item, and if it
attached to a table the mechanism to do this could be evaluated or a
box could be opened by a worker to help evaluate the device to see if
it actually would fit a particular table or not - prior to sale. And
here is point: the information is available for the person in the
store, though when it is sold online this information may be
non-existent online even though it is a very basic consideration for
its practical and successful use in basic scenarios and everyday
conditions. It is unexceptional to ask such questions in an offline
context, yet when this same questioning occurs in a remote
'catalog-context' or 'online retailer' context often there is no one
to ask or anyone who knows the answer, and it instead is a gamble.
The way this is made to work is by offering free returns, and yet this
also effects other prices and is a structural inefficiency if it could
be solved and such returns unnecessary when they could instead be
avoided, due to an issue such as 'missing information' that is
important to the seller and the buyer, to know enough about the item
at the center of such exchange.
Thus, of various products sold online, consider if they had a more
robust and in-depth data model that consisted of various "dimensions",
and therefore if there were these attachment devices to tables, you
could narrow a search for such items not just by the main category
{tablet attachment}, and instead further by subset details, such as
{clamp to 2-3/4 inches} when others only may only open to 1-1/4 inch
and therefore would not fulfill the criteria.
And so in modeling a particular item or device, as category, it could
be modeled in various subset details that may already occur in areas
like HDTV sets, to some limited extent (a bit too fuzzy whereby false
positives are frequent as with many hierarchical approaches based on,
it is assumed words versus geometric structures based on such
functional details). In some sense it could be equivalent to a limited
'dimensional-search' via matrix, that in some cases may involve
measurement (height-width-depth), color, form or shape, materials, and
other specifics (calories, toxins, requirements). Then instead of
searching from the general to the specific, looking for the needle, a
person could start with the needle, knowing what they usually are
looking for -though cannot find- and located it through geometry of
such data.
In this way, potentially the future of online catalogs in a tablet
interface as it may streamline the process of interaction and exchange
with this data ecosystem of media and other goods.
(concepts: patterns, typologies, variable details, relational structures)
(also, this strategy could be used for other search via structurally
organized -if meta- data as a content or information search via
categories, dimensions, graphs and grid. dimensions, 3- and N-value
logic, set theory, AI interface and interactions. tending toward
'living queries' where, given parameters, search could continue or
map/carto/survey realms, provide reconaissance, report back data
structures, variables. this could be basis for custom data structure
of PC, a model built up over many queries, spanning local-global
structure, heuristic feedback, etc.)
Scientists jump the "air gap" with hidden acoustic networks
== urls via hh ==
(of lithophones and ringing stones... Stonehenge as xylophone)
Researchers reveal Stonehenge stones hold incredible musical properties

@_date: 2013-12-14 14:33:28
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: c4-r3kN.txt (urls) 
../correction_regarding; = "last {urls} list", a needed clarification
about applied concrete, its also massive and important role in
reconceptualization. bridges, hi-ways, skyscrapers along with steel,
office parks via CMUs. innovative material- and form-based aesthetics
(its own language or dialect, syntax, grammar, etc). medium for ideas,
shapes ideas, opens up new areas for development & interpretation.
(note: basis for approach of Le Corbusier (aka 'the crow'),
structure/order- 'organizational logic' as parti; and FLlW use of
concrete masonry units and precast concrete as vital to new ideas).
yet architecture is still much more than these things, it remains a
detail, sometimes of major significance other times not in the 'ideas'
involved. sometimes innovative, etc. yet in a larger context or
situation, larger goals and functioning than just concrete itself,
alone, as the variable. in other words 'the ideas of architecture' are
not containable just within concrete, though it can and does have
major influence at certain stages and within specific approaches. its
conceptual innovation feeds into architecture and vice-versa,
symbiotic, including conceptual stagnation due to loss of larger
vision (ideas) and greater purpose at scales involved due to
narrowed_focus(), etc(etc).
Crypto Museum
 The Future
"Modern cryptographic equipment consists of nothing more than a 'black
box' with powerful digital processors and advanced mathematical
algorithms. There is not much to see, and there are definitely no
moving parts. We realize that this is probably where our collection of
historical cipher equipment will end. However, there are numerous
earlier cipher machines and much of this is still undiscovered. 'New'
old machines will, no doubt, pup-up and many side-tracks will be
walked. Furthermore, the history of some famous cipher machines is
still very clouded, leaving much to be researched and much to be
discovered in the years to come.
"On the Crypto Museum website, we have done our best to raise an
interest in historical cipher machines and cryptology in general.
Where possible, we will give as much background information as we can.
Perhaps you too will eventually get contaminated with the Crypto
Virus. If it happens, be careful as it might get under your skin.
August 2010,
Paul Reuvers & Marc Simons
[video] Fully functional loudspeaker is 3-D printed
"Lipson said he hopes this simple demonstration is just the "tip of
the iceberg." 3-D printing technology could be moving from printing
passive parts toward printing active, integrated systems, he said."
Airline Runways renumbered when Earth's Magnetic field shifts...
The Mozart Effect myth: research finds music doesn't make you smarter
(note: headline made me wonder what the difference actually is in
terms of intelligence or ability to think and process information in a
different conceptual framework/model, from those who actually _play
music, to those who are _trained to remotely  reproduce "music", say
musical compositions repeated for 240 years from the institutionalized
cultural canon, versus making your own music, exploring musical
principles versus rote behaviorism that may remove those learning
principles from the interaction, so people as tape recorders in a
context of music playback, repeating someone elses musical learning,
versus developing their own via unique exploration and grounding. the
latter approach would seem to indicate 'new information' models could
develop whereas repetition of preexisting structures and approaches
may limit this to a realm of memorization, for instance. likewise, any
effects from playing music may require longer-term integration to be
expressed as intelligence, years even, as motor skills and new
neuronal connections and pathways take hold, rewiring the brain, and
six weeks is not going to allow this known and basic benefit to be
evaluated. it may be a time of peak confusion, instead, because it is
new knowledge not yet integrated so to test on that is to force its
benefits into a realm of observable tangibility it may not be able to
provide, though may still exist as this inside people, expressing
itself over a longer time.)
Alligators and Crocodiles Use Tools to Hunt, in a First // via digg
Stealth maneuver allows nectar bats to target insect prey
"The results, published in the journal Functional Ecology, show that
the bat's echolocation calls were high in frequency but low in
intensity making it difficult for {'bat-detecting ears' of} the insect
to detect the imminent danger.
Man Walks All Day to Create Massive Snow Patterns // via hh
:-:-:-: Ten books - Vitruvius, recontextualization :-:-:-:
i wanted to substantiate an approach to crypto in a larger context
from its parallel within architecture as a discipline that involves
real-time development based on principles that are shared as a
framework and value system, in other words common consciousness about
a given domain or areas of importance or relevance as this effects
what can or cannot develop.
in the existing late 20th c. worldview my research interests into
electrification as critical to understanding the existing built
environment had no place within the history books. such views are
literally erased, censored from books, both as content though also
imagery, there are few 'electrical poles' in those fashion photographs
of buildings, removing the ubiquitous context of infrastructure, as if
they function in a more pure condition than are reliant upon an
external source of power, light, heat, than 'the elements' of nature
and sunlight. because those are the beliefs, shade shadow mass spatial
experience, pre-electric, communication about experience shared in a
context of 'the senses' removed of their electromagnetic truth, such
that ungrounded subjectivism and indoctrination into a world view is
established and _must be followed to succeed in the systematized view
and training to become an architect, within such narrowed parameters.
to continue to extend the existing ideology in this way.
so it was necessary to find justification for such thinking and
consideration, and Plato offers this in terms of conceptualizing the
state as a body, essentially a nervous system. and then considering
this in terms of its governance. how the individual and group are
established via various principles of relation, what is prioritized,
there were also many fragmentary views from Modernist masters relating
to electrical aesthetics, i think it was Walter Gropius who related
the eyeball to the television set, and Le Corbusier had great interest
in the aesthetics of electrification, generators, motors, turbines.
and so an archaeological aspect, yet not integrated into a larger
framework. so as it happens, this continues to a threshold where
scholar-architects Venturi, Scott-Brown, and Izenour share very
insightful observations about the developing electromagnetic
landscape, to include such aesthetics of infrastructure relied upon
(in the desert no less, for life sustaining a/c and casinos and
signage: essentially OASIS and MIRAGE), in their Learning from Las
Vegas and yet the strong and silent type still does not mention or
investigate the electrical order while certainly referencing it and
including it within the chaos of the built environment in the
photographs taken. and yet, in architectural history, there is
supposedly no precedent, no way to make the case that this
infrastructure is an extension of architecture, of fundamental and
foundational relation as an ordering device within the city grid, its
planned development (ala plug-in city, though originating millennia
ago). and yet there is direct lineage with these billboards along the
highway that cars drive by and signage along busy routes near ancient
cities, the present day is an extension of similar structure and order
over a long span of time. it is part of a language, although it may
become subconscious, mediated in other terms or only indirectly, else
could be edited out as 'not architecture' which is the default
what interested me about this, and i am not sure exactly the sequence
my readings occurred, though in deciding to delve into reading a
classic work of literature, the earliest account of architectural
authority (in the West) in terms of its classical culture and
development, if not mistaken, is that it was unlike the existing
conception of what architecture is, and had a far wider boundary for
knowledge and interpretation that today has been narrowed by special
and private interests in a 'training approach' to office workers than
an educational approach that questioned the parameters of
architecture, beyond a confined technical enterprise that overlaps
aesthetics onto a deterministic approach to answered problems of
culture, society, economic development, and political agendas driving
the development, its destructiveness.
Ten Books on Architecture - Vitruvius
so what took me by surprise is that the architect is speaking of not
only geometry and the proportion of temples and buildings at that
time, based on the classical ordering systems...
(Classical Orders: Doric, Ionic, Corinthian, Tuscan, Composite)
...though also about armaments and fortifications, about the quality
of water in wells (wells that produce black bile or something along
these lines), and various other important areas of knowledge in terms
of buildings and development in their larger realm of functioning,
which today would include areas like environment and defense as part
of this architectural inquiry and area of knowledge- for how
architecture exists and functions. In this way, to understand nature
and surrounding culture, infrastructure would fit into this same
approach, and without it the existing dwellings, buildings, the entire
built environment, cities themselves- do not make any sense because
they cease to function without electricity. A skyscraper no longer
functions in this era without electrical elevators and ventilation
systems, lighting, etc. A home would lose its washing machine, food
storage, communications ability, etc. And yet this vital and basic
information is left out of the equation, removed from architecture as
a viewpoint, which is ridiculous, and not allowed in 'reasoning'
within the schools likewise. In this way the ideas of architecture are
shallow, hollowed out of their meaning for a surface-based
interpretation, which serves a particular oil-based development agenda
the reason this was introduced here is because of ancient principles
now absent within the realm of architecture: approximated as
Commidity, Firmness, and Delight... these principles are often
presumed or claimed to exist for the given approach to image-based
development yet have become signage-only, language game seeking to
misrepresent what is going on, as if more is occurring, higher minded
activity than a base activity under the guise of architecture
Commodity, Firmness, and Delight, or Toward a New Architectural Attitude
(for instance, commodity replaced by anti-economy as 'economics';
firmness by using false foundation and understanding for development,
thus developing ungrounded civilization, and 'bliss of ignorance'
delight while this process is being subverted for ulterior motives).
There is misalignment and misrepresentation and short-circuiting and a
sabotaged detour going on within the ancient_tradition of
architecture, whereby today is functions directly against and in
opposition to these principles, most especially in the area they could
be evaluated and-or acknowledged, within the education system which
instead is ruled by an anti-architecture ideology. against thought,
against action, functioning against truth, grounded reasoning itself.
and then one day recently in trying to remember the above tripartite
concept, the mingling of its present incarnation as Fear, Uncertainty,
Doubt appeared in the fog of my mind, though was rendered as: Fear,
Uncertainty, and Delight, instead. and to me this illuminated this
very closely correlated development, removed of its camouflage, suc
that FUD is the equivalent set of principles by which development
occurs in a context of developing of this insecurity, uncertainty, and
incapacitation of people, most notably through ideology of relativism
and binary views based on biased authority structures and control over
reasoning and feedback.
another sample of wreckage from this same broken brain is that of the
Fountainhead by Ayn Rand, the book and also the excellent movie
(c.1949) with Gary Cooper and Patricia Neal.
there is controversy over interpretation of the ideas involved, though
i think an accurate grounding of observation neutralizes the beliefs,
when truth is the arbiter of actions and not just ego, as if belief in
superior vision is justification for higher awareness development that
others just cannot understand and thus lone geniuses stand alone in
obscurity, which then is how the corruption of the star system occurs
with celebrity architecture and development of 'aesthetic buildings'
are removed from larger issues of economics, societal, and their
political reliance and extension of given systems of corrupt power,
instead of questioning these, and thus in some sense 'the cathedrals'
built represent these values, as if glossy advertisements for a
culture devoid of culture, just about shiny objects and immediate
sensory experience that no longer connects with larger surrounding
issues or has a larger impact on lives than in an ecological negative,
like playing music on the titanic as it is sinking,  yet not
accounting for this part of the situation, as if heightened experience
when instead blindness. the entire system supporting this development,
all students, interning as peasants to upkeep offices that churn out
cultural pablum as if 'high conceptualization' when devoid of this, in
truth. then the conceit of the architect in this domain, as if
knowledgeable of what is going on as if in continuance of vitrivuian
awareness, or mastery within the built environment, when basic
reasoning and observation long ago failed in order to support the
ruling oppressive ideology.
so here is the contrast, the other way of considering this: that the
architect who removes themselves from the process of development as an
individual (i.e. human), then revolves around the issue of identity,
awareness, self-conception. issues of governance, models of the state
from individual to group, such that a 'shared identity' (humans) could
be this same individual and may have removed themselves from the
existing treachery, allowed this process of devolution to occur, and
thus the absence of architecture, its truth, then can be made evident,
the lack of culture in those 'representing culture' as stand-ins,
mimics, of a false order and false reality and false perspective
sustained and relied upon for the shallow relations based on another
foundation or set of parameters: say, base materialism, money.
further, 'the architect' may be assumed to thus be one person, one
individual, yet in this way a shared identity can compose this person,
such that the person is human, and as others are also human, they too
are involved in this condition, via shared awareness and values. thus,
a networking of realization or shared state as it were, via whatever
conceptual scaffolding or consciousness is sustained as entablature,
such that wave-collapse does not occur, and the post-and-lintel
connections between here and there are sustained between human beings.
likewise and vitally important, that 'architecture' is a
meta-condition as exampled by ancient conception that ranges beyond
the existing modeling, yet is fragmented and not integrated as a total
discipline in this way. naval architecture is one aspect,
traditionally, though also computer architecture and other areas. the
principles or even code, common structures, and programming (such
that, for instance, music and architecture are closely empirically
related, and essentially everything is, in terms of aesthetics in
terms of its truth and intelligence), then a wider range of activity
may be occuring as 'architecture' than is accounted for, and yet it
may be the truth of its condition, as certain principles are or are
not observed and served. for instance, serving public interest by
having safe water and waste disposal infrastructure versus relying on
toxic systems that despoil the environment, or stewardary of wildlife
and landscape and environments as this relates to weather and
ecosystems or denying these or exploiting them, say with engineering
weather for political manevering and strategy, and to enact certain
development patterns via forced desertification and manipulating
demographic and other flow patterns, as this can become an illegal
basis for creating and sustaining power, off the books, because it is
not included in the observations or analysis, unaccounted for.
further, that any 'architecture' is not at the hand and mind just of
the architect, though in its *implementation*, involving all who are
involved in its development, relying upon a shared awareness and value
system (truth) else subverted in its conception, communication, and
construction, by sabotage or other mistakes, errors, or misalignments
that weaken it. and thus the coherence in the group action to build
something upon a foundation, and how this is achieved, from idea to
its actualization (just like circuitry in technological devices that
then can break in or out of warranty via poor manufacturing or
deceitful practices baked-in).
it is this myth of completely independent action, that the individual
achieves something in its entirely -alone- that is a clean-room
conceptualization of a process that involves many who are part of the
larger process of design, construction, and development, and that this
'functioning together as one' is in some sense 'the architect' in its
larger coherent state, of shared awareness, continuum throughout the
various circuitry that establishes and sustains relations in their
truth, in the shared direction, moving together towards the same
goals. each person having an important role, each part having its own
importance in achieving functioning of the larger integerated whole.
not just as a machine, as a culture, as an idea though further- a
living idea, a living truth that is shared, that governs, principles
that are not merely referred to and referenced as if authority, and
instead, awareness and understanding that is based within and upon
knowing, a way of being or competency that develops in each as a
unique vantage of the common situation, another perspective yet
contributing toward a total perspective, allowing error correction and
greater accuracy than any single viewpoint.
in this way the people who create the materials are part of the
building process, part of the vital development of civilization and
culture, those who construct buildings and systems and develop this
order are vital for its implementation and have feedback and insight
to offer as part of this process, for how given approaches could be
improved or made more economical or with greater strength or
in this way, this coordinated empirical shared effort of many
functioning as one, to include engineers, designers, craftspeople,
tradespeople, workers, manufacturers, technologists, scientists, and
others, including programmers and security developers --- all of these
people are involved in the 'ideas' of architecture, as it is
integrated beyond narrowed boundaries and considered as a larger
conceptual model of how it actually functions, when accounting for its
various and many details and manifestations and dimensions that must
be developed, designed, built, and implemented correctly and
successfully, for the project to have integrity. to be able to endure
over time and function correctly, versus being designed and developed
to fall apart as today via any number of compromises or unshared
goals, lowered principle.
in other words, the potential exists that 'the architect' is in this
larger scale and framework of shared activity amongst many functioning
as one, and that no single person could feasibly be functioning in all
these domains, (unless extraordinary circumstances of all-knowing,
then all truth would be addressed not ignored in the building process,
tending towards utopia).
this is to suggest that 'architecture' could be occurring within a
wide range of realms that are not yet integrated in a larger
conception, conceptualization, or modeling accurately maps to its true
nature and functioning, its inherent interdisciplinary awareness that
integrates into a cohesive understanding spanning these various
domains. and lacking this, the conceit would be that a person could
know more than a tiny fragment of this immensity and alone be able to
shape all of these forces and meld them into a direction as an
individual, because of their truth, instead of having this be an issue
of 'shared identity' of those like who also relate to the situation in
similar dimensions and together can move towards a given direction as
one entity, diverse and multiplicitous yet organized, gaining not
losing coherence- order. and in this way, perhaps a context of entropy
and ideas, likewise, and security issues involved.
(in other words: it is not ungrounded group ego detached from or
ignoring 'truth' that is this shared momentum as development, nor of
an individual that is part of this. such that each pseudo-work is
considered 'the great work' that amounts to mediocrity, if analyzed
further beyond narrowed boundary. instead, of integrity, foundation
common to action, verified and sustained and modeled in its truth, in
service to it, then each point relating to others, lineage from one
structuring to the next, nodes interconnecting within dimensions, this
awareness, then interactions that build upon this stability, this
accurate understanding and modeling, such that it is a common or
shared development, it benefits the whole and the part and each is in
service to the truth of others who are operating within shared
principles, dimensions, and then learning from others, integrating
views, understanding, awareness, evolving a higher capacity and
improving, optimizing functioning, relation, communication, ability to
operate with cohesion yet still error-correct. what are the rules,
logic, truth, reasoning, falsifiability, the ability of debate to lead
to win-win interactions even while in contest because truth benefits
all through its discovery and development, new social dynamics and
understanding and awareness based on this, difficulties faced
betwixt-and-between as the conflict or friction is extreme, working
through the wrong models or moving through the false concepts or
limitations, breaking things down, pain and agony of not knowing or
having limited questioning and then requestioning, losing certainty,
only to regain basic truth and model for any interaction, governance
versus politics, basic versus applied, novice vs. expert, and role of
learning and literacy and basic questions as the place this
functioning occurs, as people move together towards a higher-order or
dimensional integration, over time...)
== sidenote A ==
note: i am not familiar with the indepth reasoning of Rem Koolhaas
related to ~shopping as a cultural activity though to me it cracked a
nut that opens a new universe of analysis about the actual behavior of
people in terms of material culture, social relations, etc. in that it
provides a context for evaluations on par with anthropology and
archeology, of the present situation.
review: The Harvard Design School Guide to Shopping
so this is meant to provide context for the following ideas... that
is, there is more to gain from a commercial advertisement in its
cultural depth than just a monetary transaction. (this moves into the
business page of daily newspapers as a tally of ongoing applied
philosophy, where business philosophy is the presiding worldview, the
shared communication that most effects the transformation and
development of culture- as ideas. (moreso: ideology though, as many
sacred beliefs are unquestionable and most things occur in such rigid
frameworks, ungrounded from external variables and falsifications, so
essentially protected views that can be and are weak structurally,
though within a bubble civilization seem peak insight).
beyond scaling of unchecked materialism and profit-based onesided
exchange (of beliefs) there can be lots going on in the development of
material artifacts, processes, as these effect social relations,
activities, various detailing of or within culture, in given sets of
of the basic situation then of commerce, exchange, things that are
conceived of, invented or extended, -made-, developed into systems
small and large, then of the corresponding ideas attached to them,
that move alongside the movement of artifacts as they located in
culture, and find their place. as if shards of pottery someday to be
unearthed in various geographies that then matches a common culture
across distances and differences, via such evidence.
then to encounter such an advertisement:
DIGITAL MIND, ANALOG SOUL
rel. [video] Elektron announces Analog Four synthesizer
SOS review
what was remarkable to me, having memory issues, is how research into
a drum machine (a related product on the company site) then led to a
graphic about another music tool that went high concept, into a realm
of big ideas and reminded me of the question i repeatedly wonder about
and then forget, once having known the basic situation....
part of the human nervous system is actually digital and part of it is
analog. and to me this is an important fact about the technological
environment people are living within, especially in terms of sensing
and how coupling with external signals and communications or
exfiltration of biological or physiological information could occur,
if not aspects of remote control over the nervous system via these
same means. and yet as shared view or model of humanity to discuss
ongoing oppressive dynamics in worse-case scenarios- non-existent! not
awareness or understanding except within a field of expertise that is
often politicized, such that there are agendas within professions;
political science -> political medicine -> political neurology and the
next thing you know a drone is flyign overhead and the emg-test you
last had forces a twitch in your arm via EM reflex and you drive off
the cliff. do not need to wait for automated cars to steer you off the
road, it can already happen today, if such systems are 'weaponized'.
what is to prevent such dynamics from existing if they are not
accounted for. and thus this is only one aspect, the danger of not
knowing, yet what may be realized if such a model of the
electromagnetic human was understood or part of the conceptualization
of shared relations, part of the intellectual framework that mediates
the world in a sea of toxic signalling, and what is the limit or
boundary for this happening, (the entire education system for
so a non EM-worldview and non-EM humans existing in electromagnetic
civilization as shared context yet believing the self 'outside' this
perspective for analysis and evaluation, having rationalized and
accounted for activity only in non-EM terms and conceptualization.
sounds like the wrong mathematics of zero again. what is the structure
of the human nervous system, how does this digital and-or analog
circuitry relate to issues of infrastructure, wireless communication,
potential frameworks for consciousness, embodiment, being.
(note: in exploring basic electronics, the category of sensors
fascinated me, especially in regard to common features they share,
such as strain, and their often ~analog nature, as well as a principle
of reversibility in functioning, as if of a deeper symbiotic
connection involved)
(what then does it mean for an all-digital computer in terms of
'processing' or reasoning, versus a hybrid system that matches
functionality of nervous system in its dynamic range)
How brains go from digital to analogue
[quote] “We not only saw that nerve impulses are able to send out
signals in an analogue manner, but we also found this could be
perceived by neighbouring nerve cells if located close enough.” The
more closely cells are connected to each other, the more information
can be received from the analogue signal. [unquote]
Brain Communicates in Analog and Digital Modes Simultaneously
[quote] “It’s as if everyone thought communication in the brain was
like a telegraph, but actually it turned out to be more similar to a
telephone,” he said. [unquote]
(note: digital as on/off switch and analog as grey-area switch or gauge)
[video]  IS LIFE ANALOG OR DIGITAL? -- FREEMAN DYSON
note: ANALOG IS MORE POWERFUL THAN DIGITAL
(is information that exists outside a computer analog/digital, is a
non-virtual material_artifact and thus matter_itself analog/digital?
is energy analog and-or digital. in what domain is culture occurring
as consciousness, as communication. ideas. where is crypto, only
[excerpt]  II. Philosophers' Distinctions - II.1 Von Neumann
       "The nervous system is based on two types of communications:
those which do not involve arithmetical formalisms, and those which
do, i.e. communications of orders (logical ones) and communications of
numbers (arithmetical ones). The former may be described as language
proper, the latter as mathematics. (von Neumann, 1958, 80)"
Von Neumann's The Computer and the Brain, written in 1956 and
published in 1958, made the analog/digital distinction relevant to
philosophy by claiming that the logics and mathematics of the central
nervous system, viewed as representational systems, must "structurally
be essentially different from those languages to which our common
experience refers" (1958, 82). He has in mind here both natural
language and binary mathematics. [...]
== sidenote B ==
as with crypto basics and possibilities, it is my belief that the
basic breadboard circuit in its actual dynamics has not been fully
accounted for, in that the relation of charge (+/-) including neutral
or  'ground' is not adequately modeled in accurate terms of existence
and instead a structural skew exists that sends everything into a
particular direction. also with crypto that becomes about mathematic
equations and 'beliefs' about signage, than of other dynamics that
exist in the same realm yet whose dimensions may be unrecognized,
ignored, or without value in a given methodology or approach, while
inherently relevant to the core ideas and cryptologic processes. i do
not think or believe the basic circuit has been figured out, that it
remains a question. that the analog digital aspects of the circuit may
be wrongly modeled or conceptualized in the actual terms they exist -
because LOGIC. because of a binary (and yes, thus 'digital' ideology)
approach that favors a certain rationalization as if universal
reasoning when it breaks down at a given threshold or boundary yet
continues on as a 'belief system' in certain assumptions and views
that can be inaccurate or illusory, if not deceptive, false. when the
dynamics between a basic circuit and model of the atom and thus
molecules in which the identical charge relations exist and provide
momentum -do not align or match up- in terms of how they are conceived
and what is going on with grounding (mathematics of zero), such that
"infinity" is made or modeled as if finite, removed from dynamics,
then the potential that is in the realm of N-value is also removed,
made 'digital' as it were even with analog modeling. and it would seem
so too crypto, 'quantum' processing itself seemingly more analog in
the range of parallelism as basis for computation, as a natural
process of equilibrium even, perhaps. and how much of the multi- or
non-linearity of circuitry, its ecological or ecosystem based ~complex
dynamics similar exist in this as a foundational, fundamental context,
firstly, before the digital even develops as a simple on/off switch,
then to represent and model _everything in that reductionist
framework, and claim its signage to represent all that is.
(without accurate logical accounting can such modeling be accurate in
its grounded truth, if this truth is unrecognized or unreferenced
beyond binary biasing and distortion (digital worldview?). how much of
observation is contained or trapped within its warping(etc);)
maybe thinking is not up-to-speed with material interactions, a gap
between models and reality, yet beliefs in accurate representations
that are limiting, based on misconceptions. thus, remove logic
(empirical and error-corrected grounded reasoning) and
electromagnetism, and try conceptualizing computers and crypto in that
context and see what happens. this.
computers are based on _logic, yet a particular kind that is warped
and ideological and is in error as a neutral observational viewpoint.
developing this bias as technological worldview is then enshrining a
false empiricism and vault of the 'digital sky' as consciousness when
it acts and functions against actual consciousness in its ungrounded,
unchecked state, as if 'being' itself. exploitation of this condition
(a kind of magic, sorcercy) tending towards evil as it moves further
and further away from truth and serves and extends the false approach,
what is essentially a shared lie if facts and truth are ignored,
censored, etc. total power, control over a developing system that at
its core is based on error. here, morality, ethics, absence of law
that upholds the false framework as it is institutionalized,
"believed" via leap of faith, ignoring the gap, denying the gap, for
all the material rewards it can yield to its developers. unchecked of
course, forbid from error correction. the representation replacing
reality. the sign becoming truth, that detachment, ungrounded
condition. just like circuit & adam.
(also: quantum computer of people, shared consciousness in parallel
empirical evaluation)
== random ==
1. if prohibition of alcohol = control of speech, as a side-effect,
via behavioral influence, that is, sobriety; what is prohibition of
crypto? control of controversial thoughts and connections, an indirect
form of secondary censorship. Fahrenheit 451 tactics- actual crypto
the fire.
2. if everything is backdoored already, essentially key escrow exists
as the basic situation, instead of having private keys the NSA has a
master key per standard, implementation, other. if this was inside a
known legal framework, that perhaps would be tolerable with oversight,
yet without oversight where tyranny takes over, then everything is
pawned/owned by NSA who could forcibly censor without consequence as
part of a hidden political strategy, etc.
(all tools broken so a crypto scheme can function, leading to all
tools remotely breakable?)
3. question of literature as applied cryptography in
linguistic/typographic model, and also cryptology in decryption
approaches to embedded codes and ciphers, yet perhaps not a strategy
for encryption within ordinary bounded means and measures. are there
in this way two or more distinct approaches, only one that finds
itself in the parameters of computer encryption/decryption as modeled,
and the others reside in a realm of data mining and other statistical
correlations that may function in a realm of cryptanalysis and-or
code-breaking though using different tools and approaches than strong
encryption that currently reigns.
4. is there a unified crypto scheme or is it fragmented and does not
recognize itself in the mirror as its own 'whole' self due to a limit
for this structural-conceptual integration. in this way could
cryptography be schizoid in having two or more parallel systems,
disconnected strategies that function outside boundaries of the other,
and may remain unrecognized. that is, literature/language/linguistics
as crypto versus mathematic encrypt/decrypt schemes, each having their
own ecosystems and boundaries, paths that may never cross or meet
within the given parameters or dimensions as evaluated by the other,
or may exist as unbroken ciphers within other ciphers, encrypted code
within decrypted communications that remains unrecognized due to this
unrelated, ungrounded condition between them.
5. in this way could having 'answers' at the ready (GOTO 2) then
provide confirmational bias that a correct decrypt has been achieved
within a limited view that then becomes foundation for a false
perspective, represented by mathematics. and may a particular
rationalization (GOTO 1) that is enforced as if objectivity defined,
then become the basis for an illusion of mastery or control over
limited dimensionality and observational frameworks, themselves
becoming the basis for an insecure crypto framework (see 1). in other
words, without or banning abberations, then leading to a false
condition of certainty by containing what is or may be uncontainable,
making finite the infinite question and potential parameters into a
'small world'(model); ineffective at best in accounting for actual
crypto, operating.
6. does a hybrid crypto approach exist that remains unrecognized,
whereby both a linguistic even 'literature-based' crypto could exist
alongside mathematical encryption techniques yet remain unrecognized
in the "official" institutional model of cryptography, perhaps even
with a missing cryptological foundation or background, that limits a
realm of computer crypto to a narrow investigation of algorithms and
security inside a bounded, finite domain? (see 3/645)
[image]  A 47-Year-Old Prediction Comes True //  via hh
Keeping the lights on: Mechanical engineer
finds a way to predict cascading power outages
"Each individual component does not know what the collective state of
affairs is," said Mezic. Current methods rely on a steady, abundant
supply, producing enough energy to flow through the grid at all times,
regardless of demand, he explained. However, should part of a grid
already operating at capacity fail—say in times of disaster, attack or
malfunction—widespread blackouts all over the system can occur.
"Everybody shuts down," Mezic said. The big surges of power left
unregulated by the malfunctioning component can either overload and
burn out other parts of the grid, or cause them to shut down to avoid
damage, he explained. The result is a massive power outage and
subsequent economic and physical damage. The Northeast Blackout of
2003 was one such event, affecting several U.S. states and part of
Canada, crippling transportation, communication and industry.
{educational fair-use of copyright, 2013}
1/-12  -12/18   9/2

@_date: 2013-12-14 17:02:01
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: c4-r3kN.txt (urls) 
References: == random ==
this observation arose from a recent conversation about influence
of alcohol on behavior and mood. where someone who drinks can
say things that they otherwise may not, and in this way a given
viewpoint may have a deeper grounding in the emotions that are
not being accounted for, and could be realized or accessed when
decompressing or reaching equilibrium in another phase or state
of awareness, via inebriation. the role of legal & illegal substances
in relation to edge of insight and cultural development likewise.
thus the aberrant statement or communication that may occur
via this communication is not necessarily less truth, only that
it may not be acknowledged or accounted for in the given view
or modeling. thus, a kind of equilibrium or balancing of forces,
or equalization across parameters known and unknown, those
documented and hidden, via inebriation. for instance, anger if
it arises when drinking and hidden rage. or following ideology
and then when inebriated a person letting down their guard &
speaking their mind, etc. in this way, truth and ideas that may
not fit in the given model. and how this could be an influence
upon culture and conformity if removed and this unwitting or
known feedback does not occur, and a rigid view is upheld
as the cultural standard, instead. where this balancing of
forces may not take place due to its prohibition, even, as
this could advantage those managing skewed modeling
and using it to enforce a given approach, and limit any
alternatives because it does not fit inside the mindset
or belief system, and cannot be questioned beyond this.
in this way, sobriety is equated with a higher knowing or
state of being, potentially, seeing more clearly, when if
in its position it is bounded or limited, these areas of
previous feedback would essentially be outlawed and
not addressed, or set up a schizoid state of relation
by denying other dimensions or relations or dynamics,
as if everything is contained with a rationalization even,
versus breaking-through that boundary into chaos and-
or the unknown, or challenging beliefs about what truth
is and where control originates in the cosmic context.
in that there is a limit to what can be determined via
reductionism, though no limit to the belief of this,
which can stand uncorrected, opposed to truth and
greater evidence than what is allowed or sanctioned.
leading to this...
i understand the different interpretation, and did not
adequately define the analogy, well enough to be make
the correlation clear enough. in the book by Ray Bradbury
it is the truth and ideas in the medium of the book that are
at issue, not just books but their use as a transmission of
beliefs, of alternative (non-sober) principles that challenge
the ruling order that seeks to extinguish this otherness
that is essentially culture itself, knowledge, reality. that
is the basis for control over people and the civilization.
what this extends into further in a cryptography context
is that 'crypto' itself may be outlawed like books, not for
technical means to communicate, but because what is
communicated could be _secret and not controllable by
those who seek total control over what occurs in society.
thus truth, another viewpoint shared by people, especially
if counter to corrupt government, could be this fire held in
the container of crypto, and if it is broken by default and-or
corrupted by design, this other viewpoint could never develop
beyond a given set of parameters because those who think
differently are seen as and believed to be 'the enemy' within
a state that has become rogue and functions against its
own people, in order to forever secure its power over them.
in other words: ideas, truth, shared reasoning is the danger,
and if it cannot be safely exchanged without consequence,
losing your job or career or having ideas disallowed and thus
trading in bad thoughts, as if drunken ramblings even, then
through this prohibition of ideas and thinking, as it relates
to grand inquisitor like auditing of any private domains and
whatever "secrets" people may be sharing, then could be
equivalent to peering into the war plans of the enemy and
all of this could be mapped out into a strategy that seeks
to eliminate this risk of unknowns, to uphold empowered
and extending rationalization within a particular system
of belief that aligns with private politics and corruption,
state of hidden dictatorship, and engineering failure so
to sustain the corrupt works as enterprise planning.
in other words, no crypto, no protected boundary for
freedom of expression or freedom of thought/speech,
communication, or practice of religion even, without
hidden judge, jury, potentially executioner via NSA
and others who are like the monster under the bed,
though inside computers, minds, communications.
where did they get the right to enforce and defend
mediocrity, to pursue and extinguish truth that does
not fit into or is opposed to the ruling political ideology,
and to not have any oversight and be given carte blanche
to pursue a political agenda against citizens, a lawless
agenda that is actively oppressing people in civilization,
and seeks to uphold and enforce an unreal, antihuman
viewpoint that is based on subjugation and exploitation.
i mean if the NSA was going around abusing children
and connected with pedophile networks and seeking
to blacklist and exploit people based on porn habits
or enforcing a no-masturbation rule by "government",
that would be a pretty important insider story, no?
those are the politics also involved in these questions,
the kind of substitute culture that can at once uphold
an unrealistic worldview only to use this for exploitation.
that is what happens in situations of corruption, and in
situations of total corruption, it is institutionalized and
made mainstream yet cannot be communicated about.
so if the crypto is non-existent, so too is such reality.
anyone who starts to think can be persecuted by the
criminals and taken down in isolation, and framed as
if just another sinner via the inside-subversion. that is
how books with another viewpoint can offer perspective
otherwise outlawed, so too working cryptography that
cannot be decrypted. without it, shooting fish in a barrel.
i vote those who work at NSA should be made to wear
helmets and uniforms, and wear big 'key' medallions
around their necks, so we know we are totally owned.
(not sure which way the rubber hose prop should go,
if firehose or perhaps each wearing condom bandoleer)
NSA is watching you masturbate!
(the new WPA posters for the sterilized asexual set)

@_date: 2013-12-17 13:02:27
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: corektion (re:c4-r3kN.txt (urls)) 
additional correction/repair of perspective anomalies and errors...
.// further CORRECTION: once again clarification is needed regarding a
previous statement. this is both due to my own limits in
conceptualization and writing and also problems of language, when it
is extremely difficult to encompass all possible cases in a general
view without having contradictions. in my latest errored statement,
the mistaken view is quite large and so must be countered with more
information. i do not have the particular language nor have i
developed the understanding or framework for these dynamics as of yet,
so wrote into a realm or beyond a structure already developed and thus
encountering significant failures in approach. i.e. stating that
'concrete is only a detail' in architecture. the problem is that this
is not true in some situations, and also the word/concept 'detail' is
not the correct word for what i am trying to describe though i am not
sure what a better word would be, feature or substructure or element
or component or structure yet none of these likewise fit either.
though of course there are many who could better state the same ideas
within an improved POV with more accuracy and much more insight and
more knowledge of the issues involved.
so my approach is limited. the language also. and i equate it to is
the following mistaken viewpoint about concrete in architecture, in
special cases:  it is to assume that the sand is only a detail of the
beach. and this is largely false. it _is the beach, or a major or
significant element along with sky and water and wind and waves. it is
a major component, not minor.
and yet in most architecture the concrete involved does not take
center stage, it is another component, so it tends towards a larger
assemblage of components functioning together and is not the main
event. many times concrete is dressed by other facing materials,
skins, that shield it from the weather and provide a different facade
than CMU or precast panels and yet there are also buildings that are
just CMUs and precast walls and-or floors/ceilings. though their
significance in terms of the total building may still remain that of a
quasi-detail or more minor component or insignificant beyond just
being a barrier or boundary, such that the language may not be
explored or developed or insightful and may have inert presence, such
that it is more about 'nothing' than 'being'. say an industrial
warehouse with no windows and a simple door on an exterior that is
otherwise all concrete, with a company logo as sign.
perhaps this is not just a detail though it is also not going beyond
certain dimensionality in its functioning, it is basic and not
necessarily interwoven into other themes beyond utility, such that it
provides structure or boundary, security, enclosure, perhaps texture,
color, scale. it may be unwise to compare it straight away with a CPU
enclosure, as it relates to what is inside the box, though to some
extent this can be a disconnection or simple boundary that is already
defined in its functioning in many ways, by default, unless explored
further. and thus building is often differentiated from architecture
as it does not have this additional layer or level of investigation,
inquiry, innovation, questioning of parameters, function, beyond this.
so in some sense it is a big SIN to not have remembered epic examples
to the contrary where concrete cannot be said to be just another
element or, again wrong-worded, only a detail, as this warps its
contribution and conceptual potential that has been explored (most
notably by Le Corbusier and others). a few examples to provide
Notre Dame du Haut
[images] this chapel by Le Corbusier located in Ronchamp, France, is singularly
in concrete, it defied the existing conceptualization of how the
material could be used and likely still does. it is the determiner of
many architectural dimensions, space, massing, light, enclosure,
walls/ceiling, roof, and if memory serves the massive roof appears to
float when inside, even though made of massive concrete. thus the
gravity of the material has been reverse or inverted. this is the
height of aesthetic mastery, the language of architecture through the
medium of concrete. and more, the use of a ship analogy and metaphor,
its significance in architecture, rendered in concrete as the roof. it
is assumed also medieval fortifications which used to have walls of
several feet thick were related to concrete thickness, when such walls
were once foundation and required to be this thick, which continued
into tall buildings such as skyscrapers when supporting several floors
above them, prior to steel and concrete construction. so perhaps those
(correctly stated) details of windows refer to that earlier language
or pattern. further, there was innovation with formwork such that
textures on the formwork would transfer onto the set concrete forms,
thus revealing wood on its surface, as part of a new technique that
was developed by Le Corbusier. and so this refutes any notion of
concrete only as detail. it is the defining feature across many
dimensions and structures, it almost singularly defines the building
beyond its stained glass and wooden pews. completely captivating in
its essence, and this essence is concrete. and it is a deep
connection, deep awareness, grounding within the material as it is
made into form and functions within a myriad of different parameters.
(also, this built organic form (1954) in relation to sculpture...)
Brancusi sculpture Bird in Space (1930-40) or other
consider then another structure...
Sydney Opera House
it is iconic for its form, resembling billowing sails made of precast
concrete. having visited neither of these structures, it appears
likewise a majority of the building exterior consists of precast
concrete panels. thus another example that 'concrete is not just a
detail', which in these cases is an absurd and ignorant viewpoint,
when universalized. it is the major or prime structural component
though also the basis for conceptualization, the medium that is relied
upon and explored to express or develop such a unique language of
form, based upon the specific and unique properties of concrete in its
various techniques and approaches, many of which are invented by
architects for buildings and have never been built before. thus this
is a realm of large-scale experimentation, the limits of construction,
and daring work even.
it should be noted that recently i encountered a reference to this
building which said how beautiful it was on the outside as a concert
hall, yet the acoustics on the inside are or were horrible, and thus
the building aesthetics and its interior programmatic functionality
were not matched- though this is also why acoustic engineering exists,
which can often optimize a space in such scenarios. the difference
here is that buildings in the past, when having a main function like
'music hall' or 'opera house' were designed around acoustic properties
firstly, if not mistaken. and this is not about chance, how sound
exists in a given space in terms of its size, shape, proportion,
materiality, etc. and thus the outside-in approach, versus inside-out
approach, and how this can conflict perhaps most especially in terms
of the present day where 'image-based' buildings have their external
form as the main development or feature and functionality is presumed
to default to a usable correlated equivalency, yet can also be
hollowed out of meaning, superficial, merely about the surface and not
insightful in other realms or other substructures or components. a bit
like a building that is masquerading, and appears one way yet under
the mask is another way. like fancy aesthetic structures that are
miserable to be inside or just mediocre, yet praised for their looks
or drama, yet less livable or even dysfunctional or needy, requiring
high-maintenance, concessions by its occupants, which is its own type
of lost economy or friction that indicates peculiar approaches,
it is hard to convey how central aesthetics are to knowledge yet when
removed of its role as a grounding of philosophy, of shared belief and
truth, values, knowledge, as materialized, it then can become detached
and move into a realm of relativistic babble, greater accounting does
not take place, and images can be deceiving, illusion or manipulations
of the senses.
another realm of 'concrete is more than detail' it is
conceptualization itself is within the realm of Brutalism, a
particular movement or style in architecture...
Brutalist architecture
as should be obvious, my observations are only limited and there are
people with vast understanding who have researched these issues and
who have expertise, though some of this also is intuitive, from living
in civilization and environments where such buildings exist and define
a space, within given parameters. and I have a fondness for a local
example, at least in its appearance, which tends towards fortification
though has also been evaluated as a response to student unrest on
college campuses, an embodiment of the fortification of the
educational system against students and populations, visible in
aesthetics of built form.
Boston City Hall
so in the history books i read that defined a particular shared
consciosuness, this building is one of the main examples. and it is
implicitly 'concrete' in more than detail, it is seemingly in its
conceptual entirety, in that it melds what is material also with the
mental awareness of concrete as metaphor or analogy, as if anchoring
something into the ground, making an idea it into a tangible truth,
via securing of spatial-order vis a vis security or fortress, or
whatever. in that an underlying realm of hostility and unrest or a
different mapping of experience may better be realized or understood
in these more stark forms and encounters, as if the realm of
ubiquitous surveillence maps more readily into these aesthetics even,
then those buildings of high gloss, shiny distracting objects. in
other words, you could probably use this building for military
purposes even, or some such structures, because of their more
fortified nature than all-glass facades, and a more primal or
primitive relation could be established, more natural perhaps with the
social Darwinist/Spencerian survival of the fittest dynamics, if not
even towards a Planet of the Apes retro-futurism of some kind. again,
concrete here is more than the material, it is a larger connected
essence and its language is developed in depth.
Rarig Center for performing arts at U of Minnesota (local example)
so there is a difference in how a medium develops, in what terms and
parameters, what ideas are explored and what conceptualization is
involved. it can be contained, and thus a material could exist only as
a detail in some or many circumstances, yet in others it could become
a major or main event and take on a primary role, and become a realm
of peak inquiry and innovation. this both in terms of language and
geometry/mathematics, of structures and aesthetics, as it relates to
concepts, patterns. or it could be unquestioned and an issue of
utility, relied upon to do once again what has been provably done
before within given parameters. yet to describe all of this dynamic
range within linear strings is impossible and arbitrary, because it is
far more involved, and requires clarification for each and every error
or misconception and thus words words words to seek to repair faulty
frameworks and reasoning that is limited, bounded, to particular
constraints or points of views, etc. and thus this condition of
language could itself be the gap or mismatch with the issues of
existence, the impossibility of accurately relating to what is going
on in its ubiquity and depth within the parameters it exists within,
without being trapped in warped, distorted, and biased if not untrue
or only partially-true statements that then function as communication,
there appears no way to fix this within linear language itself. this
as it relates to code and to programming likewise. it is a trap, ideas
and concepts cannot be empirically developed within words to a degree
of fidelity required to attain 1:1 conceptual models. thus, also,
software ever disconnected from what it seeks to represent in these
same scenarios.
it is the artificial and misleading, false 'nature of things', this
language-based communication about events and seeking to model events
within signs that are linearly described, looped, versus within
molecular dimensional structures - circuits - that can actually
account for all components, elements, details and events in whatever
degree and fidelity they may exist.
one stray example arises repeatedly in my mind about the nature of
architecture as it has become detached from a larger accounting and as
this relates to core principles. it used to be a goal to have a
structure last, to endure over time, as part of the goal. today
instead planned obsolence has taken hold so buildings may stand for
only 30 years before being demolished. consider this in terms of how
it influences design, what issues are addressed and ignored, and how
much material is wasted to continue such an inefficent process that
also stands-in for development as an engine, process, or flow of
activity that circulates money around. in that it is a circuit, how
this functions.
no doubt there is aesthetic beauty in many buildings though what it
often hides is that other issues are being ignored (such as
environment, planning, social relations) and architecture can just be
about the image. perhaps like those apps that can be easily created by
putting various parts together, throwing an interface on a given
structure, yet that is not innovating beyond a particular level of
inquiry or set of relations, which then become bounded, limiting.
the following observation is not to question the legitimacy of
approach for the building in its functioning, which is built like
others by star architects all around the globe. so it is not to single
it out as an example, though it provides a case in point regarding
certain values that are taught of in school that in practice are
seemingly no longer of significant importance...
consider the birds nest stadium built for the 2008 Summer Olympics...
Beijing National Stadium
while of great beauty, there is also great dismay at the material
design involved due to issues of economy. in school they teach you of
surface area, how this relates to heating and cooling of a structure,
and how each and every joint or connection is a potential weakness,
whether for water or rust or expansion/contraction failures from
stress and strain, including between different or particular
materials. how a building is put together and funcdtions over time.
that this is part of its success or failure.
and my immediate thought or reaction really upon seeing this 'visual
structure' was the known extreme maintenance it would require over
time, in having to maintain/upkeep the 'visual structure' via
presumably paint and-or rust protection, for each angled connection
and joint and surface. perhaps it will not rust, perhaps it requires
no painting. yet if it does it is certainly non-trivial as to the way
the building functions over time. unless like most stadiums these
days, it is destroyed after 30 years time.
(in some way the detachment from larger considerations allows this
narrow 'design development' to take place in architecture, it is in
some significant way a form of luxury, yet detached from
responsibility, afforded by ignoring other vital aspects, decadent or
based in excess, disregard for economy beyond economics, as if
architecture is financialization writ large even. the embodiment of a
business philosophy detached from the surface of the earth in its
actual truthful accounting and functioning instead within parameters
of a fairy tale that is never spoken against, to sustain the illusion
or delusion that aesthetics can be primary without also securing their
foundation, connecting it with deeper truth. instead it can be
shallow, hollow, or unsteady, and may not withstand the momentums of
culture as it continues to advance or stall out over time. there is
something of a treachery involved in 'image-analysis' that lacks a
larger framework for its evaluation, and yet this has become the
guiding 'philosophy' of architecture likewise, to which students must
kneel down before such ideas as if of superior nature and awareness
versus cutting corners and in effect, cheating the discipline of its
integrity and substituting it with a lesser set of goals and ideals
that tend towards the profane instead.)
in some ways it seems that code can be like this also. that there can
be structures that are difficult to maintain or upkeep yet are
developed in a way that there is no way to sustain them over time.
tens of millions of lines of code say, that cannot simply be renovated
or simply tweaked or fixed up. it appears almost as if a prevailing
ethos of development both online and offline, in software, hardware,
and material development, processes and procedures as this maps to
business, social relations, and how knowledge exists and moves into a
particular direction, as if a kind of momentum or flow within a given
circuit whose parameters best or most optimally function in this way,
yet may not add up to more over time, and more require a limited or
bounded relation or condition for their existence. in that this
interaction or limited engagement is the nature of the material so
conceived, considered and that another system or material approach may
be required to develop other options that are not preconceived or
pre-wired into the existing approaches and "economical" methods that
can lack the foundation needed to develop cohension in other areas,
shared realms of inquiry, larger modeling or conceptualization beyond
the finite, separate, iconic isolation that becomes based and reliant
upon principles that may function against larger, longer goals, simply
by using existing approaches that have ideological functioning
niner  double  exo

@_date: 2013-12-18 13:15:43
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: patterns & tracks (urls) 
comment: so here in the Great White North, one year all of the sudden
many people on local television were complaining about the fact that
there is snow in Minnesota. i had never heard anyone in my life
complain about snow in Minnesota, as if it was a negative event. who
are these people? when did the population get replaced? - and it
seemed that another kind of person now existed in the area who was
fundamentally not from here else did not belong, and hopefully finds a
place they like better. rather than stand in snow complaining about
so take an event X that has certain functioning and variables, that
could even be its nature, what makes it what it is (X).  thus, X=snow.
and then consider a place (MN) as being invariably tied to this
condition, such that MN=X within a certain range of parameters, say
and for many, as long as they have shelter, warm clothes and boots, it
can be an enjoyable time. if not, you may not survive. though snow and
winter have profound aesthetic value as a transformation from what is
known into another realization and understanding of the same place,
within differing parameters (light, color, temperature, clothing,
transportation, etc). so living in the north can be an education in
itself, knowing about winter, learning from it.
the larger situation is repeated elsewhere. in particular, in
educational contexts that have also migrated online as a type of
disapproval of certain natural functioning and awareness. most
notably, discussion groups online where a given [topic] will then have
limits placed upon its exploration, even though inquiries may fall
squarely within a given domain. and to this my response is similar:
who are these people, where did they come from?
for instance, the basic principles of [disciplines] such as
architecture can be censored in discussion or other areas (cultural,
technological) because it falls outside the artificial lines or
boundaries so conceived by a given ~managing population. such that
'the ideas' cannot be discussed, in their natural habitat, which
instead relies upon a definition of a place such that: place=not-X. or
in other words: topic = not-topic. insofar as it challenges a given
ideological boundary. and this can be as unnatural as believing 'snow
is bad' in Minnesota- fundamentally unnatural as a viewpoint. yet so
too, 'architecture is bad' for architecture, and onward. 'security is
bad for security' etc.
and perhaps this is evident in boundaries that are upheld and
constructed, maintained, such that certain issues and ideas cannot be
discussed due to enforcement of limits, and these may not have
anything to do with secrecy via NDA and instead, of wrong ideas and
thinking that challenge the status quo interpretation and belief
system (religion as state, essentially), yet that substitutes a
condition of truth with another, a pseudo-version that is fake, unreal
by comparison, and yet upheld as the basis for relation and exchange.
in that, having a negative view of snow in Minnesota, at least for me
and those i have known, is going against what makes this place what it
is, in its depth and connection with the area. and viewing 'ideas' as
negative that have this connection with a given topic or
understanding, likewise, unnatural and out-of-place. indicative of
other dissonance, ungrounded relations. to forbid 'ideas' of crypto
within discussion of cryptography, poo-pooing it, for instance, would
be an interesting realm to consider for how deep this disconnection
could go, thus revealing a surface relation or deception reliant upon
the not-X condition to sustain itself, or in this case, the need for
insecurity, obscurity, unknowing, disconnection, as vital to the ruse.
all such betrayels of truth reveal themselves in how truth is related
to, observed or ignored.
consider in this context, then, how might the government ever combat
issues of 'cyberspace' if its relation with electromagnetism was never
allowed to be established; such that:
     cyberspace = not-EM
on NSA interview on 60 minutes: it was stated that the interconnection
between various computer analysis systems (metadata) was needed to get
the 'whole picture', in that it is necessary to engage the situation
at the scale it exists. without this, conceptual blindness due to
limits or boundaries that prevent greater understanding of how things
now consider an entire university system, education system down to
gradeschool, that is forbidden from uniting its metadata beyond
compartmented views. that is essentially the condition today that
enforces illiteracy and makes it impossible to reason about advanced
situations beyond finite language games:
      culture = not-EM
everything that is connected via electromagnetism, and
interdisciplinary via shared structure and order of truth, is denied
by its lack of inclusion, allowance, and validation by authority - and
get this: on the basis for superior (private) belief based upon what
amounts to religious opinion, that instead censors truth so that this
wider viewpoint cannot be established. leave it up to some girls in
gradeschool to challenge the paradigm on a science project, the very
situation that cannot be addressed through reason otherwise, due to
issues of power.
the NSA gets its integrated metadata. the citizens and education
system does not. this is to include EMF hazards and electropollution
in relation to telecoms and telephony, etc. what about metadata of
[this] connected with contradictory data of [that], working all of it
--:--: correlations :--:--
[video] Start-stop traffic helps penguin huddles grow
Outdoor Action Guide to Animal Tracking
Outdoor Action Animal Tracking Cards
note: irony of shtml; could see augmented reality apps helpful to
snapshot tracks, then database search and output hypotheses,
could be useful for mass inventorying by park rangers else a
SETI-like wildlife census by people in their local vicinities
where people can volunteer data for others research studies
rel. [image] snow music
A story written in the snow...
Another story written in the snow  / (not-pc)
God particle signal is simulated as sound  / via hh
note: first sample gives glass harmonica a run for its currency;
the second sample adds thunder tube in with harmonium;
third sample as if Laurie Spiegel electronic music composition
Non-transitive dice
bit (digital/binary)
weighting, sliding-scale, gradient/strain-gage (analog) in context of loop
--- (my naive questioning) ---
is crypto used for online communications modeled in
conceptual 'flatland' or flat earth scenario,
how do the relational approaches exist dimensionally
or are the relations based on 2d dynamics and flow patterns
to what extent are _diagrams of relational exchange flattened
into a single layer or approach even while having various
features and different functionality (hierarchical nested sets)
could there be a conceptual limit or fixed approach that
starts considerations and modeling of dynamics in a given
domain/mindset and never leaves or goes beyond/outside it
[video] The Cyrus Cylinder: An Artifact Ahead of Its Time - {This relic
from ancient Persia had a profound influence on the Founding Fathers)
The Monolithic Sculptures of Data Viz Whiz Edward Tufte
Snowden: NSA's indiscriminate spying 'collapsing'  / via drudgereport
[quote] "There is a huge difference between legal programs, legitimate
spying ... and these programs of dragnet mass surveillance that put
entire populations under an all-seeing eye and save copies forever,"
he wrote. "These programs were never about terrorism: they're about
economic spying, social control, and diplomatic manipulation. They're
about power." [unquote]
--- electromagnetism & culture ---
It’s a Man’s World, And It Always Will Be  / via drudgereport
[quote]  Over the past century, it was labor-saving appliances,
invented by men and spread by capitalism, that liberated women from
daily drudgery. [unquote]
note: there is a tremendous story in electrification of household
and city that someday should become general knowledge because
there is a lot to learn about technology, social relations, culture
through greater understanding of the daily inhabited environment;
(the book Electrifying America by David E. Nye is one such account)
for instance, you could take any appliance or artifact and map it out,
back to previous dynamics, say a ice box compared to e-refrigerator,
or iron heated on fire to electric iron, its relation to laundry room of
washing machine and dryer. how these effected social roles, etc.
e.g. electrical desk light, radio, computer, home alarm systems.
note also: importance of certain items connected to ecosystems,
say alarm system with external security monitoring and police. the
relations be mapped out via typology: tools, buildings, and systems.
in architecture a big event was the geometric relation in the kitchen
between sink, refrigerator and stove in a triangular arrangement...
Kitchen work triangle
it should also be mentioned that this type of 'feedback' is potentially
possible and valuable in any work or routine process, where it could
function in more or less efficient or effective ways. and this can be
connected to individual lives or managerial issues within companies
that either allow for such local perspective or seek a top-down model
where the viewpoint and ideas only originate from a given vantage,
and this could distinguish an intelligent and adaptive organization
from a rigid approach that is stuck in time and ultimately overtaken
by others innovation- thus relation of processes and functioning
with business philosophy, application of principles, their mediation
that can have economic, social, political effects, un-shared beliefs, &c.
(for instance, a worker in a production process has insight into how it
is and is not effective and can offer feedback for tweaks, improvement
or not allowing this and having that inefficiency/ineffectiveness built-in
and then normalized, including as relational ideology, that can limit the
engagement with the situation or force disengagement, detachment.
in other word, testable hypotheses of flow and routine functioning or
are these unquestioned and enforced to uphold given social relation)
likewise, what may appear only commonsense today - having enough
room to maneuver in the kitchen and use appliances effectively - can
extend as a conceptual question into the present and future day, such
as how the pantry, kitchen, and e-commerce in an automated scenario.
this was part of the idea for the Asperger Management System (AMS),
whereby a home computer system (data furnace) would use A.I. to bid
on restocking pantry, perhaps even in a financial market sense, where
'group bids' for a local community could exist to purchase wholesale,
and so an exchange could develop and suppliers to fill the contracts.
this would then integrate the 'intelligent refrigerator' with pantry,
and then have an A.I. data furnace device manage routine orders,
based on patterns that could include weather, past price history.
and of course a dwelling would need a way to store/allow packages
when people are away from home, to allow deliveries at any time.
note here the vital role of both encryption and security protocols.
(this leading to how existing courier/shipping services function, in
that people can wait all day for an e-commerce shipment to arrive
when instead an e-commerce portal or secure drop box could exist,
and before that, wireless updates when a driver is on their way to
a destination, providing a 30 minute window or lead-time vs. 8 hrs
via wi-fi and network-based updates of when a package may arrive)
Make a contact mic with baking soda and cream of tartar
What If You Could See Your Cellular Network? // via hh
note: this is cellular network only, apparently. now imagine many
if not most online/broadband households having wi-fi turned on,
whether or not in use, HDTVs, printers, audio gear, computers,
routers, at the level of the household. would be interesting to
know # of wi-fi device per, as statistical average then extrapolate.
(great that engineers involved in this art-research visualization)
now what if with GIS and GPS every antenna lease could be mapped
into grid and antenna/radiation patterns mapped locally. such as:
look at schoolkids environment, top floors of apartments, etc.
this information should be open to the public and 3d visualized
"I don't believe in colleges and universities" - updated
[*thing is, if you are not a phone talker, a mobile phone makes little sense
especially if main use would be mobile data, which is made so economically
infeasible, so hostile to lookup of data, the hurdles to just sustain massive
locked-in access prior to any data, removes value of info or turns it into an
extreme luxury only elites can access beyond chained to wi-fi providers,
which is yet another service provider reduplicating access, only for mobile
and only in limited zones, at least in this area. then again: EMF POLLUTION.
basically there is tremendous downside to the entire scheme for citizens,
they get irradiated, swamped by harmful EMFs, yet access is uncorrelated
to this ubiquitous hierarchical covering of the landscape, no useful signals]
[image] "Cross sea" and "cross swell"
--- ze kollider funktion ---
[image]  R. Crumb's A Short History of America  (original)
[image]  Special report: G2 in Crumbland

@_date: 2013-12-19 14:17:59
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: PVDF and you - (01) 
so i have been researching PVDF piezo film sensors
via a technical manual [0] and there is a lot here that
may be of potential interest in terms of its applications,
[1] especially its use in security systems and to prevent
tampering, and energy harvesting, in addition to other
areas where its unique functionality could be explored.
what follows, a series of short posts about this material...
0a. Measurement Specialties PVDF technical manual (PDF)
0b. technical manual with Appendix of piezo film articles
1. Measurement Specialties Piezo Film Product Guide
so PVDF is 'piezo film' that has unique properties and
capabilities. while i know little of functional electronics,
it is said to be a capacitor that stores and discharges
high voltage energy. like a piezo disk it picks up the
vibrational energy due to structural deformation that
then generates or moves charge in response to this.
the application i recently first encountered it was with
'contact microphones' - where it was stated that these
PVDF film tab mics record the vibrations as sound input
rather than acoustic pressure of condenser and dynamic
capsule microphones reliant on soundwaves moving the air.
so the distinction is that this piezo film can function as
a recording input or SENSOR though by registering the
vibrations on the surface of a material. what is more, it
also detects temperature differences and thus can be
employed as a sensor this way as well, which i did not
realize was possible nor expect for a 'microphone'.
the PVDF film apparently is already used in security
applications within computers, if not crypto systems
protected from tampering, via vibration sensing that
triggers lock down or equipment destruction based
upon monitoring of piezo film signals at perimeter.
PVDF film for Tamper-Proofing, Security (white paper)
(interesting likewise is use of piezo coaxial cable for
perimeter security, strung on fencing as a microphone
and also buried underground, which then can register &
record raindrops, footsteps, people climbing fence, etc.)
to be continued: ideas and observations about PVDF...
spatter glass, azimuth circle, rift zone

@_date: 2013-12-19 15:31:24
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: energy harvesting via PVDF - (02) 
okay, so the big surprise for me was that this piezo film
technology lines up directly with an energy harvesting
article from a recent (urls) list. excerpted again below:

@_date: 2013-12-19 16:34:01
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: PVDF as antenna - (03) 
from this vantage of not-knowing, and having experimented
some with breadboards and the Parallax Basic Stamp
microcontroller platform, it would again seem possible
that if the PVDF were conceptualized as an antenna that
when it is geometrically aligned does not just access a
realm of signals, and instead, this signal is itself energy
that correlates directly with a capturing of voltage within
the piezo film as capacitor, such that an 'energy antenna'
exists and perhaps this is the basis of energy harvesting,
though seemingly is bounded by how it is implemented.
in that its application appears to be requiring mechanical
energy, affixed to a surface which bends the material as
the basis for vibration, than tuning into a frequency that
is detached from the sensor and yet resonates it via the
correspondence and alignment of shared tuning (A=A),
and in this way motivates charge within a larger circuit.
so there are whitepapers that exist about self-sustaining
circuits based on PVDF and microcontrollers [0] and yet
nothing in this other realm about the 'global AC circuit' [1]
as this could also influence movement of the antenna in a
framework beyond that of sidewalks and HVAC vibrations.
in that atmospheric electricity and the earth-ionosphere
cavity [2] have fundamental relation to EM technologies
thus, stating the obvious in an expanded view beyond
that of a compartmentalized realm, this condition of being
within such an environment, yet not having it understood
or conceptualized based upon a false limit or no-go zone,
as if fringe to consider or perhaps not obvious to those
without instruction, the educational system enforcing a
fundamental disconnection, as if to keep everything that
is naturally connected apart, as if somehow beyond limits
thus basic electromagnetic awareness, to then read the
technical manual [3] where it states the following:
"Although the forces involved are small, the film can be used to
excite other mechanical structures over a very wide frequency range.
If a second element of film is used to receive the induced vibration,
the system can possess a very high dynamic range, even though the
overall "insertion loss" due to the film is about -66 dB typically for
a structure at resonance. If sufficient gain is applied between these
elements, the structure will self-oscillate at its natural frequency.
For these resonant mechanical systems, high voltage drive is not
required. The amplifier circuit may function adequately from a normal
dual rail op-amp supply, or even from a single 9 volt battery. For
analysis purposes, even lower applied voltages, e.g., the noise source
of a spectrum analyzer at 70 mVrms, are sufficient to insert the
mechanical energy into a structure when piezo film is also used to
monitor the result." (p.5)
now consider again the issue of tuning and shared resonance,
that the movement of one object at a certain vibration/frequency
could induce another object to also vibrate at that frequency if
the resonance was shared or tuned similarly.
thus, a PVDF film 'transmitting antenna' could seemingly generate
a vibration at a given frequency, and if matched to anther PVDF film
as receiving antenna, could induce it to vibrate and in effect, transfer
or transmit the power from one circuit into another, via this vibration.
i.e. resonance-based transfer of energy, or remote power generation
so you could place a microcontroller antenna tuned to a frequency
a few feet from another, on a separate circuit, and seemingly then
light up its LEDs via vibrational energy, no electromagnetism that
spans this gap, and instead resonance or vibration as the medium.
(note: non-acoustic seemingly because it is the material itself that
is vibrating and not "acoustic" air pressure pushing it to vibrate.)
note: in this way it is clean, non-pollutive, and nonradiating energy
and this is what Tesla had discovered apparently, and yet it was not
able to be developed further, given the all-encompassing situation.
and yet, listening to the stories of hh, she conveys that Tesla who
had developed alternating current infrastructure thought in retrospect
that it was unnatural and harmful as an energy approach, and that
this resonance-based energy was based upon natural cosmic order,
and was correctly aligned with life and nature, not functioning against
it via invisible toxic pollution of radiation and its massive inefficiencies.
so now there are two major themes: one is energy capture via the
Schumann Resonance, and another is non-electromagnetic transfer
of power via antennas tuned to a shared frequency, whereby current
from one circuit could induce it in another. this is different from the
magnetic induction whereby magnetic fields bridge the gap between
transmitter and receiving device, and any electric or electromagnetic
version likewise, whereby current is bridging this gap, ionizing the
air inbetween, breaking down the structure of the air to move energy,
versus nontoxic vibrating at some imperceptible infrastructural layer
that is already active within nature, which all entities are attuned to
as part of a living ecosystem and circuit, yet also out of harmony and
out of balance via technology and development in the present moment,
with populations unable to grasp the hostile situation we exist within,
environmentally, ecologically, educationally, intellectually, realistically
in the dimensions & parameters that exist, for optimal decision-making
what then if the approach or conceptualization is off, and equipment
and tools exist for experimentation like early days of electrification,
where hobbyists can turn inventors and transform the situation by
exploring beyond the edge already defined, via new interpretations
or accessing old, discarded ideas and knowledge, thinking it through
once again, and perhaps massive discoveries await via such experiment
0. Powering Microcontrollers with Scavenged Energy
Evaluating the Options for Different Technologies to Harvest Energy
1. global electrical circuit (images)
2. Atmospheric electricity / Earth-Ionosphere cavity
3. Measurement Specialties PVDF technical manual (PDF)
{educational fair-use of copyright, 2013}
laugh track, nosebleed, telamon

@_date: 2013-12-19 17:22:50
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: tuning piezo antenna - (4) 
basically at this juncture there are questions of piezo film itself,
and then how to control this within a circuit, which could also
involve information transfer, and thus microcontroller platforms
are probably involved in such experimentation and development.
so how i approach this situation is that i look at what is available
for piezo film sensors, and contemplate how that plastic-coated
piezo film could be made to vibrate automatically or function as
a non-radiating transceiver of 'resonance-based' energy as signal.
and thus the options are basically for little rectangle tabs of film
that plug into a breadboard circuit of a microcontroller or else can
be soldered to a circuitboard, as with various other approaches. [0]
e.g. the DT Series from Measurement Specialties is the same type
of strain-gage sensor found in contact microphones. [1] though i was
still completely puzzled by another version of this element that has
a round metal opening in its otherwise flat surface as if a mistake
occurred at the hardware store. as if a pierced PVDF sensor. [2]
and then after a google search i happened upon a experimenter
who built an Arduino Seismic Activity Monitor [3] using the same
PVDF element and it was then realized the hole in the piezo tab
related to its use as a cantilever that vibrates and that additional
weights can be added to limit what frequencies influence it, thus
the antenna can be tuned to respond to only certain frequencies,
or in the larger consideration, potentially to resonate in a narrow
window where it could be specifically tuned to, say- 7.83 Hz, if
indeed it either could be manufactured this way as an antenna
or retrofitted via weights or modifications. or so it seems possible.
in other words, having once had access to a seismic sensor, the
range in which the vibrations would trigger the circuit could be
fine-tuned to a certain limited parameter which could potentially
influence inefficiency or limit any outside involvement, harmonics
from powerlines or ambient noise that could lessen or disrupt the
clean or predominant movement, seemingly. like only having one
vibration versus several that counteract and diminish one another,
though perhaps in some cases harmonics could be beneficial and
in others counteract the movement. those who know would know.
(sidenote: interesting to consider precisely because such a sensor
can still be used as a microphone element and could be tuned or
adjusted to pick up stray signals or vibrations from the environment,
say the 60 cycle hum of alternating current, more on this later..)
so, tuning of the adjustable PVDF film tab apparently involves
either guesswork or use of an oscilloscope, which i wish i knew
how to use because it seems the conceptual foundation of the
diagnostics of electronics and circuits, how to relate to and
understand them in detail and without it, the multimeter in its
non-graphic approach remains to me an issue of numbers only,
never having understood how all of it fits together as a worldview.
though it is evident that it is possible to put weights onto this
cantilever of the sensor and then measure it so that it only can
vibrate within a certain wavelength, or frequency, in this case it
was bounded for earthquake sensing, to a lower range and thus
filtering out all the higher frequencies that could influence if not
trigger the sensor, said to be extremely sensitive to vibrations,
otherwise. what this amounts to is: if you know electronics and
know circuits and have an oscilloscope, you could probably tune
the antenna to a particular frequency range, whether to transmit
or receive crypto data as infrasound (seems unlikely as transmit,
though receive apparently a-ok, if material connection is vibration,
again not acoustic or in air; thus computer chassis, cables, etc)
or at ultrahigh frequencies (transmit/receive seemingly both ok.)
thus perhaps someone with the know-how to see if it is actually
possible to transmit data via resonance-based vibration, where
movement is induced in another circuit, becoming power for that
circuit, else also transmit data via non-electromagnetic means,
on the principle of shared tuning. (there is more to this, opening
up and tapping into the infinity of a circuit, and somehow having
this drive the vibration of the PVDF ((which is more 'the aether'
from what i understand, not of this dimensionality)) though that
is for some other investigation, in some other time and place.
this involves challenging existing mathematics of zero, etc.)
in any case, the point here is that there could be multiple ways
of tuning the piezo film as an antenna within these parameters,
and it could involve differing approaches or circuits to do so.
[0] example of Piezo Film Elements
[1] Piezo Sensor - DT Series
[2] Piezo Sensor - LDT Series
[3] Arduino Seismic Activity Monitor - Ethernet Shield
recover, tremulous, lie detector

@_date: 2013-12-19 20:34:03
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: PVDF & microcontrollers - (5) 
it is already established my skills do not allow exploration of
these issues though i have some basic observations to share
about what exists based on web searches that may quicken
research for those interested who are new to PVDF sensors.
first observation is that a development kit exists for those who
have knowledge and interest and want to start experimenting,
[0] though it does not appear to include cantilever hole designs
of the sensor, that was mentioned in terms of tuning antennas.
still, it could be useful for exfiltrating data or capturing signals
sent via infra- or ultrasound, and also has a large film element
that has been used as a speaker in various online demos. for
instance, seemingly you could wire up a PVDF sensor along-
side computer chassis and monitor signals via its vibrations,
or powersupply, perhaps keyboard or keystrokes or whatnot.
likewise, power various tools via energy harvesting of these
same approaches else discover free-energy approach based
in shared resonance not coupled to another material beyond
the antenna itself if tuned to a primary and matched source.
it seems Arduino and other microcontroller platforms are for
those already saavy in programming and they and other such
programmable integrated circuit platforms represent a large
population of developers, professionals, experimenters, and
hobbyists, and other enthusiasts. this seems equivalent in
kind to the early era of electronics with crystal radio kits
occurring in an engineering centric culture that grew into
the early computer industry via ham radio experimenters,
and those who mail ordered and constructed electronic kits,
today involving the internet, online stores, discussion boards
in the realm of advanced computing, everyone having their
own programmable 'computer-based' development platform,
and a tremendous kit of parts to choose from, to further explore.
including ideas, goals, projects, hypotheses, prototypes, etc.
the reason for stating this is that a certain level of literacy may
exist for many who are computer literate in the advanced sense
of a cypherpunks context, knowing hardware and software and
ideas beyond this, into mathematics and linguistic concepts,
and so a high-fidelity understanding and awareness may exist
that enables greater ease of use within the ready-to-program
devices that have limited documentation, and can present a
large learning curve for those starting without such experience.
thus, straight-away to mention that Sparkfun [1] carries various
PVDF sensors, example, that can then be added into whatever
microcontroller may exist capable of interfacing with the sensor.
the thing is, in researching this, it appears there is potentially
limited data for people just starting out, for how to go about this,
whereas those already fluent may know how to put it all together.
apparently instructions can be lacking and this is mentioned with
respect to another approach for those like myself who need more
step-by-step instructions and learning tutorials to know what to
do and how to think about things, to build up awareness via
making circuits on the microcontroller versus using it for an
already determined objective. and there are general kits to do
this for Arduino, in particular a 37 module sensor kit [2], so it
is potentially an experimenter's paradise, if knowing how to get
everything functioning, having a plan and enough information.
i do not know enough about Arduino to know other competitors
in the same domain though it appears there are many others
(Beagleboard, etc) so that was used just as an example of
several different options that exist where these piezo sensors
can be integrated into the existing programmable platform,
to custom-build and craft circuits, as is already being done.
(note: if i am using 'platform' in the wrong way, my apologies,
it is the nearest word i know of to describe these tools)
so essentially it is a 'nothing new here' situation for those who
know all about this technology, though potentially to question
the potential for a piezo film sensor beyond existing boundaries
and perhaps for advanced unmentioned cryptologic applications.
the issue then is to question an electronic component, this
piezo film tab as vibrational cantilever, the piezo element that
exists beyond the circular disk and functions in other territory
and in other configurations, including also piezo coaxial cable
(and again, its potential use as an antenna of other dynamics)
and so, for instance, the datasheets are included on some of
the urls below, to provide more information if interested in
evaluating if the given parameters may allow experimentation
within the realms considered, say detecting signals patterns
via vibrational 'contact' versus acoustic microphone. [3]
so that is perhaps the majority approach for those already
up to speed, though everyone may not have the same approach
or others may want to learn about this, and thus a programmable
microcontroller platform I have successfully learned from before,
both about electronics and software programming of breadboard
circuits is the Parallax BASIC Stamp Activity Kit [4]. essentially
it is a platform for educating people about microcontrollers and
provides an indepth tutorial and various circuits as part of a kit,
and support forums for experimenters and developers, as with
Arduino, which may have its own 'learn electronics' kit, though
it seems Parallax has focused on this educational sector and
providing materials for schoolchildren, hobbyists, and up, to the
professional sector prototyping and development solutions, so
is perhaps unique in its tutorial or hands-on learning approach
versus what may require additional instruction else a different
more self-guided approach otherwise, with other pathways.
(trying to be fair, not advertise, yet also provide information
about the offerings. also: if other PVDF vendors, they are few
or do not have information i could locate in repeated searches)
this is why I mention the Parallax kit that includes a fundamental
course in learning circuits via a programmable breadboard. this
same PVDF sensor [5] can be used with this platform, and it
also has additional data on the commands related to it as part
of a User Guide for that specific tutorial approach, [6] in that it
may provide more structure than other less structured approaches
though perhaps this is more related to the overall framework of
learning to use a microcontroller itself, where for some a more
all encompassing approach may be required prior to interfacing
with the PVDF in terms of programming functioning of a circuit.
and likewise, following this same general theme, the Sensors
Sampler Pack for the Parallax BASIC Stamp microcontroller
includes a PVDF element along with other sensor options. [7]
the reason for providing examples is to see what is out there
for those learning, in individual components and then within an
integrated approach, of which there are various routes to take.
for instance, consider the following project:
Phoenix Ambulatory Blood Pressure Monitor Project
Sub-project: Piezo Film Pulse Sensor
if someone already knows what they are doing, competent in
the domains of hardware and microcontroller programming, it
would probably be fairly likely they could replicate or learn from
this demonstration of use for a PVDF sensor. yet further, someone
with an interest in cryptography or crytanalysis, could potentially
take this same information and apply the pulse reading to the
chassis of a computer to monitor vibrational activity or apply
this same information in some other way, in terms of security
analysis, exploits, defense, research, exploration, experiment.
though someone who does not have this knowledge then may
be stuck, unless a step-by-step approach exists, which is more
the Parallax approach, and perhaps in some ways Arduinio if
online tutorials exist in place of paper manuals, though these
extra layers of information may be required prior to achieving
such finished projects, and needs to be built-up as a skill first.
but not everything that is involved in this situation is about
technology of computer hardware and software, and the code
can go beyond computing, even 'electrons' potentially, in terms
of what the situation could be modeled as, via its parameters.
in that the PVDF as tunable antenna is not unlike a tuning fork
that is made to resonate by another paired vibration, and while
it may appear this is acoustic energy, air pressure, it could be
the resonance of the material itself that is set to vibrate due to
its physics, its particular construction and composition. that is,
as with Helen Hall and her study of music physics, that what
this involves relates to the issue of a vibrating string, and the
'energy' issues of vibration can be conceptualized likewise in
terms of music principles, such that the resonance as it now
is conceived of may not exist within computing in the way it
is known in music, for instance, yet it may have importance
in terms of harvesting energy via non-acoustic vibrations.
i do not myself understand what this involves enough to better
introduce to topic, though to hh it is 'the Art of Frequencies',
as this relates to music physics and music and energy. the
reason it is mentioned is that sympathetic vibrations occur
in a paired matching or alignment (1:1) and (A=A) in terms
of logic, within my own research, and in this way especially
in terms of 'consciousness', each person their own antenna,
and how they relate to others and in what ways. a common
example could be sexual dynamics and 'magnetic fields', in
that a certain pressure or boundary may be encountered via
anther that either attracts or repels or is perhaps neutral. in
this framework, there is something tied into the materiality
of encounter, the physical body and its relation to another,
other as self or unlike self, as this constitutes circuitry.
further, though, beyond or outside a realm of push & pull
of both magnetic and electromagnetic polarity, it also can
potentially include something 'outside' this EM boundary,
in that a non-electromagnetic energy of vibration could
also exist -- as if in the realm of information itself -- that
maps onto these same connections as 'shared tuning'
(all mention of tuning has origin with HH, in my work).
so what this is to suggest is that this inductive sensing
of humans, this mapping of awareness of self and others,
could be occurring as information in this vibrational way,
if connecting 'dots' across various views and approaches,
and thus how people are tuned or out of tune may relate
to what signals they pick up or what movements they are
part of, as grounded within certain dimensions, dynamics,
self as circuit, then relation with others into groups, etc.
and this is also the PVDF antenna model, seemingly.
potentially. the only substitution i would suggest is that
that 'global electrical current' that could set everything into
a shared time and framework of connected circuitry, would
be in some sense an analogy of empirical truth that flows
into the shared macrocircuit and people are aligned by it.
thus, induction beyond electromagnetism, though also
as a pressure, perhaps, the pneumatic aspect, and the
larger cosmological question of 'strings' that may be of
an informational category, in terms of cosmic vibration
that is defined by resonance of each and every object,
if not mistaken in relaying others knowledge involved.
in other words, consciousness could be modeled by
this circuit in terms of information transfer as it also
could have an energetic component yet this approach
could exist outside or beyond the current conception
of the body in both nonexistent electromagnetic terms
and also, non-existence non-electromagnetic terms
functioning outside this electromagnetic framework,
in the sense that aetheric order could exist beneath
the existing dimensional space, this described as a
vortex model of the atom, as it relates to zero. [8]
so the potential, should a vibration on an antenna
transform into harnessing free energy - via resonance
and this new PVDF film sensor technology - then its
significance is also conceptual, beyond perhaps the
issues of creating a vibrating cantilever or pendulum
in a watch that removes the need for a battery or for
winding, due to being tuned to frequency of the earth
that becomes part of its circuit, its power source, via
this connectivity based upon natural order, its circuit
as ecosystem and habitat, context for technology.
and how this moves into modeling of self as a being,
an entity, modeling of information in relation to energy
and matter, in terms of music and physics principles,
and how it recontextualizes questions and parameters
were it to be unlocked as a common framework within
which people relate or decide to disallow its existence
i only saw the first two parts of Atlas Shrugged, a recent
television movie version, never having read the longer book
by Ayn Rand, though it seems to be based upon this same
premise, where another world exists outside the ordinary
realm, having cracked open the threshold allowing access
to other dimensionality. the third part of the film is to be
released in the next summer, apparently. in any case,
interesting times ahead if this is indeed possible...
[0] MSI sensors - 1004308 Piezo Film Sensors Basic Design Kit
[1] Sparkfun -- Piezo Vibration Sensor - Large
Piezo Vibration Sensor - Large with Mass
[2] SunFounder - 37 Modules Sensor Kit
[3] example datasheet
[4]  BASIC Stamp Activity Kit - USB (Text v3.0)
[5] ex. info: Piezo Film Vibration Sensor Tab
[6] Piezo Film Vibra Tab User Manual
[7] Sensor Sampler Pack
[8] Art of Frequencies - Helen Hall
intercalate, communication gap, pulse-jet

@_date: 2013-12-20 12:21:06
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: energy harvesting via PVDF - (02) 
References:  <12066908-0f1d-4292-a684-2bbfa0f888a1
excellent point- i will be posting a follow-up section on troubleshooting
with another strategy related to this and more information. thanks

@_date: 2013-12-20 21:49:15
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: PVDF strategies - (06) 
a general situation and condition has been described,
relating piezo film (PVDF) with issues of free energy
and also 'non-electromagnetic' if not 'non-acoustic'
transfer of power and perhaps information likewise.
yet there is a problem encountered as mentioned,
regarding challenges to achieving an ~8 Hz vibration
at the given scale, which may be an issue connected
with do-it-yourself approaches versus a manufacturing
approach, and the technological tools and equipment
available to investigate these dynamics at the scale
of breadboards, microcontrollers, and PVDF elements.
can the existing 'size' of an PVDF electronic component
actually register the approximate ~8 Hz vibration of the
Schumann resonance?
from what i have read in the technical manual (p.2), the
piezo film material is capable of registering vibration at
this frequency [1] and in fact is so sensitive in its use
as in contact microphone applications that shielding is
required to reduce unwanted vibrations [2] in a context
of 'vibration sensing' which also applies when attached
to music instruments [3]. with this in mind, it appears
that the PVDF film element is hypersensitive to any
vibration depending on the surface it is attached to.
in other words, if there is an ~8 Hz vibration occurring,
it would seem likely if not probable that the PVDF film
tab is potentially capable of sending it, given enough
knowledge and whatever equipment required to do so.
so enough of the hypotheticals, i may have forgotten
to emphasize if not mention an important observation.
several weeks ago there was an (urls) list sent that
had information about a NOVA science program that
just aired on Public Television (PBS) in the U.S. and
i saw the last 20 minutes or so of that show, as was
conveyed on that post. [4] [5] the expert interviewed
for the program, Earle R. Williams [6] mentioned the
Global AC Circuit and described research occurring
in a rural Rhode Island experiment that has been
studying this for decades, based on groundbreaking
ideas of a previous researcher who pioneered the field
of atmospheric electricity.
and what Mr. Williams said and demonstrated in this
interview was astonishing to hear. basically, if memory
serves: any antenna on earth picks up this frequency
of the Schumann resonance, which he said was ~8 Hz.
(presumably equates to 'metal antennas' i am guessing,
of the kind found on radios and televisions.)
the very interesting aspect about this, 'context' as it were,
is that this research hut for atmospheric electricity was
old technology -- basically an antenna in a very remote area
to minimize electromagnetic interference (EMI) from what is
the buzzing infrastructure of wired and wireless civilization.
the other aspect is that Mr. Williams stated, if remembering,
that all that is needed is an antenna and oscilloscope to
verify the signal is there. meaning: get a metal antenna,
have it grounded or whatever is necessary, and then attach
it to a visual feedback system and locate the 8 Hz signal.
"spikes" that occur within the signal, atop the frequency
of the Schumann resonance, are lightning strikes. as if
the earth-ionosphere cavity may have some aspect of an
echo chamber (my phrasing), though also it was stated,
again, if remembering correctly, that lighting strikes can
travel up to 2.5 times around the earth, which feeds this
resonance and supports and sustains this wavelength
that is vibrating on all antennas everywhere the same.
so in some sense these are clues, signs of what exists,
what the parameters are. people who know how to use
an oscilloscope and basic antenna are that much closer
to the issue than those who do not, and likewise, those
who can program a microcontroller and write code, etc.
so incorporating this as additional information into the
existing approach and ideas, along with helpful feedback
that questions the starting investigation in its parameters,
it seems possible that experimentation could begin within
a PVDF film sensor context, if having the tools, technology,
and ideas to shape and evaluate and test these conditions.
though further, it is also probable that specifically designing
a PVDF sensor for this particular application would be the
more direct investigation. both approaches could be viable.
in other words, the as-is approach relying on existing
piezo sensors could yield some interesting and unexpected
discoveries, and perhaps break this open into another realm.
and so how to do that is a question: how to tune the element,
how to approach it, what are the actual issues involved, etc.
for instance, consider the PVDF film itself as a rectangle
that can register vibrations via touching a vibrating surface;
this versus having the PVDF film itself resonate, vibrating
based on its being a quasi free-standing antenna. these
different approaches both could potentially access 8 Hz
though via different strategies and frameworks.
my assumption is is that rectangle of the sensor itself
is capable of picking up 'multiple frequencies' at a given
time, depending on what exists as a signal. and thus, if
in a musical approach, it may have 'multiple tunings' even
that coexist on the vibrating surface, whether freestanding
or registering movement from an attached vibrating surface.
and so the issue can be of filtering these signals to focus
the sensor into a given range. and how this is done could
effect its 'efficiency' in terms of energy collection, because
a stronger versus weaker signal could exist, if muddled by
others that counteract its pendulum-like wave movement. if
this way, dampening of the vibration via weights may allow
no movement in certain frequencies, whereas a software
filter could only edit them out while they still exist as an
active force, perhaps removing energy from or competing
with a given frequency or signal from the wanted range.\
so capturing different frequencies simultaneously (good
for crypto and energy harvesting, perhaps) vs. focusing on
a given range (better for Schumann resonance seemingly)
and yet here's the thing--
like a drum skin, how is this elusive jabberwocky of the
Schumann resonance of ~8 Hz ever going to be accessed
if it cannot be readily encountered. what can capture that
wave vibration, at that particular very long wavelength. and
(due to no memory, i get to ask such rhetorical questions)
this is what triggered my memory about the antennas, that
all antennas vibrate at this frequency, or so the expert said.
though also, considering the drum approach, this then got
me thinking- instead of a free standing 'energy antenna',
would it not be possible to use a PVDF sensor to measure
and also pick up this 8 Hz vibration on an antenna instead?
in that if the antenna is vibrating at 8 Hz, could this vibration
be 'harvested' and establish mechanical vibration in these
highly sensitive piezo films, to then build up AC current in
via their capacitance, building up and storing this charge...
in other words: PVDF + ~8 Hz antenna freq. => energy
if there were no limits to exploration and equipment could
be used to custom manufacture prototypes for this purpose,
what would an antenna look like that vibrates only at this
targeted frequency... and thus, another strategy could
involve custom manufacture of the piezo film element,
such that its surface has an antenna etched onto it,
that is made to vibrate at the Schumann resonance,
for instance a particular geometry, grid, array, pattern.
i have read about antennas and they are based upon
geometric proportion to the wavelength, so 'size' does
not necessarily correlate to frequency in terms of larger
antennas for bigger wavelengths, (if i am not mistaken).
instead, the issue of alignment between a signal and
an antenna involves a matched or paired geometrical
structure that can effectively map signals onto antennas
and then coherently deliver this signal into a circuit. likely
as cleanly and crisply as is possible, mathematics then
determining these models and design approaches. thus,
fractal antennas are an area where 'scale' is exampled
other than a yagi or dipole. and cellphones in particular
appear to make very tiny antennas or utilize unique
approaches to make them invisible even, via how the
device is grounded and where the wires are hidden,
perhaps related to signal strength and also 'length'.
so in some sense, maybe size and scale do matter
and in some sense maybe size and scale are not the
most critical factors in given applications. maybe a
larger power source requires a larger antenna and
smaller applications only need smaller antennas.
what i want to convey is that this 'etched on' approach
where an antenna structure could be engineered onto
the piezo film surface -- (such that it would vibrate at
the given frequency and then stress the sensor, in
turn generating power via its constant movement) --
has correlation with a circuit - perhaps soldertrace,
that is the antenna. so imagine a rectangle with a
single loop of a given geometry that would somehow
function as a single-frequency antenna and vibrate,
and thus stress/strain, compression/decompression
of that metal structure would flex the piezo film that
it is attached to, and be designed to maximize the
surface area with this specific tuned geometry that
can focus in on just those signals or vibrations, as
simple as an anode and cathode attached to it, yet
if correlating other approaches, perhaps etched to
a nanosurface-level with fractal patterns even that
could maximize voltage, if possible, or increase
capacitance or whatever else may be optimized
for energy harvesting of ~8 Hz signal vibrations.
so, to simplify, imagine 'the cantilever' that is the
concept already for the piezo film tab, a rectangle
that moves back and forth on axis, and in doing so
creates and stores charge that then can be dumped
into a circuit, bit by bit if momentary, and seemingly
constant alternating current if the signal is constant.
the additional etched pattern atop the sensor, this
being an additional layer, could be considered 'the
antenna' for accessing Schumann resonance. yet,
it could also be conceptualized as a cantilever that
is in addition to the piezo device itself, also this.
my vagueness here is not intentional, trying to write
into a particular direction and context whereby this
'tuned antenna' atop a cantilever instead becomes
this cantilever via a different manufacturing process,
whereby the PVDF device is itself tuned to ~8 Hz,
& moreso, perhaps taking on the form of cantilever.
such that, the piezo elemen becomes a tuning fork
that is tuned for this specific vibrational frequency,
and then anode/cathode, into associated circuitry
precedent, and note 'the scale' here, is with MEMs
devices and micromachines and nanoscale devices
where such extreme miniature 'antennas' can already
be constructed and vibrate at known frequencies, and
they take on the form of a cantilever (same functioning
as energy harvesting sensors, as vibrating pendulums)
and thus micro and nano radios can be made and
other devices, where under microscope a furious
activity is observed of what is basically a tuning fork
that is naturally vibrating via its 'tuned resonance',
(if not mistaken in interpretation of these events).
so at this unobservable visual scale, little cantilevers
can be made to vibrate via their tuning, and function
essentially the same as cantilevers that at this scale
are not envisioned or conceptualized to auto-vibrate
via paired resonance. why is that i wonder, (embargo
on thoughts, experiment, or secret domain perhaps)
just consider a watch, the mechanisms required to
wind and keep the watch spinning its intricate gears,
as this relates to pendulum movement. now what if
a cantilever existed that could vibrate automatically
at ~8 Hz, and thus no more batteries, solar cell, nor
wind-up mechanisms would be needed to provide the
motive power need for its clockwork movement. and
in this way, likewise- the cantilever is the antenna.
the concept of the sensor as mechanical cantilever
in its multiuse form, instead being reimagined as a
tuned rectangle with additional layer of antenna, this
as cantilever, or further, no rectangle and instead the
PVDF is made into a cantilever, tuning fork vibrating
at the frequency of the Schumann resonance, and in
this way, potentially replacing batteries given the size
of the cantilever and its effectiveness or efficiency.
another way to consider this in terms of electronics
and circuits is the (radio again) crystal oscillator that
is included as a stand-alone timing device, matched to
a particular frequency, lets say ~8 Hz for example...
as i understand it, electrical current in a circuit - say
involving resistors, capacitors, relays, switches, and
wires on a prototyping breadboard - moves throughout
this maze of components and can send electrons into
the crystal oscillator, a timing device, that is activated
by this electricity and generates a particular frequency
in response to its being electrified, formatting resulting
output as a given frequency, here 8 Hz, back into the
circuit, where it could be used say by an IC chip that
uses it to count cycles that trigger other activity, say
an LED display that moves up a number every million
cycles and continually counts 0-9 and starts over again.
so the idea here is that this electronics component is
partly doing what the PVDF sensor is, only in reverse.
what the crystal "quartz" oscillator does is vibrate at
a particular frequency (~8 Hz) which is the goal, and
this is already achieved in a device related in some
way already to piezo sensors (see: quartz). the main
difference is that it requires external energy to generate
the signal or the vibrations, (though if it were tuned to
~8 hz, might it vibrate without any external power?)...
     energy (in) ==> crystal oscillator ==> 8 Hz vibration (out)
to put it another way, in terms of active concepts...
     electricity ==> vibration ==> timing
in other words, in traditional radio or other timing circuits
reliant upon crystal oscillators, electrical current (power)
is input into the component that then "vibrates" at a given
frequency, and then this signal is output as 'time' into the
circuit, whereby the electrical current has this geometric
patterning mapped into its structure which is then utilized
by related or connected components, to format other action.
what the piezo film sensor does is exactly the opposite:
    timing ==> vibration ==> electricity
it takes some regular mechanical vibration when attached
to a surface, and this vibration strains the sensor which in
turn generates electrical charge via piezo electric properties
and then stores this charge via its capacitance, which then
can be output into the connected circuitry as AC electrical
current. the main issue appears to focus upon controlling
the timing or frequency, via TUNING the device (that is,
creating a cantilever or antenna to automatically vibrate)
in other words, if the 'timing' between the PVDF or other
piezo sensor and the Schumann resonance could be
established, matched in shared resonance (A=A) such
that the 8 Hz signal would directly map to an antenna
or cantilever structure tuned specifically for 8 Hz, then:
    matched-timing ==> perpetual vibration ==> free electricity
where 'matched-timing' is pairing of signal with antenna
of the piezo sensor (cantilever or not) in that the geometry
is aligned (A=A) which then accesses and sustains this
connection of 8 Hz vibration via 'shared resonance' that is
a transfer of energy from the earth/ionosphere cavity, to
the surface of the earth. the critical issue appears to be
~adjustable tuning of an antenna to allow for drift, such
that "tuning" differences both small (Aa=Ab) and large
(A=B) can be adjusted for, which also occurs in a realm
of electronics and watchmaking, if not mistaken, that an
additional level of fine-tuning and adjustkbility is involved
and required in such intricate small scale technological
if other ecosystems, because variances may exist/persist
does this mean also that a crystal oscillator [7] is a step
or two away from providing power to a circuit if only tuned
to ~8 Hz - it would probably involve whatever piezo aspect
of crystals, if they could output current as piezo sensors,
when vibrating at this frequency, thus an issue of locating
or manufacturing such crystals, tuning them as antennas.
(should Superman be mentioned here, or metaphysics of
crystals, predecessor to electronics, original components
of nature, such that this is the foundation of the study, in
this way, so too amber and lodestone, known or unknown)
the key idea then is of tuning piezos, whereby the piezo
element is itself the antenna, and this could be explored
in various ways, etched onto the surface of an existing
sensor element, such as with PVDF film tabs, or made
into a cantilever such as a tuning fork vibrating at ~8 Hz
that outputs energy into a self via its perpetual motion,
and further, crystal oscillators tuned to this frequency
of the Schumann resonance, if capable of generating or
outputting electricity via alignment with this frequency,
tuned into it in terms of energy harvesting versus timing
for circuits or for receiving or transmitting radio waves.
note: again, this is non-electromagnetic vibration that
is accessed, so oscillators and piezos are functioning
in an undescribed realm at macroscale, though within
effects _known within music (as natural philosophy),
described by composer/filmmaker Helen Hall. [8]
the mythos involved includes a realm of the forbidden
and of the fringe activity of outlawed energy research,
access to 'free energy' that is believed to have earlier
been accessed on earth by its inhabitants yet since
disappeared within civilization, vanished along with
its cosmology (of the aether), the plenum seemingly,
edited out, removed from view via Michelson-Morley.
and yet the idea of limitless energy, locating it as if an
issue of dousing within the electromagnetic framework
with various strange machines and contraptions, those
seeking to tap into it, upon relating to and realizing its
mystery that surrounds, encompasses, defines and yet
cannot be tangibly defined in these same terms it exists
because the basic model and approach are off, and just
enough to send things in another direction, still unaware
in other words, there is potential energy all around, the
issues of dead cellphones after 5 hours moot should a
small cantilever antenna find geometrical alignment that
replaces its power source with one non-electromagnetic,
non-polluting, attuned to nature and mind, in harmony
and related to the larger order, not existing to destroy it.
how to tap into it, where is it. how do you get there if
electromagnetism is off-limits to investigation beyond
an ideology of a protective technological priesthood.
and then, how to imagine beyond electromagnetism
if concepts are not understanding of this condition
firstly, to realize what the encountered issues are,
so that reasoning is possible in a shared framework
the larger question, how to tap into the infinity that is
within the electromagnetic circuit, open up that seam
between zero and infinity, and use it to turn things at
higher speeds and momentums or with greater force,
limitless power of any magnitude, seemingly. this is
essentially to break out of relativity and back into a
non-warped model of nature, so anti-gravity and other
such issues are basic and easy to advance beyond,
though if living within lies of a false perspective this is
not possible. so the worldview has to be taken down
before any landspeeders are going to arrive in town
0. The 8 Hertz approximation was used by an expert on
this issue, which is an easy round number to recall that
stands-in for whatever the exact decimal place resonance
may be for hooking up to the Schumann resonance. This
expert was on a NOVA public television program who will
be referenced in this text, and whose information follows...
1. Measurement Specialties PVDF technical manual (PDF)
quote: Wide frequency range—0.001 Hz to 10^9 Hz
2. Cold Gold - Contact Microphones
"These film tabs usually need to be shielded
{by copper shielding tape} to reduce hum."
3. technical manual, p.47
4. light-signals (urls)
5. NOVA: At the Edge of Space  (PBS science program)
6. Earle R. Williams -- Research Overview
7. Crystal oscillator
(note: crystals as tuning forks)
8. Helen Hall - Art of Frequencies

@_date: 2013-12-20 22:15:55
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Vegetation Comsec 
References: [video] Cleve Baxter - Plants can sense human intentions
(information as non-electromagnetic tuning/induction;
 informational circuits related to grounded truth/logic)

@_date: 2013-12-21 13:56:10
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: PVDF and sensing - (07) 
heading down the final stretch...
my fascination with sensors as an electronics concept
began with small pamphlet electronics instruction books
from Forrest Mims [0] found at Radio Shack though they
are widely available online these days. [1]  if interested
in programming microcontrollers though have not been
introduced via non-computer breadboard electronics, it
may be of interest to look at and learn from circuits in
these notebooks, which provide basic concepts for how
the circuits work and the principles they involve. for a
technical person it could be instructive, for those like
myself with a mental gap in the fundamentals there
may still be questions that need to be answered
before able to access and intuitively understand
exactly what is going on, modifying it from there
so, engineering mindset, great resource. artistic
mindset, perhaps still a significant boundary before
understanding though i have trouble with reading and
ambiguous concepts so it could be only my limitation
that kept me from learning the basics of electronics
in terms of circuitry. another is: having the parts that
are needed, versus just looking at the diagrams and
understanding what is happening, or using these for
reference, to build other circuits via same approach
or extending or borrowing certain parts of designs.
quite interesting to locate a Mims book on sensors
and piezo kit together in regard to ongoing issues
with piezo sensors and energy harvesting. [2]
what captured my imagination was the particular
notebook on sensors, their conceptual nature as
this relates to issues of feedback and intelligence
that effectively maps onto switches and gauges
as measurements of activity, indicators of events;
likewise, the reversibility of sensors, how some if
not many can be inverted in their functioning, such
that a microphone can be a speaker and vice versa
PVDF piezo film as a sensor material exemplifies
the tremendous range that a given material and its
properties can connect with, in varying dynamics
and dimensions. (if not mistaken, it can even detect
airflow while potentially creating air flow likewise)
and so one of these unique properties of piezo film
is that it can detect temperature differences. this
got me wondering (reading of its application in the
tech manual), that given its incredible sensitivity,
would it be able to detect electromagnetic fields
due to the gradiated change in radiation levels
surrounding wires, in proximity to EMF signals
this combined with the idea of the PVDF sensor
as an ANTENNA then had me wondering if this
could function in a similar realm as the standard
linear Hall effect sensor [3] that senses magnetic
fields and functions as a strain gage (analog) or
on/off switch (binary/digital) in the presence of
electromagnetic fields. and thus EMF meters,
most presumably, utilized Hall effect sensors
that have multiple axes, 1-axis to 3-axis that
relate to the geometry of the EM field in space,
and thus rotating a probe for an EMF meter in
a given context which generate varying signal,
helping define the shape and direction of the
signal, as it is positioned in space [4] [5]
so my thinking was as follows... there are these
small piezo sensor 'film tabs' that can be hooked
up to a speaker, and if they could detect signals
from home wiring in the wall, as a microphone,
then essentially it approximates an EMF meter
without the display details, though could indicate
an intensity level by how loud or soft the noise
that is picked up. perhaps this is actually not
possible though it my questioning of its use.
and this could require holding or moving the
piezo film tab, the rectangle with an audio
cable connected to it, then connected with a
small preamp/mixer, amplifier or headphones,
and perhaps moving it along the wall -- which
seems unlikely due to sensitivity -- because it
would generate massive noise seemingly, or,
to potentially move it in the air, likewise that
could seemingly make lots of noise by its
movement, masking any other signals.
it seems to go nowhere as an approach,
yet my question remains that if this PVDF
material can and does function as an antenna
and it could pick up signals via vibrations, that
perhaps if it was held or moved against a wall
with electrical wiring inside, it could access
this intense vibrational activity in some way
it is obviously unclear as an approach, as
multiple aspects coincide, both in attempting
to access a signal and how this could occur...
and thus: the issue could be having the PVDF
film tab register 'temperature variation' as a way
to monitor the difference in heat between a less
electromagnetic realm and more electromagnetic
realm as the radiation is monitored by the sensor
and is this possible or not. and further, would the
fact that the device is a capacitor then influence
its charge via induction, such that the EMFs
would charge the PVDF film, again via vibration
or heat, though which could be used as electricity
in a circuit it connects to, via energy harvesting.
the concept is that the EMF meter as device
would generate power when detecting signals.
and so the existing rectangular film tabs [6] are
potentially one way of going about this, in terms
of 'mapping temperature' as mapping of EMFs,
and seemingly related to this is the issue of the
sensor being shielded or not, as this potentially
relates to issues of tuning. what frequency or
temperature range can influence the sensor
a hypothetical application the PVDF sensor
used for mapping out EMFs, is that a cellphone
could contain such a device and be held against
the wall or on a shelf in which there is electrical
wiring, and the induction that occurs from the
wires to the capacitor via vibration of EMFs
could in effect provide charging power to the
cellphone or other once-battery-reliant device,
if energy harvesting was paired with wiring in
the home and electrical power already in place,
it would be an issue of locating it, excavating
a hidden environment, so the EMF meter as
indicator of signal strength or of radiation levels
as temperature could provide a diagnostic of a
local area via mapping it out as EM environment,
and then situate devices in this specific location,
in proximity to wires to maximize energy harvest
via vibration that perpetually charges the capacitor
(note here: if the PVDF film were etched as was
previously mentioned with further patterning, this
could massively increase voltage potentially, via
increasingly its capacitance or storage capacity
for holding energy, seemingly of higher voltage)
though what really got my mind spinning was
the idea of another format for this piezo polymer
and that is 'piezo coaxial cable'. [7] [8]
in that, this idea of PVDF as an antenna then is
tending towards a shape or form that has been
used for antennas, that is: a length of wire that
picks up signals as wavelengths geometrically
align with, map onto, influence its properties.
(that is, if not mistaken in how things work)
and so my mind starts thinking of making a
loop out of this cable, as if a transponder that
is used to track some emitting signal, or as a
certain type of TV console antenna even, if not
rabbit ears in retrospect. and what is the actual
difference in these different materials functioning,
plain metal and piezo polymer, in terms of antenna
the obvious is that the latter generates power if it
begins to vibrate. and holds onto it as a capacitor,
so it builds up and stores the external influence.
though more, consider the issue of high-voltage,
that a long length of wire could potentially hold a
lot of charge. and this in a context of sensing...
there is the classic example of 'wireless power'
in a person holding fluorescent tube lights under
the powerlines of a high-voltage pylon corridor
that in turn illuminates the lights via EMFs by
way of the surrounding intense levels of radiation
that bathe the area in proximity to such towers
so there is massive energy in the air, ionizing it,
around high voltage electric transmission towers,
enough to light a fluorescent (AC) lightbulb that
otherwise requires a ballast/transformer to do so
(again, if not mistaken), in that charge/electrons
are rapidly moving back and forth through a gas
held inside the unlit tube that then generates light
by triggering a reaction that releases or produces
photons via the current shooting through the gas
(sidenote: LEDs interesting in similar way, light
or photons produced by jumping gap in a circuit)
note: DANGER: DO NOT ATTEMPT TO DO THIS
WITHOUT PROPER EXPERTISE/QUALIFICATIONS...
now imagine you have a loop of piezo coaxial cable
that can function as an antenna. potentially and-or
seemingly, it would be able to 'read' the temperature
difference via the radiation in the area underneath or
nearby similar high-voltage towers. though this may
co-exist as a variable with frequency/vibration thus
heat may just be another way of saying the same
thing, though in a more tangible or perceivable way,
in that its influence may be more apparent.
here is why it is not advisable for a do-it-yourselfer-
because any length of this piezo cable is a capacitor
that can store energy, and the larger the cable the
more voltage that could be stored, it would appear,
and thus if such an antenna were use and capable
of storing large amounts of high voltage charge, it
then could be deadly dangerous to be holding onto
this cable because it would be inducing current from
the powerlines and potentially into the body, in terms
of its grounding (say, straight through an arm to heart
then out one foot or both) potentially like getting hit
by lightning. any precautions that would be taken
by electrical workers that work on high voltage lines
would be relevant as security precautions for any
such experimentation. and yet, if a circuit were
made around such an antenna -- potentially via
paired or matching VIBRATION alone, this same
piezo cable device could potentially provide much
more power and current via its energy harvesting.
(or so it is speculated here)
in a more removed situation, or a smaller antenna,
it could potentially be used to map EMFs via piezo
wire in the way Hall effect sensors are used today,
though again with the benefit of energy harvesting
and providing power to circuitry. thus piezo cable,
as antenna, could have its own unique attributes
and properties that could better align in certain
situations or circumstances to provide power or
function as an antenna, whereby the 'microphone'
or listening is occurring in a vibrational realm that
is not connected to material vibration beyond its
own support structure, instead, as antenna it is
tuning into strong fields (as heat, here proposed)
that would potentially be capable of providing this
source of vibrational needed to power circuitry,
yet further, also a signal of meaning about the
nature of the environment in its electromagnetic
composition and ordering, mapping or direction
based on these attributes, features of landscape
that is relevant in terms of health and energy
so then i was done with thinking about it and
then encountered a photograph that inspired
another layer of thinking within this domain...
it was of a woman's hat [9] created by a fashion
designer that spoke to these issues in terms of
its language and aesthetics, providing insight into
the nature of the questions involved.
what if, for instance, the piezo film tab sensors
were able to monitor the heat or radiation as this
correlates to vibrational frequencies of cellphones
as they are held against the skull, and evaluate
the radiation involved at the blood-brain barrier as
this influences tumor development in humans via
sending this transmission of cellphone signals
from the phone to the cellular towers? in other
words, what if this little sensor could be placed
on a hat, alongside the surface of the skin, and
register and monitor the radiation levels from
omnidirectional antennas shooting EMFs and
coded patterns into the human brain, as part of
this relation between people, tools, technology
and infrastructure - "daily ~communionication"
again, the wonders of the piezo film indicate that
they do respond to monitoring of skin, and thus
likely a viable approach to modeling this relation,
and testing against "official evidence" about how
these antennas and vibrations are influencing the
human physiology. real-time cellphone monitoring
(another approach could involve a PVDF sensor at
the only opening of an otherwise EMF-opaque box
or container that has a cellphone in it, attempting to
transmit or radiate its signal, and measuring activity
via vibration or heat from this at various distances)
additional hats provided further insight into aspects
of multiple tunings [10] via adjusting cantilevers or
tuning forks, to what frequencies are related to and
through, as part of consciousness as information,
this in a non-electromagnetic framework seemingly.
and also of the nature of the mind being targeted by
hostile signaling [11] in these toxic domains of the
technical wilderness, functioning against humanity.
in that disease and illness correlate with these same
issues as they remain ignored and unaddressed, and
allowing continuing abuse of power based on hidden
leverage that results from no checks and balances
upon unrestrained technological development for
private goals and agendas, against public interest
the kicker is that such technology could already be
deployed in a hidden framework or context, just as
it is hard to imagine ubiquitous mass surveillance via
technological infrastructure without this corresponding
in some significant way to a paid informant network on
the ground, in close proximity, allowing full spectrum
monitoring that tends towards gossip as power that
is exploited in the political bias within infrastructure,
emperor no clothes policy laid bare via own tattle tales
thus, what if likewise, the potential for such sensing as
harvesting of free energy already exists yet remains in
a realm of secrecy, leveraged against populations on
the outside of this inner society. what if different truths
exist that remain unaccounted for, different economics
that then become the basis for exploitation via illusion,
via not sharing the discoveries and using this for power,
to take over domains via ruse, deception, ill-intent, etc
in other words: the conspiracy revealed, now out in the open...
take for instance the unusual aesthetics of a local substation
for electric power 'delivery', like a router, bus, or hub that then
transforms the voltage en route to its destination. under the
ordinary or standard model of power distribution, this could
be assumed to function in one way and one way only...
powerplant ==> transmission towers ==> substation ==> distribution poles
that is, the power is generated at a power station, moved
through high-voltage cables suspended from towers to a
substation, where this power is stepped down and then
further distributed via wooden poles to various dwellings
though 'the antennas' could be for lightning protection, it
seems highly unusual to have a large array of them or at
least this design approach has not yet been encountered
before this, and calls into question what is new about it.
i had previously speculated it was a free energy substation
tapping into atmospheric electricity via the antennas, though
until the PVDF sensors did not understand how this might be
possible. in fact, thinking about it right now, combining piezo
antennas with HAARP atmospheric injections of frequency is
potentially the model for remote power delivery at national or
international scale, ala Nikola Telsa's Wardenclyffe Tower [13]
in this scenario, the substation would be the 'generator' in that
it could tune into a given vibration (perhaps Schumann resonance)
and create high voltage electricity on-site, via remote transfer of
energy -as information- seemingly, outside an electromagnetic
context yet tied back into it via properties of nature, its order.
in this way, power delivery could begin at the substation locally,
then distribute back outwards to both high-voltage lines and the
reduced-voltage distribution poles, from the substation itself, a
decentralized power generation and delivery system, in effect,
locally, though harmonized at a larger scale via atmospheric
electricity as the generator or transmitter of 'motive power',
if not conceptualizing this in error. that would be the illusion,
that the powerplant is sending the power and not substation
 substation ==> transmission/distribution ==> local power
thus like a crystal oscillator functioning in reverse as piezo sensor,
if 'free energy' were being harvested at the substation-level, then a
different organization of these relations exists than what is said to
exist and used as a basis for top-down power structures in society.
a decentralized, distributed, non-toxic energy that is limitless versus
an infrastructure based on oil and gasoline and goal and nuclear energy
that is destructive, basically raping the earth and likewise its inhabitants
to fuel a given insane development strategy functioning against humanity
as this aligns with 'green politics' and 'environmentalism', its politics and
moral agenda within what is a warped accounting for various such factors.
in other words, perhaps battery power is only an issue for those on
the outside of this. if it indeed were to exist as a parallel infrastructure
in the everyday environment. and maybe that is being used as leverage,
a secret hidden development with different economics, social dynamics,
and political goals that are not 'represented' in existing language, instead
functioning outside or beyond its limiting frameworks and outdated views
and beliefs, which provide cover and camouflage for sustaining trickery,
exploiting it, and securing its place in relation to the rogue world state,
thoroughly invested in its mission to serve its hidden special interests,
having divested humanity long ago for private rewards in doing so.
wouldn't it be nice to see a circuit diagram of how those antennas
are hooked up at the substation. really interesting if it involved more
than 'ground' and instead was part of a piezo-based energy harvesting
engine capable of generating constant high-voltage power, for instance.
and who would the power to such oversight to occur within society?
seemingly nobody. that is the entirety of the situation right there-
*game over*
(...as if anything was ever was that simple)
0. Forrest Mims
1. Engineer's Mini Notebooks
ex. books available from online vendor
2. Vibration Sensor Kit and Forrest Mims book
3. Hall effect sensor
4. EMF measurement
5. example of EMF meters
6. Piezo Film Elements
7. Piezo Cable
8. Measurement Specialties PVDF technical manual, p.26
9. Supernova
10. 11. 12. unusual antenna array at local electric power substation
13. Wardenclyffe Tower
gravitation, paraffin, Lamarckism

@_date: 2013-12-21 14:21:38
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: footnote (07) 
i did not connect the two themes together until now,
 though consider again the residential high rise building
 with an antenna array on top, previously sent to the list,
 in the context that it could be harvesting its own power
 and disconnected from the surrounding energy grid via
 the antenna array at its crown. off the books energy, at
 the same time brutal wars fought to sustain oil power...
 (how is that for ethics and morality of secret leadership,
 and issues of corruption, deception, hidden evil agenda)
 in other words: the antennas are for capturing energy and
 not just for communications signals, a la piezo technology
 again, how to audit the circuitry involved. who has authority
 to evaluate such systems in their technological functioning.
 0290.20   9202.51   0029.98

@_date: 2013-12-22 11:39:04
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: FYI 
References:  <20131222034511.9050E680095
i was accessing this site for months, based on
frontpage cryptome recommendation. is it spoofed?

@_date: 2013-12-22 16:31:54
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Vegetation Comsec 
References: i think this is actually the model for human beings as conceived
in long ago times, though may be mistaken. in the Middle Ages
or thereafter, the nervous system itself was medically illustrated
as a plant, held within the watery container of the liquid body, in
this way, in the abstract, not unlike a jellyfish with mobile ocean
again, if memory serves, perhaps it was Plato who described
also the nature of thought in terms of the brain, its enlightenment,
whereby the roots of the nervous system flower into an open mind
which receives light and nourishment from truth, tracking it this way
as flowers situate themselves according to environment, nutrients
so the idea of 'plants' and ~enlightenment, 'knowing' as this relates
to truth and essentially grounding informational and physical realms,
perhaps some kind of natural alignment taking place, harmonization
that is organic, an aspect of ecological foundation and its circuitry,
potentially then scaled to the cosmos, especially with regard to the
theories of origins via panspermia [1], ye olde mushroom astronauts,
delivering life onto earth via asteroid or comets, seeding the oceans;
in this way, sentience of octopus, dolphins, their social intelligence
and awareness, consciousness, alike with jellyfish, as if homologue
with pre-embedded state of nervous system for humans, in vitro (?)
prior to final packaging of mammalian biped and adjustable thumbs
the idea that all life moves towards higher consciousness and that
intelligence and this yearning motivation for greater truth is life, its
force, the trajectory of the grand design from nano- to macro-scale,
issues of culture, freedom, war, occurring at all scales, to survive,
conquer, for what means and ends, what principles, or darkness if
bounded by the false, those who serve it, obey it as if the master.
here cybernetic feedback likewise at all interconnected levels else
its incapacitation, making the living captive to those ceasing to live,
to grow, to evolve beyond existing constraints, limited beliefs, ideas.
the fix of ideology the danger, wrong assumptions and modeling or
subversion of view and awareness to contain, trap, mislead, control
so the idea of information related to intelligence connected with this
condition of LIFE, perhaps related also to plants and awareness, of
a natural condition of sentience even, perhaps, as biome, as with
the Gaia hypothesis of earth as supraorganism, living entity unto
itself as a larger totality or 'living ecosystem', [2] Earth as being.
i think also the book A Guide for the Perplexed delved into this
area in terms of a progression of life, from mineral to vegetable to
animal to human. [3] if not mistaken, from evaluating the wikipedia
page, the issue of nesting exists in that each higher form of life has
within it those underneath it; thus the human is inextricably related
to the mineral, vegetative, animalistic, of which they are composed,
as this also effects consciousness, awareness, and intelligence [4]
a personal experience about this issue of 'living ecosystems' that
themselves may have a larger awareness or consciousness than
just the part -- say, a forest as a supraorganism that is sentient...
(developed a close connection and friendship with a wild deer and
learned how to communicate with her. then observed behavior in
various settings, role of muteness, listening, scent, wind, shiny
objects, distance, motion, fear, nutrition, locomotion, etc. and
when relocating the deer into a more wilderness environment,
it became apparent how she was one-with-the-environment in
a way that an urban park did not allow, as if in wrong circuitry;
deer can basically disappear within a few feet in a forest, and
be totally silent at the same time as observing you searching
for them or just moving past, through their domain. then in the
effort to communicate, connection with camouflage and trees
and leaves helped realize how antlers are very much like sticks,
and how 'eyes' on trees, openings in the bark, are like those of
deer and other animals watching or monitoring the area, each
connected to the others, as part of a larger connected system.
as if all eyes of the forest even. part of a larger awareness and
knowing this, having this as consciousness, shared circuitry.
in other words the deer is the forest, the forest is the deer,
the tree is the deer, the deer is the tree, a hidden symbiotic
relation or structural connectivity that goes beyond one entity
or one life, and spans across them as a larger, longer relation
as if functioning together, moving in a shared direction, thus
life dependent on other life, in terms of its dynamic circuitry,
then stresses, pressures, motivations occurring against this)
should have also mentioned issues of governance related to
consciousness and intelligence, knowledge and awareness
as they rely on shared structures and foundations (circuitry)
that allow self-sustaining or connected systems to develop
within certain parameters, and thus origin stories of rocks
and minerals connected with cosmological big bang and
development of universe, galaxies, solar system, planets;
this then physics and chemistry, molecules moving into a
realm of organisms, life, and of vegetation and plants, thus
biology, botany, chemistry, horticulture, (if not aspects of
archaeology, paleontology in terms of research & studies),
then into fauna, animals, realm of biology and zoology if
not anthropology, to move into sociology, anthropology,
economics, politics, culture, 'arts', architecture, crypto.
(note here- question of crypto at mineral and vegetable,
not just present-day context of p2p computer exchange)
also note the role of behaviorist science to treat humans
only as animals, lowering their intellectual status via a
limited model of existence to Darwinian framework that
squares humans with apes, not divine entities or origin,
as this relates to loss of empirical truth, logic, reasoning
within society then enforced by universities, psychiatry
in particular, where 'medicine' helps this devolutionary
process occur, in the black arts of political diagnoses
that reverse the alchemical process: lead to gold via
toxic pills that destroy circuitry and the ability to think,
all to uphold a worldview of humans as merely animals,
managed as livestock, routed to holocaust cattle chutes
here, the ideology buttressed by anthropological skulldiggery
and archaeological equivalence, the sociological likewise as
if all are the same, no matter if ascending or descending in
relation to having once previously ascended or descended,
such that apes becoming more human-like, humans more
apelike, humans more humans, apes more and more ape;
and hell, why not reference Planet of the Apes once again
as a context for Lincoln related civil war of said ideology
so behaviorism backed up by 'political sciences' as cult,
as this translates into a dumbing-down and enforcement
of status quo dynamics, moving from human to the animal,
vegetable, & mineral, the more robotic, base the interactions
and so consciousness, awareness, intelligence, communication
becoming less and less overt time, bounded by psychiatric limits
of what that is perceptible is acceptable in given frameworks, the
'brain police' monitoring everyone as potentially out of control apes,
this slavery, contained within a ideology that has become the state,
requires certain beliefs and conformance to illusory representations
and obey is the only option- or else, there goes your mind & body
biome again, people living in toxic realm, despoiled environment
then forcibly adapted to it if not by peer pressure as selection,
the most unfit and mediocre the champions and successors in
wasteland, just follow brain-dead rules of the machine to survive;
(if that does not work, take these pills and start behaving or else;
children as young as 2 y.o. being dosed by psychiatrists to rewire
troubled beings in such a hellhole, killing off any chance of survival
before turning completely bonkers when cerebrum lights all at once,
essentially programming population of mind-controlled psychopaths;
forgot implant antenna, deranged psych pills enough to circuit design)
so peoples in mental institutions often referred to as vegetables,
as with those brain dead in hospitals, else comatose, operating or
existing in a realm beyond. catatonia, etc. as this tends also to a
realm of mootness, or otherness, perhaps related to the autistic,
of a bounded or limited realm where communication is not occurring
yet should be or once did, those somehow is miswired or rewired
and thus the circuits are not connected or integrated to enable
the internal/external relation, as if person trapped inside the self
and how this relates to communication and balancing, processing
of stimuli, how to make sense of what is going on, especially if
living in a frenetic world that does not make sense to begin with
the correlation to this general condition (it as nausea, malaise)
is a Spore-like entity that can function as essentially brainless,
mindless, and make-do and make-their-way in the labyrinth as
if dungeon master granted special powers and abilities. this is
The Beast known as feelings-only, who matches phase change
and state to what is liked and not liked, what makes happy or
sad or mad, mediating existence on these immediate terms
without capacity, depth, or willingness to consider beyond this
quasi-emotional framework, detached from larger grounding in
surrounding truth, such that judgement can be immediate as
to sensory perception, yet also disconnected from the larger
reality, and instead function as delusion state of being and
mistaken awareness. these people become MANAGERS
(a joke here), many times. and compliance to rules, other
beliefs in a too-simple and stupidistic mindset/framework
then orchestrates and elevates the dumb to supremacy as
'true believers' in the warped model, because of its benefits
to them and their kind, without further question or insight;
just following, enforcing, repeating, extending mediocrity
when these types become teachers, in autocratic status-
based hierarchy, 'truth' is legislated by likable beliefs and
those unliked, disfavored, easily censored based on moral
belief in superiority of this lesser and base existence and
way of being and 'thinking' as if a more limited animal, in
that the human becomes a trained ape by such relation,
as it becomes education, career, 'voting', and otherwise
so, choosing to be vegetable, choosing that path, and
communicating or scenting and signaling in that realm,
procreation, spawning more of such kind automatically,
housing, feeding, schooling, refining a given production
to enable such a mindless population to manage us,
the lower then determining actions of those higher in
a realm of functioning, awareness, ideas, capacities;
and because politically correct, illegal to say anything
against this for fear of upsetting those benefiting from it
another aspect is drug culture in the supposedly non-legal
domain though also hypocritically mainstream, thus law
does not apply if favored, yet is used to imprison others
unprotected. professional drug users staying out of prison,
others with any infraction that threaten the state: goodbye
then moralizing about anything from this perspective as if
universal quite problematic, if only for the massive bullshit
factor it involves on a corrupt societal scale, prophets of
counterculture too many to list, though enough shithead
musicians represent into the present day, so it becomes
unnecessary- just turn on media and see the idiots posing
as if enlightened, encultured to wasteland as peak, ideal
instead of base, bottom-feeding, making profit from shit
within this context of counterculture, drug zeitgeist the
counter pendulum to rise of psychiatric and its duplicity,
the structural connection and association with 'new age'
of consciousness, awareness, philosophical beliefs and
questioning of principles, religious, spiritual, every other
so quaaludes and acid trippers reach top of mountain as
Moses' and then fall all the way back down again, repeat
this thousands and millions of times, the more piling on,
and this too a search for enlightenment for many, if not
of destroying the self in order to find the self once again,
the displacement then involving recentering, and a way
into questioning and other way and types of knowing
the problem is that it is removed of its depth, grounding
as ritual and of potential spiritual practice and instead
can function in a realm of the base and profane, and
thus tends towards devolutionary processes rather
than the opposite, indicating growth beyond existing
boundaries, not just in a single realm, though overall,
in the total circuit. for example, you could be in bliss
temporarily yet residing in a shithole for the rest of life
and it may not balance out or move beyond this or
even be able to be sustained, the destructive cycle
where drugs can short-circuit via near-term fixes
for longer-term problems, larger situations beyond
the self, yet drugs can entrap people in their own
smaller worldviews, create boundaries not open up
connections, and rely on synchronizing with sickness
and toxic conditions and become further a part of
its structure, the downward force and momentum,
yet not accounted for this way, taken out of context
that is the bullshit about too-easy enlightenment,
that it is in the pill and not in the self to begin with,
and about access and unlocking and not substituting
a life for a parallel condition existing outside or beyond
it, no longer responsible or responsive to surroundings,
then becoming this ecosystem, eyes and ears of the
drug even, which is the larger point of the vegetative
people becoming cocaine, becoming heroine, they
as if plants, the awareness of 'like=like' then mapping
into consciousness with others and hidden subculture,
knowing who is within a similar domain or functioning
based on subtle clues and intelligence and signaling
who has gone far into the void, who knows what you
know or has seen what you have seen. what kinds of
knowledge, misery, motivations, betrayals, violence,
deceptions. what kind of treachery hangs in the air
as a potential, what parameters or dimensions exist
in superposition that given nearby circuitry could alight
this can be a realm of seers and sages and prophecy,
of intelligence if grounded, connected to ideas, yet it
can as easily lead into babble and vacancy of truth
beyond the illusion, lead astray into further falsity,
and thus how a person is grounded then influences
how drugs effect and their mediation, what results
this could be a healthy controlled practice that is
medicinal and rite-of-passage, or it could lead towards
loss of greater truth or purposes, and people instead
devolving to the drug, becoming trapped, encrypted
in its domain, surrogate yet also societal parasite
doing bidding of forces subhuman, antihuman even
as organisms seek to control and define territory as
ecosystem, the orchid keeping insects alive for its
own good, drugs governing others nervous systems
the plague of their effectiveness is not only in body,
it is also in the brain and mind, where drugs can limit
sensory considerations into a narrow range and thus
'intelligence' can become confined to a smaller world
and view as ecosystem that relies on false constraints
required for the ecosystem to function as it already does
thus institutionalizing what can be inequalities or biases
or injustices to sustain what is a false-consciousness
at the universal level it may be perceived or believed,
in some sense artificial or unnatural, unreal, a fiction
yet inside this circuitry, it may be 'the most real reality'
consider the human entity as circuit, the nervous system
having a spinal column mapping nerves, sensory feedback
of body into brainstem and 'mind', the capital of the column
consider this is a platform for development, and how any
nutrients or vegetation or carnivore activity then influences
this system in its functioning, the parameters it exists and
sustains itself within, in terms of its governance as scaled
to a larger shared relation with others, in structural terms
(ie the state). thus, any atoms and molecules that go into
this feedback-based system have certain functioning that
result in how it all relates, the dynamics of interaction and
exchange, where truth resides and how it is processed,
not totally unlike a pinball game in its tallying of points
so, if eating some minerals, say having water from a
spring, there could be iron in the water that effects how
a person functions, like vitamins, which then programs
certain cells or influences function, say in regard to blood
somehow or various organs that process these nutrients
or manage those parameters as part of total metabolism
water and humans create a circuit. water is a circuit and
humans are a circuit and together they combine. and it
goes into ecosystems, clouds, environment, ground,
such that if the land is toxic the water is likely effected
and thereby the person, even if in trace amounts, as part
of how the larger ecosystem is balanced, finds alignment
and adjusts or adapts or deteriorates in given dynamics,
perhaps a person becomes ill from lead in the water, etc
likewise, leafy greens in a salad as circuitry, food, and
meat, say from a cow, as this relates to how ingredients
used for daily diets effect and are effected by a larger
circuit, of self though also of groups of people, the state
they together compose, and the environment itself as a
part of this relationship, dynamic, in existing dimensions;
how these are or are not accounted for, then, precluding
what is tallied or 'acknowledged' and in what ways, else
denied, say chemicals on plants that promote cancer
via homeopathic approach, poisoning via 1,000 disease
vectors to eventually hit the genocide jackpot over time;
so too, raising cattle in debilitating conditions, injecting
with hormones to negatively effect humans down range,
eating spiked levels of animal stress and pain as circuit,
perhaps losing nutrition though gaining the amplification
of similar disease promotion via chemical absorption
into cells, their malfunctioning, all part of the plan
this as circuitry, toxic ecosystem functioning against
LIFE, devolving humans to livestock yet vegetable and
eventually robots via very same ideology of technique
removed of higher truth than what is politically allowed,
thus allowing social, behavorial, mental-engineering to
head towards this as if nirvana, 'enlightened following'
where greatest capacity is equated with end of cycle
of existence, by way of extinction of human 'species';
and it is legislated no less. how stupid do people have
to be to go along with it, especially unthinkingly, without
resistance or taking it on as a situation... why is there
an absence of intelligence in dealing with the basics
here, why the gap? perhaps everyone is stoned and
playing games on their fucking iphones, using PGP
to complain about how crooked things are, IDFK
and yet enlightened, opinionated, at same time helpless,
pathetic, yet self-righteous as if superior awareness or
knowing while incapacitated and unwilling to take the
leap into the maw of death enough to trust greater truth,
that the purpose is much larger than any person and that
an infrastructure exist, nature itself, to remedy this situation
beyond all the lies, and yet there is lack of faith or belief--
in truth. in logic. in reality beyond a limited warped view
reliant on relativism, the lies and betrayals of education
becoming commonplace as viewpoint, turned against self,
people cannot even trust their own minds, so thoroughly
mistaken and beholden to external validation of what is
so basically, the individual is fucked. the shared set of
people absolutely absent from engaging the situation in
the terms it exists, beyond the self and small groups
that still can rely upon and benefit from the bullshit factor
and various other limits, impeding larger ecosystem truth,
being that is beyond existing boundaries or misconceptions
then it is a time of count of be counted, who is awake
and who is aware and who serves truth and is willing to
make sacrifices and who are those doing it already and
how is this all connected in a larger structural framework,
as it relates individual awareness in varying dimensions with
others, molecular processing of interconnected consciousness
and where does mind meet its embodiment, deeds, not only
words, and at what scale or what limitation, what amount of
self-serving bullshit and privilege versus sacrifice, losing the
egostic framework that requires its own safety to persist,
disconnection from suffering as if above, instead corrupted
and serving self firstly and projecting this outward to others;
unaccounted for, how much betrayed by the psycho-logical,
a great many tells exist for parameters that remain para-
and thus insight can tend towards involution, yet warped
and ungrounded, as if superior knowing when actually less
thus is the nature of the egotist who believes because of
station to know everything, even though wrongly, while
mocking another who thinks they know something, as if
that is the arrogance and an impossible, due to superiority
on these themes then, there are people who journey into
a realm of drugs and document their research, such as
ethnobotanist Terrance McKenna, [5] and this tends also
towards Thompson-Leary cryptography, [6] in that it is not
only the signaling of plants themselves though their effects
within people and culture, which extends this signaling at
human scale and in human dynamics and ecosystems,
that could be sacred or profane, given implementation
though perhaps also more than this: toxic and poison
exists and being able to absorb it can deteriorate not
enhance in the ways believed as if all is transcendent,
or like climbing mountains, leads to heights not depths;
(if living in an inverted world, things may be backwards)
(note here: as with crystals and piezo-sensors as organic
or natural circuitry, the chemical compounds and circuitry
of drugs, both those defined legal and illegal [7][8], as it
relates to how that circuitry, visualized, may correlate with
certain dimensions and parameters of its effects, in that
the different visual structure maps to different systems in
the body and mind, different ecosystems or dynamics.
thus, like a custom programmed IC or microcontroller,
so too Aspirin or Ambien or Acid or patterns delivered.
in other words: where's the message, what is the key,
where is the information, what is encrypted, how is this
circuitry, how does it map, metabolize, transform and
change, positive and negative dynamics, feedback...
and not to forget, all of this as language, its calculus)
principles and intelligence related to horticulture, then,
Luther Burbank's work The Training of the Human Plant
[9] as this could relate to culture, cultivation, the cultic
imagination and manifestation, of ideas and of ideology
if raising the vegetable as higher consciousness and
becoming one with nature, it could also involve loss of
certain critical facilities or awareness in turn, and this
could be a danger for a way of being that no longer is
human, or no longer serves a higher truth than what is
accessed immediately and in proximity to the body
in terms of its likes and agreements and hospitalities,
and a movement away from truth or regression could
occur, and thinking could be turned against itself so
that the lower is again the higher, people in service
to something that is less intelligent, though in this
way, combining with the circuit, ecosystem, fusing
and then becoming vegetable, animal. in terms of
rites-of-passage, this may be inherent, as with an
embryological view of reptile, mammalian sections
of brain as it develops, old brain and new, and yet,
to then situate a self in a limiting framework and
obey its constraints could also be to decouple
from the natural world for an illusion replacing it,
a false consciousness believed as if higher truth
here be witchcraft and paganism and other forms,
cannibalism and other practices likewise that can
operate in such physics though also in exploitation
not recognize or serve other truths, this danger of
losing the human, turning to falsity as power. and
thus 'humans as plants' turns to 'plants as human'
and another framework of ethics, morality, judgement
and ways of being potentially aligned in other terms
thus people occupy these realms, some witchcraft
dark and serving against truth, while others good
and using knowledge of nature and its metaphysics
for life, healing, medicine, the paradoxical condition,
the Caduceus [10] and Rod of Asclepius [11], their
dual-role of sickness and health, the importance of
being able to recognize its value and not outlaw it,
the truth involved, yet to do so accurately, clearly,
accounting for actual conditions and not ideological,
which then infects minds, corrupts intelligence, etc
(a double-dealing War of Drugs that is a hypocritical
onesided takedown of political enemies forbids this
yet exploits the condition to retain silence, or else
the NSA will ruin your life and quicken extinction.
this is how evil gets a foothold in society, becoming
governance, people obeying and serving this falsity)
so, what say you to worshiping mandrake root? [12]
"i'm up for it, do you have coke to go along with it?"
perhaps tending to profane here... people becoming this
drug, its deliverance as plague even, as consciousness
that is skewed and distorted and worms its way further
into culture via principles aligned with toxic dynamics,
becoming ecosystem, way of being turns to nothingness.
the void, a mirror-image of knowing that is actually false,
ungrounded in its symmetrical belief, incorrectly aligned
with events yet not accounting for structural aberrations
and therefore ignorance a basis of such supreme belief,
as if above it all, operating in a realm of higher awareness
when instead a conceit that does not correlate with reality
and eventually, to be accounted for in cosmic ecosystem
what this is to suggest is that, people becoming plants
is a devolutionary process, a regression of intellectual
capacity that returns to feeling-based diagnostics that
can be localized out of other dimensional frameworks
that were once connected, coherent, and correlated
as lies and falsity are normalized, toxic poison of mind
that is shared amongst many can, like invasive species
overtake localities, growing and thriving in place of the
natural habitat, with devastating consequence for the
prospects of life on terms against the ecosystem, or
ecosystem engineered to be against sustaining of life,
these destructive principles of death and hate, turning
people into lower lifeforms, humans as subhumans, as
if only apes or less than this even, judged, sentenced
to death via this insane and evil ideology, this artifice,
unaligned, disconnected, hostile to nature, life, love
then it should be mentioned- turning this into religion...
use of what seems to be a multimeter to diagnose the
human in its electromagnetic circuitry, as lying plant,
though to question Scientology methodology, if this
fever graph is mapping of galvonic skin response or
perhaps 'information' in its vibrational context, as the
circuits would be different, and perhaps another layer
or boundary of interpretation exists between these, in
that non-acoustic acoustic phenomena could be judged
as acoustic, or non-acoustic as electromagnetic yet the
circuits evaluated could be too simple for what is involved
and thus the problem of thinking, of logic and reasoning
in relativistic frameworks that could tend towards rule
of behaviorism _over mind, over higher awareness and
in this way- the rule of language over people, so that
ideas must conform to a given rationalization, ideology
that can be wrong-headed or wrong-minded or of wrong
or inaccurate beliefs yet unchecked as ecosystem and
in this way, mislead or rely on certain 'limited knowing'
versus actual understanding or comprehension beyond
a given faulty framework, where short-circuiting could
be the key to health and not just sickness, correcting
every anomaly leading to forced silencing, versus the
role of sensors, the diagnostic evaluation, clues that
map out circuitry yet not necessarily in their entirety,
the mystery much larger than any parts combined,
when disconnected from ecosystem as if controlled;
the false consciousness default if methodologically
forcing such truth, grounding to the false all too easy,
perhaps the main sickness of institutions over time,
corruption from reliance on ideas divorced from truth
beyond narrowed limits, losing self-awareness while
representing it as if pillar or structure, foundation for
others, symbolic, yet still potentially ungrounded,
the problem of being blinded from believing to know
and yet in this belief, forbidding such awareness
in other words, once again, attaining grounding in
an unnatural or toxic habitat, as this potentially can
relate to lies or falsity, and then 'enlightenment' by
the normalization of this ecosystem relation that
can function in negative, hostile, immoral relations
and dynamics for food, survival, shelter, knowledge,
then going on to represent and replace culture that
was to serve life and now is about serving death and
a certain range of parameters, dimensions, dynamics
that are 'healthy' and 'good' for this diseased condition
and its state of being that is centered on nothingness,
no higher goals than the base and material exploitation
crypto in this context, signaling, as patterns and signs,
symbols and their processing, relations based on these,
correlation between circuitries, issues of competing biomes
and ecosystems, different if hidden ecosystems, ecologies,
different mechanisms and dynamics, as this maps onto
forms, artifacts, events, to be read/written as language,
the correlation of dimensions, shared or unshared, like
or unlike, those who are vegetable-like feeling-based if
not connected with the false world and the oppression,
versus those thinking beyond, into/from other principles-
all of it as circuitry, consciousness, signaling, codes,
crypto, messaging and communications, protocols,
layers, habitat, food, poison/medicine, culture, flow
what is the greater consciousness of the false order?
perhaps the shared lie as it maps to realms of artifice
what is the greater consciousness of truth?
perhaps shared being in the world, truth, live, love
in this way, two entities and existences, information
and its circuits grounding either to truth or to falsity
(the paradox: never beyond a realm of good and evil)
0. [images] humans as plants (visual correlation)
1. Panspermia
2. Gaia hypothesis
3. A Guide for the Perplexed
4. ibid. Levels of Being (equations)
5. Terence McKenna
6. crypto-p.wd
7. The Molecular Expressions Pharmaceuticals Collection
8. recreational drugs under the microscope
9. The Training of the Human Plant (pdf/html)
10. Caduceus
11. Rod of Asclepius
12. MANDRAKE IN PROFILE
13. 12hr-ISBN-JPEG Project

@_date: 2013-12-25 15:29:59
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: blackflag operations 
at a certain point in my independent research it was
realized that the US flag itself represented the existing
problem encountered with ideology and rule-following
that automatically functions against core principles,
such that 'the stars' were of false constellations and
'the stripes' were more those of prison bars, to hold
the population captive inside a hierarchical top-down
structure, which i equate with a conceptualization in
Networks of Power, of system, order, and control [1]
as it determines economic, social, political dynamics.
thus the US flag, its symbolism, is part of the problem
in terms of its rigid adherence, especially in a realm of
patriotism and xenophobia, such that it appears to deign
reasonable the US as world empire without questioning
its own failures or correcting for them, only extending it
further outward, which then serves policies the hidden
US dictatorship perfectly, as long as silence is upheld
and no communication is possible about these issues.
(that is, in terms of reasoning of empirical truth as this
would be observed by the law as the basis for power,
versus making the constitution a relativistic document
interpreted via power determining what the signs mean)
in this way, so too the powerplant and grid of development
that underlines present-day civilization, a centralized and
hidden realm of top-down power and control governed by
private interests said to function on behalf of the public,
yet with little evidence of this within ruins of the planet.
in other words: power delivery is related to governance.
and how power flows in one-direction and 'represents'
certain goals and ideals that do not map into the local
issues or shared values beyond a certain framework or
mindset that makes monetary profit is greatest truth.
and yet truth does not work this way. which is to say,
it is not invalidated by ignoring or censoring it out of
existence within these domains, it still exists though
is isolated, disconnected, and thus loses its power
via a false-worldview that takes its place via lies and
deception, a shared illusion that is ungrounded yet
sustained in a bubble, antihuman in word and deed.
in terms of consciousness, much of this is known
and experienced day to day, life to life, yet remains
uncommunicable due to the loss of language, the
absence of connection in realistic terms, about this
inhuman condition, the center of civilization becoming
that of nothingness, of lost souls at the core of it, this
essential vacancy of meaning, devaluing of knowledge
beyond what interests and benefits those in authority,
and thus a seemingly irrational situation exists and is
mediated, one by one, that does not add up nor does
it make any sense, part to whole, because all is left
is fragmented and misaligned, dumbed down, warped
and skewed such that a hall of fun-house mirrors is
the limit to daily reflection in status quo relations, as
nothing more can be said than some finite limit where
the basic situation cannot even be acknowledged, so
hostile is the background and near-field effects, that
any error or wrong thought could jeopardize survival
and force a person into exile or worse, via all-seeing
accountants for conformity, verifying and making sure
the brain washing is effective, all remain followers of
the ideological framework, staying within its confines
and so knowing is disconnected for saying or even
thinking, people detached from themselves and others
and then to awake and find oneself situated in this way;
essentially without being, without access to their own
true nature or capacity or abilities, instead neutered
by what is now convention, via subversion, deception
electromagnetism as the context for the US flag then
recontextualizes some questions of vexillology [2], in
that evaluating the symbolic structure of the flag in its
relation to electrical infrastructure as a system of power
that extends beyond electricity into issues of politics of
the state, including waging of war for natural resources,
and likewise systems based on this ordering, visualized
in urban and rural artifacts of transmission pylons and
distribution poles, then provides further context for the
issues of control - including 'surveillance' in this same
top-down structure, which serves the hierarchy firstly,
to retain its existing historical organization, however
hollowed out and corrupted, used as a false-flag op
in thinking through issues of endless war in the
Middle East and the nonsensical War of Error as it
relates to failure of ideas to govern state actions and
instead submission to faith in leadership and hidden
policies and political agendas, antihuman in ideology
and nature, due to their inaccuracy, loss of capacity
in thinking and language that then functions against
citizens and life, instead of on behalf of these -- this
situation then becoming 'source code' and program
based on flawed and wrong-minded processing of
actions, using, relying upon, exploiting loopholes
in the US constitution as basis for what is possible,
this becoming morality and ethics and its own truth,
the danger of action being untethered from grounded
reasoning and instead FAITH-BASED in ideology of
rightness, with no remaining checks and balances
after the orchestrated power grab, post-coup (41)
in which the state is opposed to truth that does not
serve and submit to this hidden agenda as highest
what have you then, as a citizen in this situation,
do you benefit or are your days numbered as you
wait, channeled into the correct chutes for awaiting
cattle cars, death panels and Obamacare first steps
enough is enough, sanity must regain its place, and
reason based in grounded truth must be secured for
anything other than this automatic decline to continue
into a realm of pure hate and unrestrained evil, driven
by the state in its godless construction and operation
in this way, US Blackflag operations were called for
to regain control over the state and its actions via
an emergency measure built into the constitution that
allows a constitutional convention to be called if or when
the state goes off course due to legal guidelines once written
yet which function against the very principles they stand for
and thus, to raise the Blackflag as the symbol and sign of
this human citizen, to reclaim control over the shared state
and its governance, and remove the existing US flag from its
role as oppressor of its own and other populations, in that
the truth of the US Constitution has become decoupled from
its accounting in logic, beyond that of shared opinion within
language (sign=sign based pattern matching), such that the
views 'believed' are ideological, based and reliant upon ever
shifting relativism that maps to motives of power & authority
over this process of interpretation, as institutionalized, this
the very structure of society, politics, economics, yet within
a bubble view that cannot be falsified, contested, debated
even (see: closed, onesided mass media), and this as the
authority, the 'mind' at the top of the machinery, that sees
and observes everything in this warped, unreal self-serving
viewpoint, that what is good for it is the best for everybody,
any number of rationalizations reinforcing this viewpoint,
and yet no error correction anywhere allowed, especially
in a legal context, because truth itself has been outlawed
thus the ability to critique or correct the malfunctioning of
the state is an impossibility, given the loss of reasoning
that no longer relies upon empirical truth for verification
and validation of processes, and instead 'shared belief'
and a 'superior knowing' takes this place, without anchor
to truth outside a binary simplism, yet beyond correction
for its errors, because they can be ignored, denied, and
the other side destroyed, as is necessitated ideologically;
one side must lose for the other side to win, these "rules"
blackflag would counter this coup and takeover of the state
by a hostile invading population by regaining legal control
over its decision-making and accounting for events in terms
of accountable truth, not allowing secrecy and privilege to
stand-in for assurances of 'good intentions' underneath it all,
at the same time those opposed to institutionalized criminality
are being weeded out of civilization one by one, via surveillance
and attacks against basic existence and subsistence, those
of the traitorous state having been empowered by the takeover
to go the next step, the purging of dissenters and dissidents,
of any who threaten their agenda, privatizing the public realm
and denying services to those not of their shared demographic
in this way, so too, US taxes serving this group primarily as
others go without or are attacked by these same services,
health care becoming administering of disease and death,
social services to increase helplessness and incapacitation,
maximizing profits while engineering conditions impossible
to survive, thus crushing the life out of those at the bottom
and making each year more difficult than the last, death as
if a gift, it cannot arrive early enough, genocide as if mercy
my first attempt at conveying these ideas was to recolor the
US flag as all black while retaining its stars and stripes as
the structure[3]. the problem with this was that it revealed
the ideological formatting of the state, in its rigid lines and
ordering that are the manifestation of this corruption of the
historic compact between individuals & larger organization,
and how governance at the top requires imprisoning those
below, as part of the warped structural dynamics relied upon
and thus injustice built-into the system, its foundation, this
notably in 'mankind' as the shared identity, this privatized
viewpoint scaled to the public allowing any individual to act
in pure selfishness without regard or responsibility to others-
this enshrined in law, outdated as viewpoint, 'the public' does
not exist in this state beyond an 18 century notion, and this
is exactly how this corruption is allowed operate today, by
not acknowledging this condition and correcting it in law-
which requires logic, 3-value and N-value logic, to prove
the binarist viewpoint wrong though also immoral, illegal,
unethical, and yet this very 'reasoning' is forbidden today.
i began to sew, having a black nylon technical fabric,
the goal being to generate a more accurate structure for
the flag that would reflect or in some way represent the
actual dynamics of truth within society, these ideals and
principles of the US constitution in a shared human context,
where both men and women are equal as citizens, and that
people operate in different conditions yet function together
as part of a larger dynamic, an ecosystem that becomes
the state via a decentralized and distributed organization,
scaling from local to national if global contexts, conditions,
situations, aligned via shared dimensions, truth as value
the flag that resulted [4] has a slightly different symbology.
there are many stars, points of light, though some of these
become larger stars via their connected patterning (that is,
points connect or scale up into larger star structures, and
some may be separated at any moment & other combined)
the goal was to demonstrate that constellations of people
or ideas can form, amongst points of individuals, organize
into patterned structures that form a basis for shared order,
and while in the photograph of the flag it is not visible, there
are various regions or boundaries for these relations/events,
where some of these points and stars exist within the same
limits and others exist beyond or outside a given threshold.
(there were additional close-up photos though i do not have
most any of my work archived, though the language of the
zigzag stitching defined these various regional boundaries,
that then translates into near or far within larger ecosystem)
add to this then the linking or networking of these 'stars',
that for me are based on the butterfly paper clamp and also
on the star as a high-voltage transmission pylon or tower, in
this way, structural interconnections can be conceptualized
as -p-o-w-e-r-l-i-n-e-s- and also as the invisible lines that link
together constellations invisibility mapping out the night sky
as stars and structures relate, and capture or model meaning,
to include helping with navigation, awareness, and worldview
in this sense pattern recognition is structural, foundational,
and connections and relations between people in shared truth
is this larger empirical awareness, emerging from relativistic
scenarios, as truth is aligned amongst people and related to
and through, in changing dynamics, shared state as circuitry
and information processor, logical reasoning and organization,
this _ground-up leveling of awareness, ideas, intent, action,
virtue, truth, justice, development, higher purpose, ideals
in this way, so too, power delivery, locally to regionally and
how it scales based upon its shared relation with truth and
those who serve it, as this contrasts with the US flag and
its institutionalization where such dynamics are disallowed,
and people are silenced in these relations, truth vanquished,
something else taking hold, terrorizing citizens in its place
this call for the blackflag to rise and replace the corrupt
US government by legal means, regaining control of the
failed state via constitutional right, then is a challenge to
the reigning falsity that rules and politically 'governs', using
its power against citizens to secure its power indefinitely,
relying on illegal means and methods beyond accountability
due to secrecy and privacy that only applies to oppressors,
while such protections are removed for enemies and used
to exploit and force the downfall of those who live here
the language then may become shared, that yes, such
high insanity must be acknowledged and thus the charade
can be further extended to allow continuing control as these
subversive others continue to attempt to control the reins of
state action, at any cost. and thus mimicry could exist that
seeks to 'represent' this cause via a traditional mindset that
is corrupted by ideology and "believes" something other than
what is said, serves some unacknowledged agenda or view,
that is only camouflaged by the flag, and thus is assumed
to retain control, whatever the shifting dynamics by relying
on the same structures to persist, whatever the new color
in this way, the blackflag yet another false flag for these
traitors who would exist alongside those involved, grounded
within this structural awareness of truth, its transparent and
logical accounting beyond skewed binary onesidedness. a
realm of imposters, mimics, cheats and frauds thus would
continue and yet to juxtapose, compare and contrast these
dynamics, it should be clear that 'the rationale' is entirely
different for these two flags [5], they are not the same idea,
and do not sustain the same beliefs, principles, or ordering
they are actually set against one another in this very moment,
as changes begin to be wrought and pressures exist that still
constrain such actions, based upon resistance, power and
authority based on forbidding what is best for human citizenry
the ideological grid of the present is a cage, a prison camp
purpose-built for human holocaust whereby truth is denied
and eventually outlawed, nonexistence as the present day,
people trapped and existing inside an illusion, not living, only
trying to sustain themselves, keep breathing in the cemetery
in this condition, this separation into many, the individual parts
begin communicating, realize connections in grounded truth
that establish this empirical framework needed, and it involves
taking down the walls built by the state, its prison bar stripes
and false-stars and false-constellations based on emulation,
the state as hollywood movie production, leaders as actors
playing a role on the world stage, versus addressing issues
that exist and being held accountable for such 'representation'
driven by taxation that grows this machinery while seeking to
extinguish citizens inside who do not obey or are the enemy
of those with power. that is what can be seen within various
signs and symbols, language, calculus, patterns & geometry
the difference between these flags is the difference between
ideas and ideology, shared truth versus shared falsity and lies,
freedom versus imprisonment, responsibility versus greed and
unfettered selfishness, duty in opposition to vanity and frivolity,
the network versus the grid, being vs. nothingness, humanity
versus antihumans, individuals vs. institutions, democracy of
human citizens versus corporate democracy, empirical reality
versus relativistic madness, and philosophy versus psychiatry
the existing US flag is the embodiment of politics that replace
the truth with its antithesis which becomes a basis for power,
the blackflag is all about governance, between people who
create and compose the larger state via empirical reasoning
that is based in truth, accounted for and error corrected by
logic, and held accountable and required to change, improve
its functioning, not given the right to ignore its obligations to
people, life, nature, and the larger order it is situated within
the delivery of power will one day arrive, deliverance from this
corrupted condition, within a organized coherent agenda that
regains control over this automated machinery serving wrong
principles and wrong ideas and wrong thinking and beliefs.
there are two orders, represented by these flags. one of
them is aligned with falsity and serves it for its own benefit.
the other serves truth, firstly and wholeheartedly. it is about
how the constitution of a person aligns with those around them
and how this scales and relates and is represented by the state.
the false have their flag. recoloring it is not going to change
anything structural, which is required for the oppression and
exploitation to continue. it can only and must be destroyed as
an institutionalized structure to regain control over the failed state,
as the US constitution outlines and allows. the nature of truth is
conceptualized in the other flag, its blackness has depth and
grounding in principles that reflect those of its people and those
who sacrifice and serve, for greater truth and higher principles
than the base and monetary as if the meaning of life eternal
in other words, no longer will the body govern over the mind,
no longer will the grid determine the network, nor ideology
the truth of ideas. and indeed there is a binary condition
that exists in this situation- between truth and pseudo-truth,
where actual truth grounds to 1 and pseudo-truth to falsity (0).
in this way there is only one value, it is truth. all or nothing.
the US state needs to be brought under constitutional control,
destroy the existing dictatorship, and draft a new constitution
i for one stand against the ongoing criminality of the state
and vote the military take control of its functioning to secure
its actions from those hostile to human citizens and our future
[1] Networks of Power - Thomas P. Hughes
[2] Vexillology
[3] black US flag
[4] blackflag
[5] dual black flags
Alexander Calder 1974 stabile Black Flag

@_date: 2013-12-25 19:51:33
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: conceptual theatre 
in times like these you might expect there would be
music about what is going on, films investigating the
concepts (many quite good actually), other activities,
painters painting (a few) and so on, to establish depth
to conversation and communication instead of enforcing
ideological limits and functioning in limited parameters,
reinforcing traditional feedback loops corruption relies upon
especially plays, literature. perhaps some of the latter in
its detachment or documentary aspects or parallels yet
where is the cultural insight of those most free on earth-
why the silence when searching for 'play on surveillance'
that would have theater delving into realm of importance
and providing critique, frameworks to evaluate ongoing
situations within, instead of- well, seemingly nothing.
- of - the - most - free - people - in - the - entire - world -
with nothing to say or views to share about this situation,
not using their rights or freedoms -- adding up to nothing
fucking disgraceful. shameful, self-indulgent, self serving
hypocrisy. as if bureaucracy must sign off on everything.
no allowable risk. disneyification of the entirety of culture,
endless reruns of previous ideas and interpretations yet
no one with enough insight to frame this given picture?
or is it fear that holds people back, silence is safety
no one willing to take a stab at it, and then another
to regain a space and place lost to complacency and
lack of will, responsibility, greater purpose than money
certainly playwrights of the past would have engaged,
though what about direct engagement, for understanding
to model the situation and evaluate it as only theater
can do, to create other atmospheres that capture these
situations and make what is ineffable due to abstractness
tangible, realized, understood, and relatable through use
of actors and storytelling and stage and props, scenery
my contribution to this, as a structural idea for plays
about surveillance society, free for use as a concept:
that a stage with one person, at other times two people
(or more) could exist as if on a basketball court, whereby
bleachers would exist on either side of the main area
1) this could involve a central stage with two bleacher wings,
splayed out facing an audience as if vanishing perspective
2) else it could be an actual school gymnasium with large
bleachers where a theatric performance takes place
see: concept for stage design and structure for play
here is the idea. people in the bleachers are surveillers,
they may either sit on the sidelines, and then aspects of
the play could move in parallel in these other dimensions
(geospatial, store tracking, license scanning, credit card
history, database mining and advertising, listening to calls
and keyword mapping, metadata, tracking receipts, etc)
in version 1 (above) they would then be functioning the
_background, otherwise invisible to the people in the center
of their daily lives, behind this hidden threshold of rules, laws,
language that forbids understanding of this condition at the
same time it defines the existence and actions of the people
warping or skew of data, the hypocrisy of tracking details by
companies or reselling of data, public-private profit strategies,
extortion, blackmail, political abuse, marketing, web adverts,
social network mapping, any of this commentary introduced
into this position of the actors at center stage as they relate
with others, such as using the phone or a computer, as this
links to people or topics, 'feedback' as various events occur
in version 2 (above) the same dynamics could occur though
with plants in the audience, sitting amongst others in the
bleachers, perhaps people wearing all black suits, dark
glasses, holding strange equipment, and instructions for
those in the bleachers to relay messages (the telephone
game) where a signal is passed along regular routes and
thus input is transformed by output, then passing this data
back into the play, as improvisation. for instance, a "secret"
could be passed into the bleachers by an informant, and
then by a defined route, 10 or 15 people in a given line or
sequence (marked by graphics) could be part of this flow
of data, having to relay what they heard one to the next,
to get the data to the black suited mystery people, and
thus the message they receive is then output as signal
back into the play, to those center stage or others who
are inacting with it, such that 'traveling to sign-ville' then
becomes 'unraveling the dollar bill' when later output, etc
thus, this kind of conceptual format would allow creative
expression and exploration of issues, perhaps it would
be best and most informed by technical consultation
with privacy or security and-or other experts, including
data from those surveilled, such that a larger sense of
what this involves could be sketched for citizens so that
its impact and importance could be gauged in a context
of daily living, to what extent this data gathering and this
tracking and watching is going on, and what principles it
is currently be driven by and how laws do not exist that
can constrain its functioning against citizens day to day,
and that everyday situations involve these dimensions
and issues of privacy, security, and such exploitations
playwrights have the unique skills to convey such
cultural messages and raise consciousness, and do it
in a memorable and intriguing and innovative way. where
is the equivalent of the Snowden of playwrights, perhaps
such a format could be reinterpreted by a dozen or more
playwrights, from varying angels or degrees or settings.
what if the structure is modular, and can add, subtract,
or modify the ideas of other plays using this structure,
and thus open or free source the play for interpretative
exploration and development. it is the information and
the perspective that is important, the truth of what is
going on. theaters are places for living ideas, not the
continual regurgitation of those dead and lifeless as if
highest value or truth. there is missing data of today,
who is willing to approach to present and convey what
it involves, using all the resources available to transmit
important information and ideas, start and sustain the
conversation beyond its existing, stifling boundaries
freedom does not exist if it is not made use of. and
it goes away if seeking permission to do something,
because somewhere along the line it may involve risk.
but isn't it worth trying to do something and seeing what
the real situation is, and then knowing from that, then to
not even try, not even do anything, and supposed to know
by not taking it on, accepting defeat without ever fighting
there have got to be some playwrights willing to take
on these issues. if they exist, hopefully so, it would be
interesting to see what such plays involve in their content
and approaches to conveying and conceptualizing issues
of cyberspace, hacking, surveillance, attacks, and so on
929-2010   780-2888   810-4356

@_date: 2013-12-25 21:33:36
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: conceptual theatre (addenda) 
another approach to conveying ideas about surveillance
through theater is via commentary on HDTV split-screen...
   +-------------------+--------------------+
     critique      |     television     |
                   |        show        |
     o   0 o       |                    |
   0 | 0 | |  ==>  |     0       o      |
   | | | |o|  ==>  |    /|\ <--> /\     |
  o|  o|  |   ==>  |     \       ||     |
  | 0 | O |   ==>  |     /\      ||     |
  | | | |          |                    |
   +-------------------+--------------------+
the aspect ratio could use or shrink a 4:3 aspect ratio for a given show or
new content, and then alongside it, to the left have a call center or
fundraising booth approach, in league with MSTK3 [3302032.9200] style
commentary occurring simultaneously with commentary as satire or otherwise,
given original or new content. for instance, an episode for existing or
preexisting television comedy could be thus be recontextualized and
reinterpreted via this approach, where the surveillance society would have
attackers stealing pins via hidden
card readers when an actor uses a cash-machine or purchases something at a
cash register. likewise, make a phone call and the surveillers light up
with commentary about what is going on, adding depth and counterpoint and
absurdity into the illusion of the 'secure' context, presented as if normal
and everyday. in this way, a theater approach could exist via such
conceptual structure and provide a format to explore such ideas via
advanced viewpoints and perspectives otherwise lacking or absent in their
parallelism, as situations coexist in simultaneous, interacting hidden
these dynamics and relations then, thresholds, boundaries, identity and
awareness, as it relates to what is and is not observed, near and far, and
how it is all put together or people remain oblivious to the context of
their own existence via lack of information or legal protection from
events, and shared and-or unshared quasi-'reality' - perhaps a form of
wilderness, a condition of rogue ideology waiting for ideas capable of
evaluating it
[3302032.9200] Mystery Science Theater 3000
hing (hen   ated wid   ional sta

@_date: 2013-12-31 15:20:29
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
References: <4dcbb04f7c2c485eb43d18e222b0f9a8
 <20131231051456.GC25536
 <52C3257D.6000707
 a few observations related to the video presentation:
1) often hear issues about legitimacy of mass surveillance in relation to
'targeted surveillance' as delineator, whereby legitimate targeting is
afforded to actual threats to the state and its required security measures
that likely involves way more in the realm of reasoning and undocumented
information than people are aware of, to determine whether or not a threat
exists and if such measures are necessary in terms of state security.
thus, surveilling of individuals who are problematic (either as actual foes
- aka terrorists, dangerous criminals, spies - or those wrongly-categorized
though falling into this same catch-all category) yet where oversight or
high fidelity review may not exist and thus reasoning may be weak for who
is targeted along with those who are legitimate threats.
meaning: in the talk the group or category of 'Muslims' were mentioned as
surveillance targets, though perhaps not all of these, yet in relation to
profiling, it would suggest mass surveillance could exist in certain
communities moreso than in others. in that the individual scales into a
group target, the weighting of probability perhaps moving higher in certain
demographic characteristics shared as part of a threat model outline. so
too, activists against business interests and so on, depending upon how
privatized the surveillance model is, what it is being used for, how it is
leveraged for political agendas, etc.
and so oftentimes in the mainstream viewpoint it tends to be that the
targets that tend towards some fraction of 1% of the population are likely
legitimate targets (say, 0.00001%) so that, as an example, a US population
of 314 million people has around 3,139 actual threats that would justify
surveillance measures in terms of their violent activities that threaten to
undermine the state or pursue terrorist actions against the population
(unless false flag engineered, etc).
and here is my contention with this view, and how a category such as
'ethnicity' or 'religion' may indicate there are other potential dynamics
that legitimate mass surveillance, and so it may be a fallacy to uphold
this perspective, that only some fraction of 1% are justifiable for
targeted surveillance and not dragnets over the entire population--
because, what if instead the threat involves an invading force, an
occupation, where the opponent tends towards 30% to more than 50% or more,
so that it could be 150 million people and those they are related to that
require tracking and further analysis. and that this is the more likely
threat model, in certain scenarios, depending on how it is calculated. and
could also exist as a paradox, where 'both sides' use the same or similar
surveillance to track opponents, though with different ends such that the
NSA is not a monolithic ideological organization and could be involved in a
deception campaign whereby there is a 'sandbox' for a pretend-NSA operating
as if the NSA, inside the larger organization and this is the context for
issues of who is surveilled, how surveillance is occurring, state- and
world-level honey traps, bear traps, monster traps, and so on.
in plain sight i think there are conditions of a civil war at world scale
and this is the threat model, and there is rotten surveillance that is
driven by the corrupt state, and a surrogate or pretend-NSA at the helm,
itself corrupted yet also contained, and then another threat model that is
monitoring all of this activity via surveillance at the scale of 50% or
greater of the population, in great and intricate detail, that remains
legitimate. and so, a vast forward strategy yet that is invisible, and a
smaller corrupt forward strategy that will be made visible in its
corruption. (set(subset)) dynamics.
in that this complex approach maps to military strategy of the early into
late 20th century, including the aftermath of WWII and politics of Vietnam
war in cultural terms extended into the present, and in terms of
{superset}, millennia of strategic planning likewise, setting up a false
order in order to take it down in an open-source context of Armageddon.
2) it seems bizarre that NSA activities are confined to computer technology
and there is yet no mention of behavioral dimensions to hacking, including
neurological attacks using em tools and weaponry. in that psychologists,
neurologists, psychiatrists and others vital information to hacking people
who are targeted, to program or force into disrepair. for instance, certain
chemicals can enter into the body via food supply and then be triggered via
signals and electromagnetic fields, activating them via remote switch.
chemicals in food supply then like junk dna that allows such custom
targeting at a distance, say via hostile management of infrastructure,
beyond normal rules, boundaries. the realm of mindwarfare and psychological
war, information operations at the covert level _must be tied to this same
NSA infrastructure manipulation if existing and attacking populations, yet
why is it disregarded as part of this context, why is the very direct
connection between EM tech and EM human physiology disregarded a priori as
an attack vector and not dealt with in the human rights context it should
exist within by default, if made readily aware that such dynamics are
inherent- not anomaly - to this aggressive surveillance, goals of behavior
modification, etc.
3) this leads to the issue of how this technology is fielded. if it exists,
the quickest and most distribributed, efficient route for an eight-mile
distant attack would be the cellular tower infrastructure that already
exists. that would turn it from a manual operation with field agents on
site or locally, to an issue of remote administration of these tools and
their automation, such that any person (tending towards 50% of population
model, say) could be attacked, and that it is not a tiny fraction and
instead every single device that could be scaled to the highest threat
model as need be, and thus whatever tools exist to do this would need to
exist in a context of mass surveillance, not individual cases that are few
and far between, because if that is not the nature of the actual threat,
why would tools be restricted in their use to a less-than-necessary
deployment. and thus automated infrastructure deployment seems probable in
this regard.
4) in this way, so too, neurological weaponry and behavior modification
hacking tools would likely coexist in a similar context if deployed and in
use, much more serious than attacking inert tools and equipment. attacking
peoples - citizens - nervous systems and minds, driving people into ill
health or conditions of psychological/physiological torture via these same
technical means, perhaps a sub-branch of NSA or co-use via CIA special
programs or other military venture, yet hostile to citizenry, operating in
a faulty or infallible threat model, exploited by onesided politics of
hidden  dictatorship and so on. that level of realism does not yet exist
though certainly some measure of these hostile tools exist hidden within
the same infrastructure - deployed and leveraged by the corrupt overseers,
so when will Snowden or other documents enter into the neurological and
other health aspects of hacking, cracking, pwnage, etc. that is, invisible
death squads sitting like chess pieces on the city grid, awaiting orders to
attack via next hostile moves, &c.
ksais   ywios   wpswz

@_date: 2013-12-31 15:42:21
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
References: <4dcbb04f7c2c485eb43d18e222b0f9a8
 <20131231051456.GC25536
 <52C3257D.6000707
5) another realization upon hearing the 30c3 talk of Jacob Appelbaum
was the 'earth firewall' then indicates that the NSA controls the internet,
and that it is not operating as a subset within it, and instead everything
that occurs is within its domain....
the earlier belief, even in context of Arpanet origins...
    ( "the Internet" (NSA activities) )
when instead, a more realistic scenario in terms of who controls the
technical infrastructure, aka the foundation of cyberspace...
     NSA (the internet)
this makes a world of difference, because then national networks and
technological development occur 'inside' the framework of NSA and it
essentially governs or manages production of equipment, backdoors
installed, and if corrupt, loss of law within that same context that can
and does served warped political goals, attacking political opponents,
dissidents, those against the ruling ideology. technology allowing this.
    NSA (the internet (countrycodes) )
in this way, a corrupt NSA with dictatorial agenda could have established
default control, and enact, develop, extend hidden political organization
via secret or overt manipulations that gain and secure, solidify power yet
which exist beyond law, 'external governance', even within the state itself
    NSA is god, essentially. having rooted earth and its inhabitants.
    // if technical jargon is correct for a non-programmer
   ...and yet does not observe external truth, adhere to or recognize
   shared laws of the state, the US constitution, and other agreements
   that bind the state to its people, in service, versus in exploitation.
in this way, state violence could be automated, mechanized against
populations that somehow believe the NSA is contained and not the
entity doing the containing. like there is an unrecognized role-reversal
by the corrupt entity in a power grab related to hidden, secret US coup
ywips  ispzn   wzqko

@_date: 2013-12-31 15:59:47
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
References: <4dcbb04f7c2c485eb43d18e222b0f9a8
 <20131231051456.GC25536
 <52C3257D.6000707
it is my belief that 'context is everything' applies to the review
of these same issues and ideas, especially: location^3
consider issues of mass surveillance and mass deployment
of technical means and measures, for saturation potential so
that getting to the target is a non-issue, zero cost essentially
once installed (the role of infrastructure, resolving such issues
by providing a managed platform that readily automate tasks)
consider 'integrated surveillance' tools and capabilities in a
blackbag context. really think a fleet of a 100 tempest vans
exist in every city, or do the economics work against this as
a scalable approach and require instead cellular towers or
wi-fi antennas as a base for such activities to occur. and if
this were possible, would it not be integrated to N-degrees
of capability? consider electronic door locks in a context of
black bag jobs. what if a remote software command could
more easily unlock a car via cellular tower than a person,
and invisibly, (this prior to them driving you off the road in
autonomous or driverless vehicles, exciting future awaits)
so is psychological warfare and other information operations
by default assumed to involve teams on the ground or is it
potentially seamlessly integrated with existing infrastructure
and streamlined as another protocol layer that can or will be
deployed as or if needed, in terms of threat escalation and
what is legitimated in the given corrupt/illegal approach. if
assuming it involves people going from point A to B there
is little likelihood of these activities being deployed at the
scale of mass surveillance, and yet if infrastructure itself,
there is high likelihood or it is probable that they could be
made economical and exist as a potential to be used as
weapons against populations though may only target a
few individuals in the existing context, potentially, thus
0.00001% for more extreme and oppressive measures
may be accurate, in that what is hacked becomes the
person themselves, say via forced disease triggering or
whatnot, as part of this context of hostile surveillance
that in active and passive ways could still be deadly,
just slow drip, over time, versus out-in-the-open where
such attacks could be documented, proven to exist
ystsp  isozo  bxbvi

@_date: 2013-12-31 16:22:04
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Jacob Appelbaum in Germany 
References: <1388445314.96784.YahooMailNeo
 <1388473744.13334.YahooMailNeo
 <006601cf063d$0d4e9820$27ebc860$
 <1388519945.16721.YahooMailNeo
 <52C33963.1000709
In practice, it is pretty obvious that most practitioners of civil
It seems in practice that there is a relation issue involved in
who judges and determines lawfulness in the shared situation.
oftentimes, the person who judges is actually 'the criminal' and
can "represent the state" and 'the people' though misleadingly,
subverting this relation. such that, a person who exists within
and operates in a criminal way, including relying upon lies as
a day to day framework, then convicts those who may break
one law or tell one lie in their lives or go beyond a boundary
out of principle and larger ethics that question the ruleset
and what happens or appears to is that all the power is with
those who cheat, lie, and steal within the state along with
their accomplices, and that these people 'are the state' that
then judges and determines the fate of otherwise law-abiding
citizens or those who seek to serve its best interests, not least
by enforcing its framework or utilizing its freedoms, testing the
parameters only to find they are not observed, are fiction only
(else, perhaps other more active strategies exist though are
correct in principle, in not adhering to laws that are inaccurate
or overbearing and allow the corruption its continuing power)
what this is to suggest is that the judge-convicted relation is:
    99.99% falsity + 0.01% truth   vs.  99.99% truth + error
(in that the evaluation occurs in a warped framework where
judgement is divorced from its own adherence to truth, via
the same corrupted constitution that allows for this relation)
    99% wrong  ---> judgement ---> 0.01% wrong
and yet this viewpoint (based on power) is itself based upon
LIES and deception, unaccountable to the same rules and
thus is beyond law. and thus it _must show falsity in another
yet never allow this to be accounted for in its own viewpoint
or actions-- which is how authoritarian, totalitarian, and the
secret dictatorship triumph in these conditions, because it
is beyond accountability, it is just about believing in higher
power that is based on lies and opinions, as it filters down
into culture via illiteracy, loss of education, social relations,
normalization of vice, oppression, exploitation, criminality
this is why the state must be abolished, because it has
become thoroughly rotten from the inside out due to the
outdated source code that provides loopholes to oppress
citizens and humans and the planet and animals worldwide
due to loss of truth, and making this lying 'legal' as a basis
for 'shared power' by who shares and is in on the lie, as this
then scales and becomes organization, authority, judgement
fjisw  sosip  wsznx

@_date: 2013-12-31 16:34:23
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Jacob Appelbaum in Germany 
References: <1388445314.96784.YahooMailNeo
 <1388473744.13334.YahooMailNeo
 <006601cf063d$0d4e9820$27ebc860$
 <1388519945.16721.YahooMailNeo
 <52C33963.1000709
re:    99% wrong  ---> judgement ---> 0.01% wrong
this is also how 'masters of the drug war' convict
entire generations to subservience and obeyance via
mass surveillance, a threat of pending prosecution
by the very people who engineered the war of drugs
against their own populations to gain total power
via cutting off, neutralizing generations below them
and using a false and unreal ethical framework to
then judge and prosecute political enemies lists
thus solidifying the ruling dictatorship, OOSOOM
(i.e. drug lord determines drug user bad for society
if they challenge authority, use legal rights, etc)

@_date: 2013-12-31 16:45:32
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Jacob Appelbaum in Germany 
References: <1388445314.96784.YahooMailNeo
 <1388473744.13334.YahooMailNeo
 <006601cf063d$0d4e9820$27ebc860$
 <1388519945.16721.YahooMailNeo
 <52C33963.1000709
strange-read-reply function, to paraphrase:
In practice, it is pretty obvious that most practitioners of civil
it is the problem of analysis: focus on the person who takes a gun
and shoots people, not on the pills they were prescribe, the failed
institutions surrounding them, etc. too simplistic, inaccurate model
does not distinguish symptoms from disease, allows it to continue
(lose accurate, empirical logical reasoning, no way to address this,
thus loss of language, no matter encrypted comms, this situation;
because it cannot be modeled or related to in realistic framework,
and thus short-circuits into power games and political engineering,
which is inherently violent and leads to those terms of resolution)
82729   02020  82802

@_date: 2013-12-31 17:06:00
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
References: <4dcbb04f7c2c485eb43d18e222b0f9a8
 <20131231051456.GC25536
 <52C3257D.6000707
i was thinking about 'hidden powerline networking' as a threat
the other day. basically anything that could be plugged into a
socket with hidden one-way networking on chip, that would
be able to siphon network data or use as a sensor or bug &
send this data into a larger circuit, say apartment electrical
wires that could be picked up remotely as frequencies that
are outside ordinary spec, at another onsite location such
that a device simply is plugged into the same site to reveal
or tap into the data. i imagine this is completely TRIVIAL
to accomplish, especially due to no regulatory/enforcement
or consumer protections in a security or commercial context
as it aids surveillance goals, especially in political framework
of secret policing, informers, etc. spying by the populations.
such that anything with a cord potentially could feed such
data, if designed this way. speakers or router or monitor or
printer or clock or lights or blender or microwave, etc. and
that it could seem innocuous, yet have this capacity or this
'surveillance potential' (as in, potential energy vs. applied),
such that grassroots on-site monitoring could be aided and
abetted likewise by such technological compromise, this
in terms of intent and design or perhaps not revealed or
deployed though part of a COT readymade solution that
just requires smd circuitry add-ons to activate functionality
this could be a stupid-model, versus smart expert systems
or total monitoring solutions, the dust mote approach that
leads towards a *density* of surveillance means/measures
what is the square-footage of surveillance in your domain,
etc. how many bugs per cubic meter, what if it was not
one or two and instead, potentially dozens, this beyond
the computer itself, in the realm of what it is possible and
thus a question of where ubiquity may exist when fully
surveilled, to what degree is maximal different in kind
from minimal, such that the garage door opener and
the car and dishwasher and HDTV and phone and the
LED lights and remote-control car are monitoring you,
in addition to computers, cellphone, conversations.
(such as: is your router and neighbors wi-fi being used
as an attack vector, are you being imaged via through-
wall radar via wi-fi, for tracking and monitoring. or being
made ill via out of spec radiation boosting via wi-fi, etc)

@_date: 2013-11-01 14:14:53
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?B?Y3lwaGVybGlua3Mg77yI57ay5Z2A77yJ?= 
Meet The Guy Who Drove Across The U.S. In A Record 28 Hours 50 Minutes
"After Alex Roy set the transcontinental driving record, he waited a
year to come forward – until the statute of limitations expired on
every single illegal act he committed. Ed and Dave waited less than
three weeks."
(a great story involving strategic preparation, musical flow...
risky, daring, record-breaking in mass surveillance context)
DON'T BREW THAT CUPPA! Your kettle could be a SPAMBOT  (via drudge)
Russian report says Chinese appliances hide Wifi slurping spam-spreaders
28 solar flares in the last seven days -- video  (via drudge)
'A sunspot is an area of the sun where the magnetic fields have gotten
all twisted up. "You get a tangled bunch of magnetic fields, and they
get too tangled and too stressed, they end up erupting," said Holly
Gilbert, a solar physicist at NASA Goddard Space Flight Center.'
photographs and videos via solar telescope
(also, consider Van Gogh's sunflowers in this context)
This is how you blow up a planet, according to Neil deGrasse Tyson
Left Or Right Tail Wags Elicit Different Emotional Responses From Dogs
 (via digg)
'"Where this paper is a step forward is to show that those [brain
hemisphere] side biases are actually read or interpreted by another
member of the species," she said. "We have very little if any other
evidence of that."'
Designing an acoustic diode  // metamaterial
"How the Acoustic Diode Would Work:  Sound waves easily flow in two
directions. Yet in nature, total reflection of sound in one direction
is known to occur at the air-water interface. This gave investigators
the idea that an acoustical diode could be constructed by transmitting
acoustic waves using an asymmetric prism to create total
unidirectional reflection."
¶ ½ Ü

@_date: 2013-11-01 15:17:28
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Meet ?badBIOS, 
References:  dune worms as the moving invisible whorls of interdimensional flows
 of truth grounded and entangled within other remote hidden contexts
 while paired, various patterns bridged via resonant connectione
 from what i have heard, though may not understand correctly,
 is that this resonant vibration is not based on surrounding objects
 as a medium (though perhaps air or space) yet that, it is the object
 or material itself which has unique vibrational properties, such that
 any object has its specific, particular tuning (note: A=A logic here)
 and thus a floating balloon attached to a string could feasibly be
 made to resonate if the latex properties were vibrated, yet this
 would not need to occur through the ground or string to happen
 another way of considering the security issue of resonance,
 perhaps beyond audible sound or in concert with EM issues,
 is the sound-isolation chambers for testing electronics in...
 Anechoic chamber
  so imagine the chamber is essentially establishes an inside/
 outside barrier, mainly acoustic, thus creates a wall between
 noise beyond its controlled perimeter and the acoustics inside.
 if you hang an ingot of silicon from a wire in the middle of the
 chamber, it would seemingly have resonant properties that
 if correctly tuned, could cause the silicon to begin vibrating
 so inside the chamber you could have a device that is tuned
 to the ingot of silicon and vibrate it, and who knows, maybe
 it would start to hum or something, or vibrate on the wire
 though this vibration would not necessarily begin on the
 ground or wall or move through the string, it would seem to
 (if understanding correctly) correspond directly to the ingot
 itself and its specific material qualities, its unique 'tuning'
 [note: music tuning corresponds directly with logic itself]
 so imagine that a SCIF is like a anechoic chamber to some
 extent, and that an acoustic barrier existed between what is
 on the inside and what is on the outside of the chamber.
 my presumption or gut instinct is that the acoustic barrier
 would not inherently be able to block all vibration that is
 matched or paired across the universe as a data structure
 (A=A) or block that boundary condition by ordinary means,
 because or perhaps due to its being *informational* or that
 it may not ride upon the material/energy in ways conceived
 maybe this instinct is entirely wrong, though i would wager
 it would be possible to vibrate the ingot from a distance,
 even if inside the anechoic chamber- if not via acoustics
 then perhaps through an opening or seam that allows that
 data to ride in on as if a carrier, though perhaps this is
 entirely wrong and not the correct model of space-time,
 and that it cannot be compartmentalized in this way at all,
 such that like paired photons, you could block the passage
 between them yet they are still connected, and this seems
 to be the same property with resonance, that they will be
 capable of resonating even when disconnected, to include
 all things 'like', if not mistaken (comparable to a substratum
 of reality itself in its informational dimensions, seemingly)
 in other words i would wager (no money, currency of truth)
 that it is more likely the ingot inside the chamber could be
 vibrated via a remote influence, even though in a bounded,
 protected, acoustically limited or 'safe' condition, and that
 how this occurs could be outside the normal physics of
 sound as energy, guessing, outside relativistic modeling,
 basing this on ideas of a friend researching the ideas [0]
 (though not in the existing context of crypto and security)
 so, the idea that a machine or some device could vibrate
 the ingot from the external side of the 'wall' or barrier, is
 to me highly likely or probable, by default of properties
 of materials in their molecular construction. security it
 seems is not yet engineering its defenses at that level
 while of course speculation, what it presumes is that
 even with an EM and acoustically shielded chamber
 or SCIF, that a device inside could still be resonating
 to an external matched or paired (tuned) influence and
 that the existing material/physical or energetic barriers
 may not be able to stop the informational dimension or
 quantum entanglement, else other correspondences
 even while visibly accounting for known threats within
 a given security model - thus 'out of bounds' or issues
 of parameters and boundaries, how they are accounted
 for or gaps exist between what exists (B) and what is
 believed to exist (A) as this leads to exploits (A=B),
 likewise: between what exists (T) and what is believed
 to exist (pT), as this leads to exploits (pT=T), &c.
 in other words, beyond electromagnetism, beyond
 ordinary audible acoustic frequencies, on another layer
 that could be parallel to these, hidden dimensionality
 that could have its own circuitry, networks, awareness
 in some way i think when microchips are x-rayed for
 inspection or electron microscopy is involved, it would
 not be surprising if part of this is looking for more than
 electronic hidden structures, and instead could involve
 resonating cavities that connect into circuitry, such
 that it could trigger unknown function via vibrational
 influence, function as a switch or whatever. that the
 physics exist to make this possible makes it highly
 probable it is employed in some way, especially if
 out of bounds for existing technology while at the
 same time it has magical subversive properties
 the point here not to wildly speculate, this is sober.
 to be expected considerations given existing physics
 and known issues and opaque technologies that are
 exploited against users, as if leveraging exactly these
 unknowns to crypto.weaponize consumer electronics
 and computing infrastructure for covert political takeover
 then again, i had some spicy food last night.
 [0] these ideas of resonance and tuning systems were
 introduced to me by my friend, composer Helen Hall,
 through her research into music and existing work on
 an independent film about Nikola Tesla and the aether...
  interview with helen hall (2007)

@_date: 2013-11-01 19:56:33
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: threat-model clarification 
(was: Re: Meet "badBIOS")
additional clarification regarding my last post...
i did not thoroughly think through my explanation and
a large gap exists in reasoning, and so want to provide
additional explanation about how it could be possible
to defeat existing security measures via this approach
                 +------+
   attacker ---> | SCIF |
                 +------+
basically the idea of a boundary or wall around a SCIF,
even if acoustically and electromagnetically shielded, is
proposed possible to bypass via resonance and-or also
quantum effects if they were to function in a similar way
so even though a boundary could exist for EM and sound,
that separates what is outside from what is inside, it is
proposed that an attacker could potentially move through
this boundary and still interact with interior equipment via
acoustic and electromagnetic principles
what was missing from the explanation was that this
attack could occur within a context of 'other dimensions'
or additional dimensionality, versus 4D of space-time that
is presumably standardized for the basic security evaluation
    [4D] ---> [otherD] ---> [4D]
in other words, what is proposed is that resonance could
occur outside of only a 4 dimensional context, as part of
the larger nested circuitry of the cosmos, and bypass the
bounded "physics" of limited 4D space-time and its rules,
to reemerge on the inside of the SCIF security perimeter,
in a context accessed by electromagnetism and sound
(as these may be connected with, interdimensionally)
      f l a t l a n d
   ......................
                 +------+
   attacker ---> | SCIF |
                 +------+
in other words, this is to recontextualize the SCIF in
 the realm of multiple dimensions beyond space-time,
that hierarchically could exist in N-dimensions, which
is proposed to correlate with a state of absolute truth
like Flatland the novel, higher dimensions may exist
 unseen due to parameters or limits, and thus beyond
imagination, unless somehow accessing keys to the
threshold condition, the structure connecting layers
(note: relation of electromagnetism, sound; the aether)
so while an attack against a SCIF could be defeated
by electromagnetic and acoustic shielding that would
not allow such emissions to escape in 4D, seemingly,
this condition may not exist within higher dimensions
that can bypass the secure boundary, threshold, 'wall'
      f l a t l a n d
   ......................
    (otherD)--------.
            |
            |
            v
         +------+
   attacker ---> | SCIF |
                 +------+
if an attacker, for instance, had equipment that could
access this higher dimensionality, likely using acoustic
and electromagnetic technology to do so, it may involve
a circuit that exists outside 4 dimensional space-time,
and moves through a higher-dimensionality to breach
the protective barrier, reemerging on the other side of
the wall, inside the SCIF, via acoustic and EM effects,
such as resonance or perhaps quantum-correlations
due to entanglement of matter, energy, information
       f l a t l a n d
    ......................
    (otherD)    (attacker)
                    v
                 +------+
     secure ---> | SCIF |
                 +------+
likewise, a true security threat could today exist that
in this way appears entirely *invisible* because it is
functioning beyond normal perception in a 4D context
which is actually nested within higher dimensionality
and thus omniscient-like observation, surveillance, if
not political meddling and exploitation could occur from
beyond the normal realm of perception, via similar means
yet remain officially unaccounted for and unacknowledged,
though be the actual context for events that are occurring,
which tends towards a Matrix red pill or blue pill situation
in other words, the attackers could be invisible and have
the advantage of different physics, and be siphoning data
and information from other dimensionality yet basically
remain unseen or removed from immediate interactions,
though rely on avatar-like secondary relations as part of
a management scheme, in a realm as if "make believe"
note: in this context, "binary computation" could relate
to dimensionality and in this way: mathematics in 4D
could be differently patterned in higher dimensions if
not solvable via unseen correlations (math based on
patterns, dimensionality effecting their functionality,
 how the patterns relate, 'compute', via structures)
  attacker [4D] ==> [otherD] ---> SCIF: ==> [4D] equipment
thus, even in the four dimensional context, if this could
be circumvented to defeat the security barrier or wall of
the SCIF, a principle that is interdimensional such as
resonance could appear on both side of this boundary
and yet not pass through it in 4D space-time, instead
the attack would leave this realm, move into a higher
dimensionality and reappear elsewhere in 4D, within
acoustic and electromagnetic principles that involve
pairing or matching can that be remotely correlated,
as with entangled objects and acoustic resonance
  sound/em [4D] ==> [otherD] ---> SCIF: ==> [4D] sound/em
thus to clarify: the 'magic flute' of some unknown
technology would access other dimensionality via
its acoustic or other principles, and perhaps this is
also potentially ~natural or automatic- and could
reappear on the other side of the boundary, via this]
resonance or entanglement, even while the SCIF is
designed to protect against any such outside/inside
interactions, because it goes beyond 4D spacetime
and involves interdimensional circuits of connection,
seemingly fundamentally involving information itself
as this connects to matter and energy structurally
(perhaps in some ways related to information and
its hypothesized ability to escape a blackhole)
(such structures are what CERN could be dealing with
in the unmentionable Da Vinci Code realm, where the
recontextualization of dark matter and dark energy
could involve bridging into higher dimensionality)
i.e. the hack is literally "out of this world" & back
or could start in higher dimensionality from the start
or be coordinated across the dimensional boundary by
a shared-identity group attacker in multiple dimensions,
e.g. agents in 4D coordinated with higher dimensionality
where the stealth attacks could be multipronged, ~magical.
of ceiling cat voyeurism involving higher dimensionality
Š « Ȑ

@_date: 2013-11-06 09:45:51
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: code & diagrams (urls) 
w      h      i      t      e      s      p      a      c      e
Codebases: Millions of lines of code (via digg.com)
Cipher Mysteries   (via zero)
The latest news, views, research and reviews on uncracked historical ciphers…
Language of Flowers
"The language of flowers, sometimes called floriography, is a means of
cryptological communication through the use or arrangement of flowers.
Meaning has been attributed to flowers for thousands of years, and
some form of floriography has been practiced in traditional cultures
throughout Europe, Asia, and the Middle East. Plants and flowers are
used as symbols in the Hebrew Bible—particularly of love and lovers in
the Song of Songs,[1] as an emblem for the Israelite people[2] and for
the coming Messiah[3]—and of Jesus Christ in the New Testament.[4] In
Western Culture, William Shakespeare ascribed emblematic meanings to
flowers, especially in Hamlet, Prince of Denmark."
Little bublcam places life in spherical perspective
ASCII Flow Diagram Tool website
Codebases: Millions of lines of code (via digg.com)
 Cipher Mysteries   (via zero)
The latest news, views, research and reviews on uncracked historical ciphers…
Language of Flowers
"The language of flowers, sometimes called floriography, is a means of
cryptological communication through the use or arrangement of flowers.
Meaning has been attributed to flowers for thousands of years, and
some form of floriography has been practiced in traditional cultures
throughout Europe, Asia, and the Middle East. Plants and flowers are
used as symbols in the Hebrew Bible—particularly of love and lovers in
the Song of Songs,[1] as an emblem for the Israelite people[2] and for
the coming Messiah[3]—and of Jesus Christ in the New Testament.[4] In
Western Culture, William Shakespeare ascribed emblematic meanings to
flowers, especially in Hamlet, Prince of Denmark."
Little bublcam places life in spherical perspective
ASCII Flow Diagram Tool website
☥ ☭ ☪

@_date: 2013-11-07 14:34:18
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: (re: that old-time crypto.religion) 
manipulation
                                   ------------
                   +---> BELIEF    illusion
               ------------
               subversion
   E   |
  FAITH-based      |   T   |
  protection... ---+   H   |
   I   |
   C   v
   S           verification
               --------------
                   +---> TRUTH     accountability
                                   --------------
                                   legal & moral
                                   foundation

@_date: 2013-11-07 15:04:59
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: (re: that old-time crypto.religion) deux 
(another layer of interpretation)...
                         (A=B)
                                   manipulation
                         pseudo    ------------
                   +---> TRUTH     illusion
               ------------
               subversion
   E   |
  FAITH-based      |   T   |
  protection... ---+   H   |
   I   |
   C   v
   S           verification
               --------------
                   +---> TRUTH     accountability
                                   --------------
                                   legal & moral
                         (A=A)     foundation
diagram can be imported to edit

@_date: 2013-11-07 23:30:12
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: (re: that old-time crypto.religion) trois 
s u b j
     e c t               (many unshared observational frameworks)
      i v
     i s m                pT = minimal truth + errors & falsity
                                          toward 0 [evil]
     A=B                                  death, hate
                                          shared lies
   ungrounded                             division
   (belief)              RELATIVISTIC     rationalization
                  +--->  partial-TRUTH    skew, warping, distortion
                       infallible observers
                       immorality, crime
  E        |           superficial, weak
  FAITH-based     |  T        |
  protection.. ---|  H        |            i n s e c u r i t y
  I        |
  C        |              s e c u r i t y
  S        v
                       toward 1 [good]
   grounded       |                       life, true love
   (belief)       +--->   EMPIRICAL       shared truth
                            TRUTH         unified POV
     A=A                                  logical reasoning
                                          paradox, clarity
                                          error-correction
                                          morality, law
    o b j                                 profound, strong
     e c
    t i v
     i t                  T = maximal truth - errors & falsity
      y
                         (one universal observational framework)
 ^note: A=B --> B=B, where B is hidden, secret pseudo-empirical truth
 whereby A=A --> A=(B=B), where B is established within pT not T
 yet assumes absolute viewpoint, belief & 'faith' in false-perspective
 (testing 1 2 3, testing testing...)

@_date: 2013-11-09 16:03:27
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: patterns, processes, procedures (urls) 
Typography Book Explores What It Feels Like To Have Dyslexia
What happens when you swap the colors of famous logos?
Hacker behind 'Loverspy' Trojan added to FBI's most wanted cybercriminal list
      "Back in 2005, a hacker named Carlos Enrique Perez-Melara
released a piece of malware called "Loverspy" into the world. The $89
software purported to be a way to catch a cheating lover — it sent the
suspected cheater an electronic greeting card that, when opened, would
install a particularly malicious Trojan that could capture keystrokes,
email addresses, instant messages, and even record video from a
webcam. Once it was installed, the infected computer was essentially
at the attacker's mercy."
(...thought for certain it involved a paper-based 'electronic' card,
which set my imagination going as far as potential platforms
for delivery of sound-based triggering of computer events...
thus: regarding the issue of covert, audio-based data transmission
the idea of a silent dog whistle greeting card, modified to send
data in inaudible frequencies was imagined, likewise: most any
triggered, playback device: x-mas ornaments, singing fish, etc.
potentially influencing nearby computers, hotspots, phones...
(note also: PIR-motion detecting or light sensors for activation
of larger artifacts, e.g. garden gnome, lawn ball, flood lights)
ex. Musical Greeting Cards, Talking Personalized Envelopes
ex. Invite By Voice greeting card sound modules
ex. Talking Products - Record-a-Card 10 seconds
(note: tone pattern as key, unlocking hidden parameters)
Critics denounce RoboRoach device, which uses a smartphone app the
control cockroaches
overlapping structural patterns
Over $1 million stolen from Bitcoin digital wallet service, claims site owner
       " It's far safer to keep Bitcoins in "cold storage" by keeping
your wallet key offline, possibly even in a safe deposit box. The key
used for withdrawals is different than the public one needed for
deposits, making cold storage appealing for keeping a reserve of
Bitcoin safe from hackers. "
question: what if 'the banking system' itself were a model for
cryptography in terms of how keys and transactions occur, instead of
layer within banking transactions. in other words, what if 'securing
data' actually involved taking it offline, removing it into physical
media (such as pressed CDs in secure storage, out of circulation) or
other approaches.  my naive sense is that anything more complicated
than can be worked out with paper, envelopes, and social transactions
may not be secure by design of incomprehensibility, and who better
than banks for these kinds of advanced transactions of exchanging
valued information en masse.
Franks, Tabasco, Sriracha

@_date: 2013-11-12 17:37:25
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: philosophy & psychology (urls) 
TEDx:  Prof. Dr. Elisabeth von SamsonowCordless Mega Confusion
"it is not that the body is inhabited by the soul, it's just the other
way around, it's that the body inhabits the soul, the soul is
inhabited by bodies- by many bodies. the soul is the sphere in which
we communicate, and our bodies are in this sphere, where we shared
this... cordless communication, by directing our information packages
on different wavelengths."
[highly recommended. profound understanding & observations,
conceptualization and awareness. philosophy of architecture...]
Keynote lecture by Elisabeth von Samsonow: The Plasticity of the Real
"architecture as cybernetic loop through geology;  architecture is parageology"
"people take the role of [the] Electra... who confronts a big problem
when her mother loses power. truly nothing is more disagreeable than a
weak person to depend on. one would get furious with that person. and
the {unknown} is more and more turned against the earth directly,
which makes it finally difficult to enjoy (architecture in the form
of) parageology. ...all the building, all the digging, and hollowing
out get more and more performed by rage and despair against the earth
and by complicity. ...this is the age of archi-heresy that marks a
period where the ontological tie between architecture and geology is
broken and dissimulated. archi-heresy is not operated against a
monotheistic god but against the earth. it is the dismissal of geology
as the principle of architecture when an open heresy - another earth -
is simulated, a pseudo-earth- offering space and arranging material."
(cartography replaces geology, gps orientation)"
"architecture... more of a gardening practice (and biology), than parageology."
"a large part of the built world, the environment of today, could have
been {mould} to the thick surface of the earth. the fetishizing of the
eye and the look made architecture an issue of vision but in fact it
is not. it is an issue of the whole body that is equipped by a proper
sense of space and matter." ... "instead of impressing the public with
pornographic forms and fancy structures, architecture must concentrate
on its geological mission. where else? now the strata of the earth are
completely irrelevant compared to the price per square meter of the
{superficials}, all future architecture will include mining and
geologic expedition as well as metallurgic and ecologic research- such
as finding out where the veins of water go as well as those of petrol,
and any other liquids and tissues and minerals and stones and soft
{earths}. this will be the {infernal-jective} operations of an
architecture that reconquers and finally integrates its proper
(being-unborn, electra complex to electro complex)
A Network Spanning The Forest  (Underground) -- of Mother Trees
A Ballet Performed by Birds: Starling Murmurations  (see first vid)
Murmurations - Ephemeral Plastic Sculptures
& Geometric Order Amidst Starling Chaos
Self-steering particles go with the flow // tuning via asymmetry
"The new MIT approach, described in Nature Communications, requires no
external forces and takes advantage of hydrodynamic principles that
can be exploited simply by altering the shapes of the particles."
E. B. White declining an invitation  (via the inimitable Podcast  - Andrea Kuszewski - Bulletproof Executive Radio
GSummit SF 2012: Andrea Kuszewski
How to Design Your Life for Continuous Cognitive Enhancement
Andrea Kuszewski - The Science of Motivation:
Neurology, Psychology, Gamification (GSummit SF 2013)
[saw this underwater ROV and downrigger attachment and it immediately
conjured the future of musky fishing  (may require stealth though, a
sealed container before deploying baited lure or hook). this for the
trophy-winning no technology barred Boba Fett fisherman. all it needs
is a floating wireless transmitter buoy to allow extended range, cut
the cord. though perhaps murky water, seawood, underwater hazards
combined could shipwreck.]
Deep Trekker ROV
Nothing to see here //   rel. 'man caves'
[quote] "Blending in makes sense when you're trying to avoid being
eaten," Martin says. "Less is certainly more when predators are
around." [unquote]
Changing the conversation: Polymers disrupt bacterial communication
"As part of their research into the development of artificial cells
and programmable bacterial coatings, the team found that
polymers—long-chain molecules—that were able to arrange bacteria into
clustered communities were, surprisingly, encouraging these bacteria
to actively 'talk' to each other. This communication occurred by
quorum sensing (QS), a way in which bacteria signal to each other, and
coordinate response to environment. Quorum sensing also controls the
way in which bacteria release certain types of molecules—for example
as a defence mechanism or as tools for infection."
Better police surveillance technologies come with a cost, scholar says
[quote]  "Much of the Supreme Court's previous treatment of police
surveillance has rested on the belief that individuals have no
expectation of privacy in public places, and that surveillance
technologies that merely improve the efficiency of police
investigations comport with the Fourth Amendment," he said. "While
officers must obtain a warrant before using some technologies, the
courts generally do not regulate efficiency-enhancing technologies."
Those assumptions have been workable in the past because of the
limited use and capability of efficiency-enhancing technologies. But
with the advent of automatic license plate readers and surveillance
cameras with biometric recognition, the efficiency of the surveillance
itself is becoming a constitutional issue, Rushin said.
"Since no one has a reasonable expectation of privacy when they're in
public, that means that a police officer can do whatever a normal
person can do without any kind of special approval," he said. "They
can observe your license plate and write it down on a piece of paper
and run it through a database. But now they could also use an
automatic reader to scan license plates in bulk – up to 1,800 license
plates per minute, in fact. That will invariably vacuum up enormous
amounts of data on innocent people, too.
"So you have technology that might replace the efforts of dozens, even
hundreds, of individual law enforcement officers." [endquote]
Physicists 'uncollapse' a partially collapsed qubit // reversible peek
"... the recovery method is not perfect. The probability of recovering
the qubit's state depends on how much it has collapsed, so that the
more collapsed the qubit is, the less likely it is to recover. A fully
collapsed qubit has zero probability of recovery.
Still, the recovery method could be very useful for overcoming one of
the biggest challenges in developing quantum systems: decoherence,
which results in the loss of a system's quantum properties."
ek tools Nesting Punch Kit
Money Folds, US Currency
Hand-made bio-paper, created by the artist
Under the Sea
Rhombic Flagstone, Elephant Hide Paper
A Layman's Guide to the High-Tech Tents That Keep Secrets Secret
--- crypto experiment corner ---
a potential realm of non-computer crypto could be realized in an arts
& crafts context and or writing and typography and signage. recently
saw a new style of LED sign for restaurants while random searching for
a standard LED scrolling display, seeing what is available today. and
a "LED lighted writing board" appeared, perhaps they are all over the
place and i've yet to encounter the ubiquity yet, though it has
potential for transformable writing via LED light.
the Amazon links here are to show a basic kit:
28"x20" Flashing Illuminated Erasable Neon
LED Writing Board Menu Sign with Control Button
note: the different color markers are related to the colors of the LED
light, and via this property, some colored text could fade out while
other text remains, due to the color of the projected light. in other
words, an invisible ink or reverse-invisible ink effect could exist,
especially if typography were to have superposition of letters or
symbols that could retain coherence in partial states, or transform
their meaning given what colors are activated. (notice on this
example, the remote control is similar to the LED lightbulbs that
change colors, thus the concept need not be limited to the writing
Image® Flashing Illuminated LED Lighted Writing Board
7 Color Lights 28 Modes up to 28 Feet Remote Control Restaurant
so it would be an issue of what fluorescent marker colors are
available and what light colors are available, as to what the range or
number of phase changes could occur via this method. certainly
lighting engineers (forget their actual title) have used such effects
for animation and movement, though it could also be used for hiding
and revealed patterns, etc.
and this following url has examples of signage  with this
changing-color effect that influences the appearance of what is
written. (see right column animated signs)
LED Writing Boards With Various Lighting Effects
now perhaps UV and IR wavelengths and blacklight would be needed
though if distance is taken into account, scale of glyphs or type,
the existing color range could also potentially have enough difference
to make some signs more predominant than others, this within a context
of intra-sign and infra-sign structuring. like having:  \/\  appear in
a given color, and then \ \ when the color changes to a particular
phase, if not also /\ and / using other hues.
True Facts About The Angler Fish
truncated polyhedra, vertex, cosine

@_date: 2013-11-12 20:08:40
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: passwords! 
the list fool here chiming in...
i just wonder if there is a boundary condition that exists that is
making passwords insecure by protocols that could themselves be
modified, and alter the probabilities of easy dictionary attacks.
for instance, if A-Z and a few special characters are allowed in a US
keyboard alphabet, if that is the majority of what is being
automatically cracked, perhaps it is not surprising.
yet what if the passwords 'length' were not the issue, such that a 20
character string (of several number.words with several intermixed
special characters) could still be successfully attacked, given those
limited parameters. and such a view may be: moar characters, longer
string, etc.
perhaps mistaken though i wonder what 'dictionaries' are referenced
because if they are mapped to normal words of a given language, and
special symbols, and yet held within the walls or boundaries of a
particular alphabet or sign-system, then perhaps language-to-language
the password cracking situation remains basically the same.
yet, what if the Unicode barrier (if that is what it is) is dissolved,
such that many languages could co-exist, such as 12 different N's and
ligatures and other special characters...
ex. normal bounded password in a given Unicode
character set / alphabet, with special characters:
      th3r0uT33Nw4!z+3sezU3
compare this with a multi-alphabet approach:
      п世לកóવિz
what are the computational probabilities of searching across all
ascii/unicode alphabet characters and getting that pattern matched,
versus let's say [35] options per password character in a constrained
the calculation would be something like this (to 21 spaces in ex.)
versus, if wildly approximating: [1,000] options for the 'multiple
language Unicode characters and special symbols' password approach.
the following estimate may be inaccurate though for 35 times itself
over and over twenty one times, the number i arrived at was:
     9.321739789445372e+33
again, calculation may be inaccurate, though for the multiple
character approach, only 11 characters @ [1000] needed for:
     1.e+36
though imagining it could be many fewer characters in comparison, say
if accessing Chinese and Arabic other characters.
in other words, perhaps a hypothetical [10,000] symbols could be made
available per password unit than [35] in the highly restricted
approach that is easy to crack, and that would change how computation
occurs with regard to how such passwords are created, stored, and
exist, especially in a highly constrained OS and peripheral
environment that constrains cross-pollination of such key typographic
information that would change the basic dynamics, data behavior.
this is the slot-machine approach to  [p|a|s|s|w|o|r|d|s]  because at
a certain point, anything could tally...
     [*|*|x|ம்|7|*|*|
though what is more... for each _space_ there could be any
sign.symbol, as with icons or special characters, potentially, that
could be potential keyspace or what today may appear as "junk"
information that is infrastructural for multilanguage computing, and
be utilized beyond the language boundary for its signage, for
passwords & security.
in this way, the three unit password (icon=ascii symbol)
   ['icon'][પ્રે][ю]
could be stronger than a much longer, restricted alphabet, if going
towards 10,000+ options per character. yet the model itself could
example such that a password is constructed by a bit-set string, where
like a slot machine, could instead have 'words' as the units (as with
the existing password approach, word1&word2, etc.)...
  ['word1'][[પ્રે][ю]['gps-coords']
if only viewed in bounded terms and of serial computation, a long
*predictable* string may be easier to attack than a shorter
unpredictable string that takes massive resources to churn through the
possibilities - and who knows, maybe the password has a time-cycle
that automatically changes its nature during that time period of
surface tension, iridescence, spinner

@_date: 2013-11-12 20:40:50
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: passwords! (p2) 
for instance, registration process to access a website
could involve something akin to the following...
input a word:  [mordify]
input a image: (choose 1 of 20 icons) -> [sunflowers]
input a place:  [fort lauderdale]
input a number: [3.124]
the website could then create the password from this data,
such as translating a word between languages, into another
character set, then xor'ing various fields together (if grokking
the concept), such that when blended, the string would be
multicharacterset, perhaps unseen by the user, and then
only interfaced via these keywords that could be written
down as parameters and not be readily utilized via UI for
password management, using the encrypted string itself.
in other words; the password would not be:
    [mordify][sunflower-icon][fort%20lauderdale][3.124]
it would be a computation based on those variables, such
that, in an impressionist rendering as example:
    [mord][3][unz][.][for][-]...[fy][4][iconID][whatever]
though further, if 'translated' across unicode character sets
and alphabets, then perhaps:
    [морд][3][માટે][.][for][-]...[جو][4][iconID][cibé]
and then even this could be further mixed if necessary or
helpful in terms of decohering patterns and making the
computational stretch the maximum effort per unit of
password character space, vs. restricting it to minimum
as seems the standard, weakened by the default "rules"
Ȉ  ͆  ͡   ͤͮ  Σ Ж ༎ ༬ ℍ § נ

@_date: 2013-11-12 21:09:04
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: passwords! (p3) 
yet another approach, user registration involves time-based
parameter, which is based on NIST shared clock set to a
particular city or time-zone, minus a mystery variable,
which then runs a 'tally' as the password as it has been
transmuted via calculation: thus the password is rolling,
every changing and cannot be computed as a string
because it is never the same (if designed that way,
to include rolling variables within a longer bit string)...
in this way, example:
[var1] = [Pacific Time Zone] minus (skew variable) - "3.14"
[var2] = [DAYDATE spelled out] plus (translation)
such that ==>  [var1]*[var2]
(list fool's magic xor goes here)
==>   [var1a][var2c][var1b.var2d]...[var1w][var2i]
whereby, the entire variable of [var1] and [var2] when
combined is *changing* and transforming in real-time,
via hidden, unknown clock and date correspondence,
though could involve GPS, weather, other variability
that is essentially entangled into a living password.
in the realm of impossible to crack, in my estimation.
any computation that cannot stop time itself in order
to run the brute force would be losing time and then
it would be purely chance, never less than the odds
of trillion to one, or whatever it could be, every attempt
no matter how many dictionaries parsed in parallel...
this is not a password:

@_date: 2013-11-12 21:35:15
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: passwords! (p4) 
completeness is its own thing...
need to mention case of 'partial passwords' where user
and site merge into a final password yet the user password
cannot be cracked without the hidden variables blended into
the final working password that is either static or changing...
for instance, a previous example...
     [морд][3][માટે][.][for][-]...[جو][4][iconID][cibé]
what if [iconID] was hidden as to its bit-set size, it could be
1 character space or twelve, and yet it would remain hidden
at password entry by the user yet required to gain access.
     [морд][
such that some algorithm processes the input in another
framework and if somehow this is processes is not normal
or it triggers a particular mechanism, a threshold condition
could activate blocking access within the password itself
vague, i do not know exactly how it could be engineered
such that it would be needed and unseen by the user and
yet be able to distinguish the actual user from imitator or
hostile attacker, though in this way, the moat/drawbridge
mechanism that would be 'missing information' within the
structure of the password, such that the STRING in itself,
input by the user, is not the password, until it is mixed in
with the other piece via the site security.
     [
in other words, a password could only be partially that of
the user, and perhaps this is already how it exists today,
though that each variable could be more than a character
and this could be a bit-set computation, as an icon/other
coordinates are blended together, some data of which is
not in the user domain and would remain unknown and
beyond the ordinary boundary, inside a further interior
realm of protected data, a second security vestibule,
in the above case, all the wildcards could be data that
is in the password yet zoned for another level of access,
such that the administrators must provide the data else
that it could also be variable in size and 'timing', such
that real-time or other permutive functioning could be
rolling, 'living code' that is masked - "unknown", and
potentially has a calculative or image-based input that
is not visible on the outside, yet also entangled with it.
perhaps it is not of classical physics, this, yet why
must the password unit be assumed a single static
character and not something in movement, existing
beyond perception and operating by unknown rules
that influences what the actual password is, at any
given point or place in time. unique perspective as
the basis for a universal security approach (UID)
lime, tequila, [ triple-sec

@_date: 2013-11-13 13:42:33
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: passwords! (p2) 
References:  <5283A3F9.6010204
the concept of entropy as if a metaphysical device has me confused in
most cases. given that i do not have requisite skills or understanding
of technical implementations, there is a tremendous gap between how
such processes actually function as structures, what the exact device
interactions are. and thus my naive observations occur in a realm of
mostly unanswered questions and basic assumptions though it seems also
that what is known by others resolves what are probably fundamental
misunderstandings on my part, due to not knowing how these things
actually work. though in questioning without knowing, perhaps
scenarios can be retested and solidified in their correctness and
robustness, though for me it remains opaque and little understood and
beyond my capacity in most all crypto descriptions.
my relation with 'entropy' as a concept was from reading and thinking
about cybernetics (N.Weiner) and also understanding it as a concept in
nature. Guy Murchie, author of excellent books that conceptualize
nature, was one of these contexts for basic awareness and a sense of
understanding that appears to lose relevance in a crypto context and
becomes perhaps more mysterious than it actually is.
The Seven Mysteries of Life: An Exploration in Science & Philosophy
By Guy Murchie
Google book quotes on entropy and concept of 'negentropy' (pp.444)
     "What's in a name? In the case of Shannon's measure the naming
was not accidental. In 1961 one of us (Tribus) asked Shannon what he
had thought about when he had finally confirmed his famous measure.
Shannon replied: "My greatest concern was what to call it. I thought
of calling it 'information,' but the word was overly used, so I
decided to call it 'uncertainty.' When I discussed it with John von
Neumann, he had a better idea. Von Neumann told me, 'You should call
it entropy, for two reasons. In the first place your uncertainty
function has been used in statistical mechanics under that name, so it
already has a name. In the second place, and more important, no one
knows what entropy really is, so in a debate you will always have the
advantage.' "

@_date: 2013-11-13 15:35:53
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: expanded security model (was passwords! (p2) deux) 
i need to clarify a point that opens up the interpretation of entropy into
a realm of information involving people and technology and nature, because
in the modeling i am referencing all information must ground to truth in
order to be verified or validated as true, and that nature and technology
and people who exist 'in truth' are in this way grounded within it, whereas
those who are short-circuiting are partly or partially grounded, as this
relates to patterns, exchange, and exploits.
the realm of concepts, communication, and ideas also are involved as if a
mental-dimension for the physicality of information, and to not include
this in a security model seems falsely limiting if not allowing or relying
upon a state of distortion, to begin with.
thus the overall goal here is to account for truth as a basis for entropy
in a security context or empirical evaluation...
     [machine N]  patterns   <===>   patterns  [machine 2]
previously the above relation was established between two machines that
interact and 'exchange' information, in some dimension, knowingly or
unknowingly (as if consciously and subconsciously even).
     (machine N)  ===>  (machine 2 (machine N))
and if one of these machines *investigates or interrogates* the other, and
somehow gains access, it could be thought that in the successful matching
of patterns that what it has achieved _validates its model of relation, by
default, even if only in a partially grounded framework. thus to
distinguish the _belief of how this structural relation is occurring, with
its actuality, the actual condition of this relation in terms of its truth.
in other words the relation between 'machine 2' and 'machine N' that is
achieved as a relation, via the matching of patterns, could be believed to
validate the truth of the worldview of machine N, though the pattern match
could instead be pT=pT, due to inaccurate modeling or framework. and thus a
false perspective could be the relation, yet validate a perception of
things, as if accurate, while not grounded in the larger reality.
likewise, what can occur is a two-way relation whereby this inaccuracy is
accounted for by the entity interacted with, perceived 'known' via such
faulty pattern matching, and thus provide or leak information from itself
that is in a context of truth, though the tells as if subconscious or
unconscious, resulting from a TSCM-like scanning of relational frameworks,
that is if 'machine 2' is functioning within grounded truth.
     (machine N (machine 2))  <===  ((machine N) machine 2')
in this way the real exploit is not occurring through granting or gaining
access to validate further _inaccurate pattern matching by 'machine N', it
is that this entity is leaking unknown information as part of this
balancing process, about its hidden state that is insecure due to its not
being based in truth, and thus distortion, bias, warping, and skew reveal
frameworks and structuring, allowing perspectives to be traced back to
originating beliefs and equations within the pseudo-, where a running
cosmological constant occurs to make everything onesidedly correct. and in
this way, the relation on the left side is in a context of truth, via the
errors betraying 'machine N' via its reliance on pseudo-truth and falsity,
and the condition on the right side is a false perspective of a relation
that establishes and verifies inaccurate pattern matches, false positives,
due to a protected limited onesided evaluation *confirming* true belief
which is itself not grounded beyond its partialty.
     (machine N (machine 2))  <===>  ((machine N) machine 2')
      [truth <-----> truth]              [pT <-----> pT]
in this way, the advantage is with 'machine 2' (that may actually have more
patterns or n-dimensionality) yet this imbalance may not be revealed or
accounted for, and thus the balancing could appear onesided, as if from
oneside data is being extracted while the other remains protected and
static behind a given boundary, versus betraying its secrets
unintentionally, via this structural, informatic relation (matter/energy)
in other words (more complexity..) there could be more going on than
believed, in this basic relation, and /appearances/ may not accurately
match the reality, and yet this can also be accounted for, in truth, or
become a threshold condition enabling camouflage... in this way the roles
may be reversed yet not accounted for by the naive, ungrounded, mistaken,
or inaccurate 'true believer' observers...
such that machine 2 could actually in its truth be 'N' and likewise,
'machine N' in its unchecked falsity could be binary...
     (machine 2 (machine N))  <===>  ((machine 2) machine N')
      [truth <-----> truth]              [pT <-----> pT]
in this way, the 'real machine N' could be granted access to unrestricted
pattern matching in a subconscious or unaccounted for realm of the '
'real machine 2', though this condition could begin by the 'real machine 2'
trying to continuously exploit 'the realm Machine N' and in this way, the
false perspective of the latter (N->2'), allowing the *belief* that the
binary view is actually N-potential in its accuracy and scope even while
this is ungrounded beyond its own skewed, relativist accounting. thus
patterns are verified in pseudo-truth, and in allowing this relation, also
enables the inaccuracies to leak about its actual state to align with the
greater patterning of the 'real machine N', via automatic grounding or
snap-to-fit correlations that occur in their accuracy, vetted and
error-corrected, though in parameters unshared by the differing worldviews
keeping it abstract, this is the same scenario for 'smartness' versus
     (smartness N (intel 2))  <===>  ((smartness N) intel 2')
      [truth <-----> truth]              [pT <-----> pT]
when instead the situation in terms of equilibrium, entropy, and exploit
tends toward...
     (smartness 2 (intel N))  <===>  ((smartness 2) intel N')
      [truth <-----> truth]              [pT <-----> pT]
and as mentioned many times before, any given concept has its validity
established within truth, whether the concept of [entropy] or [information]
or smartness, intelligence, or whatever. and so just taking it at face
(sign) value, does not make that interpretation true simply because it is
*believed* to be true. and yet that rigor can be missing in the evaluation
process, often a kind of self-corruption accompanying the ungrounded
observation and especially true believers who operate within a protected
boundary, 'managing' outside influences, and yet in this very interaction,
per entropy, they reveal their own state beyond their own accounting for it
and control over it, via energy and other relations.
     [pseudo-truth 2]  patterns   <===>   patterns  [truth N]
getting to the essence of the structural situation, of relativism versus
the empirical accounting for truth, shared and unshared, grounded and
ungrounded, and involving both accurate and inaccurate pattern matching and
if it is corrected or relied upon in its error, the above model in an
context of entropic two-way exchange... (a balancing of the forces if you
though through a false perspective, this basic relation could be reversed
via tromp-l'oiel effects, such that a masked condition exists and the
structural relation is asymmetrical and of masquerade...
     [pseudo-truth N]  patterns   <===>   patterns  [truth 2']
     (pseudo-truth N)  ===>  ((pseudo-truth N) truth 2')
though in this structural imbalance, via the ungrounded condition, it is an
unintentional two-way interaction that through this opening allows
unintended access to the protected perimeter via this basic exchange...
     (pseudo-truth N (truth 2))  <===  ((pT N) truth 2')
...in other words, the *appearance* may exist one of a one-way hierarchical
exchange where information is being extracted from oneside via an attack or
interrogation or biased relation... where pseudo-truth "knows" the state of
'machine 2' from its island viewpoint of relativistic truth...
     (pseudo-truth N) ===>  ((pT N) truth 2')
                          [truth <-----> truth]
...and yet this viewpoint or belief can be _ungrounded, the perception of
truth illusory, inaccurate, even while achieving a pattern match verifying
and validating its inaccurate, corrupted model of truth. in addition, via
transference, the reverse occurs, whereby the observer is theirself
effected by the observation and thus 'observed' in the entropic exchange,
via structural information that aligns with or is at odds with the given
modeling and its parameters of existence, that leak data that compares or
contrasts with unknowns and vetted truth and thus can establish and
correlate with this truth even while restricted or protected externally,
believed inaccessible (even invisible people in other dimensionality betray
themselves this way, via allegiance with or hostility to higher truth)
     (pseudo-truth N) ===>  ((pT N) truth 2')
          "true!"            [pT <-----> pT]
so what is proposed to occur is that in this biased situation, ungrounded
belief can be confirmed and match a pattern (A=A -> B=B) whereby it can
verify or validate limitless notions (pseudo-N equivalent) yet that is not
accurate or actually true, yet uncorrected and due to protected boundary,
allowed to be 'real' within given constraints- for lack of feedback that
would challenge the belief system, else to censor or have deception going
on that promotes this relation as a false perspective, the setup necessary
for the subsequent takedown.
     (pseudo-truth N (truth 2))  <===>  ((pT N) truth 2')
                                      [truth <-----> truth]
the idea then was that this goes both ways, and the appearance of 'machine
2' within the domain of 'machine 1' may go unrecognized in its hidden and
unaccounted for dimensionality that is active within a realm of entropy and
information exchange as it ties into energy and matter in terms of
patterning and perhaps provides a basis for imagining its intuitive or felt
quality, as knowing is accurately grounded and becomes compass and
navigational aid, versus ungrounded knowing that leads to being lost and
having inaccurate maps and wrong directions and sensibility, at odds with
actual nature...
     (pseudo-truth N (truth 2))  <===>  ((pT N) truth 2')
the point of seeking to account for this condition of masquerade in terms
of its shared and unshared patterning and in terms of its groundedness in
relation to empirical truth, is that the situation could *appear* from a
given perspective, and within restricted parameters, to validate a given
viewpoint while actually existing or operating beyond it, in other
parameters and boundaries that remain a protected threshold, that cannot be
observed or that goes unrecognized more finite observers, thereby the limit
of sensibility, or computability, of patterning, as it relates to what is
and what cannot be matched, via its identification, recognition in real
terms versus terms of belief that can be in error, inaccurate, unreal, or
self-serving to a given bias, predetermined viewpoint, or values that
restrict, seek to control, and-or rationalize existence in a too-small
framework (in this way, the belief in 'N-awareness' can actually be that of
a restricted binary finiteness, where expansion of view and its
limitlessness could result from warping, skew, distortion serving falsity
than in truth that is expansive... in this way, the boundary folds upon
itself, encompasses itself as ideology, creating a false dome and
constellations, given enough time)
     (pseudo-truth N (truth 2))  <===>  ((pT N) truth 2')
         [truth <---> truth]              [pT <---> pT]
the unintended consequence would be that 'machine 1' betrays and grants
access to its inner state via this exchange and interaction, yet
unknowingly. and thereby its unaccounted for truth is accessible to another
who exists and observes truth, while it may be denied within operational
beliefs, (left) thus the leaking of information that balances the
interaction, the seeming benefit of onesidedness (right) actually has a
hidden cost, a revealing involves via equilibrium and entropy, balancing
the exchange. yet the evaluation of data, its parsing and verification, may
also not be accurate across this span, and thus 'pseudo-intelligence' could
glean factoids that validate ideological beliefs, via relations in
masquerade between pT and T, as pT assumes the role of TRUTH and truth
related to and perceived as if the 'known' mimic, when in actuality the
situation is reversed.
     (pseudo-truth 2 (truth N))  <===>  ((pT 2) truth N)
         [truth <---> truth]              [pT <---> pT]
this modeling remains abstract, a story about these dynamics, like a cave
diagram seeking to convey the communicative or other aspects of information
exchange as symmetry and asymmetry are involved, and how this relates to
pattern matching, and resources based in comprehensive pattern evaluations
and how this differs between grounded and ungrounded observations and
relations by default.
     (pseudo-truth 2 (truth N))  <===>  ((pT 2) truth N)
           [pT <---> T]                  [pT <---> T]
...these are the more accurate dynamics, though even moreso:
     (pseudo-truth 2 (truth N))  <===>  ((pT 2) truth N)
           [pT.2 <---> t.N)             [pT.2 <---> t.N)
though the appearance may indicate otherwise, from a biased perspective.
E1335, 42, 812

@_date: 2013-11-13 23:58:02
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: expanded security model (was passwords! (p2) deux) 
attempt to clarify an overlapping conceptualization........
      (pseudo-truth 2 (truth N))  <===>  ((pT 2) truth N)
            [pT <---> T]                  [pT <---> T]
 ...these are the more accurate dynamics, though even moreso:
      (pseudo-truth 2 (truth N))  <===>  ((pT 2) truth N)
        [pT.binary <---> t.N)           [pT.binary <---> t.N)
skipped a step in the diagram above, meant to correlate how pT & binarism
are symbiotic and often correlate with ideology and 'closed'
though the original approach referenced 'machine 2' that suddenly morphed
into representing a 2-value or binary relation, viz. symmetry with machine
(such frameworks probably need to be broken down into 2 or 3x more detail
to actually get into the mechanisms, so these are only abstract sketches,
though could be further described as structures or 'additional
though the appearance may indicate otherwise, from a biased perspective.
(note: wrote mask for some reason above, i think that was inadvertent
bullshit because it makes no sense, stills do not have the words to
describe what is going on, abstraction level too high, too confusing
the overlapping frameworks of multiple meaning, though wanted to
to attempt to make a correction via the diagram that follows..)
forgot to diagram the 'information' transfer via the exchange, as the
differing models migrate toward their associated models. in this way...
       (pT 2 (truth N))  <=:=>  ((pT 2) truth N)
                           :
             pT   <--------:-------- [pT = pT]
                           :
          [T = T]  --------:-------->   T
                           :
 such that:
       (pT 2 (truth N))  <=:=>  ((pT 2) truth N)
                           :
          [pT = pT]        :         [T = T]
                           :
          -ungrounded-              -grounded-
            relation                 relation
also of potential relevance with regard to information
as it relates to entropy, is the proposition that 'truth'
precedes falsity and establishes the means to evaluate it.
this is something i have concluded after years of thinking
about the dynamics though have not formalized it as of yet
though it just seems self-evident, especially in terms of
the cosmos, everything relates in truth, and the variance
within that structure (mutations, anomalies, errors) that
is already established in a foundation built within and
upon shared truth as framework- literally, ~continuum as
truth relates to circuitry, informational scaffolding.
this easily gets into Sartre or Heidegger metaphysics,
of being and non-being (then related to nothing), as it
also involves truth and not-truth in relation to falsity,
though this is likewise ambiguous, with /unknowns/ and
other fundamental concepts like partial-truth, pseudo-truth
(one in the same, in some cases, depending upon if it is
distinguished and-or purified as truth, removed of error
or structurally reliant upon it for a given view or relation).
snooker, eight ball, trickshot

@_date: 2013-11-14 14:40:27
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: superconductivity (urls) 
Computers and phones in children's bedrooms
'can cause anxiety and sleep loss'  (via drudgereport)
     "The paper’s lead author, psychologist Dr Jennifer Vriend, of
Dalhousie University in Canada, said: “One of the biggest culprits for
inadequate and disturbed sleep is technology. "
Dark-sky movement
Solar Panels Frying Birds Along Major Migration Path  (via drudge)
[Birds dying in two ways... crashing into mirage-like 'areas of water'
and having feathers torched via reflected sunlight]
Accidental discovery dramatically improves electrical conductivity
     "Quite by accident, Washington State University researchers have
achieved a 400-fold increase in the electrical conductivity of a crystal
simply by exposing it to light. The effect, which lasted for days after the
light was turned off, could dramatically improve the performance of devices
like computer chips." ...
re: holographic memory, data storage inside crystal vs. on surface
[&]  Electrons with a "split personality" // anisotropy, metal, & lifetimes
"Conventional or unconventional – depending on momentum"
" Up until now, the interaction of the electrons has generally been assumed
to be isotropic. "
"In terms of electrons, resistivity corresponds to the mean free path of
the electrons, i.e. the distance an average electron covers before bumping
into something – the shorter the mean free path, the higher the
resistivity. Generally, the higher the temperature the higher the
resistivity because the particles the electrons can collide with are moving
faster at higher temperatures which makes collisions more likely."  {what
is metal}
How a Superconducting Camera Could Revolutionize Astrophysics
film --> semiconductors --> hyperspectral superconductors
"Mazin's imaging device... dubbed the ARray Camera for Optical to
Near-infrared (IR) Spectrophotometry (ARCONS), sees all of the wavelengths
all of the times. It is literally the first imaging device to ever actually
see in color. It is also the first imaging device to utilize Microwave
Kinetic Inductance Detectors (MKIDs), a superconducting photon detector
used to measure energy across the electromagnetic spectrum."
[also waiting for this tech in consumer digital & video cameras,
going beyond visual parameters, using IR and UV imaging vs.
stylized filters- why not multispectral wavelength options.
hell, what if there was an 'electromagnetic signals' setting,
to visualize EM signaling in space as if kirlian photography]
Evelyn Glennie: How to truly listen  (video)
description: In this soaring demonstration, deaf percussionist Evelyn
Glennie illustrates how listening to music involves much more than simply
letting sound waves hit your eardrums.
"... Allow your body is open up, to allow your body to be this resonating
"... please take note of the life of the sound after the initial strike..."
[bio] Evelyn Glennie
Touch the Sound documentary
Battle Cry  -- from the album: Shadow Behind The Iron Sun
The Handheld Mathematics of Geometer Ron Resch  (video)
"testing out posed solutions..."
[bio] note: the expandable structures seem ideal both for satellite or spacecraft
and also lunar habits or robotic missions, such as a small format
expandable base camp tent, etc. likewise, emergency tents or shelters,
perhaps even windtunnel testing of the dome to consider if anchored
structures could short-circuit hurricane winds via acting more like ground
vs walls; for instance, with certain hi-tech fabrics perhaps flexibility
and deformity is a strength. also, potential antennas, collapsible or not,
or even portable radio telescope/telemetry arrays.
how to fix any computer - The Oatmeal
∰ ≉ ⊊

@_date: 2013-11-15 20:09:20
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: passwords! (p5) 
if considering [password] as a bit-set instead of linear string,
   such that [p|a|s|s|w|o|r|d] could itself be variable, per bit,
   ex. [pass|word|1234|bluegreen]
   then, if a password service used this principle, instead of
   requiring just 8-12 alphanumerics plus allowed special characters
   as the basis for /security/, instead what if it was 3-4 sets instead,
   themselves having special rules...
   [set1|set2|set3|set4]
   in this way, a 'rolling password' could be developed in that
   the sequence could be arbitrary or change, given the instance
   or interaction, which may or may not include changing variables
   (months till b-day, temperature in zipcode, etc)
   in other words:
  [password]  --->  [pass][wo][r][ds]
  whereby, via its continual dynamic state, could exist in multiple
  versions by default, and then have this managed between client/server
  [1][2][3][4]  --->  [2][4][1][3]
  [pass]-[wo]-[r]-[ds]   --->   [wo]-[ds]-[pass]-[r]
  this could extend into sequences of not only alphanumerics
  through also icons (picked amongst many on the server, thus
  creating more unknowns), say choose 1 of available 20 icons,
  which is not included in stored password, nor its place in
  sequence knowable to attacker...
  [pass][icon13][wo][r][ds]   --->  [icon13][wo][ds][pass][r]
  thus a changing string made up of subsets rearranged that
  may even have non-stored variables [ icons or other approach
       [3b]-[alphanum1a]-[5e]-[32^F]-[4d]-[icon]-[2c]
       [2c]-[3b]-[alphanum1a]-[4d]-[icon]-[67^F]-[5e]
  then the probabilities and computation is upped exponentially
  even if accessing some part of the correct code, which may not
  be reliably reused, seemingly the more subsets, more security
  from an initial attack-- thus even if one instance of passwords
  were found, they could be changed or even transformed into
  another set and detach from those lost, locking out else
  deactivating the previous versions. a lot could seemingly
  be done with this though a secure environment would be
  required which seems difficult to guarantee if not allow
  for sake of someone elses interests, known & unknown
𝓶 𝟡 𝑤

@_date: 2013-11-15 21:29:14
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: passwords! (p6) 
additional layers of transformation could also be included
that use symmetries or other calculus-like transformations.
consider the previous example...
  [1][2][3][4]  --->  [2][4][1][3]
now consider if within each subset additional characteristics
could be modified, such that set 2 is mirrored by vertically
by the letters that obey these principles... and set 1 has its
letters in reverse... and sets 3 and 4 are rotated 180 degrees
  [pass]-[wo]-[r]-[ds]   --->   [mo]-[sp]-[ssap]-[J]
and that this could also be dynamic and change, for a given
instantiation of the base password as it is mediated for login,
as an ever-changing password with its own variability which
could change daily given, say, a range of 30 such criteria
that may or may not be accessible in various combinations
then rulesets would be important, what if some letters can be
transformed and others cannot, are substitutions chosen or
are only some characters changed, or how to deal with a
character with multiple options for superposition translation
this kind of exponential potential for passwords in a context
where the simple model is so simple to allow easy hacking,
what if systems were designed to be significantly more difficult
to access and that /time/ was leveraged to limit unauthorized
access and to limit, via relativism, what can be seen in a given
threshold or timeframe, to potentially make it impossible for
automated attacks of logins via brute-force via zombie-nets,
by making the odds more the opposite of what they are today,
given access, enough time and dictionaries, versus limiting
the exploitable window, limiting the time frame, and use of
dictionaries via increased variability that is never static, and
thus each login could tend more towards 1 in a million guess,
by chance, and have that be the repeated situation encountered
at login, versus allowing 10 million attempts to gain illegal access
it just seems common sense that perhaps it is made to be broken
and that without such introducing or allowing parameters of such
increased difficulty, that perhaps it is the design of the ecosystem itself
versus its merit in terms of 'actual security' versus what is allowable,
thus making the password issue itself that of a false perspective,
as if 8-12 alphanumerics w/special characters is maxing out possibilities
when instead limiting the questions to those parameters may force
another approach prematurely, which could be even worse, policy-wise
😺 😶 😈

@_date: 2013-11-15 23:51:19
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: passwords! (p7) 
consider the previous example once again:
     [pass]-[wo]-[r]-[ds]   --->   [mo]-[sp]-[ssap]-[J]
there could be multiple transformations (a->b->c) that
could involve switching the sequence of the set, and
other such ~operations, whether to the entire password
in aggregate (as string) or inside the separate 'bit' sets,
each potentially having overlapped or different changes
due to symmetry with alphanumerics (hiox), usually the
reference is to vertical, horizontal mirroring and rotation of
180 degrees, though this could also involve 90/270 degrees,
such that a pass could filter the entire string for 90 degrees,
as in the example below, or in other instance, only set 1, etc.
     [mo]-[sp]-[ssap]-[J]   --->   [3o]-[иp]-[ииap]-[J]
in this example, the letters 's' when rotated 90 degrees turn
into the russian lowercase 'и' via substitution.  likewise the
letter 'm' turned into a '3' via its partial rotation.  another rule
for bit set transformation could involve the contraction and
expansion of what is inside the set or the string en total...
such that in the original example, the duplicates letters
in a given set are dropped into a single letter... though
this could then double the other letters within the set...
     [ssap]   --->    [sap]   --->   [saapp]
therefore, a starting password string could in a given
instance change from nine to ten characters...
     [mospssapJ]   --->   [mospsaappJ]
a different take on this same technique of expansion
and contraction is more deconstructive, in that that
the 'intra-sign' or 'infra-sign' structure itself could be
tapped into as its own layer of character abstraction.
consider once again the basic example already used...
     [pass]-[wo]-[r]-[ds]   --->   [mo]-[sp]-[ssap]-[J]
it is possible to modify what is within each bit set in
a range of ways, this transformative process equivalent
in some sense to calculus, relying on geometric ordering
as it relates to typography though could extend further into
linguistics (phonetics, meaning, grammar, syntax) variables.
the focus of consideration is what could potentially happen
to meaningfully transform a bit set or bit string and then use
this as a framework or basis for a ruleset for such processing
take the first bit set in the transformed version:  [mo]
it can be broken down or opened up via its correspondence
with other structuring, so for example the issue of rotation is
such that 3,w,E,m are variables for rotation while o is the same:
     [3o|wo|Eo|mo]
so in that particular range of parameter, the superposition for the
original letter 'm' is more varied than for the letter 'o' in the same set
further though, the structure of the sign itself (at the intra-bit set level
of measurement), that of a single letter, could also be the basis for
such transformative rulesets that further expand or contract 'variables'
in that through their "options" or optionality, provide various structures
that may or may not be used in given bit set permutations at multiple
levels of the letter sign, intra-bit set, inter-bit set, and bit set string
     [mo]
again, consider the potential letter-based structuring that could be
broken apart and merged/fused together to either expand or contract
the given alphabetic and likewise other alphanumeric example...
     [mo]   --->   [rno]  --->   [rn()]
the letter 'm' is fragmented into a letter 'r' and letter 'n' which combine
back into the letter m via proximity or adjacency, and the letter 'o' can
be abstracted into paired symmetric parentheses. what this also does
is take the bit set and expand it from two letters to four characters
the takeaway is that the length of a password could be variable given
what rules are involved, such that a base password could expand and-
or contract and itself be variable across many of its attributes, existing
in a potential state or superposition, that is more the parameters of a
Schrödinger scenario than a pattern-match in a dictionary context
for any given [password] that could be a million potential permutations
consider the following example of a bit string instance, again...
     [mospssapJ]
just making one transformation could change it from pw1 to pw2,
say using a 180 degree rotation first, then a repeated letter function
that drops a letter and expands others in the set (in this case string)...
     mospssapJ   --->   wosdssedr   --->   wwoossddseeddrr
notice the original password ~instance expanded from 9 characters
to 15 characters and has actually changed 'variables' of the password,
so that even if the original password is known, (and then: outdated),
without knowing the rules, it would not be easy to establish pw2 due
to potentially infinite variability, whatever the hidden rulesets may be
another example going further into this transformation via expansion
is to breakdown the sign-structures, again exampled at the bit string level.
     mospssapJ   --->   rn()s|oss|oJ
not much is occuring in this example, it expands from 9 to 12 characters.
though to make it more elaborate, lets rotate the letters 's' ninety degrees...
     moиpииapJ   --->   rn()VI|⁰VIVI|⁰J
this instance transforms the 9 character pw1 into a 15 character pw2 and
also introduces special characters that could be mapped to alphanumeric
structures. and this could go anywhere, to pw3...pwᴺ
for example, further mirroring, symmetry, rotation, duplication, substitution...
     rn()VI|⁰VIVI|⁰J   --->   L⁰|IVIV⁰|IV()nr
....horizontal mirroring of the string, and its further 180 rotation....
      L⁰|IVIV⁰|IV()nr   --->   ju()^I|ₒ^I^I|ₒ7
another pass could again recombine letters, such as substituting
a letter 'b' for '|ₒ', and turning each letter within the set 180 degrees,
if it can be mapped into another character structure...
      ju()^I|ₒ^I^I|ₒ7   --->   rn()VIpVIVIpL
so the idea here is that it is possible to move from pw1 to pwᴺ
and have a running password that is a transmutation of some
original or seed password that is itself autonomous, changing
and variable across a range of parameters; in this way, the
password could have involve aspects of superposition in its
bounded local interactions as its variability is encountered
     mospssapJ   --->   rn()VIpVIVIpL
in other words, pw1 and pw2 and pwᴺ could be a continual
process of transformation, and this variability could fill time,
and expand and contract and change characters, languages,
inter and intra-sign structures, and likewise could include
other variables as mentioned (temperature, other relativistic
variables- moon phase, number of sunspots, UV index, etc)
thus, pw1 could be 15 characters in one moment, 38 the next,
and potentially even strengthened if more than five attempts at
access occur, dropping gates and walls and further parameters,
or spawning a false basic password as entry into the labyrinth...
x⁽ xⁿ x⁾

@_date: 2013-11-19 15:21:20
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: consciousness (urls) 
[decades ago when a gradeschooler went on a museum tour of Glensheen
Mansion, located in Duluth, Minnesota. what amazed me was at that age was
the level of luxury achieved by the extremely wealthy, in comparison to
ordinary people. this was captured in a magnificent shower that had twenty
shower heads and body jets, in 1908 (potentially involving gold). this is
context for a recent 'typological' discovery when on Amazon, where these
kinds of shower arrays are now being sold as normal fixtures (example url
shower panel
Glensheen Historic Estate
what i think is interesting about this is how over time these values or
luxuries even, migrate towards the larger population, once-middleclass, and
that a level of opulence exists where ordinary people live like kings and
queens via these vary many details of conventional life. in that, you do
not need to be a baron to have 10 showerheads if that is a significant
priority yet it may be one of many and eventually establish itself as a new
standard for bathroom fixtures and so it can be tied to how it is valued,
its use, is it really better than a simpler solution. and under this is an
unrecognized issue of infrastructure, water ecosystems, regulatory
policies, water quality, and water conservation that cannot be disconnected
from the artifact as idea.  so too computers with powerplants and pollution
and energy wars, and so on.
it just surprised me to see this on Amazon after several decades, and
remembering how amazing that shower was of a wealthy person from
yesteryear, and now an approximation of that technology exists as another
choice for shoppers, more than a century later. and how it seemed to
indicate various parallels, yet how underlying factors may also not be
dealt with at the same time something appears as if progress when removed,
isolated from its context. in other words, perhaps it is like an electric
razor that had efficiency to replace a safety razor, yet today they are
sold with chemicals that need to be repurchased again and again to keep it
working (auto-cleaning cartridges) and thus a secondary 'blades'
requirement, more and more to keep the thing working, and it involves
additional effort to _manage the device. thus, what of televisions from CRT
to digital and increased bureaucracy or other technical issues related to
computers, making them less efficient or effective as tools, or more
involving time and energy to manage or configure settings. and thus, what
if there is hard water and not only one nozzle gets blocked, but eight, and
all need to be cleaned or replaced, etc. perhaps that is the essence of
friction-free purchasing without connectivity to other ecosystem issues. it
can be excluded from the analysis, the innovation occurring in some ways,
efficiency, while in others it may be a loss of function or additional
routine that is more trouble than its worth. so too, technology in general,
additional settings, versus artifacts and tools that actually work as they
are designed to and are exceptionally well functioning, removed of errors,
etc. who knows if the 'advanced options' of the shower panel are worth the
investment, though the question may be- do you need to be rich to keep up
with the eventual upkeep expenses, if not troubleshooting and maintenance.]
Study reveals potential breakthrough in hearing technology
[quote]  "That means that hearing-impaired people who had the benefit of
this algorithm could hear better than students with no hearing loss," Healy
said.  [unquote]
(note: once read a remarkable statistic now forgotten regarding the
projected need for hearing aids in young adults due to mp3 players and
personal audio electronics, perhaps to include cellphones even, that was
resulting in hearing loss issues on a massive scale. in other words,
hearing aids are the future for entire generations, due to noise &
listening to loud music whether on headphones or at concerts with huge loud
amps, etc. guess when the musicians playing are themselves dealing with
hearing loss it might be considered a side-effect of the approach to
musical production even. though perhaps everything, TV, phone, traffic,
(now cannot even take a walk without having someone alone who is talking
out loud to themselves, only to realize they are using a cellphone involved
in a remote conversation. combine this with those who view screens while
walking outside, and a form of willful blindness and deafness appears to
exist as people move in private bubbles of reality).
[&] Loss: Is Loud Music Making Teens Deaf?
(note: this is an example of the statistics though what i remember included
examination of multiple generations, all having increased and severely
premature hearing loss specifically due to electronics and the noisy
environment, where nerve cells for hearing are being killed off via
sound-based activities; the irony that music 'listening' leads to loss of
hearing, etc.)
South Africa cemeteries to microchip tombstones
Broken windows theory // recontextualize with OS
~Greenwaldian Theorem // a^2 + b^2 > c^2   (via digg)
First-Ever Hyperspectral Photo of Auroras
' The NORUSCA II can switch between 41 different optical bands in a matter
of microseconds, allowing scientists to detect things in the atmosphere
based on their “light fingerprint.” '
[in-article link]
Researchers Turn an Ordinary Canon 5D Into a Hyperspectral Camera
note: this last issue has potential relevance to solar astronomy, because
solar telescopes today using h-alpha filters (such as Coronado Solarscopes)
need to be tuned to one area of the sun, its surface or its edges, which
results in other regions becoming less focused. my question for this has
been if a holographic chamber could be made that can focus in multiple
'tuned regions' simultaneously and then merge them optically in a single
image that then is the basis for capturing images of the sun and its
activity. should be possible though a double focusing mechanism or another
approach with mirrors is likely required to allow for it.
Hyperspectral imaging
[quote]  Hyperspectral sensors look at objects using a vast portion of the
electromagnetic spectrum. Certain objects leave unique 'fingerprints'
across the electromagnetic spectrum. These 'fingerprints' are known as
spectral signatures and enable identification of the materials that make up
a scanned object.  [endquote]
How A Geek Dad And His 3D Printer Aim To Liberate Legos  (digg)
     "A Lego spokesperson says the company has no problem with Levin and
Sims’ work but is keeping an eye out for printed objects that infringe on
its brand. Neither Hasbro nor any of the smaller companies that sell
construction toys responded to requests for comment. So far the pair
haven’t ­received a cease-and-desist letter."
(also, see comment regarding printer specs, feasibility)
interesting quote from article:  Personal Kill  (via digg)
[quote]   "BG/OS:  It seems that the military’s answer {to how should our
military train if not for these simulations?} is to invest in technology
that allows for more automated, remote-controlled units; surveillance; and
weapons like robots and drones in any imaginable form in order to avoid
human casualties on the side of the military and in order to control from
the distance. Next to other things, this also indicates an increasing
militarization of cities and public communities in general, because single
individuals are the target. But drone pilots get PTSD too, and war zones or
conflicts can’t be controlled by machines. Automation seems still to go
only so far and the distance of the flying eye can trigger the application
of violence much easier than the immediacy of human encounter." [endquote]
A Neuroscientist’s Radical Theory of How Networks Become Conscious
[note: i had a computational model for achieving this through parallelism
of matched patterns, local-global computing to function beyond the capacity
of the human brain, all 'transistors' interconnected structurally, via
looping N-value logical evaluation into shared scaffolding that exists as
an ecological computation; concept of crystal ball computing.]
[note also: permeability of surveillance within todays bounded, finite PCs
could indicate a type of emergent consciousness that is surveillance, as
collective awareness or tending toward super- or supra-organism, yet again
bounded, constrained to few parameters vs. unleashing potential
interconnections, allowing that to govern, thus keeping it contained and
under control, to keep things in the existing paradigm, manageable by a
given ideology etc]
iPad Mini displays fewer colors than does iPad Air, says report
Though it boasts a Retina display, the new iPad Mini is still stuck with
the same color palate found in the first edition, says Anandtech.
[to me there is something 'meta' about this that translates into a larger
framework. perhaps at its most abstract, how tools themselves are bounded
by the ideas held inside of them, and thus more and more speed of
processing may still be rely upon a particular limiting approach, even
while appearing as if an upgrade or greater functionality. so what if the
fundamentals are off or something is constrained. and how much of planned
obsolescence in manufacturing is based on similar techniques, if locked
CPUs or software or non-innovating product categories that could likely
include most everything electronic, if sustaining false or warped ideology]
Invisible Fields. Geographies of radio waves
Astrophysicists tackle the Sun and one of physics' biggest unsolved problems
"Scientists have proposed two main theories to explain why the temperature
of the gas in the corona, which lies above the solar surface, soars to over
1 million degrees Kelvin even though the surface of the sun is a relatively
cool 6,000 degrees. (The center of the sun is 15 million degrees.)"
--- colorshift examples  ---
test videos to document colorshift properties using LED color light and
different colored objects for a project that was canceled. these are overly
long and very boring though demonstrate certain principles that could be
useful. (basic research)
VIDEO:  juggling balls  (2:27)
VIDEO:  juggling rings (4:51)
VIDEO:  juggling clubs (3:28)
the bigger idea involved venn logic and various balloon colors as a way to
visualize a model of consciousness i was exploring via 'balloon octopii' to
translate ideas of pseudo-truth and of various limits (and processing of
concepts as molecules) and parameters. here are some of the octopus images.
i wanted to make a 'brain' of multiple colored balloons for each octopus,
having different venn color compositions, and then photograph them together
under the same color light, as if ~resonance of /shared patterning/ to
model this relation via thinking.
pT/T modeling (note: REG noisefield for emergent pattern match) A=A/B
octopii communicating within noisefield via shared/unshared patterns
Platonic forms, ideas as molecules, tuned into as consciousness
so here was the larger idea... looking at balloons (translucent, opaque,
and transparent) as set combinations that have various color-based
permutations based on their configuration. that this could be explored, the
videos here only tests, first steps never developed further.
VIDEO:  venn balloons and colorshift test  (3:00)
VIDEO:  venn balloons and colorshift tests  (3:43)
VIDEO:  venn balloons and colorshift tests  (4:16)
VIDEO:  venn balloons and colorshift tests  (0:42)
two things to note: as mentioned, the venn issue and set theory, and
ultimately experiments for balloon-in-balloon experiments (red balloon
_nested inside blue balloon, then illuminate with various color sequences)
as this relates to balloon-by-balloon dynamics (overlapping of colors, even
picking up of colors by transparent balloons or tinge or color-casting).
 -and- also, the molecular aspect as if electron-tunnel microscopy or some
other device looking at atomic formations at some level of abstraction. so
the balloons were also going to be explored for these molecular forms (none
of that in these images, though it is a natural attribute of latex balloons
(tap the maple tree -> maple syrup, tap the rubber tree --> latex for
VIDEO: crude molecule test, failed to capture effect  (5:21)
VIDEO:  colorshift multicolor thread patterns  (4:01)
: : :  text transformation  : : : (errata-scramble)
      nopqrstuvwxyz/     uodbɹsʇnʌʍxʎz/
      uobdɹsʇnʌʍxʎz      nodbj5fn^mxh2
      W vv   M ʌʌ
      M ʌʌ   W vv
    \/\/     /\/\     \/     /\     \//\/
    /\/\     \/\/     /\     \/     /\\/\
{educational fair-use of copyright, 2013}
 AU <---> FeS₂

@_date: 2013-11-20 00:01:36
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: dual-use (urls) 
(note: several of videos from preceding urls-list were deleted,
thus links broken, due to reaching max upload limit at dropbox)
Vancouver’s ban on the humble doorknob likely to be a trendsetter (via digg)
[quote] Vancouver is the only city in Canada with its own building code, so
the changes made here are often chased into the B.C. Building Code and
Canada’s National Building Code, and then put into practice in cities and
towns across Canada. Vancouver’s influence is wide. And as go the codes, so
too goes the construction industry. [unquote]
Shocking Medical Devices From Another Century (via digg)
[&] The Bakken Museum of Electricity in Life
US NAVY: Hackers 'Jumping The Air Gap' Would 'Disrupt The World Balance Of
""The ships are floating SCADA systems," Hagerott said, making reference to
the same highly vulnerable Supervisory Control And Data Acquisition
networks that run utilities in America..."  (via drudgereport)
U.S. SILENTLY TORTURES AMERICANS WITH CELL TOWER ELECTROMAGNETIC
(link from comments in url above)
[quote]  Each day, a nationwide scalar electromagnetic radiation
"multifunctional" radio frequency directed energy weapon attack system
employing phased array cell tower antenna transmitter/receivers and GPS
satellites, under the administration of U.S. Cyber Command and military
contractor Lockheed Martin, is used to silently and invisibly torture,
impair, subjugate, and degrade the physical and neurological health of
untold thousands of American citizens who have been extrajudicially
"targeted" by a hate- and ideology-driven domestic "disposition matrix" as
"dissidents" or "undesirables." [unquote]
. . . . : : :  films & videos  : : : . . . .
Resonance Beings of Frequency documentary film  | 2013, online 1:28min
Full Signal - 52 minute documentary - trailer
Genre: Documentary | Run Time: 61 minutes | Release: June 2010
Full Signal reviews at Amazon
Safe (1995 film) -- Julianne Moore
{educational fair-use of copyright, 2013}
☢ ☤ ☣

@_date: 2013-11-20 01:47:59
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: dual-use (urls) 
References:  <1384929239.37204.YahooMailNeo
Interesting. also, like how phrenology was discredited yet when
recontextualized via neuroimaging it seems a similar paradigm, just
different territory and cartography.
noting for completeness: connection of TENS and other such electronic
devices with kinky sex culture...
Erotic electrostimulation
The Museum of Questionable Medical Devices is also in town here...
all of this reminds me of Alvin Toffler, (perhaps book Futureshock) who
advised taking company tours such as of manufacturing facilities to learn
how industry ecosystems function as another route to education, literacy,
learning. there is a quackery devices, Bakken, and also a broadcast museum
in town, though the advice extends towards visiting old mines, e.g. (MINOS
Detecter) [0] or other facilities. in Berkeley i had a tour of their
participle accelerator, fascinating to learn that a particle can be
suspended by magnets, held in a stationary position prior to being merged
with the other accelerating beam, or perhaps for being smashed into, i
forget. though in a security-paranoid environment even these basic
pleasures of learning seem off-limits in terms of ideas, on lock-down
potentially, perhaps most so the threat of reinterpretation challenging
ruling ideology. like every observer is a security threat and social
relations and ideas tunneling inside that.
[0]

@_date: 2013-11-20 02:03:31
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: control (urls) 
An unconventional car: No engine, no transmission, no differential
"Without {onboard computer motion control}, the car is quite difficult to
drive because the wheels are not coordinated," says the National Science
Foundation (NSF)-funded researcher, who also directs the university's
vehicle systems and control laboratory. "You feel like you are driving
something uncontrollable. You could flip over, or travel along an undesired
path, or cause a crash. But when the 'controller' is active, based on
feedback loops, the vehicle motion can be controlled, just as the driver
Powerline: The First Battle of America's Energy War
by Paul Wellstone  // murdered in plane crash
"The inspiring story of a grassroots rebellion. Powerline describes the
opposition of rural Minnesotans to the building of a high voltage powerline
across 430 miles of farmland from central North Dakota to the Twin Cities
suburbs. Convinced that the safety of their families and the health of
their land was disregarded in favor of the gluttonous energy consumption of
cities, the farmer-led prairie revolt began as questioning and escalated to
rampant civil disobedience, peaking in 1978 when nearly half of Minnesota's
state highway patrol was engaged in stopping sabotage of the project. After
construction was completed, the powerline proved difficult to defend and
unprecedented guerrilla warfare brought many towers to the ground (due to
"bolt weevils"). Through pulse-quickening personal interviews and
big-picture analysis, Powerline lays bare the latent and unexpected power
of the people of rural America--and resonates strongly with today's energy
{educational fair-use of copyright, 2013}
༜ Я ץ

@_date: 2013-11-21 02:18:04
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: light-signals (urls) 
[viewed the last 20 minutes of this program, very interesting. about the
Schumann resonance and lighting, and 'the global electrical circuit'...]
NOVA: At the Edge of Space  (PBS science program)
[video]  Earth's Global Electric Circuit - Atmospheric Electricity
Global electric circuit and lightning
Earle R. Williams -- Research Overview  (see Fig. 1a)
Global electric circuit model to help
scientists understand electricity in the air
[quote] “The next step is to incorporate the distribution of
thunderstorms,” Lucas said. “Currents generally travel upwards above
thunderstorms distributed around the equator and return down over the
poles, away from the thunderstorms. Part of the future work is going to be
determining what influence those thunderstorms have on the global system.”
--- crypto platforms ---
unknown if others relate to it this way, though i think DMX lighting
systems (somewhat like MIDI for lights, fog machines, electronic
billboards) has potential as a communications system beyond strobes and
laser projections, LED light patterns and various colors and special
effects (disco-ball to various atmospherics: water-like filters, shapes,
DMX512 standard for lighting
what is quite interesting about the existing technology besides the
potential for lasers, is fully automatic controlled lighting systems,
robotic or remotely servo-driven, that can be coordinated and synced with
other events. so, for instance, you could have 8 different LED lights
around a perimeter that on cue could together reorient themselves and shine
different colors on a central object, though that involves a lot of cable,
infrastructure, and enough know-how to figure it out. and still, that could
just involve entertainment versus using the same functionality to, say,
change the way something appears via these potential influences.
instead of examining lighting as just a utility or as decoration, it also
could open up or unlock other meaning or hidden structures or qualities or
characteristics latent yet unexpressed or unhighlighted. the lighting of
the 2oth century World's Fairs were notable for the art of light via
electrical infrastructure which brought about a different awareness. and
then this related to the Great White Way of electrification, electrical
lights and electrical signage that changed the landscape and the way people
relate to the city, home, nighttime, movement, etc.  three books offer
insight into these dynamics in differing ways:
Electrifying America
Social Meanings of a New Technology, 1880-1940
American Genesis
A Century of Invention and Technological Enthusiasm, 1870-1970
and at the infrastructural level...
Networks of Power
Electrification in Western Society, 1880-1930
Thomas Parker Hughes
context:  History of electric power transmission
now what does this have to do with lighting gear usually related to DJ rigs
and night clubs and entertainment venues... beyond that lighting
technology, perhaps techniques have advanced over decades and now are a
major form of expression - including of information - via active 'light
signs' and even computerized, animated lighting technologies tied with LED
diodes, in terms including: longevity, size, energy-efficiency,
color-spectrum, economy, and inexpensive -in many scenarios-, mass
so the illuminated sign outside the store and the billboard have been
transformed via LED lighting arrays that exist somewhere on the edge of
beings screens, where the pixels are usually mapped to a visible array of
lights, versus the microscopic pixels of higher resolution computer display
screens. and yet these electronic signs and billboards as "communication"
appear as a mundane functionality, versus a potential realm of exploration
(i.e. Jenny Holzer) and thus this same boundary condition of use, the
ordinary or standard approach versus other possibilities  also could be
extended into lighting innovations beyond the realm fo signage, that also
could function as a communications medium, for signal conveyance, yet not
used this way in default configurations of cycling colors or lighting
synchronized to music and thus providing sound-&-light atmosphere, as if
lighting flashes within thunderstorm clouds, versus other kinds of signals
beaming out of the fog, outside of the nightclub scene.
in other words, lighting systems as signage, communications platform,
potentially signal systems for cryptographic content in the realm of the
semaphore, symbolic comms, etc.
here are a few introductions to the technology available...
[video]  COLORbar™ SMD by CHAUVET® DJ
info:  COLORbar™ SMD
(basically, in a combined array using DMX and software, patterns could
potentially be programmed onto the device as a display or communications
medium, including abstract signs or other language variations, within an
aesthetic context or as signage/semaphore)
[video] CHAUVET COLORbar SMD Overview
(note: light patterns could be video captured by mobile phone, decrypted)
this is perhaps the most promising, most applicable to 7- and 16-segment
display issues though in the dot-matrix approach, scaled to signage versus
circuitboard component... again a massive array would be needed though
definitely, if programmable, an 3|E animation and other calculations could
occur, the larger the grid, more space for symbols and words, though that
would be room and wall-sized and a huge investment to start, versus smaller
Core™ 3x3  // units interconnect into grid array. pixel-mapping.
[video] {reference : pro-series Nexus™ 4x4 & LED video wall panels
then there are 'lines' known as colortubes, by different manufacturers
which could be used to create segmented alphanumeric characters or blocks,
or vertical or horizontal arrays. in addition, this technology is
potentially particularly well-suited to /\|\/ type dynamics...
[video]   American DJ LED Color Tube  // non-DMX, with remote
[videos]  CHAUVET COLORTUBE 3.0 EQ LED // DMX controllable
[info] (really quite amazing, if it can be programmed at the pixel level)
[video]  American DJ Flash Panel 16
note: many DMX-LED lights have controllable brightness levels

@_date: 2013-11-22 15:04:24
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: hidden parameters (urls) 
IR vision lets researchers see through—and into—multiple layers of graphene
--- on natural fluorescence ---
[video] Bill's Fluorescent Rock and Mineral Collection
[video]  Science Friday: 3:36 min tour
"In 1968, the New Jersey Senate decreed the town of Franklin a geological
wonder: "The Fluorescent Mineral Capital of the World." Over 350 different
minerals have been found in the area, ninety of which glow brilliantly
under ultraviolet light. There are two mineral museums devoted to
fluorescing rocks, the region's unusual geology and its zinc mining
[search] images of fluorescent minerals in rocks...
What Materials Glow Under a Black or Ultraviolet Light?
[images] Hall of Fame Specimens - fluorescent minerals in rocks
UV Rays Shed New Light on the Hope Diamond’s Mysterious Red Glow
[quote] The 45.52-carat blue diamond puzzles scientists because of the
fiery red glow it gives off for several minutes after being exposed to
ultra-violet light. Scientists refer to this phenomenon as
phosphorescence.  “It looks like a glowing orange coal in your barbeque
grill,” explains Post.  “It has been described as one of the unique
properties of this unique diamond, something special to the Hope Diamond.”
Electrode recreates all four tastes on your tongue
NEW:  CF = collider function (juxtapose A & B) interstructure. e.g:
a. High tech toilets receive big prizes from Bill Gates
b. Kanye West blasts Zappos for 'shit product,' Zappos responds with toilet
[video] People vs. Power (1/2) Walking and Talking with Peter Wintonick...
[video] People vs. Power (2/2) Walking and Talking with Peter Wintonick...
[video] The Kids in This Billboard Point at Actual Planes Flying Overhead
[video] First Official Clip from The Zero Theorem
[video] The Zero Theorem official trailer - film by Terry Gilliam
--- crypto gift ideas --- :L
[note: wondered if computer crypto approach has become detached from
questioning basics of cryptography outside of a computer context. also, for
those like myself with interest yet little knowledge, how to approach the
subject, beyond just reading. various authors and thinkers have mentioned
reading childrens books rather than academic texts for a basic and
introductory overview of a subject. thus, what about those interested in
crypto, is a childrens crypto kit beyond the domain of issues involved in
crypto, or perhaps may some fundamental skills, questions, issues remain
overlooked or already decided upon in a given framework. therefore, for
child or adult with crypto interest...]
Codes, Ciphers and Secret Writing (Dover Children's Activity Books)
Kidz Labs - Spy Science Secret Message Kit - Ages 5+
POOF-Slinky 2023 Slinky Science Secret Messages Mini Lab
Circuit Stickers  // electronic principles, circuits
note: microcontroller programmable, paper, etc.
--- on rings ---
recently mentioned data exchange between electromagnetic ring and symbolic
once visited the Intel Museum which had a gift shop that sold jewelry made
from unusable pentium chips; cufflinks, necklaces, earrings, and presumably
rings (though do not remember seeing them).
Intel CPU Chip Jewelry & Pins
so any such key-exchange or other interaction between ring and device, in a
data mood ring or other informational approach, is going to have circuitry
built into it, issues of energy and power, and involve transistors,
capacitors, resisters, protocols, etc. so in some sense there is a depth to
the circuitry, it is not just an image of a ring but a complexity hidden
beyond the boudary of what is immediately visable- whereas the Intel
jewelry was itself this circuitry on display, as if a future data ring
would involve these aesthetic dimensions, inherently. note also the issue
of toxins in manufacturing if a diy approach with repurposed circuitboards
and components, highly toxic to skin, eyes, etc. including chemical
offgasing, related to toxic waste sites of discarded electronics, this
leaking into groundwater, poisoning populations.
the concept of a data ring that is an IC or computer that then interacts
with the environment, say in a crypto context, that it carries passwords,
synced as a paired identity device validating ID or providing
authentication or whatever. and so this functionality is just not an issue
of taking an IC or processor, memory, and storage and having 'data' on the
ring. it would need to be secured, have its own perimeter security, ways of
allowing and preventing access, etc.
the following rings visualize this greater involvement in the aesthetics
beyond just what the device would look like, and into its multilayered
in-depth construction, in dimensions that may also be internal and unseen.
thus a parallel between the chip as structure and building as structure,
and similarity of issues of detailing and design, issues of foundation, &
so on...
[image search] architecture rings
the larger context for this is the parallel between the circuitboard and
the city (plug-in city, Archigram) and again issues of relations of
building types and electronic components that have interrelated structures,
functioning, and programming of circuitry at the larger scale. in this way,
modularity into a larger entity, say 'crypto' and 'comms' (NFC) and
'processor' and 'memory' and 'storage'; likewise- stadium, highways, bank,
tv station, school, dwellings.
[image]  cityscape ring
Philippe Tourraine - Les bagues Architecture
what would the foundation be, what would the walls be, roof, how many
buildings, how are they arranged, what is the interior and exterior
relation and dynamic, what is the perimeter, what is the functionality and
purpose, what can it do and why. rings and sensors, modules, ecosystem
relations, programmability, display or opaque, indicating feedback, etc.
what is potential for, sans LCD, micro- or nano-leds as ultra-low power
matrix. beyond conventions. how many different typological relations in
larger ecological context: ring-computer, ring-phone, ring-signage,
ring-symbolic.device (orb), ring-POS.device, ring-ATM machine, etc.
ex. Intel Chip Keychain
Intel Chip Keychains
{educational fair-use of copyright, 2013}
א ט ם ך

@_date: 2013-11-29 12:23:44
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Interesting take on Sanjuro's Assassination Market 
References: <1385370567.90180.YahooMailNeo
 <5293740D.4030506
 <1385417238.14632.YahooMailNeo
 <1385421475.40988.YahooMailNeo
 <87zjosrlnq.fsf
 <52975E55.4000805
 <5298C4E1.9050702
(sidenote: what if a future "electronic monetary system" that relied on
community taxation would have a voting option, such that 50% of taxes go
towards a general system of operation, and the other 50%, say based on
income, can be steered into categories of funding (e.g. crime prevention).
such that localities or demographics could focus their tax contribution
towards the issues of most relevance. in a realm of electronic currency,
perhaps this could even be fractional, 0.001 percent of individual taxes
going toward certain issues, say specific hereditary disease research based
on given genetics, etc. and perhaps this micro-level adjustability of taxes
could help both at the general level and allow steering of policy towards a
more ground-up or public representational approach, via constituencies, by
how they vote through their directed tax-feedback; with a robust fielded
electronic monetary system, perhaps even a flat tax or sales tax model
could do such fractional micro-taxation at the POS cash register, via a
centralized system that sorts or divides a particular tax (for clothing,
say, at a store) and takes some amount for a general fund and a remainder
for such issues, as preferenced by each individual. info tech & currency
versus paper-based bureaucracy as it seems today with formwork, outdated
modeling for lightspeed data exchange and information transmission.)

@_date: 2013-11-29 19:18:49
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Interesting take on Sanjuro's Assassination Market 
References:  <20131130003550.B2D4622809E
forgot to mention: this fractional taxation that could be individually
routed to issues then could be a way of funding basic science or studies or
research outside of existing political frameworks and providing oversight
or for 'increasing support' for agencies such as the GAO in the US, via
what programs are given more prominence within policy (for instance if
issues of EMFs and cancer and telephony were put into policy via directed
tax funding).
also: the income-based structure of whatever this 'routable tax percentage'
may be called, would need to address vast income inequality, such that each
citizen has a certain proportion though some citizens should not have a
million-times more vote if wealthy and taxed. perhaps more of their taxes
would go to the general system fund allocated to basic government
operation, or some other way to keep the vote distributed by unique
individual views versus dominated by those with most all the money,
circulating and non-circulating.
(which brings up the issue of paper currency as ultimate
surveillance/monitoring system, if taking into account traffic analysis of
money from points A to B to C ... to N. while credit and debit is more
transparent about this, it is difficult to imagine a more useful model for
flow of money through a chain than tracking paper currency in exchange and
using this for all it is worth statistically, pre-internet, though
computer-dependent to parse all the data.)

@_date: 2013-11-29 20:58:21
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Interesting take on Sanjuro's Assassination Market 
References:  <20131130003550.B2D4622809E
yeah. the problem with calculation as reasoning is if the equations
are not accurate or correct the 'answers' obtained via processing can
be too easy or simple for the actual situation involved.
this is the problem of language itself, seemingly, absence of
connection with logic, accountability for actual versus perceived
truth, shared and unshared observations, competing relativism in the
literal, whereby local calculation-like determinist viewpoints compete
without all variables taken into account to get "answers".
societal-wide, civilizational pandemic.
for instance, assuming *taxes* are a yearly issue taken out of payroll
only, and not a national debt burden (is this $500,000 per citizen,
when will everyone be a millionaire in reverse, via debt owed?)
the economy is not sane in terms of "economics" and yet taxes are
viewed locally as if a pure action that indebted to the absolute
fucked-up-ness of things, then used against individuals who pay less
or whatever, to justify a certain viewpoint when its not this simple,
yet entire groups view it this way as an ideology which is
self-beneficial to share values or functioning.
instead, it is normal for the tax pious to take vengeance against
others immoral for not carrying their own weight, when the entire
system is leveraging a certain class against others, forcing lives
into ruin, to sustain the given economy, then moralizing on top of
this as a conceit, of superior virtue, for those fictionally
supporting others in conditions and circumstances of privilege if not
duplicity and criminality, social darwinism survival-of-the-fittest
the masturbatory fantasia of those fat-brained and ill-conceived,
nannied by television sets, sporting events, and retirement pension
plans, for their better-than-thou thinking, not noticing their boots
on the necks of many below, living off their structural misery, last
of a generation of assholes able to do this unless extending this
fiction into the present, those able to have sustainable living
temporarily within a completely corrupt and bankrupt system and
society, and acting as if this is normal, on the level, and not based
entirely on bullshit and lies.
it is to assume the monetary system and taxes are something pure, as
if the gold standard today is not based in SHIT itself, junk economy
and throwaway culture and planned obsolescence, ripping people off
normalized, and then complaining because people need money for shelter
and food to just keep breathing, versus someone having five television
sets and three cars and two homes or just alot of stuff while others
cannot even get past a state of continual debt and are forced out of
the economy for the good of these bastard others who then look down on
those they are standing on, spitting at, and viewing as a lower form
of life- because money.
really, people actually think the monetary system and tax system is
going to be altered via a change in policy and a new system enacted,
and that is how a new way of taxes will be transitioned. that this
current fiction is going to peacibly be transformed into something
else, everyone holding hands singing kumbaya around a campfire, -or-
will it include the beginning of armageddon, separation of peoples
into those who are friends and enemies, and then within the
friendly-set, making these changes while 9/10th of the population is
liquidated via war, for starters. what if the more realistic
tax-improvement scenario.
what the more accurate scenario, modifying the existing system or
starting over, when taking everything that needs to be taken into
account into account to actually be able to deal with the involved
issues. it seems this very language prevents that modeling from
occurring, it is to be trapped within a realm of words divisible,
perspective unto perspective, never able to integrate all views into a
single correct viewpoint, removed of error, and thus every warp and
skew exchanged as normal and legitimate when it is not a default
condition, absolute correspondence between belief and conveyance and
yet this communication medium makes it appear so as an illusion, as if
saying (signs) is truth itself versus its being referenced from this
condition. and the truth of taxation is far more than a dollar number
or how it is allocated individual to individual, yet this is
commonplace and typical of its politics, as if people can vet out
"justice" via monetary-based ideology as a value and moral system,
'truth itself', objective (A=A) because it is number-based, and yet it
is monopoly money, game money, a fiction at the level of its purpose
and the concept of economy itself. at the very least is incredibly
dirty money, filthy, and thus to rationalize a moral superiority based
upon it as a perspective, which many do as if highest truth, is a
realm of the base for those who believe this, and only this, as their
value system.
it really captures the situation perfectly also in terms of the state
subsidizing itself, basically it is at the point where the state is
taxing itself, which is totally insane. people on welfare are being
blamed for being so poor as to not have enough to pay taxes, and
looked at as cheaters alone. taxing welfare that is not even enough
for subsistence in the existing quasi ~political-economy. such issues
are detached from a larger, more grounded reality that involves
structural issues relied upon for bullshit viewpoints and too-simple
frameworks, using inaccurate ideas as if a cudgel to attack others in
these situations. in this way, ignorance is a way for 'might makes
right' when a large group believes this ideology and then acts against
others, as if a moral police, yet at its core it serves first and
foremost a state of shit.
rationalization and extension of bad ideas and inaccurate thinking,
like the economy itself, allowed to inflate and granted power. it is a
bubble alright. including the fat in peoples heads bubbling over as if
insight when making and repeating idiotic calculations born of
ideology, mantra, dogma of oppressors.
they cannot be reasoned with either. which is perhaps why weapons were
invented. hell, the state itself is being run by these same people
today. all they care about is money, minus the truth it was to
represent as shared value, now devoid within currency, the basis for
the extortative ripoff via currency, the expropriation of work (via
labor transmuted into currency) then siphoned and hoarded via onesided
exchange, where most value flows uphill and is stored or used for
corporate citizens in their corporate democracy (yes, democracy
exists, just for corporate citizens not humans who are basically
slaves). the very use of money is an unequal exchange, it is A=B
exchange, it is not a shared truth that is being transferred, it is an
institutionalized ripoff that has become standardized, normalized, yet
made beyond contestation due to enforced illiteracy, the TAXATION
moralizers the holier-than-thou choir, though fundamentally,
foundationally basing these views in utter and absolute bullshit of
the state.

@_date: 2013-11-29 21:46:42
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Interesting take on Sanjuro's Assassination Market 
References:  <20131130003550.B2D4622809E
also gotta say:
i think the surveillance system has created the unique conditions
necessary for a grand-inquisitor like interrogation of each and every
view and belief, from any and every angle, eventually.
beyond just panoptics of a prisoner, if this technical omniscient
observation provides a form of accounting, assessing and checking the
truth of a given statement against known truth versus known falsity,
perhaps a potential liminal condition (if purgatory) for willful
error-correction or else, then it may create the perhaps unbelievable
scenario whereby people can no longer get away within lying.
that is, making the world impossible for liars to exist within, in
their beliefs and actions, within most biological (versus programmed)
behaviors that may involve tells or indications of falsity &
think of how that could benefit humanity, if liars could not be
allowed to continue lying via loopholes and must account for the
situation in terms of actual truth as combined from all viewpoints
total. that this is the place of citizenry, not held outside of it,
denied this condition of shared truth in which to exist.
every last idiot view and false beliefs could be taken down in their
hierarchical 'superior' positions, held to account and checked against
larger truth than just whatever is narrowed as finite justification.
in that truth would have to be accounted for, in the equations and
people capable of dealing with it, not denying it and gaming the
system for self-benefit via corruption and continual rigging of the
game which is not a game for those dying and suffering in misery due
to such malice and mendacity.
how many times has the wall that is encountered, the barrier, involve
the power of ignorance and use of denial of truth to enforce limits,
to devolve relations and interactions. what if surveillance has a
positive attribute in terms of accountability beyond just witness,
also as analyst. someone tends to move through the world via lies and
exploitation of others around them, and fights against those who seek
accountability and use of reason to mediate issues, who then become
enemies, and actions taken against these people accounted for
systematically, judiciously, yet never accounted for in a context of
greater truth of situations. peoples lives destroyed so others may
rise, truth lost in the process. what if all of it was captured via
surveillance. what if a person was held to account for their
observance and service to truth, versus exploitation of this, say to
gain power, prestige, money, by subverting truth.
it seems like every last word and utterance, phone, articles, emails,
chats, would allow such analysis especially of known false views and
beliefs and ideologies. maybe just the daydreams of executioners.
though it would be interesting if there is a running naughty and nice
list that grounds differently than 'the many' perceive it will, once
the bubble pops and the scenario is reversed, the nightmare begins...
(meaning, if the state is full of traitors, hostile to and subverting
constitutional governance, that would be an issue necessary to deal
with world-over, to allow for a correction, to get humanity back on

@_date: 2013-10-03 00:20:22
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [=] boundaries and thresholds 
cryptography in a computer context, tied down into particular mindsets and
frameworks, limited and private approaches to programming, addressing issue
of secrecy and security, as if it is all inside the existing observation,
contained within a particular viewpoint and set of variables as
interpreted. and then, how to convey another parallel world that also
involves itself in the same conceptual structure, though differently... and
even precedent to what is rigidly occurring inside the electronic boxes and
technologies, yet in comparison appearing only low-tech if no-tech, even
while precedent if not philosophically more pure. grounded by default of
its physicality as it relates to ideas placed into action. how to make the
case 'this happened before that' and yet to address a default detestation
or conceit that may also exist, culturally, via a detachment between ideas,
how things work, their relevance and trajectory and importance as
knowledge, while inside an illiterate world. a question of meaning, though
also inherent bias, presumption of 'knowing' and having answers instead of
not knowing and asking questions, learning from other realms of inquiry.
thus are minds and mentalities closed or are they capable of seeing beyond
themselves and their finite assumptions, especially if shared, solidified
into the dogma of ideology.
"science" without art is no longer science. it is technique removed of its
human purpose and capacity and becomes and functions for another antihuman
agenda. it can become a distortion or false viewpoint to develop hostile
policies within. the *insight* of art, of inquiry, of questioning, of the
realm of risk and of peak functioning and imagination, of optimization
within a limited context and challenging constraints - of knowing, of
being, of choices and actions - creates or opens or allows access, willing
or not, into another realm beyond the normal and everyday, new territory or
old territory reconsidered and reconceived. turning answers into questions
again and presenting new views into existing questions and ideas.
so for instance, 'the context' for crypto could be assumed to be computers
by default of this being the present situation, in a confined digital,
binary technological development. for some the relevance or questions of
crypto may be bounded within assumptions of this context, perhaps never
having been experienced or considered beyond this computer model and its
particular emphasis on certain algorithmic approaches, as if previous
questions have been answered correctly and now it is just an issue of
extending the model indefinitely, tweaking it within the given parameters
and upgrading the model into newer technologies. in this sense a certain
'faith in technology' could even exist, where blind faith replaces the role
of questioning fundamental truth, which has already been decided upon, and
is assumed "known" and therefore someone can just pick up the or join in
the parade and security and secrecy are effectively deemed guaranteed as
long as staying within the ideological lines.
and yet an entire world of experience exists outside of this view and some
if it can have profound relation both to the ideas of crypto and the
falsification of existing models that seek to bound and limit its
interpretation, thereby to control it within a given domain, while actual
crypto could be occurring outside this, without realization by some
"experts" who wholly believe in a limited finite hardware/software model as
the limit of questioning or the basis for relations in a realm of
intelligence or human communications of ideas in a realm of secrecy,
privacy, and security, including issues of the state as decentralized. as
if "where there is no computer encryption- there is no cryptography". in
the realm of ideas this view is beyond laughable and truly ignorant of the
domain cryptology operates within. for instance, the role of crossword
puzzles or suduko as it relates to puzzle solving, as these skills may be
applied outside a realm of computer encryption yet decipher meaning. not
necessarily within those puzzles though others. and that this is basic and
should be assumed relevant to ideas of cryptography and not seen as
separate in terms of what it involves. an algorithm is only a minor part of
a much larger realm of questioning that may involve other multiple
approaches brought into a shared evaluation. it is not just a technical
response that can be easily resolved in software/hardware models if it
exists beyond their boundary. and thus how a situation is modeled or
observed would influence what can be evaluated, and thus if there is no
consideration of crypto outside of computation, none seeming exists. and
yet this could be entirely false, an illusion or delusion of those so
trapped in their POVs. and to some degree or other everyone is trapped
within individual frameworks in some way, it is an issue of how it is dealt
with, must everything occur within that limit in interactions and thus a
bubble reality and bubble-relations are required, or can a person transcend
their own limits through realizing and acknowledging truth beyond
themselves and their limits and humble themselves before the larger world
of ideas and other people, to learn and interact with others and ideas, and
develop shared frameworks that are self-correcting, including requiring a
person to correct their flawed assumptions as part of this empirical
condition. in a sense, being freed of the burdens of upholding a false
private finite view, letting go of the need to rationalize everything in a
single correct view that is theirs (onesided) and see what is beyond the
limit of a particular person, via shared identity that maps into a larger
realm of the many, via the shared set of human awareness. where
itself in a single modeling of truth.
so a situation exists, a condition begging the question: can you freely
observe, can you freely think about what cryptography is, or are you bound
to certain interpretations that restrict and limit because those frameworks
are required for degrees or careers or papers for conferences, even if or
while they may be inaccurate or limiting the examination and exploration of
the issues involved. and so in some sense this seeks to present a realm
that is closely paralleled with crypto in the abstract, yet also thoroughly
material, tangible, in a way that this information in software or encoded
into electrons may not readily be. and thus the purpose here is not to
break the model of crypto considerations for its own sake, it is to break
it open so that it can relate to other events and be reconsidered within
the larger context it exists within, so that it can breathe again as an
idea. and be removed of the carapace of ideological and its sterilization
of the questions so important to the discipline, whose purposes ultimately
involves protecting and securing truth, not lies.
--- cultural precedent ---
for a moment assume we are considering the multimedia networked computers
of today including cellphones in this domain, as a platform in which
'ideas' and relations occur. that it is a technological environment we
partly inhabit to establish and maintain relations, with other people and
with institutions and with news and information; education, entertainment,
the weather report and so on. and in this inquiry, how someone defines
[multimedia] could be important to where the boundaries or limits are for
how the shared situation is interpreted, including in what categories and
what variables or dimensions it will be mapped out within.
and thus if someone considers that 'multimedia' began with the Macintosh
computer in the 1980s that would be one context for evaluating the
situation and making assumptions. Yet another may believe it was
established with Macromedia Shockwave software that allowed interactive
cd-roms and eventually websites to be developed as a platform. And at some
point these views may be resolved into one or another framework that may
bias the interpretation and also the possibilities when asking questions
and developing viable or usable solutions.
i once had the pleasure of taking courses at SF Multimedia Studies Program
in San Francisco in the mid-90s in the early multimedia boom when there was
still a cultural dimension to the questions of internet development, before
it become a de facto technical framework related to issues of canned
software systems, data mechanics and constant upgrades and repair versus
about ideas, organization of information, knowledge, education, models of
truth, culture. the issues of its commercialization -- like a Tsunami --
basically destroyed the internet as a cultural platform, and this went
hand-in-hand with greed, the desire for money and profit, and not valuing
the traditional goals of society because it could be edited out of
equations in self-serving ideologies of exploitation, as a standardized
institutionalized practice. sound familiar to anyone?
in any case in an overview class prior to this cultural meltdown, Randall
Packer taught a class entitled From Wagner to Virtual Reality that set the
stage for considering what the potential could be for multimedia computers
within the larger society, and this from a view of the arts, what it offers
as a context for technological development, its larger purpose.
and so with that experience in mind, back to questioning [multimedia] then
could feasibly lead, in the just stated framework, back to the Lascaux cave
paintings, with realistic depictions of animals estimated to have been
created approximately 17,000 years ago.
thus the question of multimedia could be an issue of first markings in a
next realm of communication, contrasting a pre-multimedia realm of
newspapers with an interactive realm, or assumably hand signaling with
diagrammatic animated-like depictions via cave artists.
formal systems of written language begin over 5,000 years ago by
comparison. moving from much earlier abstract marks, firstly, to eventual
representation by alphabets, allowing for shared communications in an
archival format, as this also relates to number, counting. and managing
both information and ideas (grain deposits, governance, stories, law,
so if a person questions [multimedia] in that context, of first marks and
new formal systems of communication and relation, yet still other
dimensionality and frameworks could exist that help define and consider
how, say, new markup languages or codes function in this realm compared to
those previous, or how it may evolve over time in a systematic way, given
what has happened many many many times before, over a period of millennia.
absent this, it is reinventing the wheel though perhaps with less
knowledge, repeatedly, and thus devolving the cultural standard to less
than what preceded it, due to ignorance, ignoring lessons learned.
so the internet ends up absent coherent knowledge at a larger scale, absent
education or ideas beyond the limited framework, and entirely within a
big-box highway advertising model of commercialization, as if an exercise
in ancient roman road building to every end of the empire with direct
connections back to the bank vaults at the core of the entire enterprise.
culture here being money. commodification of information, exchange, data,
the status quo. financialization perhaps high theology in its speculative
sense, escape velocity beliefs.
and yet another person may observe (and these latter two examples are from
Randall Packers scholarship) that like with Lascaux, that [multimedia] was
developed within art and that the work and ideas of electronic sculptor Nam
June Paik created frameworks for its evaluation and relation that
essentially are part of an overall empirical review, and it is important
both to consider and retain truth of these observations in newer frameworks
as applicable, because that is the source of knowledge in terms of
innovation and imagination, that it can and does function across shared
frameworks, scaffolding, between various structural systems.
you could just evaluate birds without considering anything else, yet
without trees, wind, leaves, sky, clouds, song, the fullness and wholeness
of the bird is missing. so too, the issues and ideas of code, encryption,
or in this case networked [multimedia].
and so the issue becomes one of including context, the foreground and the
background events in an ecological and ecosystem-like review or survey, and
i think diagramming and mapping and other 'first marks' are closer at
accessing these connections than written alphabetic sentences that must  R
A T I O N A L I Z E  them within a pre-existing viewpoint in order for the
views to make sense or be valid, given existing interpretations, versus
exploring questions and ideas at a conceptual level of ideation (fancy
word). thus, instead of staying within the existing limited views of ideas,
breaking them open again to question and test assumptions- that ideas are
hypotheses that can and need to be challenged to retain their integrity,
otherwise they can become ungrounded and detached from actual reality and
substitute for it, as a lesser version of events and experience- as agreed
to exist. thus, just like not being able to modify the segments within
letters which become inviolable by the limits of their modeling, so too
ideas become rigid by boundaries which protect them yet which could be
based on errored assumptions or viewpoints. /history/ is effectively this.
it could be a warped skewed series of shared observations that becomes the
platform to develop future actions and ideas, and if unchallenged or not
corrected, can function against the very goals and ideas sought, due to
this internal corruption or internal rotting that is deemed off-limits from
further consideration, especially in terms of structure, foundation. so
too, systems of language, code, programming as this effects hardware,
software, technical and cultural development. what can and cannot happen as
a result of established framework and their normalization, standing-in for
truth, yet potentially not accurately representing it and instead this can
become religion, following certain beliefs beyond the evidence, and
especially when in denial of external truth, via disregard or denial of its
falsification. which then establishes an inside and outside condition,
which is an ideological compound that can occupy communities, governments,
education institutions, and bureaucracies. and software and hardware tools,
entire technological platforms that support this ~behavior. so then
devolution is in full swing, and it becomes a Planet of the Apes scenario.
caged humans treated as if apes, needing to conform to the false worldview,
poisoned out of existence.
so there are these strange dynamics in the everyday that must be
encountered and dealt with and they involve pressures that like force
fields align with ideological frameworks that are mediated in certain ways,
in particular realms, and they can be known and identified yet may also be
unspoken or not talked about due to limits in communications with other
people, in regard to what can be said versus what it is known. and the
political danger in speaking, such that you may be attacked or killed for
speaking 'wrongly' or 'falsely' in that context, of the ideological. next
thing you know- no school for you, no career, no friends, etc. thus
following the ideological lead, the party line is important when truth is
managed by power and the facts can be chosen and edited to fit the finite
shared viewpoint, whereby broken society and broken equipment and tools and
broken relations are really all about evolution, and not driving
civilization into the ground, and making people dig their own graves.
this is the result of bad ideas. those that go uncorrected in their errors
and assumptions. the consequences are very real and add up. each lapse or
reinforcement of error promoting and extending an inhuman agenda, and this
can be codified and solidified within processes, within tools, within
relations, within language itself which functions against greater truth and
relies upon this fallen state of mediocrity in some faith-based sense- that
simply going along with the flow and following is going to lead to
emancipation and not extinction. as if the automated technocratic system -
driven by antihuman values - has our best interests at heart, when the
heart -- its virtues and its truth -- is not modeled within the machinery.
it is viewed as non-existant, a falsehood, sentiment by those detached from
its grounding.
and so crypto, likewise, may be perceived only as a manly man's sport- no
girly stuff here. no warm fuzzy relations or questioning. nothing soft. all
bits and sharp edges and speed, equations! algos! macho macho stuff.
mathematics as rigid thought system, non-metaphysical. and yet that is not
where its creativity arises from, in many instances. it is within ideas
firstly, ingenuity, not canned approaches. not answered questions
repeatedly incrementally upgraded. it does not glorify or harbor partial
truths as if good enough. weak ideas have no place in crypto, they are more
than a security risk. they are an unacceptable unallowable weakness and
should not retain employment, and those who serve them should be isolated.
here is why...
how do you discuss the direct relevance of fiber and textile arts with
cryptographers? what if this consideration involves a vital realm of
questioning and reconsidering the existing interpretation of cryptology yet
it is deemed off-limits by existing ideology? what if the too-simple binary
approach seeks to govern or determine what can be true or included within
its controlled framework- and in doing so ignores evidence and itself is
the security risk? what if there are cryptographers whose principles are
not aligned with serving truth and instead mimic this, and yet the illusion
of this imitation is broken by wrong choices, in that a lesser approach is
believed superior, ignoring or disregarded its falsification. and what if
to get into a larger framework, of [crypto] beyond its existing ideological
limits, involves cracking open the concept and seeing it in the larger
cultural context it exists within yet also has become detached from,
potentially, thus to consider it anew and test and challenge and extend its
modeling beyond existing limits and boundaries, thresholds and frameworks,
to see what crypto really involves as an idea, versus a given
implementation in a particular medium at a place in time, such as within
networked [multimedia] computers.
my first instinct is to not heed preconceived ideological limits of those
who simply think it is ~profane (to their crypto-religion) to break "their
rules" for crypto corruption, as they need the existing model to retain
coherence and governance of its next self-same iteration, that the sign of
crypto equals itself and not something beyond their control (that is:
crypto=crypto, versus its truth beyond the signage as packaged,
commoditized). so if people are trying to limit evaluation of an idea, core
to a discipline, it is fairly easy to see the political dimension and lines
of force that need certain questioning to remain *answered* and
out-of-bounds, to limit interpretation, keep it within a given perspective
so to control what can happen, and to protect a border between what is
inside and outside, or what if valid and invalidated by default of enforced
convention, if not standardization.
thus it is not only to forget them, it is to not include or allow them in
considerations if truth is and has been secondary to their inquiries, for
bad faith is their foundation for relations and interactions result in
automatic exploits via onesided agendas. keep out. they are bad for crypto
and these relations should be short-circuited, not allowed to continue.
especially as to influencing what can or cannot happen in their limited,
finite viewpoints. the exploring and questioning of ideas requires thinkers
and should not defer to ideologues.
so if suddenly it is proposed that yarn and thread and fabric have a lot to
do with crypto and computers and someone from a networked multimedia
computer context cries that it is off limits and wrong, perhaps they are
unable to consider such things or consider cryptological considerations
beyond a binary technical enterprise, and therefore are stuck and will
remain stuck in that given framework while other things happen around them,
eventually surpassing the broken model and its adherents who remain stuck
if not captured inside a sinking ship. woe are they, unknowing of their
descent into the unfathomable, the pressures that await.
and so at this juncture the connection with the Jacquard loom can be
introduced, of new technical automation within textile manufacture (c.1801)
involving a mechanical process of weaving guided or programmed by coded
punch cards instructions, resulting in the creation of woven patterns.
abstract input related to machine functionality, holes in the card mapped
to and representing hooks, leading to output in another medium. perhaps
similar to metal tines protruding from a wind-up music box, as to what
notes are played, though involving a more complex instrument and its
orchestrated movement of warp and weft.
note that also around this time, Ada Lovelace composed the first algorithm
for the Analytical Engine computer of Charles Babbage, thus recognized as
the first computer programmer. These observations originating from a course
taught by Mr. Packer on 'multimedia history'.
what is important to consider is that the platforms for crypto systems in
use today were experimented with and explored across a wider range of
consideration in terms of mechanical systems and how code and programming
developed into a single monocultural binarist system.
and at some point the relation between thinking of some task and putting it
into a set of  instructions to be parsed by machinery retained coherence
that may have been lost today, where writing such code appears even lost to
its own interpretation or unknown effects within the automated machinery.
and at some point choices could have become limited, from the control over
this interaction and the dimensions it is mapped and proceeds within, to
those that are not related to experienced or actions that need or should be
dealt with. and this could be an issue of programming models, though also
of ideas; especially "economics" as a discipline, where equations do not
adequately map to the reality they seek to describe in order to determine
profit-loss and gears by which civilization grinds into existence.
so i am one of the weirdos who appreciates sewing, due to an artistic
background, and this is a skill that is nearly wholly of a female domain
today, at least in the US, in that to seek classes a male will be faced
with class exercises for making dress patterns, etc. it is an interesting
conundrum or limit that certainly reflects what females must face in most
every context in terms of the dimensions allowed due to constricting bias
of interpretation.
awhile ago i went to a sewing expo at the nearby convention center to look
at equipment and was completely surprised at the level of correspondence
between advanced tools today and the earliest programmable equipment 200+
years ago. whether an individual sewing machine that can be programmed via
bitmap graphic files or via stitch patterns or larger equipment, the role
of embroidery done automatically by sewing machine (in that it is itself a
computer) is the extension of this earliest programmatic development, a
merging of Lovelace and loom. yet perhaps a step or more removed from ready
or immediate analysis, and more of a plug-and-play scriptability of
equipment. it remains unknown to what degree it is possible, though mirrors
similarly the issues of scale, from very large industrial color printing
into the desktop context of inkjet and laser home printers, whereby
something occurring at one scale is suddenly available in another and what
does it mean or indicate. and thus, in seeing the larger machinery, not
factory-level though home-factory level, say 8' x 4' dimensions for
equipment, including LASERS, these advanced sewing machine-computers can
basically map out anything in thread as if a painting on a canvas and this
has been automated, expertised, such that what may once have been zoned in
a particular area of town, requiring certain square footage, could instead
occupy the basement of a house in a newly zoned live-work neighborhood that
involves both e-commerce and retail dimensions, thus potentially like with
3D printing alongside paper/data copy services, could bring the village and
its [signage] back into a realm of city planning, where such districts
foster these services both locally and for remote online or business
orders, via courier and bulk shipments.
in other words, the nature of industry, craft, trade, skill, is changing
alongside the development of computation and this changes and challenges
the context of these tools and the relations they involve. and in this
approach, a certain segment of the population could develop their work or
business within their home, especially if it is symbolic processing, which
is the basis for telework and telecommunications today, reliant upon
this is not the idea that will be explored here. it involves something
else, something more fundamental and basic and vital and of a seemingly
entirely other approach and application. the difficulty is that for me it
exists beyond words, and thus like a programmer trying to find a way to
convey the necessary instructions to allow particular computation to occur,
it is to try to access a realm that already exists and to not limit it by
my own incapacity, yet to bring it into question as a framework for
considering the ideas of cryptography. today, yesterday and tomorrow.
--- deep culture ---
to precede this investigation, it was to recontextualize the idea of code
and programming outside the limits of the electronic box of the digital
computer, and consider that it may have some connection to the surrounding
background of other existing or previous events and their structures and
frameworks. as with cryptology and cryptography in general, as further
relations within this domain, reliant upon it though also seemingly
limited, constrained if modeling does not or cannot take into account
information existing beyond its threshold. and so it gets into a realm of
observation and action, open minds that are aware and questioning and those
that may be closed and reliant upon rigid structures for security and
secrecy that in a larger consideration are invalid, yet not accounted for
or accountable in this realm. so perhaps this is an ideological audit of
sorts, a litmus test, of crypto & intelligence...
the importance and value of art within development and sustenance of
culture can at times be hard to decipher, especially when retrograde or
functioning against the necessary direction. while some appreciation may be
given or afforded, it may also appear as a luxury, and a vast quantity of
its production may be ungrounded and not offer greater insight beyond
extremely limited or copyist approaches, yet which represent it and
"culture" likewise, via artifacts and trends and social hierarchy that both
validates and is validated by this relationship. and then there are the
exceptions- where the *insight* occurs. not just the production. and this
is a rare and ephemeral thing, and appears to occupy its own zone, where
its truth is transmitted and received within dimensions similar and-or
different and challenge or call into question or further expand upon
observations and discoveries, shared or unshared, in such a way as ideas in
a particle collider, or raindrops from a storm becoming rivers that return
to oceans and return to the sky. that a transformational event or relation
happens and alignment occurs within a range of experience, that provides
grounding, heightened or new awareness, and essentially helps establish and
defined an empirical model of relation held outside or alongside the
current technological construct as an ideological framework, art and
artistry active both in its preparation, continuing development, and
in this sense, technologists may be artists, as with others, yet
unrecognized this way, or if so equated, likely corrupting its validity due
to the role of commerce, exploiting or marketing this when subverted by
other agendas. which is perhaps covered by the fake money that artworks can
represent, symbolic commerce, the realm of celebrity now mass culture,
everyone having a potentially valuable signature, everyone a Warhol
Portrait in waiting.
and so it is to say again that this inquiry is not about that, in itself,
and yet about its substance, the truth it involves yet is caught within,
via collapse of culture, illiteracy and evaluating things only in their
most immediate limited sense via particularized views, which the binary
mindset provides as a basis for relation.
in this way, the contributions of artists Christo and Jeanne-Claude could
be evaluated in terms of artistic opinion in some canon of art history- yea
or nea? like or no-like in terms of an artistic project or experiential
relation-- especially in terms of aesthetics. and as this relates to ideas,
how the various artwork is interpreted.
i am no expert and art scholars have vast amounts of knowledge and insight
to share on these questions, though offered here is a potential way of
considering such artistic works in the larger context they inhabit- which
remains open to interpretation.
in the realm of fabric, Running Fence at least in part could involve seeing
what otherwise is unseen as a boundary or limit, a line on a map that
otherwise goes unnoticed, yet may establish an inside and outside. today,
GPS maps may be correlated with this, as a rode that is driven on is a
line, while others may appear, like that for a state park whose trees can
only be viewed in the distance from the freeway, that establish various
boundaries, inside and outside relations as it is mapped or correlated via
direction observation. informational structure that is represented and then
its representation encounters what it is mapped onto.
metaphysics is a difficult word and easily diluted in its placeholder
meaning, yet what it attempts to define is something that is difficult
otherwise to capture in ordinary terms, as if it operates at another level
than that of mundane, dull, and disconnected experience. as if suddenly
everything makes sense and has inherent alignment, yet which can be
unrecognized or hard to grasp because it is beyond a threshold of awareness
or understanding, unless it is encountered, experienced, and can be
revealed. thus there is an *invisibleness* to it.
so the thing about ideas that relates to this, perhaps especially as
linguistic constructs or models that take on the form of an idea as a sign,
symbol, or word, is that it is linked to CATEGORY and categorization, that
the meaning of words and concepts map into frameworks, structures, that
each upon another build upon themselves the larger language development.
foundation of this would seemingly be truth, yet not inherently so. and
thus [category] could be related to truth yet not equated with it. it is as
if an idea in superposition that has the potential to tend towards truth,
or towards greater falsity, given its accounting.
and so if there are two concepts, [concept1] and [concept2], they could be
of different categories that challenge or extend one another or be based on
different truths altogether or one could be largely inaccurate as an idea
whereas another more accurate, in a particular context. in other words
there are limits to meaning, it has boundaries, and concepts relate to one
another as with people, within certain dimensions and not others. and
connections are reliant upon structures or scaffolding between them, to
establish or allow their relation in whatever truth may exist, or falsity
may be allowed if this connection relies upon errors.
if really cutting to the chase, this issue of language could be an issue of
"original sin" as it relates to the SIGN and its misconception of equating
with truth itself, versus as a reference to it. thus the [sign] could refer
only to itself, within a corruption of language or outside or beyond itself
to truth that validates it beyond a programmatic assumption.
so when a [building] is covered entirely in fabric, what was once a
building that is seen within its surrounding context is suddenly
transformed, "disappeaered" or made invisible by its being covered and in
doing so, its surface is removed from the common visual realm and hidden
within an opaque interiority that can only be accessed by observational
imagination, as if virtual. in that, if remaining on the outside of this
boundary, it is discontinuous to all previous experience, where a building
is removed or masked out of the framework, placed into some liminal realm,
betwixt and between, neither here nor there. and in this abstract
condition, the form of the building represents the building itself in its
greater detail, yet lacks the 1:1 recognition that was known relation
before this.
in this way a given observation of a particular building could then have a
limit or barrier created that limits or changes this observation, and
provides a more abstract view in place of what was presumably of greater
fidelity to the thing-in-itself. the volumetric massing of the building may
instead become prominent, and in this, the covered building could exist as
if a wrapped present even, its unveiling and return to itself part of the
great delight.
and yet beyond this, what could be involved is informational, related to
the SIGN itself, as if the cover is what written or representational
language functions as, when referring to something else it seeks to contain
within its meaning. such that to cover something in this way is to contain
it likewise, potentially, as a category. in other words, the fabric could
demarcate the boundary between concepts, as with between different words
and their meaning, and challenge the notion of this capacity to do so. when
the building is covered or limited by this fabric veil, how has its
existence changed and the relation of observers to it.
it is tremendously difficult to write of, it is many layered and my
approach inadequate to seek to convey that this directly involves the
issues of data modeling within computers. that when seeking to map a SIGN
onto something else, it presumes certain boundaries or limits yet may
remain only partial to a given observation-- abstracting the very thing
that is to be modeled, instead of allowing it to exist in its totality, and
thus could involve an issue of removal of reality or reductionist
"development" by default of this presumption that the sign represents the
thing in itself, versus references and gains its value from it.
in other words, you could take the fabric off the wrapped building and
claim it is actually the building in itself-- which is what those invested
in binary language do with signs, they believe the truth is within being
able to put brackets and limits on perception and control and categorize
things, as if doing so makes it true. such that there is only one version
of an [event] and it is theirs and it is correct. and computers and
institutions and minds are programmed this way ~likewise. and in essence
this could be the empty set [ ] [ ] [ ], whereby truth is arbitrary insofar
as it exists to serve a given ruling perspective. because the way things
are covering it can be manipulated, and hide other details, or make limits
appear that are not really there, and thus guide in the wrong direction.
and perhaps there really is no building under the fabric- perhaps it is
hollow inside, and who would know if no one is allowed to check inside
anymore. the very idea of questioning theories- heresy.
when Christo and Jeanne-Claude covered a stretch of coastline, the issue of
scale again is relevant and involves what level of detail is possible to
achieve, and thus a rough sketch like covering of the form occurs yet only
to the most general aspects of given landscape and its geologic features.
'measuring the coastline' is a famous example of fractal mathematics
whereby the rule for measurement changes the length of the coastline. if
you map things at one-inch scale a different coastline will result than at
one-foot scale, as features and micro-features are accounted for. and so
too with fabric coverings, and so too, computer modeling and data
representations of objects and ideas and events in the 'external world'.
this is to suggest that the generality of the covered stretch of coastline
is somewhat of a proof of the limits of representation to potentially
accurately or entirely 'categorize' or cover or stand-for something else,
and yet the very power of language and SIGNs to do so, to be able to map
some event onto another, via a word or symbol or phrase. and that, like a
primal marking or delineation of territory, this artistic intervention is
establishing a boundary condition, in some cases an inside-outside
correlation, though also of thresholds of observation and awareness and
relation, that allows it to be considered anew-- yet also, the draping of
the event may be low-resolution to the event itself, in certain dimensions.
the ability of a computer to take the language of economics and automate it
into software systems for diagnosing ills and benefits of society within
its computational framework may pale in comparison to the coastline it
seeks to measure and its covering via its SIGNAGE. it may not only be
limited or reliant upon boundaries, it may be inaccurate and false in its
assumptions that become solidified and related to as if by default true, as
concepts. as if data that correlates to the conception validates the
conception itself; covering = truth. it is the very problem of binary
pattern recognition, its ideology and the corruption of ideas at the core
of civilization and wrong-minded and -guided technological development
  take half of everything or anything
  including errors and wrong assumptions
  call it truth, ignore everything else
so what if in the data modeling of the world, various data tarps are being
placed over all that exists, yet this is an ideological mapping that is not
serving human interests in the way the data is being processed and used, in
terms of automated reasoning and decision making that seeks to benefit its
modus operandi and not have this serve human values or needs anymore,
especially in terms of representational governance. what does it mean that
the Whitehouse or various seats of government may be data modeled likewise,
"mediated" in this same abstract modeling that tends to exploit falsity to
move in a particular direction and in doing so, plays the SIGNS and
shuffles the limits and categories [ [ ] [ ] ] and creates a viewpoint that
is supposedly shared, yet does not map into truth accurately and has no
legal obligation to do so, while humans and their society collapse into
moving the abstraction (goalposts of meaning) around, the signage to create
false perspective stagesets for oratory and political theatre, as if truth
itself -- this gaming of language and perception -- versus the requirement
and obligation to address [ideas] in their truth, within the world that
exists, not only that which can be allowed to exist within the computerized
(signs do not need to be accounted for in their whole truth, only partial
truth. the category or sign is detached from truth, becomes its own truth
via relativization)
maybe this question of abstraction, naming, categorization, and language
are inherent in the human condition, yet it is also possible some may
exploit these dynamics, through dishonesty and seek to misalign and
misdirect development via the /appearances/ of things, versus to account
for things in themselves. and thus again [signage] can replace truth,
stand-in for it and mediate existence yet it is entirely shallow and
self-contained, systematic, as if an issue of sustaining an illusion within
the given boundary, of an inside and outside, such that some may be kept on
the outside, and not understand the threshold that is engineered, and thus
be disenfranchised by watching and following the stage play, to their own
how do you know that GPS misdirection is only an error and not seeking to
cause an accident, is this an issue of faith in the goodness of
technocratic, biased political technology? what if the demarcation of
events in history are warped to a biased viewpoint and thus staying within
those lines serves a certain agenda set against your own existence- is
observance of that boundary by default validated via its
institutionalization, and what if educational systems no longer allow
questioning of these views within their walls- what does it mean?
what is versus what is represented. what exists versus what is represented,
modeled, and believed to exist. authenticity versus the requirement of
masquerade. people hiding views beyond certain limits or boundaries.
"reason" contained within binary parameters, etc. then Plan B, psychiatric
'medicine' for those who do not comply with the insane master narrative.
   they refer to the [model] and not to the reality
   they defer to inaccurate and false modeling
   and not to more accurate truth and reality
   they do not question their secured model
   and instead question the very sanity of
   the perceiver of more accurate reality
   (goto: psychiatric routine; loop)
a partial viewpoint stand against natural observational powers and the need
to correlate their understanding with it, for survival. this could indicate
either a simulation exists, thereby explaining how some people seem to
treat life as a game without consequence; else also an invading or
occupying population that aligns its reality at a distance and must
correspond views via a centralizing query and response, say via cellphones.
both scenarios could also exist simultaneously, existing beside the human
i think in some way, some artwork of Christo and Jeanne-Claude opens up
questioning of the categorization of elements of existence in a linguistic
if not geometric framework, as this relates to form and topology, and
boundaries. pattern yet at a holistic level or totality, in terms of
creating an inside/outside with a wrapped building. versus Running Fence
that may involve other conceptions of boundaries and limits via scale,
distance, and other geographic and geologic considerations, including
accessible temporal and spatial experience of observers. in some sense the
various events seem to question 'the fabric of space-time' via relation. as
if made out of whole cloth.
the enigma of information in this realm of category, where does the wrapped
entity reside in its truth- its it contained only within the boundary or
does it exist beyond this, outside of it, uncontainable in its
conceptualization within finite dimension. is it instead of a realm of
typology, tending toward the iconic, of stereotype and the archetype, the
symbol that is temporarily accessed, made visible, tangible, this gift.
the terror of this covering process would be that what becomes covered is
removed and replaced by a false framework, literally dismantling what once
appeared and could be assumed still present (and represented) by the
sign-based covering. in this way the exterior could be presented and
presumed as if an integrated whole while subverted in this same dimensions
internally, and thus while appearing as an icon or representative concept,
such as [economy], could replace the very meaning of this with its
anti-thesis in terms of reliance on falsehood or other exploitations that
are ungrounded yet also unchecked, allowed to be this way due to language

@_date: 2013-10-03 22:06:55
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: cypherpunks Digest, Vol 4, Issue 9 
References: was that eight pages of fun reading rambling just to end with ... "because
 i do not understand how the crypto algorithms such as AES actually encrypt
information- to what degree 'too many mathematical dimensions to model'
indicates that there is some elaborate movement of data in intricate ways
inside some computational matrix, perhaps like a menger sponge, though
involving multiple approaches to placing data within some structure that is
established and created, managed and then stores and accesses the data
again via decryption
a visualization of various crypto approaches to the degree they exist as a
series of computational moves, for encrypting and decrypting data, would be
helpful to understand beyond 2D linear graphs and data sets
for instance, is everything occurring in a 2D data space or 3D, of x,y,z
coordinates such as the sponge above, and would multiple algorithms be
involved in establishing an occupiable realm for the data, or is it all put
into one equation
what the SRF (strange read/reply function) introduces is the possibility
that such non-computational approaches such as origami, may not be
available or accessible if solely generating encryption approaches based on
mathematical structures themselves, such that a rationalization for
intricate folding may have no inherent purpose or may appear arbitrary
unless it was a strategic decision... it would seem unlikely to be
developed into crypto equations within a math-only framework in that it
would need to be rationalized without understanding its value- like doing
something for no reason
in other words how could origami crypto 'evolve' out of a mathematical
approach that is contained with a computer firstly, and friction-free in
terms of the mathematics that could be applied within that domain, primarily
and so taking the assumption further, the fractal menger sponge in an
origami approach, it could potentially be folded dozens of times in various
ways and effect various scales and structural connections, as a way of
coordinating data placement via algorithms, seemingly
yet the limit would seem to be perspective of the situation, because
origami could be N-dimensional, folded into non-existent space and doing
this across a class of nested multidimensional objects, including
potentially a form of computation or calculation based on overlapping
structures, symbols, whatnot, as a way of reading or deciphering or
aligning data events
here is what i do not get: why focus entirely upon known mathematical
constructs from within a mathematical boundary that are standardized into a
cryptographic approach. is this not somewhat like doing the expected, in
terms of 'how things work'.
whereas if modeling and questioning crypto ideas outside the limits of the
computer as medium (determiner of approach and its rationalization even),
what if approaches exist which have no known mathematical category they
operate within and thus remain a mystery, and there are dozens or thousands
of such approaches like each become equivalent to crypto characters and
character sets, that like an alphabet can be arranged infinitely into
different "equations", so you could use [ciphers] & [origami] & [bit sets]
& [fractals] & [n-dimensions] & [symbols] & [mathesis] together, each
having potentially thousands of unique approaches, and that together this
establishes an "encryption algorithm", perhaps one-time or changes with
and thus 3,020 folds, 20 character bit set, double-inverted mirrored
fractals, one-time symbol array data placement, and key-accessible
decryption via mathesis. what if such /computation/ is not even modeled
within a computer to /analyse/ such a situation and instead it begins
outside-the-lines by default, in the realm of infinitely possible
structuring rather than knowing elliptical curves are used, therefore...
i tend to think that the data space for crypto algorithms is rigidly
defined within known mathematical constructs by default of standardized
approaches. yet what about equations that do not exist or map to any known
preexisting order, potentially
it is the larger trouble with signs and variables, which the post you refer
to inadequately attempted to address, in that the image of a thing becomes
confused with what it references, in terms of language (and mathematical
variables). subjective A=B situations whereby a variable {x} no longer
refers to another event (over here...) and instead 'the image of the sign'
replaces it, via substitution, in certain ungrounded conditions when truth
is mediated in the signs and not beyond them
what this suggests is that the crypto algorithms inside the electronic box
or computer may be deterministic, a rationalization whereby the equations
themselves function as if the larger truth instead of referencing something
beyond the variables used, which can be assumed 'true' by default of their
being used (the sign or image of their use, equals the thing referenced
which is then detached from the evaluation). in other words the [sign] of
crypto stands in for [crypto] itself, as if the same thing, and then the
[sign] begins to determine the parameters for its development, and not a
larger truth, which instead is limited by this narrowing and bounded
interpretation-- such that origami may only be considered from an applied
mathematical framework within an already existing encryption approach,
versus independent and prior to this, outside of it, with vastly more to
offer than a limited placement in a linear equationspace, if conceived or
limited that way, as if only about compression, say, and not data nesting
in n-dimensional arrays as if interdimensional conduit that could provide
egress, circulation for code, and doorways and portals for keys and zoned
and yet there could be tens of thousands of such innovations, if considered
outside the computer framework-- it is an issue of imagination and
probabilities and then, like making an ancient necklace out of stone beads,
lining up a sequence or a matrix that becomes the basis for computation,
perhaps some of it blackbox, some of it not, yet [infinity] x [infinity]
... [k] by default.
it sounds like there is no way that n-dimensional origami crypto is going
to naturally develop within an RSA or AES context just given the way these
are discussed, the parameters, unless there are internal mysteries that
involve such dimensions that go undocumented and so perhaps it is just not
understanding the technical language that keeps a barrier between such lay
observation and understanding of what is actually going on- as the
being the fool, i admit i have not done my homework as conceptually it is
unclear to me upon multiple attempts and views, that it is so technically
laden an approach, or what is evaluated is so constrained to certain
parameters, that it appears to perhaps involve a single equation that
handles multiple functions, as if a Google Search algorithm, versus say
dozens of algorithms chained together that may do more as described in the
alternate version proposed above
yet sharing that model does not necessarily compromise anything because it
is variable, whereas it is unknown if sharing the inner workings of various
standards would make them less secure, to evaluate the algorithms, which
seems again a bounded process of 'review' over years, where inputs and
outputs are correlated in terms of crackable structures-- yet what creates
these numbers and schemes appears off-limits itself, behind a shroud of not
mistaken, as part of the technical approach, and so apparently mystery is
built-into the process, if not "unknowing" or trust and faith the standard,
which to me is bizarre
this because mathematics can be subjective, the variables as computational
entities (x->x') can themselves be manipulated as signs, such that an
ungrounded variable (x) can in its inaccuracy actually be another variable
(y) and thus if this is not checked and error corrected, can lead elsewhere
(y->y'), such that the sign of x leads to y'. because [x] becomes iconic,
an image assumed true by its existing as a variable, not auditing the data
model to whatever it being input or related to as x.
this is why a discipline like economics is so backwards, taking concepts
like [work] and [income] and [profit] and [society] and making them fuzzy,
attaching numbers to them, and making computations as if A=A objecting,
when instead subverted and moving this from A=>B', via the illusion that
[B] is actually [A], due to its relation as an identified pattern match,
(yet pT.)
aesthetics are a huge part of mathematics and 'natural number' in nature,
especially as it relates to geometry and symbolism. to omit this knowledge
within crypto is to have a too narrow or bounded interpretation that
determines false-limits and bases computation upon already-existing
knowable structures, perhaps as if the very purpose if for binary network
supercomputers to automatically break the codes. at least it would explain
the existing approach in terms of who it actually benefits most.
correction on post referenced: did not realize Olek and knitting crew
create panels of works or sections prior to visiting sites, which is the
only sane explanation for how large scale works are possible, so parallels
installation of Christo et Jeanne-Claude; also, artwork Running Fence was
mistakenly mentioned as inside/outside boundary, versus here/there or others
Emergen-C, Açaí-Berry, Super Orange

@_date: 2013-10-05 14:46:27
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?=5B16=5D_technical_footnote=3A_m=C3=B6bius_code?= 
i just watched a video from the Numberphile on youtube and it
perfectly captures a conundrum at the intersection of mathematics and
language, in a context of communication and interpretation, as this
involves read/write processing and potential errors or different
pathways to grounding supposedly common [variables], as this also
involves boundaries and limits and thresholds that influence it
please watch the video before reading the analysis below, so as to
consider the information prior to a particular evaluation of it:
Politics and Numbers - Numberphile // 7:31 m
in the way that [categories] can move from one context of
interpretation [A=A] into another [A->B'], so too it is possible that
the relation to the data or variables in a given framework could exist
in another framework, beyond a given boundary of presupposed
therefore, hypothetical issues of [skin cream] and [gun control] could
be remapped into another context, via ambiguity and relations of
observers, that is the dimensionality that potentially could be
connected to the concepts in their {superposition}, and thereby
euphemism could also exist as a subtext or subconscious or alternately
referenced domain that is outside the "normal" interpretation yet
still existent in terms of mapping into a shared meaning structure.
in this way, responses equated with "correct answers" imply
correctness in this secondary realm, as if grounded by the equations
and their conclusions.
in this way, referencing [cream] and [guns] could relate to sexual
politics and their interpretation as well, as if part of the larger
inherent dynamics of language as this influences and effects
"variables" of math. that is, such parallel processing could be
occurring beyond a given boundary, and be camouflaged or hidden by
variables as a means of -secret communication-
thus: the clear-answering via such quasi-computation that "skin cream
is worse" and "ban on guns is better" has different political meaning
when evaluated and recontextualized in this hidden framework, which
may be the default situation for observer-observer communications, in
shared unspoken frameworks. implicit yet operating beyond the given
boundary, unlike, or stealth, though of a realm of shared
consciousness in some domains and not others.
this is indicated in an instance of double-talk (or perhaps there is a
more effective word for this) when the narrator confirms YES-YES  that
his colleague is "good at math" when looking into the camera and then
doing a second take- indicating "no", as if there is a parallel realm
or juxtaposition in double- or triple-layers of meaning, that instance
perhaps mathematic specific (e.g. good at math meaning can deduction
of simple analysis (yes) versus literacy of mathematician (no) as a
result of arriving at the correct answers, or interpretation).
the inflexion then, when the narrator sums up that  "there are people
who do understand science perfectly well, who still let beliefs CLOUD
their judgement", could be grounded in this 'other context' via its
use as an analogy or metaphor, shifting or confirming a certain
secondary or tertiary meaning that co-exists alongside or embedded or
nested within the 'mathematical framework' that undergoes reasoning
clash "processing" as if entirely 1:1 by default, even though having
these paradoxical aspects of language that it is mediating, that are
unstable, and 'multiple' in interpretation, which ground to different
circuits or could be _ungrounded yet validated by this transference of
'proof' or 'correctness' via pseudo-mathematical analysis, a secondary
reading inferred and -believed- as if primary, yet unchecked in its
own framework of assumptions yet by default held as valid, due to its
coherence as language via shared awareness, meaning, and thus TRUE by
default of its being reasoned in these terms. a context of an
educational classroom with a field of lavender chairs perhaps implying
a royal instructional dimension, even, as part of an ideological
predisposition to how information is transferred on several channels
simultaneously, yet also secretly.
in this way, so too, programming in relation to the [ideas] thus
categorized and used for computation. the inherent potential for
möbius code that turns a given interpretation inside-out or is
transformed in some elusive way, where a boundary is surpassed yet
there is no seeming accounting for its different from the inside. this
is how observer-observer relations could occur, where there is
discrimination occurring in a given context yet afforded plausible
deniability as these issues can simply be denied or disallowed as part
of the 'shared awareness'. it is also seemingly how code or programs
could exist at other levels or have other unaccounted for
functionality, given how they are interpreted and in what dimensions-
based on what is shared awareness and shared as boundaries and
consciousness. perhaps much goes unnoticed and much is allowed in this
same way, as to social dynamics yet also brought into computational
contexts, of reasoning and 'seeing' and observing and communication
itself. so what if there are hidden rules traveling alongside a given
communication exchange, and that these are oftentimes the primary
language that is mediated by "equations" as it were, discourse or
formulas- and yet it exists beyond an accounting in truth, of the
actual issues mediated in this hidden way. to me that is the very
basis for tyranny of A=B governing the ability to consider A=A
relations, because it is the boundary that limits that consideration,
and is ideological and beyond error-correction, functioning as dogma
yet also, potentially, shared governing falsity that itself becomes
infallible due to its existing in language, as code, or especially as
a mathematical construct which actually is subjective and ungrounded.
in this way the tyranny of mathematics and linguistics and their
hidden service to political agendas, as programmed and codified and
parsed, becoming platforms for the false-perspective, while the real
reality is muted, unable to speak, deemed crazy to try to account for
what is going on that is officially "missing", the hidden data and
hidden viewpoints that corrupt and conspire towards certain opaque
functioning, given perspective, literacy, boundaries.
in other words, [ideas] that become programs and exist in computers
are not error-checked or error-corrected at this level of accounting
for their functioning, and this could be a realm of the security
exploit or 'other coding' by default of the A=B difference in
interpretation and this may be inherent and inescapable yet also could
be designed for or around, yet requires modeling of paradox to do so,
to address the contingencies of variables in their multiplicity.
perhaps it is a cognitive exploit, the human processor and human
computation that is the issue as it then may read/write or interact
with, interpret, and parse other code, whether computer programs or
others ideas-- yet the assumption should be this is an ungrounded
observational position from the start, that so much is unaccounted for
in basic relations, and so much is "believed" even in common terms
without the ability to question conclusions or observations, which can
skew to only certain predisposed beliefs- very likely due to limits
and boundaries allowing for this. and thus the issue of infallible
observers who by default may base relations and evaluations upon their
unchecked through always already "true" viewpoints, itself is the
basis for decentralized tyranny of 'shared beliefs' that by their
being shared or confirmed, are equated with truth itself.
illiteracy in this context not only involves bounded or limited
analysis, it is also dangerous for others who may be silenced from
this same activity, where the common false perspective rules and
everyone must conform to unspoken yet actively communicated hidden
agendas. thus, the mathematics can by default of their being related
to and through, as interpreted language, be subjective and provide
cover or a mask for other language, as a sign system that provides for
such calculations to be confirmed, yet only in pseudo-truth. this is
the essential corruption. and it appears to reside in individuals
themselves as thinking and non-thinking beings, such that the
integrity of an observation may not be required to exist within the
observational self, instead it could be assumed a function of language
and its external mediation even, 'over there'.
in other words, 'errors in truth' may not be recognized or accounted
for within the observer themselves, yet form the basis for shared
observations with others in these secret or hidden channels in that
their being shared is used to confirm their truth, via their
usefulness. and yet the self is held beyond account for this, and can
continue in error or unchecked in limited or warped or skewed
interpretation, and this may be parallel to other observations or
coincide with them, beyond a given boundary, where it is shared by
some and unnoticed by others. yet this establishes the observer in
this realm as an infallible viewpoint, which can then interpret or use
structures parasitically while assuming equivalent deduction by
inference, yet which would be ungrounded and pseudo-truth by default
of its skewed accounting and not being testable or error-corrected in
the terms it exists, and instead offer a one-way communication of
"belief system" that is not held to any account, yet may govern over
what equations can be utilized within what limits, while secretly
exploiting them at the same time in this way.
thus to propose this is the default situation, until made transparent,
and ideas grounded otherwise- and all of this accounted for in
modeling of language and mathematics, which until that point would be
more false than true, given the probabilities involving continual use
of shared frameworks of pseudo-truth that are detached from empirical
accounting in the wider context of truth, thus tending toward zero and
total falsity by these very same covert means. ad nihilism.
16 -> ig-noble

@_date: 2013-10-05 23:26:52
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [14] random non-random 
my snark regarding algorithms was misplaced and also wrongly conveyed, due
to both ignorance and error, if not trying to even-out the ability of some
to be able to mediate issues in this technically computable approach while
others are stuck inside equations that do not work for their basic reality,
and then operating within said limits that can align with the ideology of
quantification. in some sense, having more defining power than language
alone, because of its connection to number and to other connected programs
and models and frameworks that are operational, within the shared concepts.
and that the gap between these and the world can be immense, yet likewise
unaccounted for- and thus being able to place ideas into algorithms, inside
of scientific and technological and cultural systems, has within it, this
motivational aspect that correlates with power, and in that, determinism,
that being able to interact in this realm is closer to the reality, versus
to creating the substitute reality of the model. and in this, a coldness or
hardness in thinking that may presume existence on these terms, for self or
others, when it is not actually this simple or easy to obtain- accurately,
yet being able to believe it is so, when reduced into a private viewpoint,
especially when shared and protected within a technocratic environment.
also wrong, speaking of algorithms without differentiating between those
that exist inside computers and electronic circuits of machinery, and the
rules and routines outside of this context, in the human step-by-step
processing of awareness and interactions. in that they are inherent as an
approach, involving first questions and trial and error and building up of
empirical heuristic responses, strategies. (perhaps Marvin Minsky here).
in this way, the zeitgeist of algos (~pain) could split between thinking
and reasoning of humans, and that of machinery, and perhaps of a natural
algorithmic computation that occurs within life, as different from that
which needs to be programmed to 'think' - and then questioning the rules
for approaching this, especially in a relativistic mindset that never can
escape from pseudo-truth while also not acknowledging its existence due to
the 'impossibility' of absolute truth, which instead replaces it as belief.
in that, a truistic substitution occurs in 'knowing' truth cannot be known,
which instead becomes this unknowable truth. in the same way 'you cannot
prove something true, you can only falsify' is self-contradictory, as it
relies on this unprovable truth to validate falsification as this truth. a
limit to allowable perception and understanding then frames thinking, etc.
(so, this to acknowledge i have the jerk gene, yet overall it hopefully
balances out with the benny hill gene also present in better moments.)
i think there are assumptions that have been made prematurely about the
nature of language, also in terms of its linguistics, and also mathematics
that has established a too small boundary around consideration of these
situations that then become the realm of code, programs, and computers. and
it is connected to the way people think, before the machines are developed,
that can also involve errors and bugs in consciousness, reasoning, thinking
and relations that formats the technical approach in a given worldview.
i do not believe there is an accurate "model" of code (language/mathematic)
to develop from within. i believe there is a tremendous gap in approach
that is based on flawed and unchecked ideological assumptions about how
people actually think, know, and believe that is not accurately translated
into technical systems of computation and that the ambiguities these allow
and introduce and sustain are today the realm of exploits against humans.
this is to propose that both language and mathematics are ungrounded by
default of their not being removed of falsity or error in their modeling,
and that this relates to normalization of linear sign and symbol systems
that can be recombined endlessly yet not error corrected in any instance
regarding actual grounded truth from all perspectives, (even scientific
data when limits are placed on its evaluation, and thusly made political).
it is proposed that this involves the issue of space-time and movement
within it, as language goes from point X to point Y and that in this,
somehow time makes evaluation of its content a temporary evaluation that is
lost to an endless repetition and recreation of observation and perspective
such that 'truth' is repeatedly being recreated over and over again, and
being copied again and again, copies of copies, without regard to what is
the original situation referenced, which has become detached from this and
replaced by this very signage. and thus the signs become the false reality
and processing can be removed of its earthly connection, disembodied, and
made into a pure abstraction, where the binary 'sense' is freed of limits
that tie it to shared perception of truth, yet it represents this as the
ideal. and the partially shared view becomes warped, onesided, and does not
accurately connect to the world, and instead replaces it and enforces this
view as a situation of power that can determine what is true, real, 'good'.
and there are people programming this, writing code for it, online and off,
including in their brains and beliefs that totally rely on this framework
to evaluate their self and others, though in an ungrounded condition that
must limit the proof and make it unfalsifiable, themselves god, infallible.
and thus some people should have no healthcare, no food, the system itself
is perfect and there are only immoral people who should suffer for failing
in these terms to sustain themselves against natural instinct and basic
thinking skills, and instead conform and comply as if animals, else be
trained or used as natural resources as part of a slave-based ecosystem.
inaccurate modeling of truth in language, to the depth of linguistics, and
mathematics allows this condition to be normalized and made real within the
'empire of signs' that have become operational in this way. it is as if to
presuppose the SIGN was the first truth, versus what it is referencing and
in this gap the distortions and false views take hold of consciousness, as
'nothingness' becomes the cosmic centre of existence, and not shared being.
the earthly meridians then are aligned with structures of falsity, and as
with institutions and individuals so connected, correspond to its movement
and orientations as part of the motor, the mechanism of civilization as a
machine, as peoples work together combines into a larger series of forces
and it is this momentum captured and extrapolated and extended into the
automated machinery working against populations likewise. at its core, once
partial truth that has become detached from its external accounting and is
essentially a protected realm of lies at the core of false civilization.
so there are Supermen at the helm of this global ship of fools who truly
believe in an egotistical way, the mandate of such a corrupt enterprise as
if born of natural moral virtue and their superior station over others, at
the cost of humanity, life, nature, principled development. and that is
where the critique arrives from, the illusion of this condition in its
higher moral plane versus of a lower, debased existence which is ignored
because it is not accounted for, and even more- it is relied upon to keep
the system functioning in these, again, protected parameters. as a boundary
 and limit to manage and maintain-- of *territory* aligned with ideology.
and how this relates to maps and mapping, what can be allowed to exist and
what cannot, so as to retain control over the illusion and its 'processing'
in the given terms, else, gears move slightly out of alignment and noises
appear and soon enough, pressures build and the mechanism begins to break
apart, and the more this loss of alignment occurs, the less the larger
mechanism can function in its totality, gears even working against one
another or grinding into the shared structure needed for their support. in
this way, the threshold condition and the risk of not being able to contain
truth within the designed and relied upon parameters. margins of error in a
context where errors are structuralized- thus, margins of truth, narrowed
and needed to be limited to allow the false construct is operability and
governance. the role of the censor or directive signaling in this regard.
and this is sustained by sign-based communications in time, it is proposed
and that the space it establishes is a vacuum environment that fills in
with this dynamic, due to a natural ungroundedness of observation within
these parameters. what if- in contrast- the SIGNs were only best used for
twitter-like short statements and not vastly long accounts, if only due to
the impossibility of sustaining accurate truth from a single perspective of
all that arose before or must be recreated from that view, as 'new code'?
what if the very issue is not attaining panoptic accountability of POVs in
serial, linear language, and thus there is no error-correction via shared
empirical evaluation of all aspects of a situation from N-observers, past,
present, and future, to correct the modeling.
what if the very conception of this situation of reality is trapped within
a false concept of language from the start, and self-limiting observation
that seek to determine what can be true given its usefulness in the present
and yet over time this has led to a false view evermore far from the truth.
what if 'code' and 'programming' are not inherently nor need be linear or
serial, in terms of computation and reasoning and instead could be parallel
as models of circuitry, where signs are a subsystem of concepts and a way
of referencing categories, such as metadata yet could autoconfigure into a
map or pathway to convey meaning. thus to tell a story with detail XYZ,
instead of needing to recreate the context for this, the detail instead can
be situated within the relevant model in the dimensions it exists and thus
evaluated that way without recreating the data, and it could be viewed to
whatever degree of fidelity with truth as an observer is capable of. a
child may observe to a limited level, while a historian or anthropologist
or psychologist another. why must the world and its truth be recreated in
every instance of communication to say something 'minor' that is embedded
within the shared framework, when this very framework is not yet secured?
and in this way, from the 1 and 0 of [truth], into [logic], then [concepts]
and [patterns] that are then grounded in this sequence, that build up and
out from this stable foundation based on N-observers and *hypotheses* that
can be viewed from every angle and tested against reality and refined, as
part of a shared process of awareness and learning and transferring insight
instead of seeking to cordon it off, privatize and limit it, including all
human knowledge, making it dependent on money and shared sets (class) in
order to allow it to exist, and by default this whole viewpoint cannot be
allowed to exist by fiat of dogma, because it would break the ideology that
such truth is even possible-- because it is *truly believed* not to exist!
in this way, instead of the sign, the circuit.
the circuit is what connects the sign to its accounting in truth, via
logic. it maps from a realm of communication back to what is referred to,
which can be a [model] that is a conceptualization of an idea, including in
its weighted probability given all various dimensional factors, and these
in a timeless static mode unless put into motion. thus a common referent
that sinks from information back to originating truth and its accounting
and this for each and every single viewpoint as it relates to reality in
all that is known, considered, and unknowable. that would indicate the
actual limits and boundaries of perception as combined, especially if AI
computers were of this same approach, complementing and working-with and
for human awareness, versus against in a onesided gameover scenario today.
code itself, in this modular construct, could involve patterns and how they
are established, yet inherently the variables would ground towards the most
accurate understanding of truth given the combined human awareness, as with
adjunct computational resources to sustain and extend this further via its
processing and reasoning and insight. the concepts of code and programs
then would inherently require grounding for their operation and this as it
relates to security - securing of truth, though in a contingent realm of
paradox where minor truth may exist in a larger falsity and thus also must
be accounted for as truth, recovered. the process this involves in terms of
thresholds for data or observations, underlying methodology and barriers to
exploiting this system via lesser truth or lies. in this sense a protected
domain could exist at a certain level or as a subsystem that would allow
only certain access to sensitive data, based on limited access, which is
another realm that future crypto could apply, in addition to those who are
outside this model or stand against humanity, in terms of their agenda. a
liar or mimic would get nowhere. childlike awareness the first defense, in
that disregarding truth would no longer be a viable tactic for deceivers.
in this way, point line plane and constellations and circuitry, prior to
the naming of the concepts as SIGNs, and then the combination or sequence
of signs to occur in a pure realm, where a small assortment together in
their absolute purity could replace volumes of books in perspective, in
that the viewpoint could be explored as an open perspective from any angle
to the connected data, moved through and around, questioned and tested,
with a fractal read/write capacity inherent in this approach. to escape the
page and enter the dimensional screen in depth, endless, as the model may
link to others in a larger context, and that this is room needed to begin
to explore ideas, not single letters formed into words that each follow
another to try to say something that remains beyond the truth it references
and relies upon yet cannot call upon or stop this movement to process (T).
in this way, 'logical reasoning' stops the sentence and word and requires
computation outside this framework, to break back words into concepts and
beliefs and map these back into models of truth, and test them against the
observational data, and judge their merit, as they tend towards greater
truth or rely upon great falsity as perspectives. and that the truth is
what must be the guide and compass, and this falsity not allowed nor given
the same weight or capacity as a choice that allows desired movements and
the moral treason of this, especially as normalized, made routine, etc.
for instance, consider [drugs] in the non-pharmaceutical context that can
range from positive to very negative effects, as this could be mediated as
a shared situation and perhaps involve a ritualistic, responsible access
that could be part of cultural learning and connected to self development
while removed of exploitation or human suffering and violence brought about
by these same dynamics in the existing system. within given parameters it
would be possible to take what is true about them and deal with it, and to
allow access to this truth while not denying other truth, and if that were
possible and could be resolved, could exist in balance for humans so that
it could be managed in a healthy and responsible way. again, as ritual or
some cultural structure that could allow exploration mind-altering drugs as
  a particular aspect of development, for some people, if viable for them
while for others they may not want it yet would not be negatively effected
if it were balanced, respectful, and within certain limits or parameters.
say a highly conceptual person who wants to further explore their mind and
is guided on this path via established structures, and supported in this,
yet also connected to the ground and a world of others, as this may then
lead to new insights or discoveries or understanding or awareness, yet in a
context that also involves addition, danger, mental health, issues such as
abuse that may fracture the psyche of a fragile person, etc. so to account
for all these dimensions in an individual circuit and evaluate and in such
a way, over repeated instances of this throughout society perhaps it can be
an optional path for some and yet not others, yet retain overall cohesion
versus setting society to function against itself, and losing the greater
purpose and forgetting the obligation involved in shared earthly existence.
thus if there were [models] of situations, whatever they may be, over time
and repeated iterations, these models would be refined and tested against
and made increasingly accurate and grounded in truth, removed of error. and
thus differing perspectives could be evaluated in terms of this modeling
and 'truth' referenced with regard to all facts and 'theories' (hypotheses)
such that what is true in each view is validated in its truth, as part of
this process, versus discarded by a winning perspective, as it is today.
and thus everything that is true, in its truth, maps back to 1, and all
that is false, in its falsity, maps back to 0. though this is contingent
and all that is hypothetical or theoretical could also be maintained and
accessed again should its previous interpretation have been limited, thus
scaffolding of unsupported views could emerge out of a realm of unknowns or
the falsified from a given perspective, yet in being reframed or having new
evidence, could challenge the existing models once again, perhaps to change
or reconfigure or partially dismantle them in whatever inaccuracy exists.
in this way, the use of SIGNs to communicate one SIGN after ANOTHER, and
needing to rationalize these as a perspective in a long-running framework
that is like a unique number sequence or super-long prime number, instead:
     [concept] [concept] [concept] [concept]
as these may be nested or connected together in various _non-linear and-or
parallel bit set configurations. the above sequence in its 'content' could
hold the information of an entire book, for instance.
     [internet] [cyberspace] [infrastructure]
and these concepts could go back to the quasi-algorithms that model them as
ideas, their conceptualization in depth and breadth- as molecules, yet also
with nested sets of shared structures and scaffolding...
     [electromagnetism] [processing] [data]
and thus different frameworks could develop or be referenced in a context
and perspective could move into and out of these frameworks as structural
description where the /concept/ itself is modeled in its truth, there is no
warping or distortion or error-involved in its mapping or accounting and if
there is it can be observed and error-corrected via debate and panoptic
review that defers to truth, firstly.
     [code] [programming] [crypto]
and thus you could go further into a given context or start in one context
and move into another, or someone could evaluation particular dimensions of
an event or idea, thus inspect and analyze various facets of the whole from
any angle, including establishing new perspectives if valid, thus the issue
of boundaries or limits or thresholds of ideas, and the conceptualization
and conveyance of ideas could remain open to interpretation, given facts
and reasoning for a viewpoint. and this would be a right and an obligation.
and thus if someone says there is no inherent limit on considering crypto
only in a machine context, say involving human perception and relations and
communication in an ordinary day-to-day context, this could be referenced
in the shared model and allowed to exist as a hypothesis, a potential in
whatever truth it may exist, and could be explored versus censored as an
idea within an educational context that involves these aspects, versus to
fit the exploration only into a finite, limited approach, sans people in
their inherent crypto-capacity. in other words, if a person has code and
programs (algos) as part of their daily existence, perhaps some of that
also involves a cryptographic aspect as it may relate to anthropological
and sociological or other issues such as heritage or demographics, that has
value in this same context and could and should be explored in its truth.
yet in universities today it would likely be disembodied and held outside
'computer science' cryptography when that domain could likely benefit most
from challenging ideological conceptions of what crypto is, how it readily
functions in the day to day, and what is possible, given shared awareness.
and thus the requirement of accountable empirical truth to enable this
interdisciplinary transfer and support of knowledge across 'boundaries'.
it likely cannot exist as an approach until truth is actually secured and a
new approach to language (and mathematics) developed as circuitry, without
falling to the weaknesses of existing language to overpower involved truth.
--- random re/writes ---
i missed it, should have written about stitches and code yet did not enter
into sewing itself yet hand sewing seems most closely connected to coding
or at least in some aspects. someone did the detail work at some point that
may or may not be autogenerated into other patterning, via computation or
algorithms, yet like patchwork quilts, taking sections of patterns and
placing them and stitching them together in a larger whole, that could in
some sense correlate with a program or development approach. programmatic
patchwork or quilting of data. there is potentially much more to this yet
my limited knowledge prevents exploration. "stitches in time" as code may
go through routines or be processed, programs nesting various data modeling
and how it is woven together or involves many broken stitches as processed
and likewise its relation to the network or webwork in terms of weaving,
and then of spiderwoman and such symbolism, or the three sisters.
so too, the idea of a discontinuous cipher that is pieced together like a
quilt. also, the conceptual aspect of QR-code, perhaps datagram-like
characteristic, embedded in its aesthetic, as this could relate to abstract
if not asymmetrical quilts that can highly advanced aesthetics likewise, as
futuristic as technology and potentially in a realm of electronic fabrics
could carry diagnostic or data functions as platform and infrastructure. so
again a question of boundaries for interpretation of where ideas function
and their potential migration across boundaries or within territories.
zero-knowledge crypto in terms of proof and puzzle pieces; may it involve
in some sense having a puzzle minus one missing matching piece, or else a
single puzzle piece minus the puzzle. (puzzle minus single piece; single
piece - puzzle)
then, also another tangent though of 'binary truth' that is only partial,
perhaps minor, that when its larger condition is falsified, could undergo
the equivalent of magnetic reversal (of earth magnetic poles directions)
such that the context for observation flips to the view opposite those who
are onesided and warped in their observations and self-serving belief- if
corollary, then the very foundation of their entirety of observation would
vanish, and the truth they are left with would rely upon a structure they
have opposed, in a worldview they cannot 'reasonably' function within. in
this way, as with technology where a pole reversal could change compass
directions overnight and confuse and disorient wildlife, so too binarists
.T/ ..4\ =q.. ||9:
--- ungrounded numbers ---
...more on the issue of quantification and SIGNs as variables. what seems
to be involved is the unaddressed issue of /superposition/ that influences
how an observation is grounded or ungrounded, given its interpretation and
accounting or lack thereof. and thus, suddenly equating [sign] = 40,020 is
also a question of its variability as a sign, its accuracy, for if it has
multiple interpretations, this numbering also is fuzzy or ambiguous while
presupposedly defined and concrete as a number, as if the calculation or
the number is mapped to a solid error-checked reality, when instead the
number itself could *symbolize* or emblemize this, yet only as a mirage or
belief and not as an actual grounded condition - thus it could be virtual
or a false perspective, that the sign of the number then represents.
in other words mathematics as it involves number can also be ungrounded and
involve error-reliant calculations where assumptions as to shared view or
referencing shared facts or conditions may be reliant on limits or partial
truth that does not account for other aspect beyond or within a boundary,
yet seeks to and defines a territory by this "objective" numbering that
actually may exist in subjective and ungrounded terms (A=B) by default,
whereby the language of mathematics is itself not empirically situated else
could function in some ways as literature, perhaps as ~theorized physics.
writing code and programs in terms of number does not make them inherently
"objective" (A=A) or more accurate in terms of accounting for reality, yet
it may involve inherent rationalization and reductionism and deterministic
frameworks that could naively assume so, or involve ideological conceit
that equates this with a condition of actively mediating grounded truth.
the difference is that this is sign-based interaction, at the level of and
within the context of signage and its calculations that have become and are
removed from a larger accounting for truth, which is outside its boundary
and territory- sort of like a Java sandox situation that replaces the world
with a representational version that no longer references truth beyond its
borders and thus becomes this truth itself, albeit ungrounded, in error.
all language is proposed to share in this conundrum of its serialization an
linearization, everything moving in a direction yet never converging into a
single central point, every observation moves away from every other even
when referencing another, it is bounded within particular and unique
frameworks that recreate the world again and again and again, yet adding
errors and relying upon distortions and lesser and lesser views to maintain
given beliefs, against the surrounding evidence, and thus the primacy of
uncritical belief and the utility of mind- and brain-washing and pills and
drugs for making populations compliant, malleable to the false-viewpoints.
here is the issue with coding and programing and mathematics, numbers, in
that the limit or boundary of consideration can add up differently yet this
 may also be hidden from the computation at another level of processing...
     5 + 2 = 7
consider the above calculation of two numbers that equal a third. each as a
number could be considered 'finite' and unambiguous as a number, 5=5 &c.
no here is where it gets weird, strange. consider that each number could be
evaluated as a [sign] that is exists as a variable in an equation...
     [x] + [y] = [z]
for mathematics to be subjective, there needs to be a difference between
this sign as it is believed to exist and as it actually exists. and thus a
inherent ambiguity involved and involve estimation and approximately by
default of its superposition of meaning, the potential paths of grounding
now imagine that /number/ also could have ambiguity, where A=A could move
towards A=B even though the SIGN could appear the same, within a certain
context or limits or parameters or a boundary or threshold condition...
     [5] + [2] = [7]
what is trying to be established is that each [variable] has a potential
for ~fuzziness, in terms of calculation or processing, depending on rules
for how it is evaluated. that is, a de facto limit or boundary or parameter
that may be assumed to exist may be a faulty assumption that is in error,
and that the resulting computation that occurs be ~variable...
     [5.1] + [2.8] = [7.9]
if the above parameters were operational yet hidden, the [variables] could
all appear the same (5 + 2 = 7) when removing the decimal placeholder and
extra numerical detail, and thus the computation could equate with the
initial example even though having this extra data that is invisible or
left unconsidered in a given model- due to limits or boundaries and the
ability of an observer to account for that level of detail.
in this way, if the resulting calculation is concurrently rounded-off in
parallel, the same calculation would be as follows:
     [5.1] + [2.8] = [8]
further, if the initial variables were slightly different still, yet
another result could occur in this seemingly contained ~"objective"
     [5.7] + [2.9] = [8.6]
     [5.7] + [2.9] = [9]
what this seeks to convey is that if a boundary were to exist within the
structural analysis of the code that allowed a floating decimal yet this
was hidden, that extra data could be carried in parallel with an equation
that could be calculated across a range of outputs due to its variability
as evaluated, via limits or boundaries or threshold conditions. not only as
a calculation of number, though, as a likely basis for security exploits in
that this is how estimation and approximation of variables in pseudo-truth
inherently function, that extra-missing part is never accounting for, and
it can be the majority of a viewpoint when dealing with words themselves.
in this way, the output could vary, given boundaries:
     [5] + [2] = [7|8|9]
that is, if there is some approximation going on, that could be hidden or
unaccounted for in each [variable] that is still used for computation or
hidden analysis. such that only 5 is accounted for (not 5.2), due to a
limit or ambiguous framework, yet could enable other computations to occur.
in this way:  [~x] + [~y] = [~z]
insofar as boundaries may be exploited, in terms of number, which can thus
transform the assumption of A=A mathematics into A=B mathematics by default
of this missing detail or its shifting, especially if due to confusion or
the incapacity to account for what is occurring (perhaps chaos, even, if
designed this way). thus ~complexity, paradox, ambiguity as these relate to
and potentially exploit conditions of partial truth.
this and, in all ways, the use of named variables as SIGNs to denote or
connect these to numeral values, as if grounded by default. yet it is not
simply to start with A=A correspondence yet is ideologically believed to.
instead it is fallacy yet used to govern the world via false perspective
--- other ---
regarding the HIOX signaling display for bit sets, it would be possible to
also connect such display signage with a sensor that could effect and-or
influence the sign, updating it via a stream of variability, perhaps much
like airport or train station or stock market signage that tallies data
anew, or towards a weather station diagnostic recording various parameters
though it could be abstracted, and thus sensor data could push through the
data matrices and potentially influence or function as an random number
generator or, if signs are somehow linked together, a random even generator
that could have implicit nervous system connections between chaotic data
structures in remote locations, as if entangled, changing, shifting, yet in
some dynamics or dimensions stable or able to queue in and out of this
state so that the signage itself could remain [variable] as a meta bit set
and thus perhaps like rolling code or some waterfall, going through this
into another hidden realm, thus needing to get past it to gain access, or
that it such randomness or variability functions as a boundary or refresh
state that can recombine or alter its structure given input or keys, etc.
in this way, tallying chaos. providing context for other crypto structure.
--- note on list culture ---
(who knew cypherpunks was an underground comedy venue...)
Häxan, The Seventh Seal, Mars

@_date: 2013-10-07 01:22:47
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [21] crypto and surveillance 
a few ideas related to the context for crypto today.
there is certain irony in crypto that can be subverted and used to attack
or surveil via stealth. reminds of the basic situation with most home
electronics, blackboxed. such as IPcams that remain on 24/7/365 and have
microphones accessible over the network, compromises built-in. thus to seek
security is to extend the hidden security state and its illegal home
invasion. solution: five dollar on/off switch, activate security device
only when away, and upon return turn it off again, limiting the designed
for boundlessness of political technology.
2-Port RJ45 Manual Network Switch
the diagrams here reference the following NSA document...
The Borders of Cryptology - NSA & Electronic Warfare*
diagrams created with the excellent software tool yEd...
yEd - Graph Editor - yWorks  (freeware)
the question of crypto in a complex environment where it has both offensive
and defensive functioning, relating to weak and strong crypto and security
crypto   (protection & exploitation)
the paradoxical utility and purpose of compromised crypto that has both
strong and weak, secure and insecure characteristics in a complex
dual-use multilevel crypto
the role of installation and usage errors as related to security and
exploits, inherent in complicated or high-literacy approaches
crypto implementation flaw
this is the direct reference and extension of the NSA diagram above.
cryptanalysis was included, Technical Surveillance Countermeasures (TSCM),
though likely other domains are missing or perhaps in relational error.
 improvements or corrections appreciated...
Electromagnetic Borders of Cryptology
this is my estimation of the situation today, based on the above
technosocial structure. it does not include many aspects and is limited by
my lack of awareness and understanding, though makes an attempt at an
integrated view of the larger dynamics involved...
Context for computer Crypto today
additional diagrams will follow, surveying aspects of this same territory...
Grant Hart - You're the Reflection of the Moon On the Water

@_date: 2013-10-08 07:01:43
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: NSA UTAH data center 
Power surges 'cripple NSA data centre'
     "It said civil contractors were confident the problem had been
solved but a special US Army engineer investigation team had said the
cause was "not yet sufficiently understood" to be sure that it would
not happen again."

@_date: 2013-10-09 21:11:57
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: NSA data centre power surges & unknowns... 
these comments has me contemplating what a large-scale networked quantum
computer installation would involve.. and to what extent the image of racks
of servers may note correlate with the computing technology inside the
boxes, or in some percentage of the data centre.
in other words- how would a quantum installation differ from the classical
computer systems of the last many decades- would they be of yet another
smaller scale or would an installation inherently be enormous. what if the
data centre was all quantum computing in terms of the data throughput - do
these numbers correlate or are different approaches to security
calculations required
is it possible that a 'computer within a computer' could exist, such that a
quantum chip could be embedded and use a classical electronic based system,
that is, some form of stealth or hidden computing that occurs in a parallel
hidden framework, including for networking data. could ethernet or fibre
channel be used or would it need to be different, say tuned resonant
circuits computing in other dimensionality.
would such an installation be possible and be manageable via secondary,
zoned interface, and not noticeable, especially if sealed into processors
or chips and thus tamper- and inspection-proof.  to what extent may the
data centre be a Spruce Goose or Glomar Explorer, providing conventional
'economies-of-scale' development for computing that is beyond this
present-day technological situation.
the idea that the NSA would field an early quantum computer in such a
situation seems unlikely. especially if considering the scale issue whereby
early computing starts large and shrinks down, thus ENIAC or other room or
warehouse sized earlier computer installations of newly developing
technology eventually moving into transistor and integrated circuit (IC)
fabrications, personal computing, server boxes instead of tape-storage
mainframes, and now cellphones compared to peak computing power thirty or
more years earlier.
would quantum computers require different storage technology, for instance,
or could they rely on today's storage- or would it need to be formatted
differently. and given massive parallelism and the nature of supercomputers
to be custom programmed and time-shared by various projects, could such a
quantum device exist nested in another system yet be linked in parallel to
make a massive installation, and then be called upon for particular vexing
tasks versus number crunching or data processing that can effectively be
managed via existing tech, such as voice recognition or text analysis in
particular modeling approaches.
i wonder if - and perhaps it is entirely wrong-minded - in some way --
besides the issue of batteries as a limit upon scale and usability of
computing resources, that if the electron itself is a false-limit and there
could be smaller particle flows harnessed via destabilizing the natural
equilibrium and thus the imbalance forces movement of charge at a smaller
scale or within a different kind of circuitry that could be nested inside a
larger electronic installation. what if a quantum computer would be
equivalent to a tiny unmarked IC on a circuitboard and yet would it require
access to the same components of existing computer architectures today or
could it operate beyond or outside this, say as a connectable linked
quantum processor networked into parallelism, for calculations alone.
would a quantum computer installation be humongous or could a sufficiently
developed (say, over the last 50 years) quantum computer be the size of a
PC today yet wield teraflop or beyond capacity. what would be a telltale
sign of such computing. could it involve strange or aberrant electronic or
electrical interference or events, is it possible that the flow of
electrons may interfere with such computation or that such a computer may
need to be isolated else it could force strange current backwards, beyond
diode barricades even, given weirdness of the physics. would the power draw
be the same or more or less. would existing parallel software approaches
even be viable within such a context or is it reliant upon assumptions that
no longer apply if one or more foundations of existing computer
architectures are changed or made unnecessary. is a quantum computer only
quantum in some senses, such as processing, and this stops at I/O or other
supposed 'motherboard' interactions, or would the entire circuit be
changed. could there be hybrids where both co-exist, or like questioned, if
one computing system could be embedded within another, via protected
boundary?  (this is already assumed for tech today, though seemingly in the
same realm of technology in the mundane sense, like masquerade processing
or other mystery functionality)
the assumption i think is most likely if such a scenario existed would be
that any such quantum technology would be highly advanced from the
rudimentary first stages it exists today in the commercial realm, and would
be possible to deploy and crack crypto en masse and that there is not
symmetry between AES256 and this giant installation- built just for that-
and instead whatever capacity were to exist it would be so far beyond the
requirements of existing crypto as to provide decades of headroom for more
data crunching atop what exists to be parsed and analyzed, catalogued, and
stored in terms of record keeping. that it would involve 'big picture' data
modeling of the state itself in its many and various dimensions as they are
correlated- or perhaps that is only the domain of the underground data
centres, who knows.
in other words: can the assumption be made that the image of rows upon rows
of computing servers equal 'traditional computing power' or might they
function as the signage for conventional technology when stealth computing
infrastructure could be within the mystery boxes networked and sparking. is
it conventional for such feedback upon large scale installations or could
such aberrations or anomalies indicate other possibilities, as commented.
is there some truth to the irreverence, in that would anyone in the public
know or be able to know, or even in government or private service - unless
vetted and kept out of the mainstream, and its venue of conventional
technological development.
could quantum computing exist over the existing internet and be
unrecognized or would it require its own parallel infrastructure. would the
equivalent of a non-stealth advanced quantum computer installation be at
the same scale or, if unhidden, potentially much smaller, else indicate
anything if the existing installation was entirely or a large percentage of
quantum computers. what would it mean for crypto, for instance. would
emissions or anything else provide indication of quantum versus traditional
computing architectures, via escaped signature forms of data structuring
tuned into remotely. what would it mean, otherwise.
(i put these things here at the bottom to make space for the post, there is
no extra line break at the end, so the list footer often crunches the last
line of text. even if fixed/added i may include an ASCII character anyway,
for issues of symbolism as it relates to code and processing)

@_date: 2013-10-12 00:02:42
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: NSA data centre power surges & unknowns... 
thanks to everyone for sharing their views regarding my forward-leaning
speculation about the NSA facility...
two additional observations:
1) if the NSA Utah data centre is not involved in quantum computing in any
way, as per the larger society and its synchronization with existing tools
and technologies manufactured and standardized likewise in the mainstream-
it is curious to what extent non-quantum computing technologies could
potentially exist in such a scenario, yet remain secret and off-limits.
this is to consider the basic technology research and scientific advances
that are oftentimes in the news on physics sites, such that university or
corporate RD&D labs have achieved a latest milestone, and that a given
improvement may make it to market in the next 10-20 years, and then from
this frontier of development, a gap with the present in what appears to be
an 80s computing paradigm largely seemingly unchanged, perhaps mostly in
terms of the OS itself and how data is managed on these electronic filing
cabinet devices that collectively become the worldwide junk drawer (aka
Internet and WWW), the epitome of "bureaucracy" as networked furniture.
for instance, what if the facade of a computing server has hidden or
advanced technology within it, in such an installation, that may change the
equations for how data is being processed. 'spintronics' is one such area,
various approaches to memory are others, that could potentially have larger
combined effects if built-out at scale, perhaps the equations would differ
or the methodology or techniques employed to discern and sift thru data.
and thus, it is still wondered if in the gap between where research is and
is essentially "bounded" both within a secret government context and also
outside of a public, commercial mainstream domain, what may actually be
going on in the inner workings as it relates to what is going on within the
surveillance society itself and its capacity to process vast amounts of
data that seemingly would require more 'organizational capacity' than just
brute force computing alone-- meaning: the capacity to compute "unknowns"
in a running, looping equation... which to me appears to be what serial
processors are not good at, and instead seemingly must arrive at an answer;
and even parallelism within serial processing (non-quantum), from my truly
naive and completely limited understanding and perhaps errored viewpoint,
would only best be served by quantum nonlinear or multilinear processing
across vast amounts of data sets that may not have known correlations to
start and instead to build these up and test against models. can equations
or algorithms do what the hardware cannot do, in its logic-based biased
processing via digitalism, or might other transistors and other ways of
balancing these computations more towards weighted analog looping means
exist by which to 'naturally approach' this situation, from big picture to
local instances, versus localized modeling outward, via rationalization.
that is, in conceptual terms, what if the likelihood that coherence could
be decided upon or determined by a software framework alone, versus having
additional capacity both in advanced hardware components, to both assist
and allow for such nonlinear massively dynamic (ecological) capacity for
global computation across all interconnected sets-- perhaps such data sets
could even would shrink the example of weather modeling for supercomputing
to a minor issue by comparison, given a potentially wider range of knowns
that are relationally unknown in their effects, given empirical evaluation,
and the massive floating unknown that may never be computed for beyond a
vague nebulous threat-condition, some threshold that suddenly grounds in
the modeling and triggers alerts or forecasts based on statistics as this
relates to recorded data, live surveillance, the entirety of this, in situ.
i think what would be impossible about a traditional computing paradigm for
this situation would be the incapacity of 'knowing' what to model given the
vast amounts of data and their instability in terms of limits to what can
be known and understood, versus what is probabilistic and reevaluated again
and again and again, and perhaps tens of thousands of such equations that
may exist in various computations, and then the 'meta-algorithm' that may
govern over this situation-- is it a man's judgement for how this data is
interpreted and thus the situation is managed as if an office computer that
is queried- or may 'computational reasoning' exist in the form of AI that
is running models, both theories and competing hypotheses - in parallel -
and that these are built of past events and future statistical graphs, and
potentially reveal *constellations* or patterns that begin to match what
was a previous condition or sequence, and thus the computer is determining
the direction of what is tapped based on its inferences and its deductive
and inductive, ~intuitive reasoning.
now, i totally believe it is technologically possible to do this-- just not
with today's limited equipment and software paradigm-- not a chance. it is
too heavily biased in both processing and computer architecture to allow
for open-ended questioning. everything must be rationalized in advance, it
is the way the logic-gates work on the PNP and NPN transistors. there is no
'unknown' state within the circuitry, and whatever may be achieved via
software would be unnatural to the hardware and bounded in its capacity and
functioning against the direction of current, as if an aberration. or thus
is the foolish explanation i conjure from the abstract. that it is going
against the grain of electrical current, essentially.
it is like telling someone who is entirely vested in a binary mindset to
consider a paradoxical situation, and how for its resolution it must be
bounded within that worldview and made to fit within its sampling (1/0)
else the model or worldview fails. the paradox would need to fit within the
bit and not exist beyond or outside it else it would not exist or be real.
so how can an entire paradoxical situation that is actively parsed exist in
a running model of 'rationalization' in terms of computation, if the charge
itself is biased to an on/off state for any given consideration when the
majority likely remain gray-area computations and empirically unknown,
except within a sliding scale analog-like weighting that shifts modeling.
perhaps parallel software could "model" this, yet how effectively if such
data can only be run one-way and must be restarted and recalculated versus
allowing the data to live in ambiguity and continuously compute itself, in
a realm that is too highly constrained by binary modeling, determined by
it, and thus would bound any such computation to only what the technology
allows in its bias, and thus limits how much can be questioned, asked, and
allowed to be unknown, ambiguous, and computed this way.
is it not possible that stuxnet-like influences could exist if making a
continuous brute-force calculation upon a massively changing real-time
model that it could essentially burn-out the serial processes linked in
parallel via networking, such that they would be performing at peak rates
and potentially overheat or have a limit to what kinds of data could be
processed and in what fidelity-- and could such fidelity with the world of
real-time surveillance and state threat modeling exist in its vastness and
nth-degree unknowns and run that within the parameters of petaflops and not
consider all the other issues that may limit such computations, such as how
the processing itself disallows certain considerations that appear solved
or actively processed -somehow- and to me that explanation is that there is
a highly advanced system that is naturally capable, not by brute-force or
by chess-computer linear one-point perspective, and instead by utilizing
knowledge of nature and how quantum mechanics relates directly with paradox
and in this context- it is probable a quantum computer could only do this
level of computation that is integrative and a basis for threat analysis,
albeit perhaps guided by a too-simple binary interface or outlook or way of
managing a situation due to lack of previous experience for guidance.
that is: it is likely impossible that existing technology could carry the
computational and data load in terms of its organization and coherence as a
computing model of N-dimensions or interrelated degrees. it likely does
not  involve a simple script or algorithm that rationalizes the entirety of
what is going on, and instead it likely would emerge as a pattern from
within the churning cauldron of data, well beyond meta-data, only an
ingredient amongst vast many others that span any relevant archivable
referenceable 'known' form that could establish a model, from any given
perspective. and thus be evaluated in terms of computer reasoning versus
human reasoning, and gauge insight upon what correlations may be beyond the
human limit of considering as shared sets, versus what such computing power
could compare and consider (and thus, perhaps the AI develops its own
algorithms and has its own working hypotheses- yet this would inherent
require grounding with the hardware, that allows this and does not involve
translating or other lossy middle-management or mediation that skews or
warps or limits the running iterative computation or nonlinear
computational analysis).
so while a step can be taken back from the assumption of a fielded quantum
computer in a seemingly mundane gargantuan data centre/warehouse, what is
occurring within the existing surveillance regime does not realistically
appear to be grounded in such a facility, either. it does not add up, the
capacity of storing records versus making judgments based on such data, yet
not only that data, everything that is known and modeled in terms of the
issues and the society and economic, social, political dimensions, locally
and globally, as it fits into a whole model and local instances- where
might that computation occur and it is my view that it is impossible for
this to be occurring outside a quantum context, in terms of efficiency.
lacking this capacity would involve constantly fighting the equipment and
being limited in approaching 'questioning itself', though this is also the
majority situation. it is an entirely different approach than the internet
and desktop and workstations equipment of today. it is beyond the binary.
there is nothing to bet on it either. either the government has a viable
working model of the state in all of its dimensions or it does not have
this capacity. and there is every indication it does have this today and
yet meta-data is like a binary worldview of the existing situation, and too
limited to get at what boundaries are involved in terms of citizens and law
and representation and rules, including for those in government. if it does
involve a realm of meta-computing and yet computing is the limit to what
can be reasoned, then as with physics and metaphysics- it is in that gap
that the reality is lost and another world exists outside the other and
could even be beyond accountability as a result of plausible deniability.
it is implausible a non-quantum computer could be modeling state data in
its ubiquity in a running simulation given existing binary technology.
2)  Google and Nasa just announced a video of their quantum computer that
is actually an installation of a quantum processor whose 'number crunching'
will apparently help optimize algorithms for the Google Glass blink apps.
and a question encountered in this application of D-Wave quantum chip is
what to do with this technology- effectively a new kind of calculator it
seems, given the approach.
A first look inside Google's futuristic quantum lab // video
in other words, it is not a 'quantum computer' that is installed and thus
there are no other quantum-specific devices connected to it, such that it
seems the pins in the chip lead directly to software to run queries, and
this sustained within a sealed supercold environment, to allow it to occur.
so it is more like a micro-controller or integrated circuit than a
multi-use processor in the sense it is outside of a motherboard context or
larger connected circuitry, or so it appears by my naive account.
and so there is this disjunction between what data processing today must
be  capable of, in terms of processing, and then this 'first steps'
approach that is fielded in the commercial and scientific realm of Google
and NASA. like the computation of the 'state mind' and the situation in the
body of the state are mismatched and there is dissonance between what is
said and what is being done- which begs for mistrust if not fear, deity
state, etc.
so the question asked in the video is what can a quantum processor do. what
is it capable of. and i tend to imagine it is precisely this realm of the
paradoxical and the N-dimensional that begins in the gray-area with very
limited models and AI, and cosmic-soup-like, allows this data situation to
computationally bubble bubble while on the lookout for toil and trouble.
the random number generator (RNG) itself seems most closely aligned with
the paradigm of quantum mechanics - as a field of superposition and of
potentiality -- and this is where paradoxical unknowns would emerge from as
contingent patterns in terms of their grounded interconnectivity within the
ecologically and dynamically linked empirical models.
even more the case, or so it is proposed, are random event generators in
relation to spooky action at a distance. if these purposeful RNGs are
somehow linked and-or _grounded, as if quantum-tuned sensor-boxes even,
that extrasensory aspect of birds knowing navigation or animals knowing of
earthquakes via uncanny abilities could also exist naturally within the
computer hardware model at the physical level, if sensitive to various
indicators and 'aware' or capable of making-sense of the chaotic input.
humans on the internet who may gauge a larger situation via interactions
without this being voiced, is similar to a distributed sensor network in
its parallel computation, grounded locally, and its predictive capacity in
that something may not feel right or a particular momentum may be sensed
and thus serve as a meridian or guideline or boundary via lines of force
like intuitive calculation. so too, computer processing whereby the logic
is capable of assessing existing and potential N-dimensional connections
and boundaries and considering the dynamics involved, hunches, intuitions.
for instance, a software program could be written to look at bird call data
as it relates to air quality as this relates to news reports and events. if
you know what you are looking for, it could be rationalized-- find these
criteria and in matching those patterns x=y.
yet what if the computer was able to take any data, and consider any event
from a largely unbounded context, and thus it could begin to process the
migration of birds in realm time with pollution levels as it relates to,
say, periods of heavy traffic due to sporting events in a given sector. and
the algorithm would find such correlations, yet not stop at this, and keep
looking and evaluating. and perhaps there are 'infinitely more variables
than equations', and thus quadratic approaches are beyond the bounds of a
limited viewpoint or rationalization, where kind of perspective that seeks
to view a situation that is too small to accurately model it then becomes
the sign of the thing it seeks to understand, where the model replaces the
entity itself. (note: this as it relates to conservation issues, politics,
saving one species to jeopardize another; else, technology and wildlife and
ecosystems, wind turbines and bird and bat and eagle deaths, etc)
in a binary approach, the 'good enough' model allows the extraneous data to
be ignored or kept out of the analysis -- yet this does not work at scale,
because the bias and warping and skew and distortion only increases with
each further reliance upon inaccuracies in the false framework. you could
not have accuracy at the level of the state via such an approach when in a
context of ubiquitous information, there would be a total onesided madness.
and it does not appear this is actually the case. again, beyond binarism.
thus highly-dimensional modeling may begin as inaccurate models and require
constant analysis and refinement that only a computer could be in the vast
data relations required. for instance, taking all sensor data from street
infrastructure regarding pollution and toxins, all weather, traffic, news,
academic research, epistemological models, social, economic, anything of
any import that can exist in an equation, -- essentially a noise field --
and then allow whatever potential interconnection exists to be modeled as a
possibility, whether activated as a structural scaffold of a hypothesis or
not, and that through educational, career, taxes, health records, and other
indicators - across all known statistics viewed as an empirical framework
for pattern matching past, present, and future events -- to then see what
stands-out in a given moment or in a particular context or perspective, and
that like the extrasensory 'knowing' or intuitive understanding, somehow
the model could suddenly achieve a strange coherence in the data modeled,
and this could occur from the ground-up from the particulate to the whole
and entirely or mostly in a referenced-based AI computational approach, yet
requiring a capacity of parallel linked quantum supercomputers to achieve.
there is no time-sharing on a system like this, it would always be on and
running and like the birth of a universe, would grow and grow and grow, and
while accessed, ultimately it would be best at modeling these chaotic and
unknown dynamics itself -- allowed to run and compute, reason autonomously
so as to consider these dynamics, while humans could input models and help
evaluate models and assumptions. yet ultimately its accuracy is not within
the 1 and 0 of binary digits as representations of on/off switches, instead
it would be this 1 and 0 mapping directly to truth, the basis for grounding
the software model in the hardware physical world as it relates to matter,
energy, and information. it would not inherently involve an extra layer or
distancing from this, seemingly, an additional language and translation.
if allowed, the paradoxical processing of gray-area conditions by a quantum
computer installation could - in accordance with AI and 3-value and N-value
logical reasoning - achieve this 'holistic' approach yet with attributes of
analog characteristic of shifting parameters and sliding scale analyses. in
this way the rigidity of binary 2-value computation that does not allow the
truth to exist would instead not allow the assumption of truth within the
modeling of representational signs (programming, models themselves,
beliefs) to become the truth by default of this interaction (true belief)
and instead, this truth would need to be earned by massive reasoning that
is tied into facts and physics and human knowledge, from the beginning, and
not some ideological bubble-universe that has control over the equipment.
grounded sensing, in other words. if a linear supercomputer can take input
from every weather station and model weather systems worldwide, given what
is known about cloud system formation, wind and temperature and humidity,
and various weather systems and events- what can it do beyond this same
seemingly *fixed* boundary that could involve birds or wildlife or sounds
or resonance or people who have broken bones that ache before a storm or
who immediately know tornado weather minutes far ahead of warning sirens.
if they are outside the model, that is not computed. yet what if that data
somehow could be connected to, yet the software and hardware model do not
allow it, because it is a deterministic approach, rationalized within a
given set of parameters where it controls the knowns via leaving out the
unknowns. what if the unknowns are where the discovery is for new
knowledge. what if the gathered flight of seagulls indicates a thunderstorm
two days out with a degree of certainty before computer models or at least
could be correlated with such observations, tested as empirical evidence as
part of a larger hypothesis of integrated systems. and what if this was
only one aspect of one question of a given scenario in a given discipline
of which there are trillions to consider. the boundaries kill off the
ideas, certainties replace and stand-in for uncertainty, controlling what
is interpreted and allowed to be considered within modeling that then
limits and bounds knowledge to only what can be known from a given view,
and that its inaccuracies become structural, beyond questioning, dogma.
say, a non-electromagnetic view of the universe as this relates to weather
and cloud systems as giant charge-based entities (electric weather).
The Electric Universe / Electrical Weather
what seems most likely in my naive estimation is that the quantum computer
in its capacity for paradoxical computation and looping heuristic methods
for meta-modeling across multiple interrelated scales simultaneously, is
that this ecological condition of reality and this dimensional capacity of
massive quantum installations linked together in parallel would allow for
this evaluation by default of a natural affinity for the physics involved,
and this goes beyond just the processor itself and into its grounding at
the macro-level with material entanglement, whereby sensor networks that
count microns of chemicals could potentially be remotely entangled in their
data sets this way, so that a trigger upon one variable may effect others
at a distance likewise, in terms of latent superposition potentialities.
in this way, the grounded antenna or the ground wire, as with the sensor
connected to a proposed LED signaling display influencing or becoming an
RNG input, could have a autonomic nervous system alongside the brain-based
computational reasoning, whereby ~sensing may remain ambiguous yet also be
highly connected in other hidden or missing or gray area dimensionality
that could like junk DNA recombine in a given instance as a pattern or
allow other frameworks to exist and this seems inherent or unique to the
quantum situation, in that the grounding of the computer also would be a
grounding of the data model in terms of its realism, that the information
modeled accurately maps into the world and is harmonized with it, and that
this diagnostic evaluation occurs if not also in terms of error-correction
or tabulation or computational processing. perhaps there is intelligence
within the current itself, in terms of entanglement, and so perhaps the
entangling of computers in a monitoring sense of environment or various
"dimensions" would also be involved in how data is effectively processed.
this versus having society serve a flawed computer model, subservient to
it, versus the ability to question the model and test it against the truth
of all combined data within the given hypotheses, and the issue of going
against nature. the microns of chemicals cannot simply be ignored. the
poison in the air, toxins everywhere, sick and inhuman approaches as this
relates to ethics and morality. essentially-- the society is schizophrenic
and allowed to be this way in the binary ideology and its computer model,
required even, enforced, yet denied by those who benefit via onesideness,
the inequality, exploitativeness, the epic swindle for fake immortal gain.
thus it is proposed that the quantum computer as a device would have this
RNG/REG aspect that relates to grounding data, and this could connect with
sensors or various other inputs (as if peripherals perhaps).
in this way, a quantum computer installation at massive scale could parse
all traffic cams, all weather info, all news and knowledge and reference
all books and texts in all languages, and build up models within these as
frameworks for evaluating issues of concern as tools for state management
and governance - or tyranny. and thus the short-circuit if this were amiss
or something was off about it, sparking loose-ends that need to be pulled
to find out there is binarism at the helm of such computational power and
that its output is skewed towards the ideological, due to boundaries that
are retained from a given mindset or too narrow belief system, etc. and
that this could likely be expected as a result of not know the questions to
ask when faced with the physics involved, in their metaphysical dimensions.
forcing the data versus listening to it. forcing answers via biased views
versus allowing questions to exist, coherence discerned logical reasoning.
this as it relates to private mankind and public humanity, as referenced to
the US Constitution or ignoring and replacing it via its substitution as a
hollowed-out digital sign. the state as empty set. any tyranny is possible.

@_date: 2013-10-12 02:33:52
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Computer H14 
Tech Time Warp of the Week: Jim Henson’s Muppet Computer, 1963
By Daniela Hernandez

@_date: 2013-10-13 01:00:05
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [15] perimeter observat!ons 
i was going to attempt a real-world example though it is too complicated
without computer tools and lack of mathematical skills to provide a deep
enough reference for real world crypto requirements. there are several
ideas for using HIOX as calculus and set theory permutations that could
have direct relevance yet to actually get into it this functionality is
more than email provides as a communications medium.
thus, in considering this possibility a generic example was considered in
the typical approach, to introduce a programming language. yet even this is
limited and tends to the computational enigma or knotted condition inherent
in the dynamics it involves. and thus, instead of providing one of likely
thousands of approaches, it was instead decided that a limit of trying to
approach this situation would be provided, to get at the unique existing
conditions of considering the mathematic of language and vice versa.
   HELLO WORLD
if considering the above statement, what is interesting to me about their
combined signage is that 7 of the 10 letters can be resolved in within the
numeral '8' which also is the seven-segment LED display. thus the letters
(H, E, L, L, O, O, L) can all be compressed into a single symbol and in its
partial capacity to represent specific alphabetic patterns -not all- the
domain for potentially mapped letters into a mystery word has less than 26
options of the alphabet itself:
   88888 W8R8D
this assumes the rectilinear seven-segment LED display or other rectilinear
alphanumeric character is the basis for a common typographic standard. it
has a Wheel of Fortune gameshow aspect to it, certainly. consider then a
general wildcard condition, any letter number or symbol, in comparison:
   ***** W*R*D
what does it mean. well, if it was known that there are two words, and the
number count of a shared symbol containing the necessary letter is 7, then
it narrows down this potential for 26+ letters +10 numbers +other symbols
into a realm tending towards a limited alphabet, focused on letters alone.
and if this was a known structure, then evaluation could proceed based on
what is most likely within these given parameters.
   88888 W8R8D
for the second word ('WORLD') the more intense HIOX or Union Jack 16
segment LED display symbol would be necessary to map the remaining letters
(W, R, D). thus consider that two different patterns potentially exist that
could map the two words in a permutive range, such that:
   88888 *8*8*
in this example the asterisk would actually be the Union Jack or 16 segment
display, while the '8' would be equivalent to a 7 segment display. a number
sign is going to be substituted instead, to not mistake it for a general
wildcard existing beyond the alphanumeric framework...
   88888 so imagine that the number sign above equates with the HIOX symbol for the
remaining letters W, R, D. while the first word and several letters of the
second are contained in the generic 7 segment display and its alphabet, it
begins in a minimal condition already compared to the more elaborate 16
segment display. yet if considering the letters W, R, D within that context
those letters when overlaid in its structure do not require the full symbol
for their combined representation, that can be compressed in a shared state
of superposition. please look at the following mapping of the 'segments' as
annoted at from the website of a 16 segment display manufacturer...
APPLICATION NOTE 1131
each of the sixteeen segments has its own specific letter or letter-number
combination to help describe what parts of the LED are turned on and off,
to help map this to pin-out diagrams and programming instructions for an IC
display driver else microcontroller.
considering that the remaining letters in the second word (W, R, D) do not
require all sixteen segments to be illuminated at once to contain all of
these three letters as a potential query reply, a specific symbol could be
mapped out of this 16 segment display that is closer to a 7 segment LED
display ('8') with some extra detailing, equivalent to a connection from
the upper left to lower right, and from lower left to middle center. yet as
the 16 segment display is wider and bifurcated down the centerline (to
allow letters such as W to exist, as a mirroring of two letters V|V), this
comparison is only descriptive and would require the 16 segment display to
start with, as the 7 segment has no diagonals or centerline to reference.
alot of description that evaporates into abstraction, potentially- yet the
specific idea of this is that a minimal number of segments can establish a
referenceable symbol for the remaining letters W,R,D and that this is
essentially a symbol 8' with a diagonal from top left to lower right, and
from lower left to the middle, approximately. in the technical terms as it
relates to the annotated segments from the url above: a1, a2, b, c, d1, d2,
e, f, g1, g2, (which creates the equivalent to an 8 or letter B) -and- h,
k, (first diagonal), m (second diagonal).
this mapping of letters onto a minimized common symbol demonstates that the
16 segment display can be minimized to a smaller format 13 segments, that
then limits the potential letters that could exist and be autogenerated via
bit set evaluation of the placeholder symbol (
so in other words, HELLO WORLD could be reduced to two symbols: 8,
whereby the first contains 7 letters and the second, which is a stand-in
for a 13 active segments of a sixteen segment LED display, is a custom
symbol for the remaining three letters.
it is important to make clear that a single symbol (HIOX, or Union Jack,
equivalent to the 16 segment LED display) could render the entire statement
HELLO WORLD via one symbol and yet that would look like this, to start:
    and thus the odds are much better with the following, where only a limited
amount of letters are possible for a majority of the unknown characters...
   88888 the issue of structure is what is involved in this evaluation, as a hint or
clue or patterning that can help consider ways that alphanumerics already
relate in terms of their own internal structuring, as a display format.
in case it is not readily evident what this implies, it is that those
letters represented by the stand-in symbol '8' can only render a limited
amount of letters, given specific rules. thus a 'W' cannot be rendered
within that form, nor a letter 'V', etc. so it narrows down what letters
could exist there. and likewise for the 13 segment custom symbol, an 'X'
could not be rendered nor a 'T' or other letters. and thus while the
probabilities for letter combinations are probably enormous (and this is
provided as a test case for computer experiment, to gauge the numbers
involved in a most simple display of words) there are many fewer options
that exist between a combined 7-segment and 13-segment symbol permutation
than a 7-segment and 16-segment display combined, given dictionaries that
could find words that may fit the given criteria.
so a kind of compression or packing and unpacking could exist in relation
to words and symbols, and it is a question of how this is approach and how
it is dealt with. if you have one symbol for both words the approach is
moot, the patterns are structureless. whereas if a sequence occurs whereby
an evaluation of text considers the structure of a statement, and then
explores how this may be minimized into a smaller format, given rules, it
would be possible to reduce the quantity of letters via such compression,
into particular or peculiar symbols, that are mapped into or back onto
sentences, that may have additional numeric or other instructions as a
guide for this (perhaps a shared key even).
in this way, the symbol 8# with 2,5 could carry the compressed statement
though lacks arrangement or sequence information to where the 7-segment
letters and 13-segment letters would be placed, such that various
combinations could exist in two words of five letters each...
   88888    8 88888
these are essentially impossible computations in terms of hundreds and
thousands if not many more combinations of potential words and meanings, it
could easily involve tens of thousands of [word1] [word2] sequences.
instruction for two words, five letters each (2,5) requires an additional
set of arrangement data, such that there are seven places for '8' and three
for ' in other words, 7('8') and 3('
   8888#     8888#
the arbitrary examples shown demonstrate the variability for this mapping
and thus the original words would not be possible given the sequence if it
is not capable of regenerating the correct origional pattern (HELLO WORLD)
so now this is getting complicated for a simple statement, such that
7('8'), 3(' and (2,5) remain wihtin a realm of untethered abstraction.
a further structure for symbol placement within words is required, to make
sure that they are correctly placed or mapped into the linear arrangement.
one way of doing this would be '8'{1-5,7,9} and ' whereby:
   2,5 ('8'{1-5,7,9}; ' )
the instructions: two words, five letters each, symbol '8' for letters 1-5
(first word), 7 and 9; symbol ' for letters 6-10 (second word)
   88888 given these dynamics, and the geometrical structure inherent in letters and
numbers, it would be possible to de|con-struct words and sentences into a
more abstracted format that would not be readily decipherable, if the key
to unpacking the data was not shared or available. this could be as simple
as a minimal superposition of letters, say a J or L that are mirror-images
in a given display font that could equate with a capital letter U. and thus
the placement of the 'U' could stand for both of these letters. in this way
it is a question of what structures are referenced and under what specific
conditions, and this need not be limited by a particular display and could
instead become an issue of dots and diagonals and vertical and horizontal
bars that are detached from alphanumeric signs, if an algorithm exists to
process statement into this abstraction and back out again.
there are several ways to approach the original situation and this is only
one partial approach. another would be to take the common letters of HELLO
WORLD, and address the three common letters L and two letters O, such that:
   L,O (HE WRD)
and then perhaps again the 'H' and 'E' could easily fit into a 7-segement
LED display format ('8') and the WRD as before into the 13 segments ('
of a Union Jack LED display...
   L,O ('8,
and so it goes, such that the L,O, could be L,7 and yet combine into letter
O, and whatever rules may exist or be applied in a given ruleset approach.
the point is about existing patterns within language as a common structure
or scaffolding that has geometrical attributes that can be harnessed and
that has inherent meaning in the interrelational meanings between SIGNs, in
that signs can exist within other signs, embedded and-or in superposition,
and that these typographic or display characteristics can be harnessed,
used, adapted, in terms of their transformative ability and capacity.
perhaps the above example indicates that the algorithms would be larger
than the statements, yet what if the distribution was offset somehow such
that data could be compressed within a Menger sponge via
superset(set(subset)) nesting via Fibonacci series, or some other approach.
it may involve another consideration yet somewhere they could also be
connected if a means of placing data was mapped similar to rules of a chess
board and the arrangement of its pieces, yet with letters and numbers and
the aspect of the puzzle, such that it there is a limit to its brute-force
computation yet with the correct key can be deciphered or decrypted via
computation, eventually to make its way into clear text. this could be an
issue of manual analysis or involve many sequenced steps, where brute-force
could never break the patterns down from their abstract condition because
the particular perspective for the given instance is beyond the threshold
needed to allow viable computational decypting- it is basically infinite.
this generic abstraction is not particularly helpful yet it provides basic
context for evaluation of beginning considerations, as simple as it gets in
a larger realm of computers and algorithms. and perhaps this is nothing yet
though if it is not an existing approach, it potentially offers something
beyond the existing interpretation or limits for how data is considered in
terms of its inherent signage, and whether this is hollow represetnation or
filled with symbolism and meaning by default- and thus grounded in a deeper
way in terms of its actual truth or floating in a subjective confined limit
that contains interpretation and allows codes to be easily conceptualized
within particular parameters and conventions that are already established.
the short way of conveying the same idea is that the role of TYPOGRAPHY in
relation to cryptography is vital in this approach, whereas its absence in
crypto calculations would also signify a lack of depth in the language and
calculations used, to those of iconic signs, not within their structures.
in this way the calculative aspects of mathesis, of math-language dynamics
within geometrical interrelation, via trans-formational and -mutational
patterning, could within its abstraction, allow estoteric computations to
occur beyond the known or perceivable or modeled boundary of cryptography,
for those with the keys. and perhaps this is entirely of the traditional
approach, the issues of compressing statements into another secret format,
yet has this occured 'infra-letter' and 'infra-number' or has it remained
bounded by letters and numbers, and thus not dealing with the structural
segments that de|con-struct the entirety of language into smaller bits. and
so that is the question and challenge and the insanity of the probabilities
in computing what an ordinary sentence could be, even having the code and
potentially even the key, and yet not the perspective to view it within. in
other words, how is it known what plain text viewpoint is the correct one.
and thus the crucial role of aesthetics and thresholds of shared literacy.
(note: the above example does not consider what would be assumed involved
missing steps, such as substitutions, mirroring, and other transformative
approaches implicit in this calculability and hiding information within
other information or altering its signage and default interpretation. it
may not require computation for SMS conveyances though for twitter-level
likely would involve significant processing, though potentially massive
processing if trying to brute-force crack messages and it is proposed and
hypothesized this could be made impossible, quite easily (via bit sets))
(one way to conceptualize it is expansion of a bit set in a bounded range,
say uncompressing a bit.set string for between 3-10 letter words, and then
the key would be an algorithm that hunts and pecks data out of the expanded
field via particular algorithm, in this way gathering puzzle pieces within
the noise field and reassembling them locally, else locating and mapping
relations within the expanded interiority as a constellation or given
viewpoint which could potentially shift given what key is activated, say
for instance a superposition condition of mirroring, where meaning shifts
given directionality and thus ambiguity is retained by default even if an
observer has some of the puzzle, they may not have the right interpretation
and thus multiple boundaries or mazes within labyrinths within funhouses
with trapdoors leading to dungeons within castles, false perspectives, etc.
the voyeur observer or surveiller not realizing they are trapped, if ever,
until it is too late and their actions are bounded, further limited, led
into closed rooms that get smaller and smaller with no escape possible. the
danger here for the uninitiated and opponents would be following and trying
to decipher the situation. this is bamboo spear jungle trap cryptography.
once they think or believe they understand- it is over. as if a
reverse-form of nihilism even. the transformation of one-point perspective
that is ungrounded, focused on falsity and nothingness, as everything
splays out the further it is approached, nothing relates to anything,
everything relates with everything. madness. loss of coherence. pure
paranoia. and then the clanking and sharpening of metal, ever louder,
evermore near...)
--- anomaly ---
for sake of completeness in the previous HELLO WORLD example, it was also
discovered that it is possible to compact everything into the 7-segment LED
display or rectilinear number '8', if the ruleset and instructions allow
for the rotation and upper- and lower-case variability. in this way...
   H E L L O  3 O r L d
the number 3 stands-in for the letter W rotated sideways. and thus the way
that this statement could be evaluated differs from the previous approach
and involves different specific instructions, as would other methods.
not mentioned in this approach would be the breakdown of letters into the
corresponding segments and mapping these to particular letters in their
various states of potential, whether mutation or transformed. and this
could even be numerical, so that no words are visible in the messaging.
--- note on equality ---
all observations are not equal. nor are all observers equal in their POVs.
the vavlue of the observations must be grounded within truth and related
within an empirical structuring to evaluate views of a given perspective.
and the views that are functioning in a minor truth or pseudo-truth or
partial-truth are not -equal- to those that have removed falsity from the
frameworks used to model and mediate and communicate this shared truth. it
may not be a possible condition today, given tools and issues of literacy,
and yet, those who defer to truth are not the same as those who deny it and
use it to their onesided advantage to exploit reasoning via power
politics.  it is an important distinction that truth does not equal
pseudo-truth, it does not equate with 'allowable falsity' as part of the
shared relation. that is heresy as far as ideas go. errors should not be
normalized yet those relying on errors could tend to believe they are
equals with those who do not. the difference is that the people whose ideas
are based within truth, built upon its foundation, are capable of debating
the ideas and having them challenged - for the strength of the ideas is
their truth, and thus the logical reasoning of hypotheses and
conceptualization of reality in this condition -- removed of known warping,
skew, distortion -- is the way of strengthening the ideas, which become
robust through their fitness for accurately modeling a situation, and they
can withstand critique and can be altered and improved, which is the
obligation. whereas those who do not allow 'their ideas' to be evaluated
are weak-minded and have weak-ideas that cannot withstand critique and
falsification is disallowed, and thus the viewpoint is made infallible--
and yet this ungrounded relativism may still assume an equality with truth
that is vetted beyond its boundary. this is an act of egotism and a conceit
and form of narcissism. such views can be entirely defeated, the minor
truth salvaged, yet the false worldview itself collapsed and utterly
abolished for the false perspective it is. and thus "debate" within a
non-binary logical framework is the threshold for the accountability and
testing of the limits of a given pseudo-truth POV. in that, when reasoned
outside the binary viewpoint and not allowed to rely on ideological
opinions and 'true beliefs', the ones and zeros of the ideas themselves and
the arguments can be dismantled and the minor truth (1) can be separated
from the majority falsity (0) including lies, deception, and bad faith of
intellectual posturing, and thus what is shared is truth (1) yet what is
unshared and differentiated is the opponents reliance on lies and
falsehoods and manipulating this truth to a onesided agenda, and that
cannot simply be erased or equated with a more pure and honest pursuit in
service to truth and its vital role in developing civilization, including
morally and ethically. versus its corruption, bringing about its demise.
these are not equal agendas or equal goals- they are antagonistic relations
and thus those who serve falsity are not the same as those who serve truth.
those who surveill and oppress those in service to truth, however relative
their viewpoint is legitimized, are essentially enemies and opponents of
this truth and are not equals are observers, thinkers, or doers. if someone
does not recognize truth beyond their limited viewpoint they cannot be
reasoned with, the only reasoning they recognize is power itself as truth,
in that power determines what is real, what is true, what is good, etc. so
this is to make a distinction between those who 'believe' things without
the need for external verification of these same beliefs, as different from
those who require this as a necessary process of self-auditing and
in this way, when someone is pointing a cellphone to monitor you on the
street, and tallying such data, they operate in a particular framework that
is oppressive to others in the society, and their actions are not invisible
nor without consequence. it is not simply a mistake or misinterpretation,
yet this would be the relativists argument, trying to retain a shared set
evaluation as if in-group when actively and parasitically hostile. (whats
next- electroshock dog collars and invisible fencing for bad
citizens?)these people are scum. there are leagues of citizen surveillers
sustaining the embubbled false reality that cellphones and monitoring apps
allow, as if subconscious to the surveillers even, as if a dream-state, as
if no one notices them pointing their cellphone at people walking by, data
paparazzi for the evil dictatorial takeover, these cyborg and mindless
zombie the latest ground troops of successive invasions, large populations
of drones that are pointing and clicking their binary ideology into
existence, they are not 'traditional' citizens nor constitutionally
constrained in their activities. nor should they be defended by these
parameters either, for involvement in illegal offensive operations and
cattle chute coordination of citizenry mapped to the warped and SUPERSECRET
"encrypted" masterplan.
 T =/= pT
 empirical truth =/= relativistic pseudo-truth
 grounded observation =/= ungrounded observation
 truth =/= partial truth + massive falsehood
 honesty =/= lies, distortions, onesidedness
 MEDIOCRITY IS TYRANNY
Scholars in Bondage
Dogma dominates studies of kink
Paprika, Babette's Feast, Koyaanisqatsi
¿ ç ñ

@_date: 2013-10-13 23:50:43
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [22] parameters 
a previous example of subjective mathematics was given related to how the
calculation 5 x 2 could occur across a range of 7 through 9, if the decimal
place was unaccounted for yet still existed in a hidden computation. using
exponentials this range can be further demonstrated, and with enough
mathematical know-how potentially any whole number sum could be produced
   5^.1 + 2^.1 = 2
   5^2 + 2^2 = 29
   5^3 + 2^3 = 133
this indicates that what is outside the boundary of consideration could
also have some effect on what is occurring inside of it, depending upon how
it is modeled and how the data is accounted for or may exist without such
evaluation or could have ambiguities or anomalies built-into it, which can
be exploited to produce alternative results in another hidden framework
   [5] + [2] = [2|29|133]
in other words, this 'extra information' exists beyond the boundary of the
numbers 5 and 2, such that for example...
   [5]^2 + [2]^2 = 29
if only accounting for what is inside the boundary, the result is obvious:
   [5] + [2] = 7
and thus the sum could actually be variable, even while 'limited', which
could be an issue of ~appearance or a facade calculation that obscures
other processing that could be occurring simultaneously.
   [5] + [2] = [sum]
in other words, depending upon how the calculation is observed, reviewed,
and evaluated, extra information or details could exist beyond a threshold
that hides relevant data about the calculation taking place, allowing two
or more calculations to occur simultaneously. thus if only whole numbers
are accounted for and yet there are floating decimal point operations and
fractions involved or rounding, these could be areas for exploits or holes.
the skewed ideological nature of relativism is such, that 2+2 could be said
to sum up to 2.3, given an authority based viewpoint...
  [2]^.1 + [2]^.3= [2.3]
and therefore if a student were to say 2+2=4, this could be denied because
it is not the same framework a given privileged perspective uses, which
then all must use to pass their 'subjective mathematics' course, a great
many ~theory-based University professors relying on these tactics.
therefore 2 + 2 = 2.3 could be standardized as a viewpoint and function
outside of other checks and balances and simply be declared true, because
the calculation can be made, even while its 'extra information' may not be
accounted for within the shared situation itself, and instead become the
dogmatic assumption required so as to obtain the only correct answer.
   [2] + [2] = 2.3  // CORRECT
   [2] + [2] = 4  // INCORRECT
addressing the extra information could be made off-limits yet still be used
and required to obtain the given result, and thus by default the actual
non-tainted calculation can be ruled 'out of bounds' for not acknowledging
or ceding to the default biased assumption, which skews the calculation.
   [pT] + [pT] = [range of pT]
   [T] + [T] = [empirical truth]
it really matters where the boundaries are drawn and how they are accounted
for, because it would be wrong to assume 2 + 2 = 2.3 without recognizing
the role of exponential power in altering the whole number values. in this
way, what is false can be equated with what is true, yet only because it is
not resolving anomalies into a truth-only framework, and it is this leeway
or skew, warping, distortion, and bias that can force false perspectives
in this same way, computer modeling of society and issues of surveillance,
where 'terror' may be mapped onto citizens en masse, via criteria that are
beyond actual accounting or oversight -- if not due to issues of language
and psychology that are allowed given a privatized corrupted worldview via
the broken US Constitution, allowing private man to manipulate events in
that finite, limited framework so it firstly benefits male-male historical
relations. what if, for instance, a cabal developed whereby by privilege of
this viewpoint, e.g. a hostile homosexual male point of view was the
grounding of the surveillance state, and its associated politics as this
relates to harassment of citizens or being blacklisted or even denied
healthcare. that is the same issue of accountability and boundaries and how
moving goalposts allows these types of abuses to exist within the system
and systematically become the basis for oppressive institutionalized
behavior. and thus, in the above example, what if sexual harassment were to
occur via surveillance in that peculiar context- that the private male-gaze
of the state is trying to out a citizen, and that type of extra data
involved in calculations. it is perhaps absurd, though perhaps not, if
unregulated and unaccounted for.
the larger issue being that computer models can likewise be bounded and
allow ~privileged ("royal") interpretations that are ungrounded or skewed
by default of not accounting for binary biasing, subjective (A=B)
evalautions, and relativistic framework that operate only or primarily in
pseudo-truth and its evershifty onesided "reasoning" er ~processing, which
can brute force a resulting false perspective that is presupposed to be
shared by all because it can be thought and believed to exist, by fiat of
everyday SIGN-BASED "computation" that is essentially saying: i see, i say,
i believe myself. and this extends into: we agree, we believe, this is
shared reality.
the problem with this situation is life and reality are more complicated
than this simplistic framework and yet if error-correction is not allowed
or views outside the particular boundary or that question it are silenced,
then it is a self-sustaining bubble environment of close-minded believers
in a particular finite view of partial truth that is equated with universal
truth, such that pT=T. yet also, a particular individual viewpoint takes
precedent over all the others that have better information or do not rely
on errors, which instead can just be ignored and denied as 'less than'.
   individual.pT > group.T
the way this should ideally work is that the empirical truth of humanity
would error-check and correct the individual partial truth, yet if the
individual POV is ruling over humans, then it becomes 'the law' by way of
power, 'the truth', albeit virtual, ungrounded, disconnected from reality.
   individual.T > group.pT
the way democracy should work is that this feedback of individual viewpoint
into the larger empirical framework should be embraced, welcomed and not
shutdown by censorship or other means, yet this is instead what occurs in
educational institutions and society at large via conformist 'true belief'.
   dictator.pT > citizens.T
in this way, state cyberattacks against citizens could break equipment to
force silence and enforce ideological boundaries, to make sure feedback
cannot occur which challenges the ruling viewpoint, even though warped and
reliant upon errors, false beliefs and incorrect assumptions
   dictator.power > citizens.truth (empirical)
the idea then of accountability is that this process is reversed and held
to account in a legal framework of constitutional law, else it is denied
and the functioning state is illegal, beyond law, exploiting its citizens
   dictator.power < citizens.truth
   private.POV.pT < public.TRUTH
   relativistic.pT < empirical.TRUTH
so a situation in a failed state could devolve to the point that a private
police state is on the offensive against the public human state...
   private.police-state > public.human.state
and this very situation can likewise be reversed...
   private.police-state < public.human.state
thus, in terms of mass surveillance these various categories and boundaries
can help shape the policies or lack of oversight or incapacity to reason
about what is occurring in the terms it occurring within, due to illiteracy
which may be inherent though also enforced, via silencing, censorship, and
blacklisting and destruction of other viewpoints that challenge and seek to
change the false perspective to a more accurate, accountable shared view
   private.mass.surveillance > human citizenry
   private.warped.politics.pT > human.TRUTH
   relativistic.power.pT > empirical.TRUTH
   evil.rogue.state.pT > human.state.TRUTH
in this condition there is code, signage, language and algoritms, numbers
flowing through equations said or believed to /represent/ the situation and
peoples interests, yet what [people], how is this defined and accounted for
and to what degree is this false, based on the surrounding evidence of a
despoiled environment and broken civilization, from minds to products to
institutions to ideas, a total and complete manufacturing of failure, and
thus the centrality of the role of ILLITERACY in allowing and enabling this
status quo, basically by going along with the existing outdated paradigm,
incrementally improving upon ungrounded and biased assumptions, and so-on
the big picture idea is that you would not want to limit or censor or skew
or force a perspective upon reality that is inaccurate or limiting or false
as that would bound what can be known and interpreted, yet this subversion
could occur in a state computing or other scenario, such as with quantum
all-seeing distributed networked supercomputing whereby 'the ambiguity' is
forced into a narrow ideological framework and cherry-picked to get results
or supporting data that allows actions to be justified via these corrupted
models-- corrupted in their relation with ideas, the observation of signs
as if 'the reality' versus referencing it elsewhere, conduits not
things-in-themselves. such a confusion or idiocy could lead to citizens
being perceived and treated as if potential terrorists, by default of a too
limited onesided evaluation of the data, and its forced binarization into
the same old relativistic private gaming that constitution 'history' allows
the danger is that this is the *default* condition, the rules organizing
and quasi-governing systems, the capacity to legitimize this activity via
'biased processing' of binary ideologues which force privatized reasoning
into these false and error-ridden frameworks as if 'universal truth' by the
very declaration of a shared perspective and denial of any other evidence
that does not fit the model or challenges it or inconveniences that view,
and this situation has been normalized, equated with 'public agenda' even
and therefore the oppression exist within minds, and interpretations and
this involves illiteracy if not malice and mendacity to the human project
and its existing outside-the-lines is how it is allowed to continue, for
the parallel activity is not being accounted for in the calculations, it
can be sidestepped, and in doing so, takes on all the force of law-- as
language, ungrounded sign-based communication substituted for truth itself.
this then enshrined in technology, the operating system of the rogue state,
and in individuals and society via institutional and mass media programming
such that behavioral compliance is the first and ultimately the only choice
(this possible because "logic" has been removed from calculations and thus
the biased subjectivity of A=B observations the basis for such politics,
uncorrected and uncorrectable relativism is the carte blanche powerplay)
--- literacy and observation ---
so rationalization can be in error and this is proposed the default
situation with the flawed frameworks that exist that society malfunctions
within, most especially issues of money and [economics], which relies so
extremely on privately skewed pseudo-truth that it is the antithesis of the
principle of economy, and yet unaccountable to this empirical reasoning.
the rationalization of a finite viewpoint, a partial infinitesimal slice of
larger situation by a particular observer/s and framework, then can reduce
via CENSORSHIP what data is inside the model and held outside its boundary
while also including other hidden data that remains unaccounted for, as
bias and skew and warping and distortion, that is unable to be calculated
in terms outside the perspective. it is disallowed, becomes faith-based,
and an answered question- institutionalized. "this is true because it is
good for us, etc. "if you do not accept our truth you are bad for us, etc.
this reductionism is tied to a limited rationalization, which is based on
observations by people who agree or share a particular framework or view,
yet this is not inherently grounded and removed of falsity- instead it is
inherently pseudo-truth and reliant on errors biasing and warped beliefs
until corrected, removed of these-- which is where the societal
short-circuiting occurs, the lack of any need or requirement to do this
outside of a private framework and belief system or private POV or ID. say
sex or gender or demographics or political party. there is no requirement
to acknowledge 'truth' existing outside this private boundary, as per the
US Constitution (!) and therefore, this choosing-truth becomes a RIGHT of
private citizens, and this collapses a larger shared public framework by
dividing and subdividing again and again across every issue and viewpoint
until there is no shared perspective for issues -- only infantile babbling
(this in a context of the internet as global adolescent playpen, likewise)
so in this devolved condition, an unnatural state of illiteracy exists
where the 'common framework' cannot be allowed or established, either by
hostilities of others, including the state, manifested by private attacks
via representatives of its ideology or by official state action itself,
else the incapacity of people to communicate in empirical terms about the
situation that exists, removed of biasing or boundaries and thresholds that
create exceptions to everything outside a given viewpoint, which can either
be incapable of acknowledging what exists to retain equilibrium in existing
conditions, or also has no shared framework to communicate within, for the
perspectives beyond a given specific limit. in that, the common structure
is absent from social relations, the education system built around this
division of thought and action, whereas what is needed is a generic or
generalist viewpoint that transcends the finite specialist awareness and
its limits to shared considerations within a given boundary. in other
words, the ability to communicate and understand -across boundaries- has
been lost in the very era when humanity is most connected by technological
tools and yet there is SILENCE about the issues that exist in the terms
they exist within, when instead the 'representative media estate' and its
failed role as representers of public will themselves have collapsed,
having no backbone for real questions, perhaps due to hidden dictatorship
and real-world consequences of going against the prevailing private agenda.
if people were able to logically reason beyond binary viewpoints the issues
that exist could be dealt with forthrightly in a constitutional context,
yet the very absence of this, due to forced illiteracy, prevents it. the
very educational system that is supposed to uphold ideals of such feedback
itself destroyed and disallowing viewpoints beyond the correct perspective
within classes and thus formatting minds and manners and relations this way
that results in total incapacitation of the population to deal with its own
situation in the state, which leaves corporate citizens the only competent
selfish actors ('virtual citizens'), legal entities which now basically are
representers of a portion of a privatized public viewpoint, those whose
careers align with the given agendas, whether health-care or high-tech or
privatized state and federal bureaucracy itself -- against the citizenry. a
cannibalistic exploitative self-defeating, oppressive ideological policy
that stands-in for polity in a mass mediated internet-is-TV surrealism,
everything moving lock-step in the same direction of a global wind-up
watch, whether it is realized or not- it is a gigantic automated machine,
and people are effectively and essentially enslaved, imprisoned within it
and by default function against one another via these insane dynamics,
unless accurately accounting for the situation beyond enronomic beliefs
"truth itself" is not being accessed simply by communicating viewpoints
within language, and yet this is the assumption that allows all this to
occur without correction. instead, truth must be secured. and thus if it is
trapped within ideology, that must be addressed, evaluated, transformed so
that it is not a hidden limit and that such warped dynamics are neutralized
and what is true can be freed from a constraining falsity. and to do this
requires logic that goes beyond the prevailing binary ideology that is at
this moment celebrated as a triumphant revelation of a friction-free life
in a future-world, a religious-like transcendent experience -- "if only you
fully and truly believe, then you can code your own reality, our reality"

@_date: 2013-10-14 15:52:54
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [20] surveying the minefield 
the idea may at first seem strange or improbable, though machines can
effectively 'lie' by sustaining and enforcing a false perspective where
errors and deception are normalized into shared structuring. the exchange
of data -in its skew or misrepresentation- can become foundational to a
given reality that has an implicit if covert agenda connected to it, which
can range across cultural domains, including politics, economics, social
and demographic aims, pitting some against others, yet unaccounted for.
  [machine1] <--- lies ---> [machine2]
such a false perspective then depends upon how ideas are modeled, (thus
also situations they seek to encompass, via automated surveying via the
surveillance infrastructure monitoring citizens from various angles)
  [binary1] <--- lies ---> [binary2]
these views can be 'shared' and thus presumed legitimate by default of this
sharing of a common framework, even if private and only partially true, yet
also carrying the mantle of 'public observation' within a default context.
what is important to note is that the much can be ignored from this POV and
yet can be equated with representing a total situation, likewise. in that
the edited parameters of perception, even if technical, in their onesided
evaluation, still carry a presumption of accuracy within the shared frame.
and this can be standardized, institutionalized, yet remain ~ungrounded,
and thus, the error-rate instead of being dealt with and removed becomes
structural and of a protected, insulated domain instead, a leverage point
that can be used to gain advantage via exploiting the uneven relations
between what is inside the boundary and what it observes onesidedly
by not accounting for truth at the level of machines and representation, we
have given machines the ability to lie to us. faulty modeling enshrined in
the silicon and circuitboards provides the structure to sustain and further
extend the faulty views of people, extended within the technological tools
that then are subverted by this fundamental impurity, where, specifically-
the 1's and 0's of binary ideology are equated as if absolute truths while
not connected to its logical accounting beyond an ideology of 'true belief'
and thus these ones and zeros are emblematic or 'symbols' of a truth that
is actually absent within the technology-- it is nowhere represented in the
modeling of data itself, which instead occurs only within language and its
conventions and does not require accordance with grounded nature outside
this view, such that reality is replaced by its system of signification,
the 'representation' replaces the reality, and narrows down the dimensions
to only what can be allowed to exist as it benefits a particular viewpoint
that no longer has human values as its purpose continual decision-making
technology has become disconnected from humanity and thus society this way
and the digital equipment stands in for 'accountable truth' as if devices
themselves are this higher realm of understanding and awareness, vs. lower
and so people begin to serve machines and the nothingness (absent of truth)
at their centre as if the higher calling, when instead their
representation   of reality is highly limited, finite, and warped,
constrained and censoring what exists to only a particular flawed
relativistic model that is biased to serve only some people, at the cost
and labor of the many it exploits
life, nature, love, are nowhere present except as they can be represented
as commodified SIGNs to be exploited, systematically, via state machinery.
in that, in the internal 'digital universe' established, these unmapped
relations are anomalies that get described away in other limiting terms and
thus are established in warped structural frameworks that become normalized
as the basis for shared awareness - love equated with a brain state or with
chemical processes that can be artificially induced or engineered, versus a
different approach regarding its mystery and boundary where reductionism is
incapable of accounting for its greater truth, due to ideology and dogma.
this is how scientific methodology becomes deterministic as a worldview
that supposes itself capable of rationalizing the world in its actuality
without accounting for the actual dimensions which must be edited to fit
the worldview and its agenda, thus the parameters of observation and also
the establishment of a constrained evaluation that becomes structural and
in this way- the world of life and its situations are modeled within lesser
views than what actually exists, protected by this binarist representation
that replaces the world with a substitute model said and believed to be the
defining truth, which becomes the foundation for 'machine' relations and
observations between humans, and between humans and machinery. as if the
use of programming code written in C++ is by default grounded in the world
an accessing external truth by using SIGNs to represent external events;
versus having these assumptions actually tested as hypotheses, and held to
account for errors, which has been removed from the process of ideas
not just any errors, technical, ideological errors, errors of observation
that go beyond the institutionalized dogma, into the code of the perceivers
and deciders and hold those relations and observations to account for how
situations are modeled and in what terms, because this can be exploited,
the world can be misrepresented in its entirety and if not held to account
can become normalized and the basis for day-to-day existence, a corruption
that is sustained and extended by technology that extends this ~processing
so how do you get to the errored code if it exists prior to its input into
the machines and the creation of machine-based frameworks and modeling.
what if people today are not required to be honest or truthful (as their
*private right*, no less)  thus grounding is not required via relativist
and subjective agendas that exploit the A=B mismatch, as if A=A activity
how to get to the code within a person who parses situations inaccurately
and seek its correction, especially with a breakdown in communications such
that language cannot sustain such in-depth considerations between peoples,
is everything reliant on peoples conscience then, to do the right thing, or
on the ability of sociopaths to lie and feel no remorse or obligation for
truth beyond their self-interested boundary? how did error and lies become
acceptable as a basis for relations, unless to exploit eachother and divide
citizens into smaller and smaller enclaves of un/shared awareness. is not
the ability to rationalize inaccurate worldviews as personal operating
systems somehow involved in the deeper corruption as it relates to ideas,
how they are detached from reality and accounting beyond a given boundary
which then becomes the self and its ego, personal or shared beliefs about
how individuals and groups exist, compete or cooperate, yet beyond further
accounting in actual truth, beyond some shared level of communication
this is insane, in terms of logic and empirical truth, because
language-relations can be largely ungrounded, superficial, manipulating
frameworks to force and warp perspectives to fit agendas and some of these
views are larger than others, controlling them within skewed ideological
ecosystems and thus a gigantic warped mechanism can exist that presumes
shared truth as shared belief that remains unchecked beyond the enforced
boundaries, and this goes into peoples nervous systems, their brains and
how they think, prior to this communication with others - their own
self-conception and self-accounting as a being in relation to all that is,
and the presumption of knowing or not knowing and choosing or finding a
path to function within  that syncronizes with the larger momentum and
allows survival, and yet this very path of least resistance is likely by
default antihuman and against humans and civilization itself, as miswired
and misdirected
and the individual is not held to account for their internal errors in
terms of themselves, necessarily, and can go about being inaccurate in
observations or bias toward partial-truths while ignoring others, then
assuming this condition translates into a pure truth of machinery via
outward action, that provides a platform for this same way of being that
can and does exist in a bubble or virtual condition in terms of its truth,
in that it is by default a detached condition from the actual nature of
things as they exist, beyond the given warped model representing them
this is why the outward survey requires first an inward survey of the self
prior to seeking to determine external changes - and is a major failure of
activists who require moral compliance from another while not necessarily
having the same integrity in their own lives, in terms of grounded truth-
instead it can become another exploit in a competitive scheme, worthwhile
perhaps though unsound in terms of shared reasoning, tit-for-tat scenarios
that are the very basis for their destruction as ungrounded approaches, an
issue of dealing in language and systems of representation versus truth as
the mediator, thus signs of things and their interactions in competition
versus alignment via shared truth and common agenda, which then places
those who serve truth on the same side, and those who share lies as the
enemy. if caught in relativism and protected boundaries, that next step can
never be achieved, and thus the dance can legitimize the false perspective
and provides needed symbolic checks and balances for status quo relations,
versus a deeper interrogation of culture beyond the superficial, whereby
advertising of non-profits or other organizations eventually replaces the
issue with their own cause, a hollowed-out exercise of self-sameness of the
shared underlying ideology, no matter what is said, via such 'grounding'
if everything was as easy to determine was simply writing about it and-or
having observations and communicating -- people would probably think they
are REALLY SMART and could self-righteously go about justifying any action
that they deem correct as being correct, as long as no feedback exists that
counters this belief. therefore people could think or believe what they are
doing is really radical or politically challenging powers that be because
they are functioning in a particular domain in those terms -- yet to what
effect is this stageplay, a song and dance routine, versus getting to the
core condition that could actually change what is going on-- and what will
it take to get there if a boundary exists within the minds of people who
may think 'conventional approaches' are adequate to the existential task
even while insurmountable in these same mindsets and ways of relating
what if the biggest impediment to change is the individual observer, the
self who is set in their views and is not requiring of a higher degree of
fidelity with the external world, given private predisposition to what can
be a selfish or self-serving protected viewpoint-- what if individualism
has been corrupted to the point that individuals are recoded in group-think
and behave like a herd even while having all the choices in the world to
pursue their own interests (while ignoring most everyone elses likewise)
what if the code of self is in error, the psychological, emotional, mental
way of being, and that interactions between a self and itself is in error?
what if people are fucked up in their views by default- what then...
and what if this is allowed by ungrounded, unaccountable beliefs that are
detached from empirical truth beyond a protected private boundary- and that
no obligation exists to humility or to 'reason' beyond this limited narrow
framework, as is peoples *privatized* rights, via the corrupt constitution,
which becomes a document allowing and enforcing COLLECTIVE IDIOCY instead
how to deal with that situation, the encoding of an ideological default
state within people, straight of the womb or test-tube that then can be
fast tracked into the automated machinery and exploited over a lifetime for
profit, while surviving or struggling to, to greater or lesser degrees
and what if the obligation of the education system to deal with this as a
condition has been obliterated, such that truth is absent from schools and
instead everything is mediated in terms of appropriate language (SIGNS)
that involves standardized tests that validate correct pattern matching,
even while it is to institutionalize B=A and B=B dynamics, yet questioning
this condition is not allowed and the boundaries are enforced, especially
via psychiatric feedback for challengers, misfits, strugglers, the abused
so dealing with truth is basically ILLEGAL within society, and the last
place you will have it dealt with is within the court system because the
law is based within accounting for events within ungrounded LANGUAGE, the
sign of what occurs, versus in its truth as tallies to ones or zeros. that
is unless you get access to the supreme court and constitutional review to
test the source code itself as a framework for this 'shared truth' that is
not actually this, yet functionally and legally represents it, including
the above actions that set people against one another in exploitative terms
in this way, people and the machinery that extends the faulty actions that
are believed good, true, correct, right, and yet are oftentimes opposite of
this if accurately accounted for beyond the given limits of interpretation
and via censoring or limiting outside observation, this can be disallowed
and thus the false perspective, whether in peoples shared ideas or within
the technologies developed and used for daily exchange can exist in the
same rotten and corrupted frameworks and be required as a basis for shared
exchange when it is this very process which relies upon unchecked falsehood
and thus automatically extends it via its continued use, as a methodology
in contrast, if each individual was assisted from birth to old age in
developing self awareness, and given the basic skills and tools to map
their own consciousness and understanding in a personal circuit of the
self, a diagram of all their attributes and goals and combined health and
education records and skills and career data, that this self-diagnostic
capacity then would be the most accurate model of the self that could be
referenced for a person as they relate to others within the larger state,
and data that is external would be matched against the personal model, such
that if points of view conflict, it can be mediated in the given frameworks
versus having one biased viewpoint have authority over another even though
it may not be accurate or could rely on structural falsehoods. thus, if a
student questions something in class, it could be reviewed by others in the
objective terms it exists within (A=A) instead of misrepresented by those
who ideologically subvert this process (A=B and-or B=B), and therefore an
obligation would exist to mediate this condition of shared truth and the
lies would have no place as situations are accurately accounted for, given
the data that is continually checked by outsider observers as people are
interacting with others and other systems in the shared environment
   [A=A] <---> [A=B]
the difficulty is that there is no obligation of citizens to operate within
an A=A framework due to relativism which negates the possibility of shared
truth, while at the same time exploiting this as a universal perspective,
which establishes a boundary for what can and cannot be a shared viewpoint
and thus a 'subjective objectivism' is universalized that only allows its
limited parameters to be allowed for relations, even while flawed and
reliant upon errors, which enable further exploitations to take place
against any truth that exists, via arbitrary onesided evaluations that are
effectively the politicization of the entire infrastructure of society,
most especially via academics where the threat of 'new ideas' is largest
new ideas meaning empirical truth, accounting with western philosophy and
cultural traditions, that kind of thing that is disregarded as out of date
or fanciful, censoring the very structure of logical reasoning, and in
doing so allowing the false perspective to rule over all interpretation.
thus to succeed in this system requires belief, to belief what is said, as
it is said as a sign or correct pattern that can be matched to the self and
adhered to, versus questioned or considered or thought about beyond the
particular enforced boundary -- or else! you can lose your ability to live
in the society, be sent all the way to the bottom to be ground up by the
base functioning of the automated machinery, as systems exploit people as
cattle, guided into appropriate processing, all eventually slaughterhoused
'trust the machine' is like 'trust the liar', it just does not work that
way in terms of the greater truth involved. yet doing so can bring benefits
within those parameters, yet the price is truth itself, a disconnection
from the larger issues involved. the representation does not match the
reality, and in that gap, the exploit. and it begins in the person, within
the individual mindset and its enculturation, whereby false frameworks are
normalized and the basis for relations and exchange, including in the tools
themselves, digital technology- the networked media jukeboxes that people
carry around, represented by candy-store icons, mapping only to certain
highly constrained dimensions that keep everything in the ideological box
yet may allow the perception that activity actually exists beyond this
limit, and that would be illusory, the entire system is engineered from the
ground up, as if the context is a wild frontier and not disneyland from the
start, the groundplane not full of wires and automated sensing mechanism, a
managed stage and scenery and actors everyone playing their unique parts
so what if individuals start with an A=B worldview, and this limits their
larger interactions in the world beyond a given limit or private boundary.
what if the code they think in their brains is even B=B as if A=A, and yet
it is unaccounted for in this inaccuracy. say- having no relation to the
context in which events occur and only viewing things in their immediacy
and locally, say no technological history or understanding taught in school
so it seems that issues of today are those of the 18th and 19th century
instead, and so an immediate [sign] can be evaluated outside a realistic
context and oversimplified and analysed in inaccurate terms which are
those  of entire political platforms and agendas even, missing information
never accounted for in scratch-my-back exchanges that serve the 'common
good' which is the past and present evil in its inadequacy and deep
people with partial views could assume 'total literacy' in a binary mindset
even while reliant upon falsity, and this can manage over others, including
other truth, which is ignored or falsified by its ability to be limited or
stopped entirely, via hostilities or censorship or containment, etc. and
thus in the realm of the ungrounded empire of signage, an egotist could
easily believe they 'know everything' in their particular warped framework
and function within the system in these partial terms, for self-interested
goals that serve a like population that benefits from this, while ignoring
and oppressing those who do not and are not served by the corruption of
pseudo-truth universalized and made authoritarian, people submitting to
lies and deceptions and frameworks of falsehood and basing relations on
these simply to survive, to have a chance at continuing to breathe instead
of fighting an "irrational" enigma that forces people straight into
madness  due to its insane dimensions, which do not add up to a sane
worldview and instead it is antihuman, it is oppressive, it is illegal,
unconstitutional yet none of this is of significant if truth is not
logically accounted for
the winners are the schemers and scammers and liars and cheats and now the
entire state system and world system is based upon this 'shared principle'
as a basis for governing power, the constitution ~interpreted this way thus
allows its justification, so long as truth is allowed to be misrepresented
and there is no way to sanely prove, given the evidence, what is going on
unless of course the source code is everywhere around us and it is a limit
of our own inaccuracies to not be able to read it and communicate our ideas
about the shared situation. to do so requires getting truth grounded in a
shared framework of logic, beyond the binary, getting clear about what the
issues are, understanding and comprehending the modeling of empirical
truth  (A=A) in a relativistic framework (A=B), and then taking on
situations via public debate of ideas -- contests of worldviews where
LANGUAGE would no longer be used to 'hide truth' via powerplays of
ungrounded subjective rhetoric and instead would be brought down to ones
and zeros of truth and falsity, accuracy of beliefs and ideas structurally
accounted for in terms of their allegiance or ignoring of the involved
parameters, beyond just the limited boundaries of a given perspective, to
include the larger situation that is ignored because it can be removed from
the shared equations, as is the privilege of the dishonest and corrupt who
exploit these dynamics, (and this can include anyone determined to 'choose
their own reality')
how can accurate code be written if it is not firstly based in truth that
is beyond the bias or error-rate of the coder. it takes other people and
observations to check against, other modeling beyond finite limits and
boundaries, the threshold of self as detached versus connected with others
and of dimensionality that extends into ecosystems and is not containable
only within an enforced narrow worldview -- truth is held captive inside of
pseudo-truth and falsity, and this can be within a person themselves
thus, firstly, how to free the person from the inherited, surrounding, and
absorbed falsity of environment and others that formats the self- how to
get that distance and recognize that fallibility of the self, that it is
the very imperfection of an individual that leads to their perfection as an
optimizing being, by accounting for errors allows these to no longer limit
or constrain functioning within lesser circuitry and adaptation and growth
and development can occur beyond the false boundaries - once released from
the inaccuracy as a malfunctional framework. and what if this is the goal
of society, to help people develop into who they most actually are, and to
support this self-development because it is the long-term best approach to
improving society via high functioning citizenry, versus today which seeks
to constrain and disallow this develop, keeping most everyone stupid and
limiting only 10% of the brain to be used in the education system (or else-
the psychiatrist and psychiatric pills for you!)
what if society was not an antihuman environment, and what if to get there
requires a new relation between people, and what if the way people are now
formatted prevents this, due to constrained private boundaries that limit
and protect awareness, yet this is also the essential self-corruption, that
it can protect inaccurate views and beliefs sheltered within false models
and beliefs that remain unchecked and uncorrected and are even the basis
for shared relations, in that careers or marriages or other relations may
be developed in that inaccurate context. thus what if any acknowledgment of
error or inaccuracy could lead to negative repercussions and jeopardize the
fragile sandcastles of peoples lives, where such revelations could become
weaknesses, and set a person up against themselves in their functioning,
when their brain and its beliefs are in opposition to what the body does
and the conflicts that can arise in realizing a schizophrenic, fragmented
condition required and normalized within society, as the status quo itself
maybe it is the system that is actually crazy - and following along is the
crazy thing, and waking up to this is actually about BECOMING SANE and not
about losing your mind, and instead about finding it, grounding it in the
more realistic situation, just as 9/11 did for a great many here, because
finally some of the dimensions that exist beyond a given boundary were
brought back into the world and could begin to be discussed in potentially
more realistic terms, yet this itself was dÃ©tourned, again via language
so what if everyone exists in 'some truth' or partial truth, and this is a
pseudo- condition, in that it is ambiguous and variant in terms of how it
can be and is accounted for. [truth] is not 100% absolute, instead it is
embedded in frameworks and contexts that carry it and these can be in error
in terms of viewpoint or beliefs or perspective or facts and even subverted
or twisted, such that truth is aligned within a warped worldview that then
becomes normalized and the basis for relations and exchange, as with today
so what if this toxic situation is the default condition for observation,
such that the individual observer exists in a condition of 'some truth' and
the goal is to remove the errors, simplify the situation by getting rid of
the false beliefs in the modeling of events, and in doing so, while
perhaps   a less elaborate construct, a more accurate belief that tends
towards A=A awareness, than relies upon A=B assumptions, including
falsehoods needed to sustain the view. the ability to error-correct,
fallibility, is the key to the cybernetic circuitry of self, allowing
improvement. it is not an issue of weakness to be able to accurately
account for the nature of the self to enable better self governance,
management, and interactions with others. it is necessary and vital to
unlocking the self beyond limiting constraints and false boundaries that
contain the self within institutionalized views and inaccuracies that
forbid development beyond the given belief system
it is liberation, this accurate accounting of the self and freedom from the
structuring of lies and deceptions, shared and unshared. it is the ability
to 'know' what is known, and be able to defend this in terms of its truth,
in a larger empirical framework of truth beyond the self alone, as this
relates to humanity, the interconnectedness of shared human perspective
thus to get the ones and zeros of truth and falsity accounted for within
the self then enables relations with others that are not reliant upon the
frameworks of 'shared lies', by default. and such true is only devalued
when it is downgraded into a pseudo-truth evaluation and forced to be
limited by a false worldview for what greater truth involves. it is a
litmus test for ideology, where peoples boundaries are, who can and cannot
be reasoned with and within or beyond protected or chosen boundaries. thus
a closeminded biased programmer who codes this way likely has their own
biased OS of self that is the basis for this imbalance externalized. so
too, a person who has internal equilibrium with greater truth may balance
external dynamics in an alignment more conducive to exchange in this way.
the free flow of information and ideas requires free minds, in other words
and the censorship or limiting of ideas and actions, in their truth, is an
indication also of an inner disposition of those with such decision-making,
that it is a tell basically about the logical reasoning running the works.
this too can be exploited. the programming of self, not the automatic NLP
brute-force of another and instead, 'processing' or logical reasoning, how
a system works, within what dimensions, by what routines and flows, can
then establish a way of coding based on a way of being, its foundation in
truth, and built up from that awareness, reliant upon it and tested against
it in terms of self-accountability, versus missing this vital step and
running 'beliefs' without necessary grounding, as these become systems and
technologies and administration and ruling agendas
perhaps in this way social engineering has within its domain the issues of
the programmer as a model of the computing paradigm they in turn develop,
such that their modeling and thinking and motivations extend outward into
systems yet relate back to the self as observer and decider, including in
moral or ethical or ideological dimensions. and thus flaws in personality
or flaws in beliefs or manipulations in these realms could be a continuum,
and allowing insight into the nature of the exploit by those who exploit,
as they think this way or rely on such deceptions, yet may also not be able
to accurately account for themselves in these terms- seeing or evaluating
the self accurately- looking into the mirror and see who is actually there
versus who is believed there ("who is the fairest of them all", etc.)
the signs can lie, can be hollowed-out, shallow, detached from truth yet
*appear* to equate with an idea, to represent a truth, stand-in for it, and
as long as no one is the wiser, this could be a successful approach though
it remains virtual, the bubble can always be popped by outside accounting,
and thus the way things are calculated and in what parameters does matter
for how events are considered, communicated about, what is allowed reality
and in this way, the masquerade of self as people may be externalized and
held beyond this internal accounting for beliefs and actions, such that
pseudo-truth is all that is required to sustained warped true belief' that
is self-serving and dishonest, such that the person or IMAGE in the mirror
is a fake, ungrounded in relation to actual existence, a conceit or ego
that is daydreaming in terms of the chosen ideological terms of existence,
and all that exists beyond this self interest remains unaccounted for and
the external pressures involved, kept away from influencing these beliefs
because it can be kept outside or protected against, via private enclaves;
though at some point this could fail, and another world could take over and
then this same person would have to come to terms with external accounting
beyond the limited view, and for this their worldview would be effectively
crushed, their ability to reason in these same terms and carry such beliefs
would no longer be allowable, given the larger situation that now must be
confronted and dealt with-- especially on terms other than self-beneficial.
how well can liars do when the lies are no longer allowable as a practice.
what happens when the accounting involves them losing jobs, careers, their
houses, as others have due to the treachery of their antihuman ideology
the danger is the encryption of the self that may not allow a self to be
decrypted, if the key of truth is ignored. and thus those who can unlock
themselves from the falsity have a different capacity for functioning than
those who cannot audit themselves, take account of their actual condition
versus a sign-based self-belief that wills itself into shallow existence,
despite the facts and evidence. a volatile combination for instant madness,
this. the self inaccessible, running hostile code, no way to masquerade,
then stuck in a reframed reconstituted operating system of the state that
seeks out the errors for removal. those humans aligned with truth on the
one side, antihumans on the other. it is not appearance that is the issue,
it is actuality, grounded beliefs as this relates to actions and integrity
again in terms of security, the falsity of self and its ability to be
exploited by self or others, or produce continual errors in processing then
is a critical failure that must be remedied. the self needs to establish a
1=1 relation with truth and get beyond the reliance on manipulations that
allow subjectivity to overrule evidence and disregard empirical modeling;
that is, the conceit and narcissism of 'thinking' as binary onesideness
that prevents thought via certainty of knowing a pseudo-truth viewpoint in
terms of 'true belief' as if absolute and verified universally while false.
those who do not do this perhaps are limited by parameters or boundaries
that must be protected or confused and knotted and short-circuiting, yet
also can rely upon this as a devious tactic that prolongs and extends the
techniques of exploitation reliant on false frameworks and mimicry, saying
one thing and doing another, as if it is beyond external calculation even.
this situation and these interactions becomes transparent, freudian slips
or tells or evidence of warped beliefs and limiting worldviews that seek to
control and determine 'external events' in a bounded self-serving biased
rationalization, that safely operates within a shared zone of ideology
needless to say, this is also an operating system, these peoples mindsets
are running routines in their brain-based platforms, programs and scripts
and parsing data in certain parameters that exploit data and force it into
particular skewed, self-serving views -- and thus, 3-value and N-value
interactions can probe these situations and gain awareness of what these
parameters are, what the limits are, how decision-making is justified and
validated, what functions as proof (pattern matching, sign/image-based) and
it is this same approach that extends into distributed technology systems,
as the all-seeing eye of surveillance, the hidden identity that observes
wrongly and seeks advantage through these same means, though here wetware
where does the secure code begin and end. where does the insecure code
begin and end. where does the corruption exist and extend from. it is thus
the idea that truth is the basis for this evaluation of security, and lies
are what allow insecurity in this context. if you run secure code on your
machinery, if that is the goal, so too the self, or it could be in error
sanaam, galangal, staranise

@_date: 2013-10-14 19:08:52
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: clarification re: [20] 
quoth me-self:
so what if everyone exists in 'some truth' or partial truth, and this is a
abstract point requiring clarification: "truth in itself" is proposed true
when removed of any known errors, contingently absolute (100%) yet when
represented in frameworks of signs, there can be variability due to this
embedded or nested condition where truth is being referenced or carried
within or by the signage- thus a [sign] for truth, meant to represent it is
not this actual truth, it is a conduit or circuit to it, yet may have other
characteristics or boundaries as a sign- there may be relativistic aspects
involved whereby the word [truth] does not equate with truth universally,
given perspective and limits and literacy or its variability in a context
of language- whatever is true about truth would be represented in other
sign-based translations of this concept of truth, only the specific
english-version...  (perhaps this is not enough to clarify the many issues
involved though they have been addressed elsewhere, where this condition of
partial truth is refined into empirical truth, though it occurs
conceptually, not just as a sign that represents the concept- and thus, the
sign of truth given the observation could be a binary observation of only
some part of it, yet equated with it, via its [word] for instance)...
     [truth]
     [لجنة تقصي الحقائق]
     [истината]
     [veritat]
     [真相]
     [αλήθεια]
     [האמת]
     [真実]
     [진실]
     [حقیقت]
     [pravda]
     [ความจริง]
     [Gerçek şu ki]
     [Істина]
     [سچائی]
     [sự thật]
...it is thus proposed that the fidelity with absolute truth is not a
default condition of reading/writing such signs, and instead is minimal
with regard to actual grounded truth, bound by the observer and shared
observation, in whatever dimensions may exist, which can be arbitrary and
minimal in comparison to what the situation actually involves, and that to
get at that depth and breadth requires N-dimensional panoptic modeling of
various perspectives of pseudo-truth, methodologically evaluated and
removed of known errors and running as a working hypothesis of reality,
versus a default belief that observations in and of themselves are accurate
simply by processing reality in particular frameworks and sharing
experience... this can be empirically ungrounded, reliant on limits or
errors, relativistic and must be accounted for to validate the modeling,
yet linear language itself does not allow this, which is why modeling and
diagrams are necessary, to stop the flow of time to delve into the concepts
and evaluate their accuracy in terms of structures and frameworks and
dimensions and dynamics, versus assuming a non-existent common
understanding validates 'beliefs' when they are shared yet these
observations do not inherently ground into the same structures, such that a
[concept] could be interpreted multiple ways via its superposition, thus
the issue of representation in terms of its variability, the instability of
language, perhaps best noted by the error or typo which breaks the illusion
of perfect transmission of theorized truth that does not actually exist
beyond the observer in a limited framework, beyond external accounting.
language itself is rigged, a game. it does not map to truth by default. it
is corrupted, an image-based pattern-matching exercise that covers truth
and replaces it by hollowing it out. it is surface-level evaluation, allows
and requires this, unless logic cracks it open and demands truth be
accounted for in these statements. otherwise it is friction-free ideology,
believe what you will, find others, create your own perspective, etc. truth
is underneath or accessed by this insofar as it is accurately referenced,
yet it is almost tangential to the language, to the description needed to
recreate the world through a constant requirement of story telling and
context in order to say anything beyond the shared limited boundary, which
is inherently tedious and inefficient and ineffective. in this way also,
millions of lines of code and issues of how 'truth' of data is parsed,
based on how it is represented in terms of signs, concepts, patterns,
relational dynamics.
not sure unicode-8 will render various signage, thus attachment included...

@_date: 2013-10-15 16:28:42
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: clarification re: [20] 
More important question is: can you pronounce ... all [signs of truth]? And
interesting considerations. interpretation slightly varying on multiple
meanings for pronounce, saying vs. declaring.
instead of copying the examples again, an ironic or emblematic
representation of "truth" as a sign of truth ["truth"], self-conscious in
its structural connection to all other signs as a concept, then could
evaluate any sign, though also all signage standing-in for this concept, in
terms of the larger integrated evaluation and its accounting...
(unbelievable perhaps though am not trying to be abstract). such that:
     ["truth"] --->  A=A (1)
in this way, any language with a sign representing truth could likewise be
grounded in 1=1 evaluation (this perhaps more universal as number though as
language (A) more insightful in terms of signage). e.g:
     [αλήθεια] --->  1 (T)
     [真実] --->  1 (T)
     [ความจริง] --->  1 (T)
that is, all various 'signage of truth' would be grounded in an empirical
evaluation of truth (such as A=A) whereby the absolute truth (1) would be
referenced as a basis for determining truth (T), noting that my notation
here is arbitrary and shifting, trying to describe it. thus if 'observation
of truth' is grounded, it would tend towards 1, whereas if based on
pseudo-truth and errored relativistic beliefs, where truth is minor and set
within prevailing uncorrected falsity, this ungrounded observation could
tend towards falsity instead (0), even while it references the same 'sign
of truth', the sign believed to automatically verify an inaccurate
'absolute condition' via reading/writing its sign. in other words, the
reference to the word ["truth"] is deemed the totality of accounting for
truth of an observation, via 'true belief' that is not accounted for beyond
the sign and binary onesided evaluations that assume the error-reliant
observer is infallible; corrupt POV.
     [αλήθεια] --->  pT (0)
     [真実] --->  pT (0)
     [ความจริง] --->  pT (0)
in this way -ungrounded observations- which simply reference the 'sign of
truth' could, in their reliance on relativistic frameworks not checked
against other empirical observations beyond their given protected boundary
or parameters, then have their viewpoint carry only a minor truth (say 1%
grounded truth amidst reliance on much larger falsity) yet in binary terms
be assumed 'absolutely true' (1) which is what ideology affords- a
protected boundary that edits truth to fit a given model, yet the more this
occurs, the less real it becomes as a viewpoint of the world outside this
bubble condition.
in other words, grounded error-corrected observation of empirical truth
tends towards 1, ungrounded error-reliant and uncorrected observation of
relativistic pseudo-truth tends towards 0 (though can assume to equate with
1 via binary ideology) -- such that both these observers could reference
the same sign of truth ["truth"] and yet one observer could be situated in
an accurate and realistic empirical model and the other in a virtual,
warped, twisted and surreal model that is largely a false perspective,
false consciousness, etc.
     relativistic pT (0)  <---  ["truth"]  --->  (1) empirical truth
and that everyday language in linear exchanges, not referencing a common
model of truth and verifying accuracy of observations, of claims and
statements and beliefs, actually by default tends towards falsity (0) and
nothingness, in terms of empirical awareness. instead >nothingness< is that
is shared as the common viewpoint. truth having been removed from the
center of cultural knowledge and awareness via relativism and binary
ideology. so basically everything exists in this far-left scenario (above)
by default, to even include mathematics (psychology of mathematicians, the
basis for their analyses in terms of logical reasoning, errors of
observers), coding, programming, communication, language, economics, and
onward to everything. it is all ungrounded belief, to greater/lesser
extents, unless subsets of empirical truth have been achieved otherwise -
yet not at the scale of existing government, the state, else people would
be able to deal with the situations that exist instead of silence,
passivity, and incapacity to question and work-through what is going on,
though there is also active hostility to exactly such _behavior, so the
animal trainers make sure humans remain the apes
so grounded and ungrounded observations influence and effect whether a sign
maps into structures of empirical truth or relativistic falsity, and this
relates to parameters, boundaries, dimensions evaluated, and the internal
processing of the observer, externalized, as a decision-making entity that
then interacts with others and various tools, using this operating system
or ruleset for guidance, navigation
i keep thinking of the Voyager spacecraft gold-record in this regard, the
challenges of interpretation this situation involves, especially the
further it gets outside of a shared framework- which is how the
universality of numbers seem to establish the basic for language outside
the variability of signs, assumably recognizable beyond a given threshold
of development, say for space-venturing civilizations
THE GOLDEN RECORD
it would be pretty hilarious if the aliens could not figure out what the
various symbolic language was meant to equate with due to some hidden
relativistic bias and get future feedback on such an inherent limit in
existing approaches to communication. such that a gap may exist between
what is communicated and what is believed communicated.
the larger issue involved in the grounding of truth within signs, including
the 'signs of truth' that seek to represent it as a concept, is that it is
a general condition of linear language that repeats itself endlessly,
[such] [that] [every] [word] [and] [idea] [exist] [in] [this] [shared]
[existential] [condition] and rely on particular interpretation, to
~account for the truth, however perceived and subsequently evaluated.
thus your question of the limits to seeing, saying, conveying this truth,
what if there is a boundary and it seems the default condition, that such a
boundary exists, perhaps even an extreme limit upon observation of the
truth as it exists, versus as it is perceived and-or believed to exist in
contingent modeling used in day-to-day existence, trapped within a style of
language, styles of knowing, ways of being that could be established via
these same parameters and boundaries as a structure, the basis for given
observations, specific contexts that make each observer unique (the
relativistic context) which can be an asset if grounded and integrated into
other views of the same events, versus blocking them out, censoring reality
to fit a given parameter that itself may only be partially accurate, etc.
in this way the reference to ["truth"] is not only how this concept is
referenced by each individual observer (or ignored by computers via their
modeling of signs instead as if truth), it is also how this
conceptualization exists as an infrastructure within all other signs and
symbols and events, as these are calculated, processed, accounted for
within observational frameworks. in other words a substructure of this
truth, within each and every sign and their combination and permutations
resulting in various arrangements of meaning, this in a perspectival
(relative->empirical) framework akin to geometric modeling (Plato:
Timaeus), such as the nesting of platonic solids or The Architecture of
Molecules, though "forms" are ideas, commonly referenced via various
viewpoints (facets) and ~dimensions, to model and accurately account for,
if not determine, things-in-themselves as concepts map into the world and
are repeated and transformed
in this way, the [sign] is like the facade of a billboard, a large outdoor
wood and metal canvas used for graphic advertisement, mainly for automobile
transportation- getting eyeballs to track to the available marketable space
between the world of civilization and the empty sky. what is relevant about
this [signage] is that the sign itself is held up by a hidden armature that
is in the background, while the message is in the foreground. and yet this
hidden armature is its physicality, its basis for how it is positioned in
space-time and also literally its grounding in the material world, such
that a lightning strike on the armature would be sent back into earth via
ground wire if atop a building otherwise constructed in the ground as a
self-contained billboard, i.e. the various typology of how buildings can
in this context of the [billboard], as with any sign, its [truth] may be
equated with the signage itself, as a surface-level evaluation and thus
interpretation not extended beyond this parameter to account for its
existence. thus the image or sign may equate with its truth. yet to
understand the billboard signage in depth would require understanding
something about advertising and real estate, marketing, semiotics perhaps,
psychology, economics, whatever themes or industries or business models may
be referenced, icons, as these relate to how someone perceives this
signage, pattern-matches their dimensional awareness into or onto that
framework of the [sign], and thus how 'truth' is determined or grounded, in
what context, how much it relies on assumptions in pT or goes beyond these,
as this relates to boundaries and parameters and thresholds of observers
and knowledge and beliefs. the larger truth, in other words, may exist
outside the literal frame of the [sign], its "truth" may go into the hidden
armature, here an analogy and-or metaphor, that structures and creates the
informational model that is being mediated, evaluated, parsed, ~computed
and processed via observers in such a sign-based relation, that as a medium
may actually involve connecting two remote observers in a hidden or delayed
mode of exchange, symbolic or otherwise (economic, political, social,
cultural, informational), including demographic, statistical, ideological,
biased, to the point that pavlovian or skinnerian techniques of salivation
may be the basis for processing, more than deep intellectual consideration
so if it is possible to withstand further investigation into this, it would
then be to consider [signs] of language in these terms, whereby their
"truth" may exist as this hidden armature that connects into these other
hidden yet interconnected dimensions, a substructure or infrastructure of
signage or a substructural level of language and-or patterning, and that
this is essentially the scaffolding of structure that relates to 'logical
reasoning' that connects various ideas and concepts in their 'shared truth'
beyond given boundaries that may or may not be accounted for within a given
observation. the truth of the [sign] could be interpreted just as its
image, yet its "truth" as a ["sign"] involves more than a pattern-match
with a preconceived notion that is unaccounted for in its empirical
existence, by default. that would require getting into its armature, its
meaning yet also its modeling and *conceptualization*, which is necessarily
empirical in that the nature of perspective allows an N-dimensional
observation, via shared observation, panoptic seemingly, to evaluate every
facet and angle and vertex in its accuracy (A=A) and thus get to the
thing-in-itself versus remaining trapped in a false perspective of things
as they are perceived as [signs], never going beyond the boundary to get at
the truth that validates them as ["signs"] in terms of ideas, and this is
proposed to be requiring nonlinear modeling, stopping this linear feed of
endless unique perspective, to reference the same event or situation (x)
via various grounded perspectives, than create new unconnected
perspectives, 'reinventing the sign' each time it is observed or referenced
(x..n) (else perhaps x^n) (unsure how to denote this at the moment)
so there is a correlation between this condition, where [signs] are not
similarly referenced, and existing technology: HTML or hypertext markup
language. the Project Xanadu approach Ted Nelson invented was not followed.
[0] if understanding correctly, it was a common reference for each sign,
such that each word would be referenced to a centralized model, a single
concept, such that typing this would involve an invisible armature that
would map back towards a central model of the same information, as if a
weaving of data outward from the core. each [sign] would reference an
original, as with Plato and original forms, versus copies and copies of
copies (ideology). thus the inherent structure of language would be part of
the information modeling, online. the entire internet would be organizable
as content this way, if these concepts could then be the basis for modeling
and categorizing and relating to ideas, and communicating. or so that is
the potential for such an approach. instead, every [sign] remains as a
[sign], yet does not reference a common, accountable ["sign"] that can be
used to account for its truth, as an idea and concept. friction-free and
free-floating, language untethered from its accounting in truth, as if the
[word] in and of itself is truth, versus referencing it, a representation
that provides a pathway that grounds with reality
in this way, the programming conventions themselves can become limits to
observation and perception and relation to information and data modeling
that becomes surface-based, shallow or hollowed out in terms of issues of
representation, what is accounted for and what exists and can be exploited
in terms of belief. and by default, it is proposed, due to this lack of
accounting for the scaffolding and hidden armature that empirical truth
involves, the relativistic approach instead takes over and exists in an
ungrounded condition at this superficial level of bounded, limited, finite
interpretation trapped within dynamics mostly defined by psychology of
observers who, most, are reliant on biased and onesided binary evaluations
by default, and entire populations are trained this way, in terms of what
they see and how they convey this, what is sayable versus requiring self or
other censorship-- and at the core is fear of ideas, fear of truth, the
fear that losing these protective parameters will result in loss of self,
loss of ego (yes), loss of infallibility (yes), loss of certitude (yes),
and thus it is a different worldview, like Copernican and Galilean, though
it involves fundamental gains: grounding, neutralizing bias, clarity of
observation, access to truth beyond arbitrary boundaries, the capacity to
reason, realization of service to truth as beneficent, etc. though instead,
as if brainwashed by the ideological nanny-state, the fear of unfettered
truth: we cannot handle the truth, therefore... the false perspective and
its bliss. draw within the lines. everything will be ok. just take your
pills. pre-order your casket...
[0]  Project Xanadu - Ted Nelson
 (reference test for wordwrap) - 78 character monospaced Courier New font
 XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX
 XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX
izod-lacoste, vans, sexwax
∄ ‱ ∃

@_date: 2013-10-15 21:25:02
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: clarification re: [20] ii 
apologies for delving deeper, it is a fascinating area to consider the
dynamics involved at this threshold or juncture, because interpretation and
relations can be defined and changed by the above mentioned criteria. thus
how is the information modeled, in what dimensions, concepts, and
what might the word [истината] mean if the language is not known, and thus
cannot be deciphered, decoded, or decrypted. might it operate on a visual
level, like a rorschach test, via whatever is recognized, or is it instead
ignored as a failed pattern match and thus upholds a boundary or perimeter
between known and unknown, like and unlike.
could it be possible to utilize these dynamics in other ways, such that
graphic elements of dε|cθи-şλวực+相ή could be utilized across conventional
boundaries and perhaps unlock other interpretative or structural layers,
via ambiguity or alternative readings of the potentials involved with
superposition of intrasign characters
another way to consider this is that until now the [sign] has functioned as
a whole concept, yet what if each letter was considered in its variability
in terms of its potential  meanings. such that |e|a|c|h| letter
could have variability, as demonstrated in HIOX dynamics, e.g. |a|e|n|y|.
in terms of superposition of a given letter, how this ambiguity could shift
meaning: |v|iew -> |c|iew, in phonetic terms (view, cue). in this context
of superposition of variables and their n-potential, i like the comparison
to juggling, as to what interpretation or pattern exists in a given
viewpoint or contingent framework, yet that can be swapped out or evaluated
in other patterning, as this relates to numerous available or unknown
interpretations. inter-sign, yet also infra- and intra-sign. as these views
could be grounded in some conceptual or methodological framework. for
instance as cipher systems or whatnot.
does the meaning of the word [nest] change with a variable character, such
that |n|est could become ήest. perhaps suddenly the out-of-bounds extra
information accessed via this new juxtaposition opens meaning, such that
jest appears as a partial variable, as if a spread of an orbital cloud of
electrons over their domain. another example: hat & hật, beyond
pronunciation, graphically that the additional caret symbol (^) could be
read as 'top hat' via symbolic processing, in some interpretative,
arbitrary framework based on what is referenced and how, in what terms.
graphically, outside the conventional language boundary, it could still be
functional as graphic language or data in this way
the issue then of subsign meaning as this relates to subtext and issues of
bounded interpretation, where the lines are drawn- via what parameters of
literacy. perhaps in this way 'not knowing' can open up potential readings,
as if approaching a rosetta stone of meta-language. and yet keyboards are
formatted in a particular way that prohibits and forbids this as a
practice. though ascii emoticons and icons (say in instagram or other
social media trinket-based visual feedback) are of this same nature, some
repurposed for graphical use, to communicate and allow such symbolic
communication and processing, relations and exchange in a perhaps similar
realm of communication.
i was going to be writing about this soon, typography and geometry, so will
save the larger evaluation for that conveyance.
there are examples of this same interpretative superposition within
language that i wanted to share, to clarify the point and its use within
culture. one is quite bleak, so the good things first...
Olek example
note: this could be evaluated in terms of a billboard and external
armature, outside the frame of the [sign]. yet instead to focus just on the
superposition of letters in the text within the boundary of the frame...
what is the [word] in the frame?         eel,  ed,    how do each of these potential meanings change the relation between the
observer, the self evaluating the event, and the surrounding context within
the image. how does the meaning shift as the combined signs tabulate into
different frameworks of reference. how does the circuitry transform.
also, conceptualization of the situation itself, what if the frame is a
magic device that shows someones hidden thoughts, as if a decrypting
device, and that this is what the artist is potentially conveying, in terms
of deep aesthetic insight and questioning.
an attempt at approximating and mapping this superposition:
     # [c|GG|66|G|f|B] [o|e|e|oa|oo|ee|ed|od] [l|d|f]
now you could go a long way with this, into what it potentially means. one
interpretation could be 'bod' as it relates to body, where a face is
unseen, and how the body of a female may not actually be grounded to an
female-born entity, and could be a male in drag for instance. thus
questions of [woman] and [man] as this may involve signage, versus
grounding of the meaning of these words beyond a partial evaluation. such
that superficially [man] could equate with driving a truck and drinking
beers and having a dog, the image matching and pattern recognition of this.
such that a [person] who is male, on a motorcycle who wears a leather
jacket is automatically a man, while perhaps being completely subservient
to a machine worldview and submitting to its values, no fight left in the
person. yet perhaps costumed as if a rebel or somehow radical, etc, as
signs may become props and so on. lots of not-tough-guys taking on the
superficial appearance, ungrounded, as if roles. lots of females who in
certain dimensions appear female yet are not. just like having ungrounded
political analysis, such as ["republicans"] whose ideology actually maps to
the far-left in terms of worldview and values. the image of the sign can be
grounded in more than one way, given its hidden armature. how much is
encrypted in boundaries that are not understood in the depths this way, or
how much of knowledge and intelligence exists in being able to evaluate
these situations accurately, learn, become literate of the issues and
dimensions involved
music is especially involved in this variability of language dynamic.
listen to some song that you are trying to figure out the lyrics for, only
to realize that someone wrote a different word in the lyrics than what you
hear in the song- and yet it possibly ~could be misinterpreted or forced
into that interpretation, or could be stretch there, yet it may also be
mismatched, inauthentic, yet provide other meaning. i would say this
variance is occurring in 50% or greater of the lyrics i have referenced, if
not a higher percentage.
(there are some artists who are adept at exploring these issues with
language and meaning, and they are differentiated from others by their
extreme aesthetic awareness, that aesthetics are a condition of their life
values and consciousness, a higher level of awareness than is ordinary.
Olek is certainly one of these rare birds, and others exist across various
disciplines likewise, though i think they are actually the exception, it is
natural talent born of intuitive understanding versus contrived and born of
Santigold is another wild one... consider the lyrics to this song...
Santigold - Rock This
cf. Rock This [shi-t|p], we [vicious|bitches], [fat|bad] bitches
Santigold - The Keepers // aesthetics, boundaries, interpretation...
Santigold - Disparate Youth // masterful symbolism...
In relation to language techniques, in a 60 minutes Eminem discussed his
2010 Eminem 60 Minutes Interview // video
he confirms it involves 'bending the word' via its annunciation (5:04m),
which can map into superposition of interpretation- how a subsign unit is
~processed or parsed as data. thus a word like [data] could be
reinterpreted if d was the condition, and spoken as [dota], for
instance, this being my example. though it could inflect or spin or process
and rewire meaning, sending it to different or multiple circuitry,
especially in a looping condition of continual evaluation. thus, insight
into consciousness, observation, relation itself as experience is tested
against an empirical model, refined, error-checked and corrected, expanded
beyond given parameters and boundaries, etc.
thus the potential that each [l|e|t|t|e|r] in each word or concept or
[s|i|g|n] or even their combination or relation, could shift or
_recontextualize meaning via variability that leads to parallel structures
of interpretation, different mappings and circuitry or co-existing
frameworks, latent and hidden, overt and otherwise, perhaps even encrypted,
[signs] as sarcophagi, the bones these entombed structures, of past lives
revealed. thus what if every [sign] has other potential meaning buried
within it as a potential, in that there could be some other dimensionality
not accounted for yet accessible, say through a typoraphic error, and how
that recontextualized and rewires meaning, say if a missing 'j' is
revealed, or double jj, as r and g could structurally relate via a missing
puzzle piece, though other evaluations are likewise possible. thus, rabbit
holes into labyrinths, this
there is a last example that is extremely disturbing and it gets to the
subliminal use of these techniques. a local television commercial, likely
non-profit, has lyrics to a song or jingle that have a very menacing double
meaning. that context is forgotten is not particularly helpful either,
though in general the commercial is of a 'helping nature' and about caring,
etc. so when it sings, if remembering correctly: "wake the sun" or "wake
the son", as this is repeated, it sounds very much like "rape the son, rape
the son, rape the son". and this stuff is going on all the time in terms of
semiotics and symbology. so what if that is a coded or programmed message
that is formatting the behavior of someone via broadcasting an encrypted or
encoded message and that their interpretation could find authority-based
validation, ideological confirmation this way. well, without empirical
truth no one could argue this is happening- it is all subjective and to
consider this a person would have to be sick in the mind, etc, as plausible
deniability goes. and yet these types of activities are everywhere,
violence against women, subversion of principles and values, hatred,
discrimination, contempt, anti-[religious] messaging, etc. the binary
biasing allows this to proceed apace, as if subconscious, and if it cannot
be named or grounded, rationalized in a sane worldview, it is madness to
even speak about it or observe it because no one else will likely confirm
it and then will say it does not exist, it is just imaginary, etc. this is
what [signs] allow, in their surface manipulations.
the boundary or limit or threshold of interpretation, the issue of pattern
matching, then involves very deep and potentially disturbing correlations
that are exploited and hacked and influence interpretations. yet likewise,
if relating on this level, observing it, trying to deal with the reality,
an enforcer of relativism could 'fix' the interpretation to a given limited
boundary if the viewpoint is unfavored, via diagnosing mental illness and
proscribing psychiatric treatment and corrective pills that numb the mind
so that it receives such information uncritically, comfortably numb,
xanaxed or otherwise. so there is danger to 'unshared interpretation' that
is ungrounded, because it may be real madness though also 'unshared
interpretation' that is grounded though unfavored, which calls for remedial
action by those upholding the false perspective and managing rogue state
this is why logic is needed to deal with these ambiguities, otherwise it is
opinions in pseudo-truth reliant on false assumptions and frameworks by
default, cherry-picking data to support views, ignoring others via binary
ideology. and thus ungrounded binary evaluation in terms of "beliefs" based
within consensus superficial language where signs are equated with truth,
as *theorized*, versus grounded (1/N/0) logical evaluation based in
empirical modeling of many simultaneous, parallel observers of the same
event from its various angles, facets, structures, and dimensions, to error
check and correct and improve upon the hypothesis.
(i.e. how are claims of truth accounted for, as this relates to
so one of the structural issues is- what is the unit of measure for the
sign itself. especially if it can be recontextualized. is the letter the
unit, such that a [w|o|r|d] can be made particulate, atomized. perhaps, in
part. though the examples above show that pronunciation or combinations or
fusing or ambiguity or overlapping of cursive or script can blur this
boundary as well, as if particle clouds and probabilities, or wave
functions that can be temporarily established then collapse again into the
surrounding ambiguity. so what if this could be expanded or unlocked, and
the unit of measure could be intra- or infra- or inter-letter, or likewise
-alphanumeric symbol or sign. that could recontextualize and provide
different structuring, perhaps even overcoding or transcoding or paracoding
texts in some way that allows multiple readings, possibilities, parallel
thus, a question of what a unit of the subtextual may be. and how this
could relate to fonts and typography, functioning of keyboards as dumb
peripherals where the existing assumptions and conventions lock-in a
particular perspective that instead could be opened up- if someone is
really willing to break all the rules, crack the code, etc. then language
may not be delineated in the same parameters, as there could be 20 letters
'A' to choose from, etc. and their could be a range of meaning, especially
when combined with other letters. and thus a new form of symbolic language
could develop that is akin to code, in some sense. though this could go
much further than a superficial reading of [signs] as fancified text, as if
another font style, and involves access to structures of truth, different
awareness, conceptualization, perspective. paradigm shiftkey.
⊺⧢s⟘ ⋋ëst t∈s⨁
(another reference test for wordwrap) - 77 character monospaced Courier New
XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX

@_date: 2013-10-17 16:15:17
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [12] cryptologic processing 
when cryptography is removed from a computer-only context, the boundaries
in which it could be modeled to function within would expand into a wider
realm of considerations that otherwise may never be questioned, and thus
exist limited in that computational domain, confined in a given threshold
of interpretation. thus, to exit the ideological constraint of 'knowing' a
particular approach, and then eventually to reenter the computer context
with perhaps a wider range of consideration for what might be possible...
i think one of the most evident assumptions about computer cryptography as
it exists is the role of mathematics (if not algebraic,) in defining the
model if not paradigm for computer encryption. this could be a false view
due to a naive outsider observer of these technological events, though it
allows consideration of the involved issues nonetheless, however accurate.
the case has been made that [signs] are used in language and mathematics,
and that this is the basis for code that is used to program software, and
it is tied into equations, algorithms of mathematics yet also software that
models a cryptographic process, to encrypt and decrypt information. and so
it has been questioned - how are these signs themselves modeled in terms of
their truth, or has this not occurred and potentially ungrounded 'data' and
beliefs are the default, as this relates to language, observation, and
relations that are the basis for this cryptographic exchange.
thus a question of [code] could be removed from consideration of the truth
of the symbols and signs used in these interactions, their foundation, if
they are actually accounted for in their truth, grounded or ungrounded, as
this relates to issues of security, secrecy, privacy, and so on. and so a
default condition seemingly exists, where this code itself, programming,
and software/hardware solutions could potentially be ungrounded, if they
are operating within frameworks and context of partial-truth (pT), versus a
model that is empirical grounded, not just in terms of the mathematics as
1=1, further on to account for 1=truth. which seems to be missing in all
such equations, as representations can be detached from their accounting.
and so the bulletproof ideology could exist that mathematics equals strong
code, on the basis of 'belief in mathematics' that could tend towards the
ideological. yet in this way, functions beyond proof and other dynamics may
rely on a theorized capacity and theorized security framework that itself
is the weakness, as pT=/T, as this structuralizes a basis for exploitation.
     [code] ---> mathematics
so it is to question a prevailing condition or potential assumption that
the simple act of representing reality can be equated with reality itself
as a belief system, that becomes faith based, or based on personal trust
issues as a security model. the more esoteric the mathematic equations or
code, perhaps the more secure, if it were not involving rigor, though that
appears opposite the nature of the discipline or its practicioners and
developers, in that a community overviews and oversees development of the
crypto and its security and integrity is also a basis for their own.
     [code] ---> mathematics  == security
so a presumption could exist that the involvement or role of mathematics in
cryptography is how it establishes its security. and this text is to call
this fundamental or foundational notion into question. is it really true?
another way of evaluating this condition is that 1=1 would be the basis for
establishing security. and mathematically it could represent 'truth' via
this correspondence or pattern matching of [signs].
and yet in an ungrounded condition, pattern matching of [sign]=[sign] can
equate with 'truth' via its representation, yet not its actuality beyond
the signage itself, thereby [1]=[1] could remain variable and only in a
context of pseudo-truth by default. if ["sign"] is not accounted for in a
shared empirical model. it is just language then, communication at a given
surface-level interpretation. there is the missing dimension of philosophy
that validates the truth it potentially involves. it is not just about
signs -- their truth must accounted for beyond this immediate level of
calculation. it involves and requires more consideration and evaluation.
     [code] ---> mathematics  != security
in other words it is to propose that 'truth' is not by default within the
signs used to represent a situation, because they can be ungrounded and
function as if literature - describing a situation, though it involves
variability by default. an issue of relativistic observation and how the
data that is modeled is accounted for, removed of error or reliant upon it,
and thus the gap between what is real and what is represented is at issue.
it would seem to involve 'pattern matching' as a concept, the basis for the
ability to establish 1=1 correlations in terms of number and its processing
via symbols and other signs that map into the world and manipulate these
relations and frameworks. and thus as stated, this A=A consideration is of
the domain of establishing truth via logical reasoning, and thus a realm of
thinking about concepts and ideas is involved, underneath the establishing
of these mathematical models and processes. the ideas involved in these
relations, as they become formalized. there is incoherence at this level,
as currently the ideology of binarism make this connection an issue of
shared belief in an approach, versus its truth beyond a given boundary.
     [code] ---> mathematics (concepts)
so it is to question what is going on at a more fundamental, foundational
level prior to this cryptographic modeling of information, such that What
If the concepts themselves are ungrounded in some way, such that variables
or representative signs or equations may not be by default /empirical/ and
instead could exist in domains of relativistic skew, distortion, and bias
in hidden ways that could also be exploited or subverted. thus while the
[signs] may be operational, are they actually grounded in truth or some
belief system that equates with truth, because it is assumed to exist in
the signage and not beyond it. in the manipulations not what is referenced.
     [code] ---> mathematics ('concepts')
thus to consider the deeper truth involved in such conceptualization, and
this relates number to letter in terms of its use as signage, as both of
these can function as language systems that are in ways integrated, yet
assumed to be differentiated at the level of mathematics and, say, writing
a novel or short-story fiction as this is believed different than novel
algorithms and exploratory equations and theoretical proofs. what if the
mathematical viewpoint is ungrounded or relativistic, for instance, or that
the literature could be more objective than equations filled with numbers
ultimately, the mathesis involved appears to not differentiate a model of
empirical truth in terms of A=A equivalence, from either math or language
in that both could be evaluated in this same context from the beginning. a
shared modeling in other words, potentially. so the alphanumeric code could
be integrated at a substructural level to the [signage] that differentiates
the mathematic and linguistic, yet this could also be a false perspective
or inaccurate belief and mistaken assumption- perhaps they are one system
so where this is going is to consider a particular existing viewpoint and
interpretative framework for crypto, especially as defined by computers and
peripherals, that establishes a fixed idea about what it is and involves
and yet may involve these hidden boundaries that are also warped or biased
towards certain interactions or investigations and can disallow others
    [code] ---> mathematics (algebra)
an example is if considering a given approach to crypto involves algebraic
functions as a paradigm as this relates to computation. this approach then
becomes the context for evaluation and mediation of representative [signs]
that may also be bounded in their interpretation in this way, due to the
delineation between mathematical and linguistic data. the "algebra" may
only be conceptualized and believed to function at the unit of [signs] and
their manipulation as signs, and not involve algebraic computations within
the [signage] itself, potentially, in terms of subsign units.
this is to attempt to convey that a boundary condition could be upheld that
views and models language as inviolable in terms of certain existing rules
such that a [word] is viewed as a unit, and not considered in its inherent
variability in terms of this same potential algebraic functioning. in that
the math is the math and the language is the linguistics, and the math is
doing things to the language based on particular established relations and
boundaries about what these relations and how they are believed to function
based on convention if not ideological views and understanding. it is very
abstract and perhaps inaccurate as stated here, yet seeks to ask- to what
extent is the information viewed passive, inert, and non-meaningful, as
this relates to its transformation (encryption) and reconstitution
(decryption). where is the boundary for this transmutative relation and
dynamics: is it inherently what mathematics does to language, from an
outside-in approach, such that mathematics acts upon the [signs], or might
it potentially involve accessing an inherent mathematical structure within
language itself, and thus a different boundary or relation could allow the
language itself to be the basis for the algorithms and equations, or to
bridge across these in a different, more integrated and meaningful way.
it makes little sense without visualizing it, yet email flintworks this
era  of devolving infrastructure and tools involve make it difficult to
convey in the given medium, thus limiting what can be easily accurately
shared and in what ways- forcing the perspective for signage, and thus
     [code] ---> mathematics (geometry)
likewise, if cryptographic operations involved a geometric modeling of data
this could also apply to how the content of the encryption scheme then is
evaluated and processed. and again, an issue of boundaries. how are the
[signs] considered in terms of the language or messaging involved. is this
an outside operation of geometry that transforms 'information' which is
measured by units of words and sentence structures and their formatting, or
may it potentially involve more than this, such that beyond this limit, a
subsign geometric structure could exist and be connected to, and become a
basis for this transformational processing. thus the 'truth' of the signs
as these relate in across the conventional line separating mathematics and
linguistics, in terms of a shared patterning that involves both domains.
     [code]  ==  (mathematic & linguistic)
so if considering the issue of boundaries and representation, and how logic
establishes these structures of observation and perception and modeling,
that perhaps code itself, in its truth, involves a more fluid interaction
in these domains than the traditional viewpoint can acknowledge, as this
relates to the concepts involved and how they are approached. for instance
computation or equations or algorithms, how data is processed, encrypted
in terms of pattern matching (A=A), this could span a model of both code as
a mathematic and linguistic structure, given 3-value and N-value logic. in
this way, the [sign] itself could not only have a mathematic operation that
is transforming it from the outside or external boundary, and instead this
processing could occur inside, and consist of its own equations, based upon
inherent calculative dimensions of its symbolic or sign-based linguistic
structuring (as language). in other words, a [word] could have calculative
and computational potential built-into it, in terms of its patterning and
yet if the word is not allowed to be evaluated beyond its whole conception,
the subsign structuring may be by default off-limits or made inaccessible.
this is to include smaller units than the word as sign, to include even
more basically letters, whereby for example the letter [Z] may only be
evaluated in terms of its being 'z' and not its components or ~various
structural relations with other letters, such as S|Z or N/Z or numbers: Z|5
and Z-2. though of course there is more to it than this, because the same
structure can be taken apart and evaluated in its individual components:
-/_ or > and <, etc
     [code] --->  pattern matching
so the idea is that programming itself is based within code and issues of
how it is modeled and how it represents the world, and it is to question if
this is actually truly grounded or based in an ideological belief system.
and so it is assumed there is partial grounding, in some ways, though a
realm of error or a gap exists between what is modeled and what exists
(pT=/T) and this includes the conceptualization of code itself as signage
likewise, the default boundaries of this code could effect how it is both
managed and processed, within what parameters. and thus the heavy reliance
on mathematics as if the basis for this strength, yet the same potential as
a weakness if it too is ungrounded or only partially so, in terms of the
potential for exploits based on these errored notions and beliefs. (A=B)
the cryptographic consideration in this scenario then, of how signs are
processed and conceived of, as units to be transformed by equations, as if
the basis for objectivity, yet not accounting for this in logic itself (T)
beyond the level of the [signage], such that pattern matching of signs is
believed of direct equivalence with truth itself, thus 1=1 is truth, yet
not taking into account what this potentially represents, in its truth
and perhaps this is the issue with language and observation as a context
for the mathematic, and how internal processing of a person is
externalized  and thus ungrounded views and beliefs can be made structural
and equated with [signs] via shared assumptions and viewpoints, that
because they are shared and agreed upon, are themselves believed to be
true. binary logic and ideology are what allows this perception as a
default condition, yet it can be and likely is ungrounded and based within
relativism, automatically, or in other words, occupies a framework in
pseudo-truth that continually is expanded upon via endless viewpoints that
together in their inaction with other such views, even as agreed upon and
confirmed as shared observation, tends towards nothingness (0) as a
perspective instead of towards truth (1)
     [code] ---> (signs/symbols)
thus it is to consider the code in terms of this issue of signage and of
boundaries, as it involves interpretation beyond these, to what they are
referencing, where their truth can be accounted for, in its accuracy as a
model or representation. ungrounded relativism has no need of this extra
step, and in this way mathematics can freely function as if writing..
thus the vital issue of error-checking and correction of code at the level
of signs used to represent ideas and concepts (mathematics, crypto models)
as this exists beyond equations and algorithms and into a realm of ideas,
how truth is evaluated, and the requirement of this in terms of security
all of this to establish and allow a conceptualization that follows, that
considers programming and code for cryptography in what may be perceived as
an off-limits consideration- that of typography.
--- crypto.typologic ---
in the same way that crypto is conceptualized to be related to
mathematics,  it is also proposed typography has connected structural
relevance to this crypto~graphic inquiry
     [crypto] ---> [mathematics]
in other words, in the linguistic context that also establish and define
approaches to cryptologic systems and their cryptographic conventions, it
is to consider the boundaries separating their interactions...
     [crypto] ---> [linguistics]
in other words, what if at the level of representation within code itself
there is a boundary or limit or threshold condition upheld by convention
that is itself arbitrary, a forced perspective even, and that it could be
holding back other options and perspectives for the questioning involved...
for instance, encryption that involves algebraic and geometric operations
and functions, as these may be bound to mathematical transformation of
signage, yet at a certain bounded condition, outside or upon the sign
itself or at its periphery, versus within it, in terms of its subsign
dynamics or subsign meaning
     [crypto] ---> [mathematics] --> [signage]
this approach is essentially to consider the relation between mathematics
and language, in a context of linguistics, whereby a calculus could exist
that bridges the distance between what is traditionally viewed as the
objective (A=A) and the subjective (A=B) as this corresponds with numbers
and letters, here in a context of signs and symbols or various patterning
     [crypto] ---> [math/linguistics] ---> [signage]
what if, for instance, the context for evaluation of data, pre-encryption,
was based in a combined A=A boundary established by *mathesis*, such that
the signs evaluated and transformed had this larger dimensionality involved
in the initial consideration, versus bounding of the linguistic within the
mathematic, potentially, as a set(subset) relation: mathematic(language)
in this way, equations could be limited, skewed, or bounded by a particular
relativistic interpretation that may assume accuracy due to shared views
yet be based upon or rely upon mistaken assumptions while believed true,
even while signs themselves may exist or persist beyond these boundaries
and be accounted for otherwise, yet not evaluated due to being off-limits
     [crypto] ---> [geometry/algebra] ---> [signage]
thus the consideration of signs and collections of signage within crypto
communications and messaging could exist in a calculative context, yet this
could involve both mathematic -and- linguistic computations, by default,
yet in terms of software evaluations may bias a mathematic approach to
establishing equations and algorithms in terms of numbers and not letters
due to convention and an inherited mindset for what parameters exist and
how computation takes place, at the level of pattern recognition of signs
yet not of the underlying truth these signs map to and reference, and in
this disconnection, the potential for a representational short-circuiting
between what is represented and calculated and what is actually real, true.
and thus ungrounded observation and computation, as this leads to relations
and crypto exchange that is insecure by design, versus a model that is
empirically grounded and error-corrected and constant under evaluation in
terms of its truth, including that of its content, the signs it involves
     [crypto] ---> [linguistic] ---> [signage]
it is in this conflicted condition that the linguistic evaluation of signs
can establish a foundation for truth via the de|con-struction of signs into
their more elemental armatures. and this evaluation can occur in terms of
various structures, such as nouns or verbs, or sentence tree diagrams, or
hundreds of other approaches to evaluate how language is structured and how
this maps into meaning and its verification of some perceived truth, though
this could still be at the level of pattern matching of signs, and not of
actual knowledge itself. such that a boundary may exist for mimicry-based
AI versus intuitive computations that are based on a comprehensive model of
grounded empirical knowledge, due to this gap and approach to computation,
say reliance on binary approaches and constraints to force viewpoint, etc
     [crypto] ---> linguistic  (algebraic/geometric)
so all of this background text is required to establish a given framework
to evaluate a pending alternative conceptualization that considers and
recontextualizes cryptology within a computational context of linguistics,
yet potentially in a territory beyond existing perspective that involves
subsign computations that are not mapped into traditional adjective/noun
and other existing models, yet can likewise potentially be interconnected
with them in various structural entanglements, as patterns collide, form,
and mutate based upon relations and dynamics of sign-al processing.
in other words: why not have algebraic and geometric functions and ~various
operations within the signage itself, instead of at a protected boundary
that limits such computation to a realm of numeracy, for instance. why not
run an algorithm that transforms or relates or transforms subsign units,
whether letters or words or sentence or paragraphs or all of these together
(in terms of nested superset-set-subset dynamics), such that the [signage]
is itself transformed, encrypted, versus a secondary wrapper or envelope or
container that "represents" this encryption of plain-text interior content
one approach to this, of a vast innumerable many, would be to evaluate the
typographic condition of code itself, as a basis for what is and what can
be ~programmed, in what terms and parameters, based on how tools function
and how the cryptologic and cryptographic situation is conceptualized...
     [crypto] ---> [typography] ---> [signage]
in other words the geometry of signs themselves, letters as with numbers
(though to focus on only the former as the primary example) have within
their patterning an implicit structure that graphically relates to other
alphanumeric characters, and thus the unit of measure, whether individual
letter or their combination into words, can become a basis for evaluating
these relational dynamics in terms of shared dimensionality, the shared
scaffolding of logic connection that pre-exists other evaluations else
informs it and can provide additional framework to map onto considerations
whereby letters and numbers themselves are entangled in their connectedness
and likeness and unlikeness as patterns, and this is inherently ~variable
such that a letter such as 'y' may relate to the letter 'v' in one context
whereas if rotated may relate to the letter 'h'. this transformation is
inherent in all letters and their combination. such that letters alone may
have properties, though so too words, via ambigrams or other evaluations.
yet the question goes further than this, and into a realm of abstraction
that is perhaps approximate to moving from a question of typography from an
interpretation of fonts and font styles, to that of abstract patterning
that may no longer be legible as a decipherable language, due to the
potential to break apart each letter into subsign units, say a capital
letter L into components: | _
and in this way, how might [code] and geometric calculation exist in such a
transmutational context of alphanumerics that break the model of literacy
or go beyond its existing boundary, into other realms of interpretation.
such that the ascender and descender, mean line, baseline and median, and
arms, spans,bowls, shoulders, counters, and terminals become graphic units
that are potentially computational, if they are standardized and aligned.
and this is what the HIOX model of alphanumerics opens up and allows yet it
could go to a much higher level of resolution given the details of language
and how these sign systems exist across all language, potentially, mapping
into a master symbol that reverse engineers all language in a single view
in this way, from [code] to [mastercode] if not many relativistic codes
into a shared framework of a grounded empirical model that is based within
and references the same evaluation of (paradoxical) truth in its pattern
matching. this is ancient stuff, the ideas involved formatting civilization
The Orphic Trilogy,  Cabaret, GiGi
Π Ω δ

@_date: 2013-10-17 16:25:11
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: please ignore: this is only a test... 
(dealing with list formatting mechanics and rendering issues)
quoted, line-wrap  (y/n)
 (another reference test) - 78 character monospaced Courier New font,
gmail indented, line-wrap  (y/n)
 (another reference test) - 78 character monospaced Courier New font,
quoted to test line wrap
 XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX XX
gmail double quoted line-wrap  (y/n)
 (another reference test) - 78 character monospaced Courier New font,
indented then quoted, line-wrap  (y/n)
 (another reference test) - 78 character monospaced Courier New font,

@_date: 2013-10-17 20:43:01
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: HTML List Abuse (was: "please ignore: this is only a test") 
References: hello. as far as i know, this is not HTML, it is a unicode message.
the way it goes through- the list software attaches an HTML file
after every post, though there is no text formatting of any kind,
other than recognized unicode characters that remain in the text
that last post was because some messages can go longer than 77
characters or make it to the list that way, and i was trying to get 78
so as to send a plain-text chart versus an image attachment, and
this with respect to cryptographic considerations of a matrix array,
as it directly relates to a long history of crypto in these frameworks
again, i do apologize, i tried to append the test to several previous
messages though could not arrive at a solution and did not want
to interfere with an unrelated text by having a massive error.
if everything worked (software, computers, internet, type, gmail)
and it could be figured out, that would be ideal, yet things are not
particularly well suited to these basic communication tasks and
if possible, please filter my posts into the trash and ignore them,
it is entirely understandable, it was not clear if it was my posting
you referred to previously and consecutively, though i am not as
far as is known, sending HTML out from gmail (it does not say,
it just says: plain-text, and then non-plain-text, which is RTF or
HTML) though it arrives on list as plain-text, with unicode, just
as it is sent out, stripped of any HTML. not sure about the list
software settings because i do not even get copies of my posts
even though that is the setting. and it says plain-text as far as
i know, for how to send/receive, and HTML does not make it
onto the list, except very rarely in my short interaction here
if you say 'no attachments' and no special characters and no
html error attachment files (have no idea how to control that),
it leaves a very minimal text-only realm to communicate in
that would not allow any diagrams, any charts or data that
does have relevance to crypto -conceptualization-, ideas.
i just do not understand how it makes people so upset in
terms of the content, fucking cryptologic fundamentals
for fuck'sake. are you really going to go apeshit over a
crypto diagram that introduces a new concept and asks
for it to be evaluated, especially to challenge the ideas
or take other views about it. that is great. though if the
idea is HTML is this critique, that is THE BULLSHIT.
please filter me out of your email stream, problem solved.
then you could stop your recursive bitching and moaning.

@_date: 2013-10-17 22:47:08
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: HTML List Abuse (was: "please ignore: this is only a test") 
References:  <20131018024859.GE2831
 so you're saying the person is reading this
 on a two-line 80s electronic pager then?
Actually, it's gmail that is doing that.  People using pure-text

@_date: 2013-10-18 02:22:37
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [13] typographic processing 
the potential for a linguistic component in models of and approaches to
encryption has been introduced, perhaps beyond the normal boundaries of
consideration as this relates to sign-based relations and dynamics.
the context for this perhaps also correlates with a recent article on
Google and its geometric approach to language translation...
How Google Converted Language Translation Into a Problem of Vector Space
...in that pattern matching has a primary role in establishing structures,
taking note of the algebraic relations of [sign] - [sign] = [sign]
again, it does matter how accurate this representative signage is, in terms
of what it is referencing and in what frameworks. and thus pattern matching
that is ungrounded could tend towards a false perspective, whereas pattern
matching that is grounded could tend towards realism. a boundary condition
exists, and it could like the manual settings on a camera establish how a
situation is viewed, given light, f-stop, and focus and distance, etc
the potential exists for a quadratic equation-like review of data sets in
nonlinear contexts, churning through variables upon variables and searching
out equations. this can happen in terms of numbers and their conceptual
frameworks, like physics or other formulae, though it could also exist at a
more abstract level of pattern matching of various subsign components and
elemental structures.
thus, symbolic processing and symbolic computation could take place in such
a scenario if accurately modeled, the variables conceptually understood. in
their truth this is about the grounding of signage in its truth, and this
evaluation could exist below the level of the word, letter, or even number
or could exist in terms of images and what signs exists within the images,
in terms of their nested and-or dynamic relations. it is perhaps a future
test of such an approach, can a computer interpret a painting in terms of
its content, based on its perspective, or does it only pattern match what
others perceive about it, and thus mimics observation and knowledge. it
would seem the former is an ungrounded evaluation of signs, matching the
sign with the sign for its model of truth, whereas the latter would be a
grounded evaluation of signs, in an empirical model of truth, bounded by
computer observation in that it may not 'like' or love or hate the artwork,
though through diagnostics could statistically pinpoint its location
amongst various mapped qualities of other such works and ideas, and gauge
its like and unlike characteristics, evaluating against a human viewpoint
and while this mapping or correlation could occur between [signs] that are
computationally processed in this way, via geometry, as with language in
the above example-- the question in this instance is what might be possible
if this geometric evaluation broke the barrier of the sign itself, and thus
the geometry of the signage was broken down into its component parts and
evaluate for its dynamic relations, as if DNA of alphanumeric characters
that compose both math and linguistic units and algorithms (equations if
not words, sentences) such that further mapping could take place beyond the
given boundary, and be used computationally and for empirical structuring,
and that this additional data may not relate to the word itself because it
is only partial, as different languages have their own words, perspectives,
though in identifying these structures, could perhaps function as another
level of language that could universalize different characters into a
meta-characters that like QR-codes or some fractal language, exist in a
context of an alphanumeric master code, reverse engineering the context for
an original alphanumeric system (which HIOX is for western civilization)
what if the quadratic pattern matching occurred as an aspect of machine
translation at the level of computation, and perhaps only machine readable
in some layers or levels, that could move into N-dimensional frameworks,
and how this could relate to cryptology and modeling of information in
various ways. it is easy to conjure up What Ifs, though in considering the
impact of transcending given boundaries of data modeling, it does appear to
go beyond the existing conceptualization, into another territory entirely
than what the tools and software and ideology allows to be considered, and
thus interpretation is bounded and limited by a particle fixed viewpoint or
forced perspective that such inquiries are in direct challenge of, as to
what exactly these issues involved consist of, in terms of their truth
and it is this truth of matching patterns and A=A and A=B evaluation and
differentiation, that subsign indicators or components and elements could
be considered to have computational characteristics that could be a realm
for the application of algebraic, geometric, and various calculus-based
approaches to transforming and relating words, structures, ideas, content,
in the very way that cryptographic equations do for the signs themselves,
when _contained inside or within a crypto model, though bound or inviolate
as data itself, which then establishes the "THIS IS SECRET DATA" scenario
that is a strange confession, when everything is to avoid the easy reveal
so these boundaries and the way signs are interpreted effect where the
algebra and geometry and transmutation of data begins and ends, in terms of
what is transformed and how, in what dimensionality, parameters, and
and thus by opening up the sign itself to consideration, in terms of its
patterning and various structuring, its subsign scaffolding and likewise,
the /superposition/ of various shared and unshared elements within its
particular or unique design, as could be empirically modeled and evaluated,
it would then be possible to establish 'many truths' about the sign that is
beyond just its meaning or its pattern match at the macro-level of the sign
and into its range of interconnections and the frameworks it shares with
other concepts and words, including across various language systems and
character sets, as these may be bridged by geometric or other trusswork
perhaps there are new mathematics involved or that this is mathesis in a
realm of signs and symbols that function as an alchemical model that goes
beyond the normal rules for the molecular, conceptual ~forms into other
esoteric dimensions, wild abstractions or unknowns, seeking out or finding
and testing hypotheses to establish what is possible and potential within
the gap, and the distance between conceptualizations in their otherness
the ruin of description here is detached abstraction that is easy to get
lost in and yet it is also necessary to provide context, which in this
moment involves a chasm or void that would be encountered beyond the given
boundary of alphanumeric computation, into a flatland-like extradimensional
realm that perhaps could not be visualized except by a quantum computer,
due it its massive linearity combined with infinite connectivities that
would likely involve change as a variable, or weather systems for the data
that like leaves on a tree move in response, or become wet when it rains,
or fall away in autumn and regrow in spring. so too, conceptualization as
it may be born and be sustained and then, parts decay while others survive,
and so to consider starting such an evaluation, as it may involve a process
that is equivalent with nature to a degree more than the filesystems and
architectures of computers today, seemingly. in that the data model this
involves would be the foundation for a shared empirical model referenced
and observed and contributed to from multiple perspectives simultaneously
and thus an expansiveness that involves bit sets and their permutation,
though also the components of these [bits] as signs, deconstructing the
elements and considering the myriad connectivities of subsign relations and
dynamics, in their linguistic and mathematical importance, which could be
relevant in terms of encryption, translation, data modeling, for instance
--- typology ---
so there is a theme of typography connected to this symbolic processing of
information via computation, and it is proposed this is a model or approach
more like that that humans rely upon for advanced awareness, fundamental
knowledge, and heuristic reasoning, yet is unaccounted for in technology
and tools of today, turning highly literate people into illiterates in the
binary context, for the dissonance that a false perspective brings in terms
of thinking, making it seem irrational in the limited, warped biased view.
so typography has letters and numbers that are represented as signs and
this goes from printing era blocks of type and machinery into the present
day era of electronic pre-press and desktop publishing, from dot matrix to
ink jet, laser printers, page layout tools (Quark Express), vector and
bitmap graphics software (Illustrator, Photoshop) and specific software for
typography (Fontographer, other) -- and this is not Mathematica territory
in terms of the manipulations of signage, as ideas or concepts, it would
seem, and instead upholds a particular boundary or conceptualization of
what type is, what images are, and the meaning of fonts and representation
of words and letters and numbers appears to occupy a narrow interpretation
that is mainly visual, about its geometry and usability for communication,
and enhancing this with stylistic refinements, a range of type expressions
and pretty much none of this relates to what i am attempting to evaluate.
none of it accesses the dimensions, exception perhaps if modeling text
within a 3D program and spinning and mirroring it, yet that is an insane
approach, more of a one-off Kryptos sculpture than a way of exchanging
information. the graphics program 'rotate' and horizontal and vertical
mirroring are another very basic aspect of this, though again it involves
the [sign] or text as an image, to be manipulated at its macroscopic level
and not to allow different dynamics to occur within a given word, whereby
some letters may have one function and others others, as this involves a
larger document of, say, twenty different co-existing variables, changing
the text from one document into another series of parallel perspectives.
typology is not typography, yet it is a vital concept in this situation
because [signs] are essentially sets, and subsign characteristics are the
variabilities nested within the set, in various subset dynamics, 'pattern
recognition all the way down' to zeros and ones.
typology, in the terms i relate to it, is easy to understand in terms of
infrastructure and building types. a TV station is a type of building that
is like a component on a circuit-board. a nuclear power station. gas
station. and these have various programming that is unique and overlaps
with other buildings, such as a home dwelling or school. telephones for
instance or network connections. and likewise, [signs], [words] as they
consist of substructural patterns, including geometric characteristics
though also correspondence with other letters and numbers, as part of this
overlapping of functionality and meaning: 5 and 2, S and Z. it may be seen
as irrelevant in terms of a discrete letter or number, yet within a shared
context it can bring additional meaning or reveal interconnected patterning
that could be useful or applied in a calculative schema. such that data can
be hidden or revealed via such means, potentially, yet appear as noise
otherwise. or only /fragments/ or parts of the characters may appear yet in
their statistical or probabilistic frequency, may tend towards a particular
viewpoint or interpretation versus another, or could remain ambiguous and
hidden, unless having the missing key to know which tumblers to turn, etc
so while typology is not describing fonts or "type" on a computer display,
it has some relevance to typography in its set-theory evaluation, as this
relates to signs and symbols and transformative relations, their potential
alchemical connections, as this perhaps even moves between stereotype and
archetypes, as concepts are removed of grounded truth and copied over and
over, where this truth is replaced by its sign, increasingly ungrounded,
and thus 'vision' and IMAGE replace and stand-in for understanding, and so
too in this way, pattern matching is removed from its logical foundation
(A=A) where this can be about matching signs with themselves as if truth,
yet this is only pseudo (pT) and when standardized, moves towards falsity
as a shared framework, the false perspective at this layer of evaluation
image versus idea, the disconnect between forms of signage and content,
everything foregrounded and the empirical background removed, thus perhaps
an early cosmos condition, from order into chaos, from one view into many
as the limits of an older viewpoint could not withstand and keep up with
the changes, then only now to realize the consequences of lost modeling,
lost grounding, lost conceptualization, lost reasoning, lost communication,
lost sensibility, lost relations, lost truth, lost principles, everything
thus the situation that now exists is basically opposed to evaluating these
ideas due to proscribed boundaries and fixed interpretations, and thus a
lot of writing is necessary to build up a structural framework to share
this other viewpoint within, to seek to describe the situation, model it to
some extent, and offer an alternative approach into another realm which is
seemingly another territory for language, appearing largely unexplored, as
if a hidden potential of or within language, as if it were to be unlocked
and made nonlinear by default of such restructuring, recontextualization,
as this changes perspective, going from unconnected linear viewpoints in
serial progression to massively connected parallelism of shared views
in some sense the 'type' (non-font version, as in typical or repeated unit)
is to consider the various ecology of the sign-ecostem in terms of a
breakdown of these various repeated yet also unique structural relations,
across various classes, categories, and groups that map to meaning though
also to geometric and or other principles. for me Plato's mention of this
knowledge of language when mirrored in water is a form of calculus, and
thus figuring out what sets belong to what characteristics would be to then
group or identify them according to type, function, programmatic qualities,
potential or variable meaning -- yet here is where it is like an orbital
cloud,.. because this involves *potentials* for these set relations, the
dynamics are about superpositions that may be nested within a structure and
not visible immediately else could emerge or hide upon consecutive changes
and thus, there could be a flurry of potentials in any given bit set, both
in itself as a compact sign, such that [dob] which could be 'date of birth'
could transform into [pod] given particular instructions. and what does
that mean or what does that mutative characteristic make possible? well, in
a crypto context, you could hide instructions that reveal that data, and it
could involve several layers based on multiple or single keys that unlock
such a hidden perspective within a text, even while in plain text mode. yet
it could go much further than this, into questions of universal language
and unification of all data in a single model of grounded empirical truth,
as patterns map back to A=A (1) or remain in a realm of ambiguity (A=B)
so again, the questions involved seem to be about the unit of measure,
where is the boundary for considering what a pattern is and what parameters
are evaluated, in what frameworks, dimensionality, conceptual terms. a way
of encapsulating a small aspect would be that the entirety of linguistic
conceptualization could be tied to the scaffolding of language, worldwide,
in this way, via particular approaches to abstraction. and other models
could tie into particular concepts, say [economics] branches out to all
other data sets in various ways, and interconnects in that pattern-based
infrastructural conduit, though in its own dimensionality which may or may
not overlap with hypotheses of other signage. and thus like protocols and
layering, perhaps there is a particular layer this is occurring on, and who
knows, perhaps crypto is its own layer within this model of knowledge, such
that its truth is reflected in how it is represented and modeled as an idea
and that this information shapes the perspective from the ground up- so if
the purpose is protecting or securing communications (truth), how might
this fit into the various contexts that are embattled or under siege or
boundaries need to be created or data needs to be hidden, as this can be
evaluated in terms of truth, firstly, and not applied crypto systems that
may rely upon false perspectives and assumptions of unaccounted variability
that may largely undermine or exploit this purpose or outright prevent it
if you have ungrounded observations, ungrounded mathematics, ungrounded
language, ungrounded communications, ungrounded relations, ungrounded
reasoning, ungrounded beliefs, ungrounded ideas - and then expect that some
software and hardware solution and encryption model is going to deal with
all the security exploits inherent in those, do to protecting [signs] in
their inviolable state, it would be perhaps to limit questioning to a much
smaller set of criteria than what the situation actually exists in, and
thus a false sense of security, knowing, secrecy, privacy, that may rely
more on belief if not ideological compliance, to not destroy the model and
allow it to persist, as if this validates the process, than to rigorously
question the frameworks in their depth beyond issues of representation that
exist in biased and institutionalized agendas, driven toward certain ends.
and while most probably find themselves situated in something preexisting,
and few probably have chosen these parameters from the start, it is very
difficult if not impossible to do anything else, given the fixed idea of
what cryptography involves, if the tools themselves are bounded and limit
what can be considered or evaluated- which is a perspective forced also by
indoctrination into an orthodoxy of patterning, "received ideas" that are
foundational yet flawed, and instead of theory and law should be brought
back into a realm of falsification and hypotheses instead, because perhaps
people are trading in dead and rotten fish, skeletons of previous solutions
that are by now carcasses or firmly established yet potentially ungrounded
in what is actually going on as it is exists, versus as it is believed to
maybe the truth of this is that security is not possible, and not allowed
if there were a dictatorial framework, and thus a limit allows a false
sense of security by going along with the charade. maybe it is purposive to
not allow tools to serve ideas - think: the internet has no model for ideas
and yet is chock full of data and information, yet no conceptualization
that builds upon itself beyond the relation between [signs] as if "search"
is the biggest idea to emerge from 21st civilization. seriously- WTF.
exactly how stupid have we become, the Google billboard hiding yahoo-like
organization of categories no one can access to actually find anything via
structural knowledge. how helpful is that for everyone, actually. how
onesided. is there not some symbiotic relation there, or is it parasitic,
asymmetric, a siphoning occuring for a hidden, protected, privatized agenda
what if the unit of measure is not the [word] and instead the [idea], the
concept. where is the internet or software tools to navigate or explore
those dimensions and dynamics. nowhere you say? exactly. it is absent,
missing information, once the core of culture, now relativism, viewpoints
disjoined from every other, sects of ideology, the interdisciplinary yet
without a shared truth, a structural limit to this being able to happen,
the span needing to go beyond private views and skews, binary onesidedness
and back into truth, back to logic, underneath the skein of civilization,
to question what is beneath this scrim the movie image is projected onto
the nature of reality. yet there is nothing documented in culture or in the
academy or educational system about the existence of electromagnetism in
relation to these events. the paradigm is 300 years outdated, from the
first industrial revolution onward, though moreso than that, if taking into
account metaphysics and cultural beliefs prior to this, when unified and
allowed beyond the confines of a 'public methodology' of science that is as
biased as religion once was to external data beyond the given modeling
so basically it is hopeless, there is no way, populations are illiterate,
relations are animalistic now, like dealing with deranged jungle animals in
terms of 'reasoning ideas', the poison of the snake delivered by pills, or
violence of predator via hidden toxins attacking from every angle instead
unless that is, someone, somewhere else out there also relates to truth as
the primary condition for evaluating events. which is what the internet is
all about, connecting people in their various contexts and perspectives and
building a reality up and out of that shared context, as it may or may not
scale beyond a certain point. and thus the collapse of literate email list
culture into the politics of commercialization as this educational venue
is  socialized and commoditized and turned into a scene of endless groups
and groupies, even the unpopular now have their own support groups online-
everyone is cool and everyone is a celebrity in their own way. egotastic.
who needs TV cameras when there are webcams and the internet, each person a
star in their own movie even, situation comedies, varied lifestyles mapped
into contrasting frameworks - notice ensuing antics, protesters kill off
opponents, latest rape video online, see cannibalism tomorrow, live! how
much of what is engineered into this state of failure is purposeful for the
underlying agenda and politics of subversion and subservience to lesser
views and lesser ideals, brought about by the incapacitation of reason, its
absence in the culture, public debate, virtues, principles, goals, ideals
where is it. it is not at this superficial level of reading, referencing,
repeating, and regurgitating dumb [signs] as if truth itself. it is not
simply the act of communicating information or sharing and storing data. it
involves conceptualization that is accurate, grounded in a larger truth,
and that becomes the basis for shared awareness. consciousness. a modeling
of reality that at its core is based on verisimilitude, *insight*, and a
way of existing, surviving, being, though growing, developing, moving
through the world in a more optimal and purposeful way. and that involves
getting at the concepts in their truth, accessing it, questioning it, and
then having this be the basis for relations, for actions, governance. thus
what if the technology and tools limit this possibility to such an extent
that it is not even possible to communicate, the tools are purposefully
degraded, the equipment made to break and forced to break by attackers, and
thus the very interaction in this truth is in jeopardy via this condition
'the computers' a forced perspective. the software. the processors. the
hardware. what is made and how it is made and thought about. to varying
degrees, mostly JUNK. mostly inadequate. mostly off-course, limiting. to
such a degree as to force incapacitation by the very use of these tools.
programming and reinforcing a captive mindset, subservient to this agenda.
in this way -- breaking the illusion that is sustained, cracking the mirror
that this establishes in civilization, would remap categories and concepts
beyond their existing connections, short-circuiting and rewiring the way
these interactions can and cannot take place, tearing down boundaries and
erecting others that keep unbelievers and those who do not serve 'truth' in
a different contained realm, for they cannot be reasoned with and rely on
lies and manipulations to force dynamics as they exist, and should not be
allowed to continue this practice, a protected boundary must be established
to differentiate those who serve truth and those who exploit it so as to
serve themselves instead. survival of the fittest, finally grounded by
actual capacity versus conformity, actual accounting for value instead of
standardizing high and low capacity to the same bell curve median scale,
though far lower as mimicry and imitation and acting go, pretending to be,
manipulating signs to appear as something yet not do the actual work, etc
accounting is core to truth. without it, enronomics, in whatever theorized
confection it may appear as, resolving all scenarios in a single relativism
that is binarily N=P complete. everything is resolved, solvable this way,
just believe, follow, indoctrinate, be the religion, the brick in the wall
so what if the bricks are de|con-structed, the wall dismantled. the [signs]
accounted for in their truth, what does it involve- what limits exist to
making this new interpretative context a possibility. and it is proposed it
exists going beyond the normal conception of the alphabet, language in its
existing boundaries, and breaking apart the signage, to get at the concepts
and start talking about them in structural terms, of logic and their truth.
and to do this would require stopping the flow of time in sentences and in
reading and writing, and moving to a nonlinear approach, as previously
mentioned in terms of conceptual models as molecules, a diagramming and
testing of ideas and beliefs as hypotheses.
yet to get there, it is necessary to break the IMAGE of the sign, a ruling
illusion about the inviolability of words as if truth itself, inherently.
to shatter the illusion of perfection, especially within language as if a
perfect perspective if unerring, yet not accounting for error in thought
and framework, which is the core failure, this incapacity to reference
truth removed of falsity. so how to get to empirical truth when these same
SIGNS are by default only pseudo-truth, partially or minimally accessing it
in local distributed contexts, and it would seem that overcoding or
under-coding or various other approaches to language beyond existing
boundaries could open up further interpretation via the inherent
a range or cloud of variable meaning, that may be multiple, and could be
written and read this way, potentially, though likely starting off in very
small code-like fragments though building to words or sentences
potentially, another form of language that is based in a grounded
superposition, as if ideograms
so, this is to propose a potential communication capacity exists that could
develop to break the illusion of linear, serial relativism based in binary
ideology, and instead operate within a many-viewed parallel perspective
that has a range of meanings within the [sign] as de|con-structed into
various subsign scaffolding, as it becomes a component of this language.
and from this, so too, hidden communication that could occur by way of a
limited observer where those who do not share the same parameters or logic
would be bounded in what they can interpret, and that this interpretation
would default to an ungrounded or forced rationalization in a biased binary
viewpoint, due to limits upon its meaning, thus perhaps inventing views
that do not exist yet fulfill the limited model. this could be useful in an
illegal surveillence society if the oppressive generates false positives by
their mistaken analyses, skewing models, forcing extreme decision-making
out of line with the actual condition, thus increasing polarization the
side-effect in the unshared evaluation, which can be very telling and
provide an offset by which to distinguish those skewed and hostile from
those aligned in shared modeling of reality. anxiety of the "irrational"
that was a best attempt at a recap of the issues and a setup for a way into
this situation given what exists in typographic and linguistic structuring
of alphabets as [signage]. it should be insanely obvious i am unknowing of
most of what this involves, beyond the given conceptualization, though the
goal here is to tap into ideas that others know about in their depth that
could break this fixed structural condition wide-open across a wide range
of parameters beyond the few exampled here and there in the text. so too,
there are probably many errors in my own observations, so that should be
part of the evaluation, if assumptions or language or conceptualization is
wrong or missing or inaccurate or false. consider it a working hypothesis,
open to additional addition, able to be corrected, improved upon, part of a
larger collaborative model, this just an introduction to be expanded upon
if and as others relate to the concepts. these are ideas, not just my view
is valid or right or correct, so what follows and what precedes are based
on questions and considerations over a long period and this is where it
arrives today, mostly, in terms of making sense of the totality involved.
and thus, from this limited perspective, the way into it, as far as i can
perceive given a particular experience of these issues, is with structural
relations between [signs] themselves at the scale of individual letters
--- importance of ligature ---
a key idea is how to establish geometric relations between signs based on
their visual ordering, which directly involves how they are patterned and
what is like and unlike, over a range of criteria and analyses (phonetic,
anagrams, mirroring, &c.)
i did not know this before, though the ampersand (&) is a ligature, a
combination of letters E and t, from Latin. the dollar sign ($) also..
Typographic ligature
the way i arrived at the concept of ligature was with a thesis combining
two seemingly disparate concepts, [architecture] and [electricity]. and
strangely found a symbol that had 'ae' - that combined these two letters
into a single character (æ)
Foucault had a book 'the Archaeology of Knowledge' which conceptualized
across a similar gap between concepts [archaeology] and [knowledge] and i
think it was through that reading and a given interpretation that it was
clear a progression existed from A & E as two concepts that relate to their
fusion in a shared structure, which the ligature to me represents. in that
discovery it was realized the concepts of architecture map directly onto
electromagnetic infrastructure, and thus circuitboard city planning is not
just a metaphor, typology of components, nor is building programming, etc.
so this is just a backgrounder on a visual equivalence of the structure
between two letters, the middle horizontal line in a capital A and capital
E, and how they combined into a single character (Æ) via shared structure.
it seems innocuous or without meaning, potentially, unless having meaning.
and thus when 'the æther' or 'archæology' is rendered with or without the
ligature it indicates something about its nature even, perhaps.
so there seem to be a a few ligatures for the American English alphabet
that get little or no use except perhaps in specialized domains. while the
ampersand is normalized, and dollar sign, the æ ligature is not. perhaps it
went out with the era of the classics (texts of western civilization). to
give a sense of the chaos, it is unknown if the character will reliably
render because via email software because there is no special character
input, so simply trying to document the language itself is bounded and made
into a technical feat, to try to access a deeper level of its operation
than the readily available graphic emoticons, including steaming pile of
shit with animated flies that Google provides in its place.
so language is debased, shallow, image-focused on recognition of signs and
responding to these patterns. and it is in is warped and twisted realm that
ideas must function, yet when competing with idiocy, it does not good to
reference or rely upon truth beyond the shallowness and the choose your own
adventure style of navigating the situation, that relativism best allows.
do your own thing, everyone is legitimate in their viewpoints, etc. and
this ability to write and convey things, ideas, makes it so, apparently.
functionally. willing into being a perspective that can be reinforced and
defaults to true and believable by mere fact of sharing it, making it real
via language, shared viewpoints, even if they are fundamentally ungrounded
so it is incredibly easy to string together letters into words via typing
them out on a computer and sharing them worldwide with others, finding that
others exist elsewhere in a similar dimensionality and establishing those
synaptic and neuronal connections that establish a noospheric condition,
whereby awareness and atmosphere, local and global, syncronize in a new and
different way, via this remote connectivity as it defines, establishes a
shared reality - at the level of perception and communication of viewpoints
and yet the language itself could be superficial in contrast to the ideas
involved, so a lot could be communicated - information exchanged - and yet
very little said. or that the needle of truth remains in the haystack of
false and faulty frameworks, and thus it is about concentrating what this
minor truth is, establishing it, while not having a model of the whole that
this truth exists in, as a shared reality, only the partial details of it,
here to there, still all disconnected for lack of a larger framework and
the capacity to link together ideas beyond their isolated observations
as mentioned, this involves logical accounting for concepts in their truth
and connection of concepts beyond the context of pseudo-truth, which can be
a realm of conflict, a showdown of ideological vested interest and bullying
for authoritarian control over what is true, the valid perspective, etc, so
it is not just an issue of locating truth, it is also often unwanted or not
allowed, censored even, if not about destroying the messengers with ideas,
so to keep the paradigm on its existing downward course, into oblivion
thus to get into the concepts, it is to evaluate [signs] in terms of units
and the letter is one of these first steps. a single letter can have its
own meaning, such that the letter A may signify a mountain peak, to some
people or in a given context. the letter S evaluated as a snake. note how
children's books establish literacy in these same terms, where an image of
an illustrated green snake with googly eyes will be in the shape of an 'S',
though this extends into a realm of advanced cultural literacy as well
so there are lowercase and capital letters, which have their own dynamics
that could be evaluated. and while some concepts are single letter, such as
'I' that represents a first-person perspective of an observing self, most
letters unless defined mathematic or scientific variables (a, c, E, e, f,
F, M, W, etc) are instead likely involved in 'boundary crossing' via their
sounds, into a realm of other signage they can still refer to. for instance
the letter 'b' when sounded out equates with 'be' the two letter word, and
'bee' the three letter word. thus these dynamics could be mapped letter by
letter likewise, in their discrete existence as isolated units, prior to
visible or geometric connectivity though this hidden relation exists as a
structure and likewise could and probably has been mapped out extensively
so moving from single letters of the alphabet into two letter combinations
it is a realm of the ligature, where two letters can become one again by
their recombination, which involves a new character that replaces them
consider the idea that every word in this conveyance has adjacent letters
with a hidden potential to be combined in a compact ligature format, such
that a text could be reduced by a certain percentage yet still feasibly be
readable as the same text, only in a smaller space, and perhaps reading the
information would be more or less efficient, more or less detached from
issues of signage and help or hinder consideration of underlying concepts
in terms of how this could effect pattern matching and interpretation
for example, a word like HEIGHT could potentially have a ligature for [HE]
and [HT] such that [HE]IG[HT] would go from six characters to four. and
thus if still legible could compress or compact words and sentences this
way. so for instance, the ligatures for AE and OE could example across the
entire alphabet of two letter or more relations.
potential 2 letter ligatures // text version
(note: graphic version attached for list archive)
consider that there is an array of 26 letters whereby A-Z, each letter is
recombined with every other letter, which arrives at 676 combinations that
can be evaluated for potential ligature connections. it need not arrive out
of Olde English or some historical context to be legitimate, or so it is
proposed that this technique has other applications than pronunciation or
cross-language word migrations.
thus looking at the table, the matrix can be navigated via X,Y coordinates
such that (1,1) would be AA and (5,8) would be HE for example.
the first pair of letters may be difficult to make a ligature of in some
situations  due to issues of fonts and spacing with adjacent letters on
either side, though imagine that software model could have multiple options
for how a ligature exists and is rendered, given its context, and thus a
single character perhaps somewhat like an M with a horizontal bar may in
some instance be legible as a double A ligature and thus if utilized could
compress whatever word it appears in, if any.
(it should be noted that these two letters combinations are still not in a
full context of communicating language though could have a symbolic or
other sign-based relevance, such as acronyms. and thus while not yet in a
normal realm of language evaluation for long form communication, meaning
can be compacted into these two character letters, prior to evaluating them
as potential ligature candidates. for instance: GE in terms of mythology
and also General Electric corporation, larger than many nation-states. that
is a lot of concept in a two-letter compressed word. and thus another such
connected structuring exists in this realm of abbreviation and acronyms
that can be another structure to consider when mapping out such dynamics)
to return to the table, a second example of HE would easily combine across
the center horizontal and allow a shared edge between the two letters. and
so evaluating candidates or approaches for ligature combinations involves
looking at their structure and considering geometric relations between the
graphic forms - which can be widely variable give existing fonts/type.
thus, the preference for the 16 segment LED display that has segments that
turn on and off for various parts of these letter structures, albeit not to
the degree needed for different fonts, though a matrix LED display could.
in other words, 16 segment displays are not chained together, do not share
common edges between characters and thus do not allow such ligatures, yet
demonstrate the need for a standardization of structure to enable common
geometric relations to exist, likewise. as if properties that vary given
how they are approached.
it should be noted that typical software allowing ligatures appears to be a
copy-paste scenario unless somehow macro-keyed. in that it is referenced,
as if looking up a thesaurus or doing a key-combo, to access the special
character, and that such translation of adjacent letters a and e (ae) do
not automatically translate into the ligature 'æ'. this is a vital gap and
involves usability issues as the approach or limits define the interaction.
now what if a keyboard existed that had its own fonts and controlled the
output, such that it could take a text like this, and automatically when
writing translate the variable letter combinations into a running ligature
framework via real-time or post processing, thus compressing the data yet
retaining its readability. and what if reading consisted of interpreting
such texts and where an anomaly may exist in legibility, the letters in the
word could be expanded to their full scale, removed from their ligature
connection. further, beyond just 2 letters or 3 letters, what if entire
words could be compacted down this way.
what this is to say is that the table above defines the 26x26 A-Z letter
combinations, and yet that is just one level of many. a word such as
'house' could be evaluated in terms of ligature, here capitalized to relate
it to the capital letter combinations...
     [H][O][U][S][E]
in terms of *potential* ligature combinations, there could be two letter
evaluation for every adjacent pair: HO, OU, US, SE.
each of these pair could have multiple potential versions, based on the
optimal relation to adjacent other letters. in this way, a span across
multiple ligatures could exist, such that [HO] and [OU] combine into a
single fused 3 letter ligature, while [US] and [SE] combine into another:
     [HOU][SE]
and thus, given variability, the letter 'U' could tend towards a particle
optimal state either to co-exist with the adjacent letter 'S' or to attempt
to combine with it in an optimal, balanced way, based on its legibility...
     [HO|U|SE]
this is to propose that *superposition* of variables could occur in the
word as a bit set, which may seem meaningless.  though the language itself,
the sign itself, would be calculating its own rendering as a sign, and not
just a passive issue of someone tapping a key for letters H O U S E and
having that be the result- instead, various modeling would be activated and
word combinations would be processed in real time in terms of ligatures and
other structural data based on how the situation is modeled (which could go
beyond visual structure, several examples mentioned earlier).
so this is to propose that any given word could potentially be mapped into
and out of this interstructural connection, based on its unit of measure as
the letter as a combinable entity. it is not yet about cracking them open,
yet it prepares the framework for doing so, by seeing how language works in
terms of communication techniques using existing software and equipment.
     [15,8|21|5,19]
thus, coordinates can map into these ligature frameworks, and three value
ligatures would have their own chart, which potentially would resolve many
three letter words or [signs] in terms of ligatures, and then potentially
many four letter ligatures could exist, and massive data charts would be
needed to chart these out, though it is entirely possible with computers.
now for instance if the original word used in the example (HOUSE) were to
be evaluated differently, it would have different variability in terms of
how the sign is rendered...
     [H][OU][SE]
in this case, the letter 'H' is non-ligatured or combined with an adjacent
letter, say due to readability issues, and the other two ligatures remain
     [8][21,15][5,19]
note the letter 'H' is the eighth letter in the alphabet, as a single
number input. now what if the [OU] and [SE] could were suddenly realized to
exist in another chart of four letter ligatures, and thus the coordinates
for these two ligature resolutions were replaced by another matrix value,
here fictional, equaling
     [H][OUSE]  ...
     [8][3.2.122,0.299.9]
what this suggests is that every letter and would could potentially be
fragmented and reunited in a similar structural framework that operates
well beyond ligatures, into an N-dimensional modeling of word and language
relations in a computational context, whereby the [signs] themselves are
not just inert static entities with no connection to truth, and instead
could map into different variabilities, ligatures or not, as a form or
approach to reading/writing.
--- other potential views ---
thus, extrapolated into this other abstract variability and the issues of
superposition, a text could be typed that automatically is transposed into
another framework via its software, though this would need to be a model
that is geometrically controlled, within a particular non-arbitrary shared
framework based on a common empirical model that can be developed via many
parallel interactions referencing and improving upon the same rulesets.
in such a way, an interface could exist along with a physical or software
keyboard that could offer optional structuring or [sign] relations, such
that another approach could involve a non-ligature evaluation of all the
available ASCII letters A and other special characters in their graphic
potential, and having this be an option for typing a concrete-poetry-like
message akin to SMS abbreviation though into the signage, deepening the
meaning, not just compacting it, instead making it multivariate. such that
a word or short communication could convey a prose like awareness, and
stand in and of itself as a perspective, in place of a paragraph, for
instance, due to its capacity and its depth of meaning. what are the
parameters that could be accessed, what are the existing limits of
parameter sets that *break* upon use or going beyond a given boundary, such
as characters in email, or limits within software, that instead could be
made accessible and reliable in use, for such symbolic communication, as it
may involve transformation of text or other approaches and issues, such as
one-time pads or encryption perhaps if a key infrastructure was involved
and meaning was bounded by interpreter
another consideration is to alter the rules of evaluation, such that the
text could be flipped or twisted within ready-made software made for such
communications, or other such dynamics, like turning everything 90 degrees
that may reveal a hidden pattern or transform certain words and not others
or reveal a portal to gain access to another level of the text or to move
through several as the data is rearranged via a given planned sequence. for
instance, what if the axis of left to right is reversed, right to left, for
the display of information. such that [axis] is variable. or mirroring, or
other pattern dynamics, say structural substitutions or additions whether
graphic or phonetic or acronyms or whatnot.
in ways it may be reminiscent of invisible ink, even, if a strange text
were to arrive that may be formatted beyond a legible threshold due to
unknown or unknowable rules (if bit set permutations to subsign structures)
and thus a threshold condition existed requiring deciphering or decrypting
or translation of the text or abstracted data.
with no such key to unlock the cryptic patterning, an AI device could
search for patterns in the existing structure, looking for clues, of which
there could be infinite many, given several approaches that appear likely.
yet which one to investigate may not be determinable, and the number of
choices could limit what kind of analyses are allowed, as if a barrier or
boundary, related to the way data is processed yet also truth modeled. in
other words it is speculated that beyond a certain threshold it could be
too difficult to compute or analyze such formatted communications because
they are equivalent to NOISE and display inherent structure that leads to
automatic meaning that is multiple and spread out in different directions
and thus the originating perspective remains unknown, potentially even to a
surveiller who may observe its decryption yet still not be capable of
comprehending its meaning, in terms of the information that is accessed, or
where the message begins or ends, potentially, depending on the framework
if a receiver of the message did have the key to unlock the meaning, it
could potentially exist as if a CSS/XML layer or transparency that appears
over the original text, as if the word-correction underlining on word
processor and text editors, though instead could highlight sections and
reference particular models or approaches for this data, to evaluate its
meaning in terms of sign/symbol relations. thus, as if an additional layer
of highlighting upon an underlying page, the message could appear garbled
or abstracted by default, yet with the translucent additional layer,
various structures or patterns could emerge, as if masking out some or
revealing other data. this could also involve nested sets organized by
different rules in combination with layers, such that /sequencing/ data in
a particular step-by-step approach or ruleset, perhaps based on a private
and-or shared public key, could then open up or allow access to a hidden
message nested within a larger ~variable context. what happens if you start
to spin the third page of the fifth chapter of a given book, which may not
be encoded this way, yet could reveal a hint or clue that then references
what is on the page, recontextualizing it, creating a path via one-time pad
that may disappear and be irrelevant both before and after yet not during
that moment, when it is instead decisive and allows certain functioning in
the given parameters. and yet what if the words cannot spin, the software
does not exist or the concepts are not realizable, what if the threshold is
too high or the ideas too controversial, such that it is made illegal to
have such considerations or develop such tools as if *against culture*, in
that the binary ideologues realize the threat to their false perspective
and grip on interpretation, the inanity of SMS becoming deadly serious in
its repercussions as the language is forked into an unreadable realm.

@_date: 2013-10-18 22:10:54
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: HTML List Abuse (was: "please ignore: this is only a test") 
References:  <20131018084623.GC10405
 i somewhat understand the situation thanks to feedback...
 the problems here involve a broken pc and porting texts
 from one platform into Gmail, where formatting errors and
 line wrap issues exist, thus unreliable rendering of emails.
 since the list does not send me a copy of my own posts,
 the archives in plain text are what i see as to the filetype,
 not realizing it may be rendered as HTML email elsewhere,
 because data only appears in plain text anywhere i see it
 this whole time i never figured it was about my posts due
 to this, unless somehow MINE attachments were what
 was referenced - yet only HTML was repeatedly scolded.
 in approximately two months, looking at emails, i have
 only seen a few examples of HTML email that i recognize,
 mainly because of formatted or colored text, and did not
 connect this with the *scrubbing* of the HTML content,
 associated with the way the email is being processed
 by the list management software -- which i thought is
 neutralizing the HTML formatting before it goes out
 thus, if there is a setting to receive plain text, why not
 subscribe to that option, for that situation, i do not yet
 comprehend what is going on as these posts render
 in mailboxes elsewhere, if they are indeed HTML or it
 just involves a footer with links to the scrubbed html
 and associated attachments, aka multipart MIME (?)
 i tested plain text resend (locally) of the last file and
 it renders Unicode ok, so will try that approach though
 mystery formatting issues persist with Gmail (and, as
 an indication of deterioration of usability, they recently
 removed 'translate' from Google search, so downgrading
 functionality in email also seems likely, with formatting
 and limited reply or other control over email content)...
 that said, i do not know (for lack of getting a copy of
 emails myself) if graphics are sent out as attachments
 or scrubbed and archived on the list (which i assumed,
 given the footer attachment data). the reason for not
 direct linking everything is to keep a copy in archive,
 in case i delete drop-box, so the essays have basic
 content for a few ideas requiring of some diagrams.
 if that multipart MIME attachment is the issue, is
 it not possible to somehow 'not view attachments'
 if they are sent out, or filter such messages, versus
 stop visual messaging of relevance to list content,
 because someone somewhere does not want that,
 and it is a potential security threat if 'weaponized',
 in that it is a way of attacking through delivery, etc
 what is a forum without ideas, how much security
 to protect what, security talk about security tech
 yet no conceptualization beyond those boundaries,
 like what is crypto, what are the concepts, where
 are various peoples understandings and interests,
 and might some visual information help assist the
 conceptual issues, or is it text-only, no imagery.
 because then it is just not worth it, trying to share
 new views and ideas about issues of crypto today
 not everything fits into text or a 77 character line width.
 these tools suck for communicating and sharing ideas.
 it is self-punishing even to try to share ideas online.
 everything goes against viewpoints that are not already
 agreed upon as part of the existing perspective. it takes
 and requires a significant effort to build up an alternative
 model and this requires some additional visual data to
 make points or frameworks otherwise not possible in
 text alone, and things are beyond Lynx interfaces as
 an email exchange scenario, to limit exchange to those
 parameters is perhaps too limiting even, unless what is
 said here is supposed to be secure in some way that
 i do not comprehend, like this data is under attack
 maybe i just do not get it, what the issues are.
 are online forums not to communicate ideas and
 while mobile and other platforms exist, there are
 many examples in code of how data is ported to
 those interfaces, not determined by it, because it
 is a different set of requirements, ex: m.mobile.tld
 1) will try to send plain text, if formatting is retained,
  this will include a few attachments for the list archive
 2) MIME-footer scenario will continue. unknown if these
 images go out to everyone- my assumption is that they
 went directly to the list archive: scrubbed with HTML...
 2a) if attachments go out to list members, is there is a
 way to choose not to receive them, via list software,
 2b) if images go straight to archive is there any issue
 3) is there disagreement on attachments. no images
 and i am gone, cannot communicate the ideas. i can
 Dropbox them-- never meant to impose the imagery
 on every mailbox, especially if a security threat. yet
 it seems more secure to email than Dropbox them,
 potentially, if somehow the file was remote altered
 while stored static. assumed a central list archive
 was holding imagery via the scrubbing process.
 4) what would resolve the issues... i do not see how to
 avoid multipart MIME footers with image attachments,
 yet perhaps however many list member should have
 to goto an URL to retrieve attached image content than
 have it arrive with the email. i am a believer in the text
 + image approach for emails, i think it is too low a limit
 on communication to take out visuals in basic exchange
 because much more can be communicated w/ diagrams.
 unfortunately everything is against this, even in-line images
 are no longer an option in email and webmail software...
 thus forcing text-only, sign-based, linearity like this
 feedback?
 p.s. used to ASCII diagram extensively yet no longer
 have tools able to control monospace fonts this way.
 any pointers to online resources for creating technical
 diagrams using ascii for email communications and the
 settings needed greatly appreciated. saw this online
 documentation the other day and its formatting is ideal,
  why is it so impossible to get that kind of control over text,
 and how do technical diagrams get rendered in ASCII (no
 examples here, rare to encounter them) and where to
 learn how to do this. not online ASCII-image translators
 and instead, are there tools and settings for text editors
 or does Gmail limit this from happening. tried Outlook
 yet it is insane and unusable. cannot find the new mail
 button even. fake whois. sick software experimentation.

@_date: 2013-10-18 22:29:37
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: HTML List Abuse (was: "please ignore: this is only a test") 
References:  <1382152842911.a3fd0fee
 i am like a robot. i do not understand.
 i need the situation explained
 step by step so i can do whatever is needed
 in those parameters to improve the interaction
 else i could just say fuck it
 though it is a valid point if sending
 unnecessary chaos due to approach
 that could be tweaked and limit problems
 it would be helpful though if someone
 was angry about my posts to let me know
 it was my texts so i could address the concern,
 the sideways complaining is confusing
 perhaps it is karmic symmetry
 of some kind, online ghosts

@_date: 2013-10-18 23:53:26
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: bird.comms + compilers (urls) 
Dude, where's my code?
(re: paper is titled "Towards Optimization-Safe Systems: Analyzing the
Impact of Undefined Behavior." // Stack)
Birds on repeat: Do playbacks hurt fowl?
(context is of birdcall networks & modem protocols, perhaps this issue
of emulation relevant to security protocols, monitoring, attack
strategy- or not)
Cuckoos impersonate hawks by matching their 'outfits'
(crazy cuckoo birds impersonate hawks, exploit of localized
overlapping pattern matching. potential comp.security or software
systems correlation, beyond poli-sci)

@_date: 2013-10-19 11:13:57
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: HTML List Abuse (was: "please ignore: this is only a test") 
References:  <1382061423823.bc33014d
 <5261AAC3.6050102
 first the sleeper hold...  then the piledriver....
 now the  C A G E M A T C H  ! ! !

@_date: 2013-10-19 12:26:22
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: SRF: crypticl 
this gets to the more actual situation with ideological short-circuiting
of mass surveillance: the search for terrorists comparable to the hunt
for Bigfoot, Yetis, Nessie in the collective, Chupacabra and others
how much is the data dragnet comparable to evaluating populations
in these fuzzy terms, as if any aberration or anomaly will snap-to-fit
in some framework of illegality to be used for biased prosecutions
how much of the technology infrastructure functions as a toy versus
tool, allowing wild theories to be explored and mapped onto citizenry,
everyone a suspect, an unidentified type that hovers around categories
due to demographics, statistics or other affiliations, awaiting exploits
in other words- the hunt for terrorists is like a hunt for cryptid beings,
yet in the total surveillance, instead of the pinpointing and tracking
of such, it appears the entire society is held within this mindframe,
everyone a threat to someone who is surveilling behind the curtain,
credit ratings, coupon users, shoppers who return faulty goods,
people requesting warranty service - as if cheaters and stealers
in that- instead of many distributed spotters saying they located
an anomaly in the northwest sector, this spotting and informing
instead is ubiquitous, a flurry of such calculations of potential
and known infractions, from someones warped self-interest view
not accounting for the larger balanced evaluation, hidden tallying
for awhile now have considered how a Bigfoot would exist in the
surveillance society, especially urban areas, such as those who
try to drop-out of change identities - how far could you get with
biometrics or facial recognition and forged documents until the
alarms start activating and you are tracked and then cornered
yet what if this is every single person, potentially, given the one-
way politics involved, the oppressive aim of domination of those
hidden and beyond public accountability as they hold the public
to account in terms they do not recognize or themselves obey
in this way, a population of bigfoots, a hidden network of those
spotting, tracking, and surveilling, the short-circuiting of this as
if in the public interest and involving democratic aims of citizens,
instead a massive setup, ungrounded interpretations giving way
to orchestration of near-term centralization of dictatorial power,
feedback loop somewhere outside of representation anymore
what if the cryptid ID is the Dictator running the works behind
all this, and requires other spotters and tracking to corner the
illegal activities that continue, despite all the tools available,
seemingly used instead for playpen antics first and foremost,
in that babbel allows this situation to remain undocumented
in its conceptual terms and actual dimensions of existence

@_date: 2013-10-19 13:56:17
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: South Park NSA (update) 
South Park Studios loses power, misses deadline for new show
   "South Park Studios lost power on Tuesday night, and with their
computers down for hours the team could not animate, render, edit or
work on sound. As a result they couldn't finish Wednesday night's
scheduled episode, which is a first in "South Park" history."
Most epic read of our time? It's not classics Beowulf or War and Peace
but Google's terms and conditions, say scientists

@_date: 2013-10-19 15:00:43
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?B?cMedyZTJucqOZMqHb8m5IChuyblscyk=?= 
The Artist of the Unbreakable Code  (via A&L Daily)
Composer Edward Elgar still has cryptographers playing his tune.
read this article the other day and wondered if anyone evaluated the
alphabet for letters that have those curved shapes (e.g. m, n, c, w,
u, p, q, b, d, g, etc) at the subsign level, removing extra details
for common squiggle structure, ∨ potentially how the cipher could be
related to musical note values...
Dorabella Cipher
Letter Groupings
(list of alphabetic structure in terms of what letters share certain
qualities, like lowercase with vertical bars, or lowercase with
structure beneath the baseline. vital knowledge for such calculus...
though missing rotational without reflective symmetry NSZ)
"In typography, a homoglyph is one of two or more characters, or
glyphs, with shapes that either appear identical or cannot be
differentiated by quick visual inspection."
"A numeronym is a number-based word."
Transformation of text
"Transformation of text is strategies to perform geometric
transformations on text (reversals, rotations, etc.), particularly in
systems that do not natively support transformation, such as HTML,
seven-segment displays and plain text."
ʇno ʇı ƃuıʇsǝʇ
14.2 October 2013

@_date: 2013-10-19 16:32:35
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Pa: da: d-a#2e !8upje. In.z :$ qu# e ta2t:_ 
Moon Jones -- (difficult to take you seriously while
you're wearing a tutu and holding a pink umbrella)
YES.  i worship my mother.  this is your problem?

@_date: 2013-10-20 21:53:36
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: SRF: crypticl 
References:  <20131020005330.E4D6C2280DE
in a relativistic world, this viewpoint could function as an absolute
determiner of truth, especially in an authoritarian context. yet the
concepts referenced can themselves be ungrounded, empirically, such
that [crime] is only evaluated in a realm of partial-truth by default.
thus the concept of ~crime would be relativistic, given who is
observing, potentially.
     [observer]  ---->  ['truth']
the most basic issue in this, and where even scientists and
technologists get it wrong is in the belief of a limited or bounded
objective methodology, that accounts for 'truth' only in a limited
framework while ignoring other truth that still could be relevant.
this bias is built into the methodology via what is essentially
private psychology, the role of the observer not itself being grounded
in truth, yet believing itself capable of determining external truth
based on this subjective existence: (A=B) ---> (A=A)
it is just not that simple as willing into being a model of universal
truth based on observation, without error-checking the observer
themselves for flaws in belief, which instead function as if by
default capable of discerning truth, yet this occurs in shared beliefs
reliant on pseudo-truth, which is where ungrounded or relativistic
(warped) ideology operates best.
     ['observer']  ---->  ['truth']
in this way, an ideal observer would be accurately grounded in truth,
neutralized observational bias via other observers of their own
observation (qua: "observing the observer") which is necessary to
model the observer in A=A terms, to remove falsity from those
structural frameworks relied upon to make judgements.
     observer (pT) ---> ['truth']
absent this essential rigor of observation, whereby a self-evaluating
observer is themselves acknowledged in their fallibility, and
finiteness and boundedness in a particular perspective of an event,
their private relativistic belief of what is occurring could /claim/
to be able to discern this external truth, yet, it is probable it will
be bounded within the limit of their partial viewpoint by default,
thus whatever 'truth' exists would need to be self-serving to uphold
their viewpoint that establishes this truth, though it would be
reliant on the errored framework for its reasoning, also highly likely
of binary mindset that takes some aspect and makes it the 'whole
truth' because it fits or matches a particular pattern or belief, thus
validating it in the limited context. at most, it is only a 'partial
truth' that can be ascertained this way - also likely unchecked for
its veracity beyond this limited structural boundary...
     observer (pT) ---> ['pT']  ||  ['truth']
in other words, in this ambiguity, both the observer of an event
defaults to a pseudo-truth observation, and the limited observation of
an external event is captured within this bounded observational
framework, and thus reliant on this partiality for its reasoning via
pattern-matching -- though this occurs in a realm of matching signs as
language, "images" in effect, that fulfill an objective criteria
(A=A), though it is of [signs] = [signs] that are ungrounded, only
partially truth, and yet what is partial is viewed 'whole' or given
universality - including errors and flaws and wrong or warped
assumptions, left uncorrected because these allow the viewpoint, the
belief that this is true because it can be ideologically equated with
it, via surface-level signage, versus the larger truth it involves,
which remains unaccounted for, ignored, or denied outside the private
boundary, though also inside if it contradicts a belief, it thus will
be subjectivized, cherrypicked to -prove- "true belief" as a form of
dogma, a settled fact that is incontestable.
in other words, the ungrounded observer influences the observation,
their measurement and momentum effecting what is observed and thus
their biasing reflected in biased viewpoints that can limit truth so
as to privately secure it in binary onesided frameworks.
for instance, the observer of the man (who thus is determining crime)
could view a situation in their own limited threshold while leaving
out other relevant data, which is what onesided binary viewpoints
allow, an ideology of this as a faith-based belief system, yet not of
external truth -- instead it is of a protected truth, inside the
private framework of the observer themselves, where they are the
determiner of truth, on their own terms. that is, the observer takes
on god-status, places themselves as the determiner of universal truth
even while in a warped relativistic viewpoint, and decides what will
be true, as if this is not a conceit and egotism.
this ungrounded form of observation places ['truth'] secondary to
belief about [truth] which is how the intellectual aspect of ideas can
be short-circuited to just allow surface-level superficial pattern
matching of [signs] in a realm of pseudo-truth, which speeds up
processing and decision-making and allows easy alignment of mass
viewpoints based on answered questions in a common POV though this can
be and is ungrounded and relativistic by default of its boundedness,
finiteness, controlling a version of ideas and events (essentially all
of politics and religion and science and culture) yet that is actually
detached from accounting for these beliefs in terms of their truth,
beyond the given and protected boundaries and borders - these,
profit/prophet-centers no less.
ungrounded beliefs then, by default, are assumed objective because
~facts can match a pattern and be edited to onesideness and then deny
other facts both within and beyond the protected boundary, leaving a
model of 'total truth' or universal shared belief that is based in and
reliant upon inaccuracies yet in denial or disregard of these, because
it is about power firstly, not truth, and truth is serving an agenda,
a rationalization and viewpoint that it is forced into conformance
with, versus existing in its own right and beyond a context of
inaccuracy. this is why accounting for truth via logical reasoning
beyond binarism is basically illegal, it has no place within society.
the observer can be proved wrong, faulty and flawed in observation,
yet in a hierarchical society this cannot be allowed, thus censorship
and editing of viewpoints, who is in-group and excommunicated or
barred from entry, so as to maintain the ideology that is A=B in its
partialized "universalism" that is a self-serving, biased, inaccurate,
relativistic framework.
(the observers are essentially highest truth, their views made
infallible, people serving themselves firstly -- not truth itself.
this is the ultimate corruption of the self and a condition that
people can be born into and can maintain throughout an entire lifetime
as an ideological belief system, where 'truth' is meant to serve their
immediate needs firstly or it must be wrong, damn the evidence)
     [observer]  --->  [person]  --->  [event]
     [observer]  --->  [criminal]  --->  [crime]
in other words, the-sign-of-crime could be patterned matched to some
event, and evaluated only in a limited biased framework, thus
regarding only the [event] and not the ['event'] in its total truth,
nor likewise the total evaluation of said ['crime'] beyond a certain
self-serving observational threshold allowing the default viewpoint,
favorable to an observer seeking out such justifications.
this is why the method to establish grounding is needed. what i refer
to as ~recontexualization into a shared framework of parallel
observation, an event taken from every perspective, which will be
beyond a single observer or finite dimensions and instead model a
situation in all the dimensions it exists and can be accounted for,
say N-observers and N-dimensional evaluation.
     ungrounded_observer (pT)  ---> "crime" (pT)
the situation likely involves every observer having access to 'some
truth', though it is only when it is compiled together that the total
situation in its truth can be accounted for. what if, for instance,
the observer who is after a person for a crime is actually themselves
involved in setting someone up for the scenario, and yet this is not
accounted for in their 'belief system' about what happened or how it
should be dealt with. that is- they themselves are left outside the
equation even while they may have a hidden agenda or motive for the
given rationalization. so what if falsity or deception is part of the
pseudo-truth observation, what if there is more to it and yet they are
willing to cede anything to such truth that ties them to the crime,
and yet other observers can account for the same event in these terms,
and have evidence corresponding to this scenario.
what that would involve is an observation existing beyond a finite
viewpoint that the original observer seeks to determine as A=A (T) in
a warped and twisted way, without accounting for their own errors or
falsity which could be covered up by a simplistic view of [crime] =
[crime] as it equates with language, pattern matching of signs, versus
the real ['crime'] in its empirical truth, what the dimensions where,
say decades in the making for a setup and takedown, and thus the
observer could be the real criminal and yet realize they are actually
the one on trial, even though to their limited evaluation it _appears
an exact match to their private reality.
this is where deception and psyops probably do their work, in terms of
the illusion, the exploit of pT=T and A=B as if A=A when instead it is
B=B. another way of saying it is that there could be parallel truths,
some grounded some not, and these could co-exist in superposition from
any perspective, and events could appear a certain way given
predisposition, logic, and belief system, such that realities could be
affirmed yet entirely different in a similar context, while evaluated
in different parameters and by different means, implying here rigor
and lack of or absence of rigor, as the situation may allow ~beliefs
to exist friction-free.
     observer (T)  ---->  'crime' (T)
it is entirely possible an observer could remove themselves of
falsity, include and account for all evidence beyond a private view
and boundary, and evaluate a situation in its entirety to discern its
truth, given the combined evidence. yet if this situation instead
needs to be edited to conform to a viewpoint, to allow a given belief,
and a political rationalization self-beneficial to an observer, then
perhaps the falsity of the observer is involved more than at the level
of inaccuracy, and instead is lying or being deceptive, not truthful
themselves yet seeking to determine it for others -- the ultimate in
hypocrisy. worse yet is this as a management ~ideology or belief
system, where entire peoples are held within dumb, self-serving
hierarchical viewpoints that are not based in a larger truth, and that
over time increasingly become less and less connected with external
reality, including the economics of this, just look at how government
systems serve themselves before citizenry as the major example of a
failed state system.
this same ungrounded relativistic situation of observers (who are not
themselves operating in 'truth', only 'partial truth') likewise occurs
in language and legal systems as mentioned, where ungrounded relations
and exchange are the basis for determining "justice" yet this concept
is detached from its truth, and instead it is a law of signs, pattern
matching, and not of their truth, to the degree that you could make a
logical proof of a situation in its entirety and have that be the
perspective that is evaluated, versus having agreements based on
'shared observation' in a social realm, as consensus is formed within
language, not 1 & 0.

@_date: 2013-10-20 23:35:54
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: SRF: crypticl (ii) 
here is an example of these dynamics...
say you are living in a surveillance society ruled by a hidden and
malicious yet bounded dictatorship, so its malcious actions must be
stealthy to break the illusion that a democracy has fallen into
private despotism (which explains alot)...
and so there are people who are politically oppressed who are
targeted. say black bag jobs, censorship, bugs in your walls, active
hostile monitoring and abuse and harassment as feedback. yet this also
occurs in a context of 'private psychology' of the oppressors that is
separated from the state, its beliefs, constitution, etc.
knowing this, a person may live in a fishbowl that is routinely
disrupted and their life not allowed to develop due to these
conditions, essentially an open-air prison and only a matter of time
and further political consolidation before extinction.
that the oppressors have a A=B mindset then could allow a false
perspective to be constructed, validating a sign=sign belief of the
oppressors, thus establishing a boundary that confirms their
ideological viewpoint of a given situation (reversing perspective, or
reversing the panopticon). prisoners monitoring the guards, etc.
so, a person may pursue the age-old, time worn, and time-tested
Bearded Lady at the Circus routine, in this given context. and this
event could confirm or ground to certain preconceived notions and
views of the hidden observers, who seek to exploit this *hidden* data
they are gathering and distributing via illegal surveillence. (in
doing so, allowing their activities and distribution channels and
political networks to themselves be thoroughly mapped...)
Bearded Lady at the Circus
so suddenly the secret network has its valuable data to frame a person
with, they could even work to "out them" as a result and this could be
monitored by an inmate, as to what tactics and techniques are used,
and where the ideology begins and ends. that is, if beliefs are
verified by matching patterns (in this sense: pT = pT), then it is
equated with grounded truth (B=B), even though it could be only an
illusion. or bounded within certain dimensionality or thresholds.
so imagine the Dictator and their political groupies have such hidden
data on someone and it could even be presented as if a crime, say for
a corollary example, and that their release of such data is a threat
that in its actualization would secure their victory-- their "true
belief" that rationalizes and finitely determines events in their
favor would be fully established by discrediting and criminalizing
opponents to despotism.
this occurs on the assumption that they can control the parameters by
which an event is evaluated, such that a [event] in their limited
framework would automatically tally into their calculation of
universal truth (A=A), though this is based on bad faith and
exploitation of truth to serve the observers, firstly, and thus they
are "truth" and "law" and so forth. what is not accounted for in their
private relativistic psychology is that the situation could be
accounted for from all angles, as an ['event'], and that in this
reframing from their limited self-serving viewpoint, a
recontexualization could involve them and prove their involvement in
this event, so they are not outside of it nor able to control its
interpretation, and instead are in a model of the situation beyond
their determination over it, via empirical analysis of the total
thus for instance if someone broke the legs of a child and kept this
out of their observational equation, and then yelled and blamed the
child for not being able to run, and even demands that they run with
broken legs, the observer could say the child is not running because
they are lazy or weak, not accounting for the injuries and malice. yet
an external viewpoint could account for the breaking of the legs of
the child by the observer, which is not accounted for in their
self-serving viewpoint, due to its inherent biasing to a given
interpretation, which could even be subconscious or covert, *hidden*
or encrypted in the psyche of a silent running sleeper agent who has
done terrible things yet plausibly can deny this because they are able
to separate or compartmentalize this truth from their conscious
belief, unless pressured enough to make errors, where A=B dynamics
appear and must be resolved to reestablish psychic equilibrium, or it
is a dangerous existence that only gets more polarized and in this
way, increasingly schizoid as the world does not align with a
worldview which becomes fragmented and at odds with itself in its
onesided, conflicted reasoning
in this way, the previous example of a hidden dictator having
incriminating evidence could be viewed as their "sure thing" that is
going to bring down an opponent, this as it relates to the drug war
for most people in the depths, likely, as one instance of many
approaches to blackmail and takedowns. the threat of imprisonment, or
assassination if you are lucky, etc. and yet that limited perspective
is ungrounded in the larger situation, reliant on a false perspective
to establish such dynamics, power, control over events and their
hidden interpretation and secret determination. this pT=T worldview of
the dictator makes assumptions that are not wholly true nor accurate
about other observers and their observations, because a false
perspective could also be established for the dictator- so that things
*appear* a certain way via feedback (B=B) yet that this is not
actually the truth of what is going on, beyond that limited and
controlled despotic boundary. it is an illusion, a fantasy detached
from empirical reality - yet allowed, and thereby enables a pattern
match between what is believed and what is seen, for the ungrounded
true believers of despotic ideology.
in other words, another reality (A=A) could exist in this same
situation, albeit within different parameters, co-existing yet silent
as a parallel yet _grounded reality.
thus it really comes down to an issue of accounting for truth and how
it is modeled, both in terms of observations yet importantly,
critically- how the observers are themselves accounted for in their
evaluations and claims. empirical truth removed of falsity (T) is a
different perspective than relativistic pseudo-truth (pT) that
includes and relies upon errors and to justify given viewpoints that
equate with 'true beliefs'. there should be no allowance for such
structural bias, distortion, warping, and skew of observation in terms
of justice. error is essentially falsity in this 1 and 0 model, and it
is not arbitrary, nor can denial of absolute truth disallow such
key to this is 'belief' that is ungrounded, whereby "belief=belief"
establishes truth (pT), instead of grounded belief that is empirically
true (T). the former maps onto the individual or group that contains a
worldview or viewpoint that is equated with truth, yet this is
actually themselves that they are believing in, serving. their belief
in truth is their belief in their own infallibility, their own ability
to determine truth. it is about an observer whose mere act of
ungrounded observation is ideologically believed to be a 1:1
correspondance with truth, as patterns match their biased viewpoints,
and justify their correctness, thus allowing a self-righteous mindset
inside of a protected finite boundary, that then has an internal model
that is relativistic, 2-value, and not observant of unagreeable facts
or reality or truth beyond this self-interested boundary.
this essentially becomes a demographic of people who are *unbelievers*
in truth outside their own viewpoints. this is insanely dangerous and
violent ignorance. they happen to have taken over government to, as
the private corps of the dictator.
*believers* are those, in contrast, who defer to truth, recognize it
beyond their limited boundary, via logical reasoning, and observe of
views of events in their truth and do not seek to censor and shut down
valid observations or make it conform to their limited worldview in
order for it to be allowed or accepted as truth, only if it serves
their self-interest or does not threaten their worldview and "belief
system" or private religion (of self as if creator).
so ungrounded observers could believe a partial-truth is universal
even though warped and a false perspective, while grounded observers
could know this and could have prepared a bounary condition that
allows for this as an illusion, by ceding ~ground as it were,
unaccounted for observations and activities that are effectively
unnatural or virtual and tentative - lacking actual feedback to not
spoil the illusion, and therefore a gigantic bubble-reality could
exist surrounding and inside of this dictatorship where 'the reality'
that is believed to exist is not actually real, and a given event
could puncture the illusion and remap all events into a different,
more accurate framework.
in this way, 'the crime' that may be believed absolute truth in the
self-serving viewpoint, not accounted for beyond the corrupt
evaluation and biased interpretation, could function differently than
expected for the dictator, whose goal is to play this as part of their
winning hand...
and thus if they have incriminating evidence, for instance, of the
[crime], say it is of a closeted transvestite who is a male-lesbian,
this could be their ace in the hole to play against an adversary as
part of a game-winning strategy, wrongly believed equivalent to "burst
the bubble" on the other side via politically exploiting the
and so their poker hand could be a ROYAL FLUSH, the secret evidence
the [ace], with King, Queen, Jack, and Ten cards lined up across all
suits in all directions, as if a universal winning hand, owning the
table and every player.
yet there is another possibility-- the ['ace'] could actually be the
lowest card, instead of the highest as believed. and thus it could be
equivalent to a 1-card, king (2), queen (3), jack (4), ten (5),
whereby the metaphysics of the game are different than expected. this
is because 'the crime' could be interpreted beyond the self-serving
limiting viewpoint and account for the role of the dicator in
establishing the context for the crimes and involving in the
criminality while seeking to judge other sin these same terms. how
much hypocrisy can an entity contain, how much psychopathy, malice and
ultimately: falsehood.
it then becomes a dare. if they release their evidence it can be
turned against them, especially with massive external evidence they
are not even aware of, showing the direct involvement in oppression of
the citizens of the state by the hidden dictatorship and those who
serve it. and then it would be possible to account for other truth
beyond the limited dimensions used as *threats* and as a basis for
actual violence and oppression, harassment and even TORTURE of
citizens, in these terms, to secure the false worldview as if
'reality' itself, yet in a private framework that only serves a
specific group at the expense of everyone, for that epically wicked
it is thus about how the truth is accounted for, in an ungrounded
pattern-matched evaluation of relativistic [signs] in an agreed upon
private political evaluation, or of the ['truth'] involved throughout
the signs and language and claims and beliefs and grounded
observations, in a single shared model of empirical truth, of the
given events.
without a free press (crypto.corrupted) that is extremely difficult,
because their view is what scales easiest as an alternative viewpoint.
and thus there is silence. though the dictator may believe or _feel
this equates with acquiescence, affirming the rightness of their
secret yet harmful rule. and it does not. it matters where the lines
are drawn as to how this situation is perceived. and to be honest-
these people are truly stupid, they have a limited intellectual
capacity to deal with this situation and so that is easily exploited.
yet the continuation of an illusion does not mean safety. and the
tension in the air as things polarize will only be more and more
the best move by the dictator would be to make the attack, make the
claim, bring the charges- arrest the perpetrator, bring the issue to
public trial instead of secret judge, jury, executioner. it would
validate the hardness, virility of their truth, as it corresponds with
an extended sentence for the crime as portrayed.
yet the failure to achieve this-- the faulty approach or
unsubstantiated case or contrary evidence would instead shrink this
"sure thing" should the approach fail, and political impotence and
total loss of power and legitimacy would result in not succeeding in
the normal channels. the fraudulent case and viewpoint would collapse
as its interpretation goes beyond the boundary of the accuser, to
involve the accuser of deep involvement in this and vast many other
crimes against the human citizenry. so they would be on trial if they
should bring a case and the collapse of government and their rule over
it would be accounting for in any such legal deliberations.
likewise, doing nothing brings impotence likewise as the false
worldview is folded back upon itself into smaller and smaller
territories of self-controlled belief, as the views once shared are
fragmented and disconnected in their operational cohensiveness, and
thus this particilized constituency would find itself outside the
prevailing view which it cannot share or understand due to limits
resulting from self-corruption and ideological conformance, and belief
in superiority they now have to rationalize in polarized, contested,
and very likely in fighting terms, with those they have oppressed by
their ignorance and malicious intent. those most active and powerful
will be weakened by outside comparison, even appearing foolish to
themselves as irrationalism takes hold and madness sets in, once
realizing their awful predicament
in this way, while things could appear to /certainly/ be moving from A
to B, given a series of moves, in a more complex environment an
inversion could have taken place that recontextualizes the ground upon
which these events take place, and at a critical juncture, a decisive
moment could arrive where TRUTH=FALSITY for the other oppressive
observer, where the binary worldview completely collapses into its
opposite framework where only partial truth (pT) is allowed to be
validated in a shared POV and that the evaluation goes beyond the
given controlling constraints, thus allowing parallel observation via
human identity as the shared empirical perspective, versus an
ungrounded false perspective reliant on lies, falsehood, errors, to
serve a private view and constituency to the ruin of the earth, life,
and humanity
there are no odds. there is only truth and its accounting. anything
less is tyranny.

@_date: 2013-10-20 23:55:59
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: SRF: crypticl (ii) addenda 
i meant to convey that through this inversion the situation could actually
be moving from B to A instead, though appear otherwise, and that it is
the flipping or switching of the analytical grounding of this [signage] into
other frameworks or circuitry that essentially shifts and transforms the
perspective, recontextualizing it within different parameters, dimensions
(also: the mismapping of events and skewing of statistics possible by
manipulating the bounded belief systems can be a realm for exploits,
hacking and cracking systems via false-frameworks and viewpoints
believed to exist via surface pattern-matching and assumptions)

@_date: 2013-10-21 12:37:49
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: SRF: surveillance costumes 
previously i had planned to explore illuminated juggling and
eventually move into a signaling context with it, via display of
various LED colored balls and clubs in terms of patterns and their
structuring, as a way of communicating. then i was under seige and my
health, already poor, completely collapsed do i could no longer juggle
and the equipment started to malfunction immediately and eventually
totally failed.\
part of the idea involved being a targeted individual in the
surveillance state, where there is no privacy and no boundaries are
observed. therefore, already under active and ubiquitous surveillance,
i decided to make the surveillance my audience...
juggling for surveillance cameras
in a sense this is like probing the network, because it provides a
chain-of-feedback that can be accounted for in its effects. again,
reversing the panopticon and watching the watchers, via requiring
unknown patterns to be mapped, analyzed, deliberated upon, and perhaps
cause various subsequent actions to occur in response, whether
retaliatory or otherwise. the input of signal causing other signaling
to occur, within certain parameters and dimensions, beyond the
threshold of my observation though not of others.
i thought this was a great idea and others should do similar
activities, though was immediately incapacitated and the project was
forced into collapse via still ongoing harassment, the front line of a
hostile and oppressive political agenda that is unaccounted for in
'official media' and beyond government checks and balances, because
the U.S. is a failed dictatorial state.
obviously this is not a new idea, and there have been many people
involved in such activity...
the Surveillance Camera Players
my goal though was signaling with LED juggling clubs, perhaps
messaging or seeking connection with those behind the watchful eyes,
offering a viewpoint or event for interpretation, providing something
to see that is an anomaly or out of the ordinary - perhaps what they
are looking for, only in different terms or relations.  this is not to
mock the real purpose of a security infrastructure in times of extreme
threat, necessarily, though it is to question it in the existing
parameters and under the existing model of malgovernment, where one
group is watching another, as this aligns with political corruption
and enemies lists.
so what if hundreds of jugglers across the country found various
surveillance cameras and began to juggle for those observers of the
citizenry, though not to obstruct the view and seek to cause
insecurity, and instead to provide a temporary filling of its
framework, content, especially in a realm of public space that has
become by default *privatized* by this ever-watchful eye and its
ideology that evaluates everything in potentially skewed, self-serving
exploitative terms -- that everything and everyone could be
categorized as a *threat* in the given modeling
so what if suddenly surveillance monitors were suddenly to become
occupied or filled with content, as if a television station tuning
into programming, and in various locations at various times, day and
night, jugglers or mimes or actors and actresses in plays could
appear, and perform for the cameras, whether short skits or various
dramas or vignettes or sketches or routines.
this could extend in the mythological as well-- a troupe of black clad
stagehands could move an inflatable Loch Ness Monster across the field
of view of the surveillance cameras, as if they are invisible on the
darkened stage to the audience a short distance away, while the
symbolic foreground character reads against the background monotony of
same recorded landscape, over and over and over, as night turns to day
and day turns into night, again and again.
what then if in another location or at another camera, a Sasquatch
walks by, or suddenly Yetis appear all over, in all states around the
world, along with the odd stray Gorilla suit and perhaps a Wooly
Mammoth or Mr. Snuffleupagus. how would such events be interpreted-
are these acts of terrorism? what psychological effect may it have on
both the observed and observers, or that the observers are themselves
being indirectly and directly observed by those they themselves cannot
see, and so likewise are in the loop as under suspicion, though by
another belief system providing checks and balances and questions this
boundaries-crossing activity on the assumption it is inherently good
and should be trusted while beyond accounting for its truth, in terms
of what data is collected, how is it analyzed, how does this relate to
political blacklisting and political attacks against citizens, and so
the problem with activist approaches is that it can become about
itself, about the juggler and not what is juggled. it is not about
language per se, it is about where it grounds, in what truth and
reality, how this is shared and unshared based on how it is
interpreted, in what frameworks and dimensions.
it is not about an ungrounded in-your-face declaration of perspective
that is onesided and skewed to a different partial framework. it is
about a common framework for those inside and outside the different
boundaries of the surveillance infrastructure - providing a circuit or
connection deep within the system that can communicate or provide
context or dynamics otherwise absent, enabling review of questioning
of existing practices, and demanding oversight, yet not in the form of
carrying a sign: citizens demand oversight!
(in a worst-case scenario protest can be about ungrounded signage or
false displays that further legitimize the practices supposedly
opposed, thus functions as an illusion or mirage that is a
check-and-balance for allowing things the way they are to be further
extended via that 'public oversight' and this can be covertly
engineered, allowing a viewpoint to be signed-off on while ungrounded,
co-opting secondary relativism into the relativistic fold of pT)
in a sense it is to razzle-dazzle the statistical modeling that
everything is a threat that appears as an anomaly before the
surveillance cameras. this is also to consider a conscientious
approach to not obstruct legitimate public safety concerns, do not
block a traffic camera for instance, or other such tactics in this
context of communication and signaling of extra-dimensional
information or content for the surveillers.
and so what if "All the world's a stage" is recontextualized in terms
of ubiquitous surveillance in this way.  1,000 ballet dancers around
the world in front of cameras. 1,000 gorillas. 100,000 Yetis. 100,000
jugglers. what would it mean, what might happen to people who
participate, how might it effect the way data is processed and
analyzed. what happens to the first wave of people to take the risk of
being put on lists and politically attacked...?
this is where Jim Bell's approach for Denial of Disservice may provide
corollary. if enough people participate, the ability to attack
everyone would be more complicated and involve more resources than are
available by the given oppositional network. rules would need to be
broken, short-cuts taken, which would force quick fixes or other
tactics as retaliation.
what is known is that likely you will be put on a list of some kind.
and perhaps your life will be more pressured or something will happen
that is harmful, such as 'mistakes' begin to occur or surrounding bias
is suddenly unmasked and you will be discriminated against by this
hidden political network. that is actually good, because it reveals
what otherwise is unseen. if you can take the hit and keep on moving,
that is a win, not a loss.
the problem is: when everyone is wearing a mask as their form of
engagement, that distance also is a protective boundary. in a civil
(standoff) scenario like this, front line volunteers are needed to be
a first wave and stand against the oppression. and this requires
accepting the fact that you may or will get hurt in some way- this in
very soft terms, most probably, unless vulnerable. so if you are
demographically strong, your strength protects you against an easy
takedown. also, if you have connections, like a strong family support
network that provides protection, including monetary support, so that
you can push back against any power-based incrimination or defaming of
character via gossip or whisper campaigns, these probably inescapable
(if you are going to wage war you need people willing to fight, people
who can overcome their fear of getting hurt for the larger gains that
can be made by taking on the opponent -- actions should not be limited
to zones where no harm occurs, because then it is easy to rationalize
doing nothing is the safest route, and that is where the power of the
status quo has its edge, by defining and protecting and defending that
boundary based on fear and timidity)
it is not a situation where no one will get hurt, and participants
will be guaranteed to get medals and A's on their report cards.
something probably will happen to those who first participate, the
beast will start breathing around their vicinity and things will
change. and yet, if a group or individuals can go into it and survive
and weather the situation, within a perfectly legal framework, no
subversion or ill intent, then the law should be a protection against
any such threats or illegal manipulations, given you are not entirely
alone and can be setup or framed and taken down in isolation*
*(what if an elderly person who lives in a nursing home participates,
goes into the park and joins a sing along or a dance in front of the
cameras -- will their medical mistake soon occur and they die of a
wrong dosage or quickly pass due to unaccountable error? this is the
reality of the political situation and how it cascades into other
areas, no hyperbole. it is real, it is happening, via secret channels
and connections that carry out such hidden actions)
what if, for instance, someone went up with a flash light and sent a
morse code signal during the night into the network as communication,
or in the day time used placards as if a dylan rolling stone video,
and used the surveillence stage for conveying poetry or a perspective
of cultural importance. or, that as parade is planned and a community
marches before the surveillance cameras as if showing off their
military gear to a hidden and remote emperor.
then it was realized there is more to this situation than just
performance art or other activity on the stage of surveillance,
instead, as pattern matching is concerned -- it has a holiday
dimension to it...
perhaps the most telling thing about the meekness of the present day
is that there are no costumes with people as surveillance cameras --
the biggest joke of them all. that is, dressed entirely in black, and
having a black hat or cap with a mock-surveillance camera or webcam
attached. the more plastic and standardized the better, though perhaps
homemade would need to occur first.
it could signify many things simultaneously... that there is a
competing human surveillance network that is surveilling the
surveillers, or observing the observers who will be held accountable
for their crimes. likewise, people wearing Google Glass are basically
the same thing, yet a privatized surveillance network of citizens who
will be monitoring other citizens every day of the year, wherever they
are. it is not a costume- it is the real thing.
the difference is that the all black simple yet ubiquitous holiday
costume is for human interests, and of a public dimension, while this
is not the case for the private version which feeds everything back
into a private hidden framework where it can be and is being
exploited, beyond citizen interests and accountability for how this
information is collected, collated, and used against citizens as part
of this larger societal oppression that is surveillance as an
political ideology, as a basis for social control and engineering a
ruling class based on exploiting secrets and blackmailing and
blacklisting opponents
Google Glass is the citizen watchdog program taken to the extreme,
becoming distributed citizen monitoring of one group of citizens by
another via a remotely connected, distributed surveillance
infrastructure that becomes 'identity' itself- the perspective or
viewpoint is firstly technological, as the social relation, and within
that framework and dimensions -- it is Google-as-citizen, yet they
have more rights than every other non-corporate citizen, it is thus
their society and their country, we are merely living in it,
temporarily, until phased out
Catch Pranksters on Halloween Night with a DIY Surveillance Pumpkin
so, why stop at Halloween when things are hilarious...
why not have a national and international Surveillance Day on the
calendar, perhaps removing thanksgiving in the U.S. for this and
replacing it with thanks to the state... even further, why not finally
remove the pretense of Presidents day and finally rename it "Eternal
President Day" to ground the holiday calendar in the realism it
deserves as a basis for shared awareness- or if really going for it:
Crypto-Dictatorship Day
Hell, maybe there could even be a Backdoors Day, or make it week, or
month, or year-long or multi-year festival, as this relates to
security, secrecy, privacy, and the failed and corrupt state in its
sideological and standardized maldevelopment.
there are likely other suggestions for potential holidays and it would
be worthwhile to consider how Valentines could turn into Free Porn Day
or Mother's Day into "Hate Her" day, to finally reflect the fact that
women are treated equivalent to toilet paper in this failed society
and destroyed civilization.
what more is there to say. oh yeah-- "The Binary Crypto Regime is the
bullshit" holiday! -- that is every day of the year...

@_date: 2013-10-21 15:24:36
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: jugging & code 
there are a lot of possibilities, siteswap notation is one of these
though i never figured it out in terms of practical use, though for
those exploring and searching out new patterns it apparently
provides a mathematical framework for what could be possible
juggling is a very interesting realm to investigate for many reasons,
one of which is its looping patterns which can be changed during
the pattern itself, perhaps this a form of processing, grammar, or
syntax of some kind. likewise, color can be used to outline or to
provide additional correlations, say if a ball is being sent back &
forth over the top (think this is 'rainbow' pattern), if it is different
color than the other two balls it can help see the dynamics in
a way that same-colored juggling equipment cannot. my view
is that much could be communicated this way via LED balls
and clubs though my skills are extremely limited in this realm
whereas others excel at juggling and could explore ideas fully
i think PS4 and X-Box360 with tracking cameras would be ideal
platforms with RFID juggling balls to teach people how to juggle
via step-by-step instruction. the book Art of Juggling is a guide
for this, though also involves a philosophy of learning via juggling
which i think is most accurate about its underlying, hidden value
as a way of 'learning from mistakes' and incrementally achieving
what can be very difficult goals through trial & error and practice
it also reprograms the nervous system via ambidextrous action
of both side of the brain and nervous system and thus rewires
circuitry which can help dealing with stroke or other issues,
including coordination, memory loss; challenges, optimizes
my research interest is in the relation of juggling and music
as a way of approaching music from a different perspective,
under the assumption anyone can play a musical instrument,
if using a similar pattern based approach for exploring music,
start simple and then modify and further develop patterns,
which is how juggling works, first one ball, then two, then
three, then four... (that is my limit now, three clubs also)
Codes and Clowns: Claude Shannon the juggling scientist
also, juggling patterns could be a basis for establishing a
model for heuristic evaluation of looping hypotheses where
constellations of patterns move through a context and may
alter or change its functioning, transform the looping model
and thus what the parameters, boundaries, rules could be
if considering this in terms of N-patterns being juggled
(then likewise, what if a four or five ball pattern looks like
a three ball pattern from within a certain boundary, etc)

@_date: 2013-10-21 15:42:52
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: SRF: surveillance costumes 
References: also, in the general culture, these LED devices like hula hoops
and poi and other devices apparently appear at all night raves,
as with various electronic music concerts, where this issue can
be evaluated in terms of drugs and brain-washing via entrainment
of the nervous system, all that electronic and other stimuli then
formatting large groups and populations as if in a lab experiment
in that sense, the trance is literal, people are being programmed
or a type of submission is occurring to technological processes,
or so it seems. in this way, communion at the ~music concert.
mass behaviorism never had it so easy, the will to be formatted
and meld into the surroundings goes well with existing culture,
though perhaps this is a naive interpretation of what it involves,
who knows, maybe it involves digital genetics or something,
just the latest wave in the MKULTRA approach to citizenship

@_date: 2013-10-26 16:30:06
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: NSA, Love and Math 2 
References: (no apologies, my words are understandably reckless in the context
they arrive in, unless somehow JYA already has blasted through the
ideology in advance, creating a zone to share hypotheses within. his
support and encouragement have been vital for investigating and
interrogating the institutionalized madness. his advice to me that i
consider the electromagnetic context for my independent thesis, versus
electric only, critical to opening the interpretation beyond my limits
and inexperience. these ruminations of 'electromagnetic architecture',
though, not yet discussed or developed, though would unite many
disciplines in a new empirical structural relation. given existing
~public forums, usually my approach is oppositional, dismantling
ideas, so it tends to be brutal and is usually unwelcome. insofar as
it is about the ideas, it is not personal. the most common dismissal
is to be called schizophrenic for trying to access grounded truth in
shared observational frameworks to discuss the nature of reality.
believe it or not- deferring to logical evaluation is the quickest
route to be labeled insane these days.)

@_date: 2013-10-27 22:14:50
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: TS crypto disclosure 
perusing the NSA Borders of Cryptology diagram¹ from long ago
i kept thinking-- something all pervasive in culture is missing here....
and lo and behold i uncover an undocumented secret military program
based both in encoded sound and electromagnetic data transmission,
and now i feel it is time to blow the whistle in the public interest:::
COVERT OPERATIONS - UNDOCUMENTED CRYPTO PROGRAM
[modified diagram, attached. fair use of copyright]
¹

@_date: 2013-10-27 22:51:37
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: TS crypto disclosure 
References: well said coderman.
quite curious how in a sensor-laden environment
those who move through as noise agitators and-or
communicators think a lifetime free-pass is involved
and that no door knockers are going to arrive at each
and every address to settle scores, in similar genre
i guess NO FEAR goes a long way in some networks

@_date: 2013-10-28 01:08:22
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: hide & seek (url) 
(potentially lots of relevance here to security issues, esp perhaps mimicry,
limits or parameters, insecurity via looped evaluation of shared technique...)
1-Trick Chameleon: Predators Learn to See Through Camouflage // via digg
"...the researchers found that it took their participants longest to
spot the [prey] when they were using disruptive coloration rather than
the other strategies, and that was especially true when the pattern
was of high contrast. However, as the [preys’] contrast levels
increased above the level of the background, they became easier to
spot. In the middle was an ideal contrast level."

@_date: 2013-10-29 15:27:27
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Love and Math Reviewed by NY Times 
References: mathematic concepts are usually not actually delved into in the
educational system, at least in the era of standardized testing and
rote memorization of formulas and equations. it becomes 'call &
response' of dumb processing and I/O operations fielded to human
transistors, whereby "calculation" is a substitute for mathematical
inquiry and questioning (understanding, realization, exploration) and
instead becomes detached and forced into a narrow confine of quantity
as number, as if this is absolute truth by default of its being
calculated in this framework.
in this way 'math' can become ungrounded, short-circuited,
disconnected from its larger legitimating truth and reality, and made
subjective by its compartmentalization and narrowing via too-small
parameters and limits, forcing the perspective, via statistics,
equations, 'named' variables. as if simply declaring a correlation
between number and reality validates it as objective truth, removed of
error, as if in a pure state. this ideological vacuum then allowing
all perceived or equation-threatening data to be removed as if impure,
potentially rankling the bliss of 'divine calculation'.
quantifying a situation, modeling it within number is not an end in
itself yet has become so due to the loss of logical evaluation (beyond
binary) of these polarized, authority-based views so reasoned, as if
majority perspective or guiding self-interest is magically equated
with number even. President Clinton seemingly the biggest believer,
endlessly repeating numbers as if the truest reality, defining an
entire era of such theorization, which continues today despite the
wakeup call of 9/11 providing feedback that the equations are actually
wrong in modeling the given dynamics.
what if such ungrounded mathematics and ideological belief are the
security threat to the state, par excellence. what if wrong and
inaccurate thinking and beliefs precedes terrorist activities and
perpetuates itself as a terrorist activity from another worldview, not
as privileged, island-like.
to teach and learn of mathematics is to consider logic, firstly, as it
relates to patterns, these in terms of modeling, processes,
transformation, into a realm of 'language', where the letter and
number co-exist in terms of variables and equations. establishing what
is objective, based on its evaluation as hypotheses, proofs, error
identification and correction, in-depth consideration of the invisible
scaffolding or structure of ~number that most closely corresponds with
empirical truth in its given dimensions, as a cosmic structure
connecting everything within its interwoven, nested order that can be
identified and referenced, akin to a physics of nature and
metaphysics, yet prior to things or stuff, the essence of it involves
grounded truth that sustains the shared reality across the entire yet
hidden realm, micro to macroscopic, interdimensional circuitry.
it is incredibly easy to skew data models and equations via the
mismatch between what exists and what is presented or represented to
exist, either by ignorance or malice, so to frame a picture or
worldview upon and within which interactions take place. power resides
in naming and confining data and perception into controlled variables,
defined by some observers, picking and choosing truth to preference
some truth over others, or entirely misrepresent 'the facts' yet
within the conceit of objectivity-- because it can be said, and
assumed grounded within number. as if there is no subjective
unsteadiness with boundaries or parameters or false limits in
evaluation which _must be upheld and protected for the worldview to
proceed unimpeded in its self-righteousness, error-free, as if divine
insight, being able to claim ownership of what is true, real,
declaring it via its calculation in these terms yet which has been
removed of its accounting in truth, beyond that of onesided binary
evaluation. paradox is ignored, never dealt with. it cannot be.
2-value logic does not allow for it nor require it, and cannot
withstand 'other calculations'.
this, false empiricism of the relativist mindset ensconced within the
shallow sign of numbers as equations that become SYMBOLIC calculations
as if metaphysics at work, religious belief transmitted into the view
secured, yet of a particular or partial truth that leads and allow
demagoguery and shadow boxing, never really accounting for the truth
beyond observer ego, yet the observer in their righteousness is made
infallible likewise, because the patterns are matched, as believed,
number confirming reality. the idea that number could be ungrounded,
never in question.
mathematic awareness, such as through arithmetic, involves more than
equations. it defines a way of relating to the world and provides a
model for comprehending it, especially in its interwoven patterning.
such as the concepts of proportion as this relates to aesthetics, and
spans natural and visual art and music as concepts, including
'harmony' or 'ratio' as these may co-exist across molecular forms,
Western architectural orders, and octaves and chords in music. lacking
that foundation, the truth of the patterning, then leads into a
disconnected, disassociated realm that such concepts are only
encountered later in life, and reconnected in their truth on an
intuitive basis, never clearly or coherently understood as the basis
for these connections, versus some after-effect or undocumented
anomaly that they appear to be in a system for promoting illiteracy.
'the sign of math', the symbolic equation, replaces and stands in for
the truth of math, the truth of number beyond the sign of the number
(e.g. "1"). in this way what is taught via rote memorization and
automated reply for standardized error-checking is pattern matching of
the signage, did the equations match the variables, and not the
underlying truth in its larger parameters and daresay it, foundational
context ~as thinking. instead it is memorization. mimicry to some
extent of thinking through something that is already figured out as an
equation, and thus what is mediated is the signage, not the substance
involved in the underlying questioning, which is bounded by
'mathematics as language'. as if the issues of math equate with
learning to write cursive letters in the alphabet, so too equations:
you matched input and answer correctly = truth.
and this is not actually math, this is surface level calculation, it
is not 'thinking through mathematics' it is processing data in such
structures that are beyond thinking, bounded as ready-made solutions
for input. the calculator itself the defining tool for culture that in
turn develops computers into advanced calculators (no more), and
electronic music instruments likewise. stuck in a bounded paradigm,
predetermined in a limited realm of consideration and functioning.
highly linear, serial processing in a standardized confined format,
all based within memorization, where the 'sign' stands-in and replaces
the truth it supposedly references and represents, yet is so warped
and skewed as to directly contradict what is real and in this way,
ungrounded mathematics and beliefs based upon 'number' as if symbolic,
equated with universal truth, establishing, allowing, determining the
basis for the false reality, the false economy, the false relations,
the false worldview and perspective in all its idiocy.
here you have the basic mind-body problem turned into a structural
disconnection between mental and physical reality and thus its
mediation (via false representation) can further and further separate
these SIGNS from what they actually reference and are 'truly believed'
(or not) to represent, in that the model can be warped, error-reliant,
self-serving, and corrupted to only some viewpoints and some
parameters - whose truth beyond these limits _cannot be questions, nor
can the equations, because they are secured as ideological structures
of 'shared belief'. even while this can be based in falsity, wrong
assumptions or ill intent, misrepresenting reality so as to control
it, etc. in this way: "education" that is against learning based in
truth, and any logical reasoning that does not conform to
predetermined and vetted 'correct answers' as standardized. consider
concepts like innovation in this bounded state, what parameters are
innovating allowed to occur within and where is it forbidden, illegal.
as this relates to issues of power, authority, control over
interpretation, the notion of 'democracy' in such a corrupt framework
to begin with.
then, consider the mind-body split, as institutionalized and enforced,
as this relates to politicized interpretations of neurologists,
psychologists, and psychiatrists (amongst many others), who rely on
these 'quantified models' and statistics and skewed modeling to again:
pattern match, as if this correspondance is inherently going into a
circuit of grounded truth, and not a more surface layer of evaluation

@_date: 2013-10-29 21:13:56
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [cryptome] embassyification 
i remember encountering the idea of TEMPEST radiation
from cryptome, in terms of the electromagnetic domain that
remains unaccounted for in architectural history, and while the
questions are wide-open at that point, in a changed paradigm,
it did provide example of how differently a scenario could exist
than otherwise documented or believed to. in terms of concepts
in architecture alone, that a wall separates two areas, acting as
a barrier, when with electromagnetic and radio waves this is no
longer the situation (for 100 or more years, in physics terms).
so too, technology, that a screen is somehow bounded by an
observer's own vision, even while no others are present, as this
relates to remote observation via compromised equipment yet
also, emissions that can be sniffed via these extended physics
in a domain that remains unaccounted for, except within those
military or security contexts were security is audited this way
my question is today, how much of the security model is fiction,
based on outdated assumptions and terms of relation, such that
the observers themselves are potentially viewed 'trustworthy' by
default, or may be themselves androids with supercomputing
powers, hidden group analysis, decentralized shared perspectives
via cellular tower pseudo-psi networking, made individual, identical
in form to a human though in function operating in another realm
than is standardized, therefore any interaction could be insecure
if not accounting for crypto territory lost for defense in depth
what if they can read your mind, for instance, and see what
you see, how well would crypto function in that domain and
in what terms. the only way i can think of is to function in a
realm that is out-of-bounds for oppositional perception, that
is not going to be calculated correctly due to distortions and
that will promote errors of perception of the shared perspective
so what if TEMPEST extends into alien or hostile android territory
where surveillance is ubiquitous at the level of the optic nerve
already, such that any thought can be reinterpreted by another
and thus information and views can be pilfered - ideas that would
lead to inventions or careers, stolen or expropriated, and with an
advantage of space-time manipulation, taken over and represented
as if the works of oppositional others, as if the thinker is stealing
their ideas than the covert swindle involved structurally, based on
compromised, unaudited technology allowing for such siphoning
or data extraction, various wellheads drilled and gushing data to
be exploited, monetized in the future backwards into present day
how well does reading/writing or thinking to self or communicating
challenge or get beyond any of this, or is it forced to operate within
such confines and the security, secrecy, privacy issue involves the
way truth is mediated by the differing views, versus various many
technical solutions that are by default insecure as methods, as
the problem of the THIS IS THE SECRET then always preexists
and is structuralized, handing away the labeled data into others'
filing cabinets to be thusly exploited, likely automatically this way
if you can see through walls these days, even through minds,
and yet this is not accounted for in threat or relational modeling,
how can crypto stand a chance as an idea if the very domain it
exists within cannot be acknowledged in the terms it exists
if the above, then perhaps in a twisted drug-war context of setup,
an entire manufacturing and distribution network required, and
profit-motive of business model driving the maldevelopment that
can be exploited or used as a control for behavior or agendas
this makes me think more than anything that perhaps
security theater aligns with GAMIFICATION
there could be several concurrent strategies or co-existing
efforts though some could involve 'winning' the rigged game,
whether or not this is involved in the subversion or involves
conquering of territory and taking over the flag (sign/symbol)
of another, as if x-marks-the-spot hidden treasure captured
what does it mean to be in magazines and have work that
is reviewed in terms not realistic to the existing environment,
is it a form of disinformation or camouflage, battlefield smoke
canisters and smoke grenades, to what extent is the imagery
or projection of the World Movie readily already understood
to be fiction or farce, stage scenery and what does it imply
if the image itself (signs signs signs) are a false viewpoint,
especially in a context of unshared ID with aliens, robots,
hostile others including deranged hominids & zookeepers
how truthful is security discussion of ideas, how bounded
in a limiting context that does not include necessary data
or variables yet seeks to reason inclusively about goings-
on, as if everything is an impermeable wall, ideologically,
while knowing the porousness of its dematerialization
what if the context is too limiting, too much software,
too narrow a view of hardware in the context of discoveries
as if this are not employed in black sites, ops, projects;
meaning: mind-reading by machine, injection of thoughts,
communication via implants and cellular technologies,
existence of human-identity robots, androids, aliens,
hostile and friendly. computer power far beyond anything
existing in the commercial or public sector, operational,
massive surveillance in local environment by competing
groups as the normal situation, vietnam-war like division
of culture along ideological lines, everything politicized
at the level of decision-making, real war going on within
bureaucracy and peoples lives, while a sitting President
oversees the situation as if a detached Egyptian Pharaoh,
pleased with the dual-use development, the deterioration
and incapacitation of lives needed to do the work needed,
making it harder and harder via each next policy this way
including this correlated to attacks on citizens seeking
to right the ship of state, active hostilities against this
via the dug-in political establishment itself, hostile to
constitutional interpretation beyond their private agenda
what if the head of state is functioning against the state
in its greater purpose, and is the short-circuit occurring,
far worse than predecessors, an image-based consensus
that allows mass marketing of one-way ideology and of
mediocrity to be the swan song for a dying civilization,
as if the death cry is now the only remaining freedom
(self-satisfied egocentric ideologues hatred, loving this)
[there is this, which follows below, though another view
of it could be what is not accounted for in these same
terms, yet remains hidden in the existing landscape,
where embassyification of the built environment occurs,
whether via surveillance cameras and sensors and mics,
hidden or unhidden, as well as antenna, phone taps, etc.
say as it relates to compromised routers and voip data,
or powerline networking that can radio siphon out data,
yet could remain undocumented or unaccounted for...
though give surveillers god-like powers via this gap in
how situations are accounted for, via 'magic' technology)
the points and perspective below are going to be evaluated
in the framework introduced, as it opens up questioning to
the majority of what is not being accounted for, apparently.
yet wanted to make a technical point prior to this, and then
add to it in that subsequent context for further consideration:
basically it involves 'antennas' on rooftops of buildings,
mainly mid-size or tall buildings that also can have a
telecommunications relay or antenna array at the top,
not sure if this is called a utility nest or what, besides
elevator or door access to roof and HVAC equipment.
aesthetics here are important because the distinction made
is that there could be crypto.surveillance or undocumented
activity that is not being accounted for in evaluations of how
things actually exist and function, that allows this political
leeway and undocumented power to take hold & exploit it
for political gain, an entire infrastructure and environment
made this way, mismapped and mismatched in terms of
signage and sayings, of what goes on as it differs from
what really is going on, that a security failure of highest
magnitude- peoples conceptions divorced from reality,
thus the illiteracy allowing the covert programs their
hidden domain to function within, mostly friction-free;
except say when Duncan Campbell or others intervene,
and thus issues of how this is managed, politically, yet
also, the role of censorship, control of viewpoint and of
perspective, what limits or thresholds are observed and
when are the restrictions lifted to grounded the old and
outdated model in a newer more realistic scenario that
can help people understand and navigate the situation,
giving a change at evaluating what is going on, directly,
instead of relying on remote perspectives for their sight
in this way, the mundane antenna array atop buildings,
which could range from commercial or other applications
(state data networks, WANs, radio, cellular broadcast,
along with taxi, trucking, transport dispatch, guessing).
and that this market for antennas on 'rooftop real estate'
is booming, especially with wi-fi if not wimax or whatever
is going on with those standards. note: this development
is minus any accounting for the actual health effects of
such antenna placements and the science studies have
been skewed and disregard exposure scenarios, removing
any kind of regulation as to this profit-filled roll-out of what
can be harmful signaling that swamps entire environments,
including people and surrounding wildlife, signilified this way
consider this residential tower in Minneapolis...
now even while i only have the most limited knowledge of
any of this, having read a small book on antennas and
having thought quite a bit on the topics, it does seem quite
evident that there are six mast antenna 'spires' atop the
crown of this skeletal Rockefeller-Center-esque building
and thus underneath the polycarbonate sheath, i presume
there are six mast (dipole?) antenna, that could be involved
in a wide range of communication functioning, including
broadcast and reception of various signals that could span
from outsourced to in-house systems. likely unknowns to
the public unless there are open databases with leases yet
it would seem unlikely if the networks were 'hidden' that any
such data would say - this is a secret telecom network that
is linking together various buildings and locations and also
mobile communications. it is not simply about speculating,
to some degree or other, of the multitude of such buildings
with such antenna, somewhere within them these other
'hidden networks' must exist alongside the commercial or
other normalized services with various delineating signage
and what is referenced here is the blending of the antenna
with the exoskeletal detailing of the building facade (unsure
if it is partly structural, if outer wall carrying weight beyond
itself or not, see- no practical architectural knowledge here
in conventional terms) yet this "structure" of concrete is
turned into the plastic and metal of hidden antenna at its
peak, which then is dematerialized in this same paradigm,
and operating at approximately 186,000 miles per second,
and move through walls and extend into remote geographies
even while appearing as part of the old building structure,
its hidden functioning not apparent to those unknowing of
its purpose or what dimensions it is operating within
so consider someone who moves into the building is an
android and lives beneath this radiating antenna array.
they may be unaffected by it. as might an alien whose
immune system has adapted to electromagnetic radiation
thus it is non-toxic to their biological or genetic systems;
in contrast, imagine a human moves into the apartments
below this antenna array that involves regular long-term
exposure of massive radiation that could be unshielded
and sustain higher levels of atmospheric disruption via
breakdown of ozone, or other dynamics that interfere
with cells in the body or brainwaves, and that existing
laws likely do not require any health requirement in the
terms known to exist that it is a harmful situation that
existing scientific studies have confirmed is conducive
to leukemia and cancer, while dismissing other exposure
so a developer could sell rooftop real estate for arrays of
high powered antennas radiating electromagnetic signals,
and the tenants below may be unaware of the detrimental
health effects and there is apparently no obligation to do
anything about this, to notify them or limit such exposure
to citizens, given the existing "walls" approach to reality,
as if the situation is about concrete only, no radiation here
now scale this down to wi-fi antennas within apartments
on larger antenna atop apartment buildings with people
sleeping and staying beneath them, long-term exposure,
while massive profit could be made at the expense of the
health of people living in proximity to these antenna, due
to negligence, non-accountability, and political cover that
provides for this onesided development, ignoring costs
that go beyond the parameters of evaluation. in this way,
a question of antenna moves into the infrastructure at
large, what of all the unshielded equipment radiating
harmful radiation in every direction, filling up the entire
atmosphere with a fog of electromagnetic signals and
damaging toxic energy, breaking down the stratum of
consciousness sustained in these realms and replacing
it with cellular towers to transit such data via brute force.
if able to overlay a screen upon the world as it is, that
would suddenly show all these signals in a given space,
as if a dig of a sector of the artificial electromagnetic
environment, what would be excavated in terms of the
signaling-- would it be a realm once placid and now
incoherent with energy, a cosmic soup of data yet
that is mostly noise for whatever signals arrived and
are put to use, versus what is transmitted, broadcast.
how to account for this if it remains invisible, including
mainly in the mind's eye, not allowed to consider or
have sight of such ideas because they harm those
who are exploiting these dimensions, harmfully
the larger point here is of crypto.development, secret
projects in the mundane landscape. like when you walk
by street furniture or car barriers and suddenly it dawns
on you how this could be a torturer's place of work in
some future dystopian day, that level of correspondence.
and so setting the stage, creating the workshop & tools.
yet what may be already existing in these dimensions
and yet hidden, though likely 'secret bases' disclosures,
like those ubiquitous underground fort bunkers or whatnot
so, this is leading to an idea pondered for years now, of
hidden antenna systems within buildings. it relates to
both HAARP and high voltage powerlines, infrastructure
in that you could send up massive torsional EMF waves
into the atmosphere, not only for over the horizon radar
or whatever protective bubble or warfare it may allow, it
could also be for weather control of cloud systems and
likely switching various patterns if not jet streams (not
sure how it works) via electromagnetic influence. so it
is a massive grid array of antennas that shoot signals
or waves of energy that effects weather superstructure
so too, the long-distance powerline network seems to
have similar potential if a pulsed signal or other type of
torsional energy could be emitted as EMFs atop the
normal transmission of power. in that 'radio' naturally
is connected as radiating energy, and perhaps these
could function as enormous antenna to transmit energy
that could effect weather formation over a geography
at national and global scale, as networked, coordinated
still, quite banal, though would not surprise in the least,
given that this engineering is going on and also involves
an active political agenda. so a question of how, not if.
and then curiouser and curiouser, architectural detailing
seemingly becomes more and more superficial, artificial,
not serving a functional purpose, questionable aesthetics
then calling into question the possibility that the "extras"
could be covert signaling devices, if not energy antenna
for precisely such weather control or other data signaling,
such as reception of satellite signals beyond dish format
metal armature on nearby apartment complex
now obviously it is 'off-limits' or out-of-bounds to consider
a covert antenna array as part of a building design, and yet
if that was a ubiquitous practice in an era of surveillence and
it were occurring in such dimensionality as haarp, say that it
was connected with weather modification, such that either
a torsional pulse wave could be sent upward and channel
clouds and weather into certain patterns, and-or receive
long-wave or other data transmitted and received this way,
would it not be important to recognize a superfluous detail
that has no 'ivy' hanging on it and functions as if purely a
technical detail, no pretense of decoration even, to block
the sun for daylighting, nothing. just balls out antenna.
and yet illegal to evaluate in these domains, architectural-
wise and ideologically, because if it were true it is its very
secrecy that allows it to continue to function in this way.
speculation, yet the reality of weather modification tied
to Global Warming and shifting weather patterns, and
this connected with 'green politics', carbon tax & credits,
melting icecaps, and local & global political organization,
movement, green jobs, green products, green economy,
green buildings for fuckin' fucksake -- all this BULLSHIT
as it exists within a context of crypto.politics and also
crypto.development, a hidden agenda within development
and the state, aligned with the same coordinated downfall
and reemergence in these new, warped, confined terms
that are only realistic inside the controlled private bubble,
this becoming religion, mass media dogma, programming,
indoctrination into a value system, funneled into commodity
so, just consider what it would mean if building occupants
were covertly aligned with such an hidden political agenda
and the building itself was creating the political conditions
via engineering weather, to enable the organization to exist
and further develop - as such, if this weather engineering
is occurring, how can it not be occurring in a highly biased
ideological framework that is politicized and designed for
profit-itself, as the deterioration and disruption and control
of weather is tied to policies, jobs, products, industries,
careers, political groups, rigged voter scenarios, agendas
that are undocumented in these same terms, as is their
connection to such weather engineering as if 'humans
are at fault' explains everything, as the false perspective
and setup required for the takedown, ongoing takeover
if you exclude electromagnetism from the analysis, it
cannot exist as a building function or in its programming
yet more and more in this stealth surveillance landscape
such systems are appearing as part of the infrastructure,
who is really accounting for all this (beyond the military)
further, i have long though of normal curtain wall buildings
as hidden antenna arrays, having this capacity, perhaps
those giant loops in SIGINT or radar facilities making it
seem most likely such covert antennas exist everywhere
and how would or could they be accounted for unless able
to detect and measure the signaling, especially locally on
site, monitoring in-building power systems, "extra-effects",
as harmonics or other overlapping signals ride carrierwave
then recently, upon viewing the video of Duncan Campbell
investigating the secret intercept tower between England
and Ireland for documenting all telecommunication traffic,
the thinking about these hidden antenna went even further
Channel Four: Capenhurst Tower // video
what if buildings themselves were these secret intercept
towers, and such functioning could be masked by ordinary
and everyday aesthetics that route into hidden systems,
say a building that is line-of-site between transmitters,
or dual-use or prop-antenna for commercial services that
captures and parses intercepted data otherwise -- could
you even tell from just looking at a telecom installation
in terms of these dynamics or would you need to map
out and trace every last connection and its processing
to figure out whatever hidden functionality _could exist,
as part of a threat model of ordinary, everyday landscape
in this way, what if a curtain wall on a building was able
to covertly function as a static radar or beam energy
for weather engineering or receive satellite or broadcast
data in unknown frequencies yet appear as if a building
material and nothing else, though having electromagnetic
or other hidden properties that allow such functionality,
and then secrets, security, crypto, privacy in this context,
rule of law which may not rule over such hidden domains
does the existing 'security paradigm' involve a failure of imagination
that provides a gap for exploits to secure themselves within?
is there a shared lack of reality that is a failure of relativist thinking,
lacking open logical reasoning, modeling what is happening and how
and instead it is heavily regulated, self-censored or limited so that
conversations of existing truth cannot occur, due to rules against it.
thus disallowing naming something what it is, and the exploit of this
further, what of e-wiring in buildings as antenna. many studies
demonstrate data can be sent through such systems, and that
there are connections beyond walls of inside-outside electrical
networks in their 60 cycle hums, as equipment is aligned, and
peoples nervous systems, to this clock cycle, hidden rhythm
why for crypto no mention of EMF blocking paint, curtains,
carpet, Faraday-cage borders that limit emissions, what of
shielding to prevent EMFs from allowing data exfiltration or
other such known means of access, egress into the safe
what of health itself in terms of security in a toxic wasteland
of electromagnetic signaling, every dwelling a cemetery plot
in those dimensions, killing cells by the nanosecond ongoing
perhaps too many implants and too many cyborgs and robots
and androids and aliens commonplace yet unmentionable,
thus the reality in the silence and unsaid and unsayable,
the big secrets still the global currency while those duped
at the local level myself battle it out in a psychiatric sendoff
to what extent is truth operative in security discussions, or is
it actually disallowed, Top Secret, off-limits for this everyday,
even when and while in a state of hostile and ongoing war,
its non-documentation in these terms, its great covert power
illegality given a freehand to exploit chessboard dimensionality
truth and security go together.
lies and falsehoods, security exploits, institutionalizing insecurity.
(note: previous post uses term 'solid' as a juggling term,
where a pattern is so well practiced it is error-free and
can be juggled with mastery. dual-use, foundationally)
F1 B5   F7 D5   C4 C6

@_date: 2013-10-29 21:39:09
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: srf: reiteration (state, the obvious) 
self-reply to previous reply, referencing John Young quote:
in other words:  CRYPTO IS APPLIED POLITICS in the given domain
yet is it accurately and-or actively accounted for in these dimensions,
beyond intention and into its total evaluation of how it exists and can
be subverted against use & in relation to principles, goals, agendas
or does a lack of this security audit establish a false perspective,
perhaps aiding and abetting hidden tyranny, political engineering

@_date: 2013-10-30 12:07:23
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: crypto & security (urls) 
Why Apple Wants to Bust Your iPhone
"Economists have theories about market conditions that encourage
planned obsolescence. A company has strong incentives to degrade
product durability when it has a lot of market power and when
consumers don’t have good substitute products to choose from."
The Prison Guard With a Gift for Cracking Gang Codes
Nokia phone lost underwater for 3 months, still works
(preceding urls via Digg.com)
Researchers find a way to predict 'dragon kings' in small circuits
Cryptography: The Science of Secret Writing
book search
 Cryptography%3A The Science of Secret Writing
▧ ▣ ▥

@_date: 2013-10-31 18:31:54
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3A_Meet_=E2=80=9CbadBIOS=2C=E2=80=9D_the_mysterious_Mac_and_PC_ma?= 
naive perhaps, though would it be possible to transmit such 'radio
code' via a small transmitter, say at short range in another building,
that could send a stream of infecting code into a building (and thus
the infection could begin outside the USB framework), such as via a
small programmed microcontroller with radio antenna, either networked
or running autonomously (or would this be a pirate radio issue,
closed-in on quickly by HAMs monitoring misuse of spectrum).
further, if this radio broadcast of code were possible, one-way or
bidirectional, what would prevent this from scaling city or region
wide if a transmitter were overtaken and sending out signals to
computers en masse, to reprogram firmware, targeting via equipment
statistics or OS/hardware demographics.
just wondering if software-defined radio may be a context for hacking
computers beyond the peripherals directly attached to the computers,
such that a different security situation, boundary, or perimeter may
exist yet not be accounted for or protected against.

@_date: 2013-10-31 22:31:20
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3A_Meet_=E2=80=9CbadBIOS=2C=E2=80=9D_the_mysterious_Mac_and_PC_ma?= 
References: <20131031202352.GN10405
 <5272EE24.2040305
 <52731BA7.6050203
ok- myself the fool must speak again...
imagine you have a secure facility, locked down, faraday caged, etc,
and a freaking marching band starts playing outside the walls...
what if this sound passed through the electromagnetic barrier that
captures EM signals, and activates or accesses hidden hardware,
computers within a computer, say a quantum network wakes up and starts
to parse data in an unobservable way. that is, enough computing power
to analyze and attain targeted data. and that in turn this data is
relayed outwards via vibrations - resonating sequences, that
exfiltrate data across enough sound bandwidth to dump everything in a
short period of time.
perhaps not Captain Crunch in an audio port, yet what of hidden audio
channels or dual-use components that can function as a microphone or
exist unseen, unobservable within the given software/hardware
perspective of what can be and is monitored.
whose to say or how to know that a particular MP3 playing nearby a
computer is not capable of infecting it via a stream of hidden encoded
data that could activate a switch or arm a hostile process. what if
the security system monitoring things is somehow able to communicate
across airgaps, or -- fuckit: ZOMBIES unconsciously programmed to make
errors or mistakes that lead to security exploits, say bringing in the
mp3 into proximity to the otherwise secure computer, something
believed innocuous potentially, yet such an action cascading into an
exploit beyond USB payloads.
what components besides a speaker can also function as microphones
(listening for signals), LEDs, perhaps FET or other devices as a
signal surge or particular sequence could (if not like buffer
overflow) function beyond known parameters. what if a resonating
cavity exists inside the CPU like ethernet wake-on-LAN and knowing
that whistle wakes up an alternative network and hidden functioning.
that piccolo player outside the window could be a hacker yet outside
the threat model.
hypothetical and conspiracy, though what about non-electromagnetic
dynamics also...

@_date: 2013-10-31 23:07:25
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3A_Meet_=E2=80=9CbadBIOS=2C=E2=80=9D_the_mysterious_Mac_and_PC_ma?= 
References: <20131031202352.GN10405
 <5272EE24.2040305
 <52731BA7.6050203
thanks for sharing your insight, coderman.
i have an additional comment on a single point...
perhaps i misunderstand it, though must 'resonance'
be audibly acoustic, and would a SCIF actually defend
against "vibrations" at all frequencies.
what is referenced is the pairing of vibration in resonance,
fundamental to quantum physics if not mistaken, whereby
two identical entities can vibrate in unison, at a distance,
to include at opposite ends of the universe, seemingly
so if this were involved, not necessarily sending human
audible soundwaves, though that sympathetic vibration
(as one string vibrating influences another, say) or other
(wireless power of Tesla, though i do not know enough
to make the case) could potentially function beyond a
SCIF barrier or wall. for instance, if having a tuning fork
on the inside and a tone naturally generated else also
electromagnetically sustained on outside of the SCIF,
such that a vibration or specifically paired resonating
condition would under normal circumstances exist,
vibrations causing other vibrations -- though while
inaudible or outside normal hearing ranges, is it by
default true that a SCIF kills off that paired vibration,
else would not quantum effects cease to exist in the
materials (atoms, molecules, particles) inside of the
SCIF and have the power to detach them structurally
from space-time even. i tend to think the tuning fork
would vibrate inside the SCIF moreso than not, if it
is explored beyond ordinary channels. just a guess.
perhaps though because i do not actually have any
actual knowledge of these things, nor the science
in its depth or breadth, that this is readily taken
care of and accounted for in a security context.
either way it would not be surprising to me, that
such conceptual gaps may exist in auditing or
they may be undocumented yet accounted for.

@_date: 2013-10-31 23:27:14
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3A_Meet_=E2=80=9CbadBIOS=2C=E2=80=9D_the_mysterious_Mac_and_PC_ma?= 
References: <20131031202352.GN10405
 <5272EE24.2040305
 <52731BA7.6050203
actually need to add, regarding possibilities of entanglement
how a device could be entangled prior to secure situation,
though also, how workers could be entangled in functionality
beyond SCIF and potentially go back outside with data that
is entangled or can be read from modified patterning, this
perhaps an entropy/RNG issue of determining hidden
structure or weakening it, via repeated interactions. it is
the 'cat in the box' situation, to model Schroedinger can
occur only when the cat is in the box, to query 'health'
(secure/insecure) though if cat is entangled before placed
in box, entangled external relations can be diagnostic and
used to determine its state remotely (akin to informational
resonance as entanglement is my naive understanding).
therefore, what of computing equipment entangled this
way, secretly, or even people knowingly or unknowingly
such that it is or is not accounted for in threat modeling.
my guess is that in the ordinary day-to-day the quantum
dimensions are wide-open for exploitation, exfiltration, etc
including in basic activites, people operating equipment,
where code and patterns exist/extend beyond machinery
(whose to say a computer and persons EM waves are
not by default entangled and carrying some information
about pairing, protocols, influence, readable as structure;
that is: neurology or physiology related to security audits,
as with quantum physicists to evaluate such parameters)

@_date: 2013-10-31 23:41:03
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?Q?Re=3A_Meet_=E2=80=9CbadBIOS=2C=E2=80=9D_the_mysterious_Mac_and_PC_ma?= 
References: <20131031202352.GN10405
 <5272EE24.2040305
 <52731BA7.6050203
i must have recursion disease...
basically, the potential for:  HUMAN TEMPEST
reading signals off the nervous system to potentially correlate
this with EMF emissions of equipment, diagnostically. however
unlikely, under certain conditions could data be gleaned this way,
say if a modulated tone imprinted itself onto a brainwave or body
field and could provide information about environment interactions
then to imagine a robot or android able to siphon data this way,
if listening to CPU or other equipment, frequencies, modulations
(if recording or through mimicry) or whatever. the possibility of it.
though if observed by another there would be no perceived threat,
other than what is input and output via the monitored channels
okay, certifiably nuts. though in a realm of possibility or within
particular parameters could it exist as a threat or exploit, etc.
akin perhaps to reading lines-of-force for navigation by birds,
what if 'sensing' of computing equipment could glean data as
if a TSCM review of data structure, yet not visibly indicate this,
and for the purpose of attacks or espionage not its defense
too blade-runneresque, yet with biometrics and the rest, at
what point does a security threat model peak or go beyond
what is discussed to address the sci-fi potentials involved,
and answering this with, whatever it is: it remains classified

@_date: 2013-09-08 20:52:36
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [0] crypto obs. 
where to begin?  disclosure: i know nothing of applied cryptography though
the idea has fascinated me for a long time. the concepts involved, their
potential. thus perhaps a series of naive observations, some less useful
than others. from what little i know yet discern about given assumptions, a
worldwide charade is being played with cryptographic systems that has
become transparent, made the lies self-evident and the liars either
self-conscious or openly, treacherously duplicitous. the security game,
maybe this is, though thoroughly reliant on unstable theory to maintain the
illusion, the bullshit growing ever more deep, quicksand smothering.
it is proposed the existing 'crypto' song and dance routine buttressing
illegalities of the worldwide terror state is based on a false perspective
decades if not millennia old, which has made accounting for truth secondary
as a route to securing a shared ideological viewpoint. the problem of
relativism at its core, an ever shifting eye that exploits the warp and
skew as its means of obfuscation, a lazy route to secrecy- dumb
cryptography in some sense, if what is exchange or transmitted is not
verified as actually true, and instead circulates as 'partially true' or
'sorta accurate' though is _believed to be absolute truth in a too simple
consideration of events.
thus you could have Bob and Alice in some key exchange, who knows, maybe
Bob is Nancy and Alice is Edward in drag, and they could share [z] via
crypto exchange, software that complicates and seemingly protects the
transmitted data, and so [z] moves from one location to another, or is
pinged or relayed or somehow becomes shared consciousness, "known" such
that: bob [z] and alice [z].
Yet without establishing and relying upon its verification - not only in
but as truth - the assumption could exist that [z] by its very nature is by
default true because it is believed, versus the core data being corrupted
in the realm of ideas, accuracy of viewpoint; actual intelligence and
validation and verification of the accuracy and worth of ideas, which
ultimately must ground to truth, as close to unerring as possible, else
that is where problems creep in and erosion of shared views begins. In
that, [z]=truth could be assumed yet could be based on an ideological
framework, lacking both depth and knowledge, and instead exist as 'shared
falsity' which, if unaccounted for, has all the pragmatic worth of 'shared
truth' yet exists and is functional only virtually, as long as it remains
unaccounted for.
In this way, [z]=partial truth or [z]=falsity could be what is exchanged
via crypto softwarez. A weak point in crypto may be the data being
exchanged, its integrity and actual versus perceived value. In such a way a
false perspective could be established via this 'secured communication'
that is a secrecy based on shared lies.
And that more than anything else to me describes the corruption at the core
of crypto systems today, their total invalidity as platforms of secure
exchange and instead the means for trojan horsing and backdooring every
last electronic and photonic and emissive blip, including neurotic gray
matter signaling, as if people are just that fucking stupid to believe all
the collective bullshit this involves.
The ideological mindset that allows this, nay, the binary religion of
technocrats schooling the captive society via oppressive social engineering
into _only using 10% of their brains -  else blitzkrieg pills and the psych
ward for you! - regulates into existence a drugged compliant machine-like
population of yes men and pacified complacent children who can only
memorize and repeat, creating a supercomputer via that wonder-component of
electronics: the human slave, until a robot or more efficient part can be
made, the former natural resource to be exploited then discarded, made
obsolete for the automated state megamachine. Godless Bureaucracy that is,
just like these shithole dysfunctional computers serving its crooked
agenda, labyrinths for extortion, oppression, exploitation, billionaires,
trillions made off of this enslavement, all the while the future and hope
vanish for those so entombed, buried alive in the silicon wasteland.
These pyramids of late 20th century cities not unlike the massive
e-commerce grid of banks and businesses at scale and distributed online,
the canned CMS sites like big-box stores along highways, with long arteries
of regressive planning extending standardized mediocrity akin to the
subsidized utopia of suburban sprawl - yet at a price of infrastructure and
dilution of culture, the society made for and run by middle-management; a
realm reliant on taxes and yet with a tax system incapable of accounting
for its own transactions: such basic knowledge not taught in schools at any
level, thus reliant on a professional class and its politics of
interpretation. Illiteracy, the subtext, if even that can be read anymore.
Bad thoughts, no-no's are no-go, shaming, a certain kind walking around
like freaks in surveillance databases, no single varsity letters: scarlet
alphabets. Ah, two way mirrors and glass walls, reflections inside
refracted reflections.
The lie allowing this, the inaccuracy is the binary worldview, the conceit
of notation of truth (1) and falsity (0) as a normative pleasure and
determination, as if quiz show answering via gut instinctual response,
biofeedbacking truth via the electrode array of slime, however networked,
modeled, theorized to exist- statistics, monetization, force feedback,
saliva or ejaculatory bliss. Get the animal in the box, then drop the walls
to reveal the cage with which to drown the beast. That would be humanity,
sanitized and ultimately anesthetized then poked, prodded, punctured, and
administered the lethal injections via homeopathic drips and drops via
poisoned air, food, water, relations, environment itself- the antireason
for the ruling ideology of the puritanical who hate love and serve only
their own truth.
The bullshit of years of the universe and binary crypto is an obscenity to
the mind to calculate again and again, ever longer the lie, as if
101001010101 is some stronghold of information when for 50 plus years it is
likely quantum computers have existed in the background, nothing in the
publicly available global state uncrackable at the level of public service,
private service or otherwise. An entirely 'nother platform assumably exists
beyond this non-sense. That said, this is based on the reality of aliens,
time-travel and other state fair ephemera, the deep-frying of collective
consciousness, counterculture onward, not removed from any of this
civilizational exploration and development and instead, driving its
evolution and devolution simultaneously, acid in the water supply as the
insurance plan for speeding up armageddon, to the point today of completely
idiocy as the conversation mediated, regurgitated, forced to swallow and
share vomit again and again.
Great Society, eh? The damned never had it so good. Living like kings and
queens, freedom of opinion, shared views, messaging, gossip, "secrets".
So the game seems to be a false perspective based on a binary worldview
that becomes software that fronts for this cultural maldevelopment that is
moving towards increased *ignorance* and *incapacitation* of citizens,
rather than towards their liberation and providing tools for the control
and governing of said lunatic murderous state. Boot licking not enough for
survival, extinction is the only placeholder for humanity in the algorithm,
these other populations whether deranged hominids or robotic-workforces of
sell-out cyborgs or shared-POV androids, their goggles glass already,
whether false eyeballed, contacts or frame, able to relay and relate via
'shared state' in other dimensionality while dumbstruck humans have no
words to match experience and are disallowed from thinking and thus
thinking and intelligently communicating beyond the rubric of the already
always corrupted viewpoint. This, relativism's schtick.
Even email software standards degraded to disallowed cave wall comms,
inline diagrams disallowed, uncontrollable word-wrap, menacing nannyized
webware making sure helplessness is ever increasing- now THAT is a service
economy. The deception, deceit, hatefuless encoded, encrypted in these
events too. Hidden, secrets to be revealed or not- depending on one too
many wrong thoughts that tease open the nightmare and make an
irreconcilable differance, then and now.
The malice involved, key, mendacity at every level, crypto protecting that
shared lie, how secret is it really and what if it becomes transparent, the
crypto is not protecting anything because it becomes "known" by others,
observable via other effects, actions, every intricacy reliant and
structuring its worldly manifestation.
Most likely the only way worldwide communications could feasibly be cracked
in real-time would be by undocumented technology and storage and involve
other physics, perhaps the quantum computer an entrance into the weaving of
interdimensional entanglement into every life and object- else in a
clean-room simulation, this a contingent magic realm of converging parallel
worlds, partly true and partly artifice (actively reengineered,
reenactment) to fuse-form past and future into the present, some military
project of the future recreating model civilization under various scenarios
to unite them, bring them together then run them live together as a best of
all possible worlds gambit, who knows, maybe that master narrative is
nothing of contemporary history as if sorting out the past into respective
file cabinet folders of previous beliefs, as if more explanatory,
geopolitics of today better explaining the existing path than- say- Old and
New Testament. In other words, writing and views of today incapable of
fitting that data into its box and instead it is vice-versa, better
explained in reverse, more insightful and informative about the how and why
as a shared frame of reference. The wisdom of believers in the roughest
lands holding steady over centuries and millennia of this deep connection
more grounded in the political reality - the stakes - than a coddled soft
carebear of somatized educated class of the privileged, their morality on
par with mold spores.
Stay happy, stay healthy, the diseased open sore puss filled atmosphere
chokes against each breath, constricting further the phlegmatic release of
black bile into spittoon of once-open mail list culture, now sanitized
germ-free and wet-wiping nose fingers and ears for any trace of
contaminating residue, giving away the game, that yes- "we think you are
all idiots to believe this and we are taking you for a ride, suckers!"  Not
only are people making these bets, their careers, mortages, children's
futures are reliant on its sustenance. Hmm, GO figure. Black and White.
Semaphore of cryptic communications, the ops, Platonic mirroring of
language, role of the cymbal, its transmutation via calculus. The reliance
upon shared truth, understanding, awareness for secure interconnection-
grounding as it were, a ground state or condition, like a neutral antenna
that naturally fevers when in contact with truth, love. Shared empiricism,
foundational. The accuracy of accounting for truth in its absolute verse
dilute state. The scale of consideration being 'the internet' itself is the
cryptogram, junk DNA the profile moreso than the fiction of a series of
zeros and ones, laughable as a stage-set and huckster paradise.
[infinity] x [infinity] x [infinity] ... {N}
The model presumed existant. A string such as
TK32LJ35DX_4SJLSLU&* need not be decoded as binary to obtain
its meaning. Instead, it could be multivariant, exist in superposition, an
intricate puzzle or maze, beyond the two dimensional, involving collapsing
code, parallel structuring, trap doors, and cascading transformative
dynamics given the key, which could be multiple in a bounded context of the
infinite. Then scale that to all information and data coursing through a
shared framework, the global network, including connected global minds as a
noospheric calculating nervous system, natural, artificial, virtual- and
what have you if not something more in-line with random event generators
and spooky action at a distance, crystal ball computing scenarios, where
the mind itself as an observing entity chimes in with the flow of the
aetheric wind making its way through structures and circuitry, that
familiar hum and tune of validation, the submerged conscience moving in and
out of the lapping waves both above and below the waterline.
   YHS
   DFK
   UYX
Given literacy, a tiny box could contain some meaningful information for
someone, somewhere. Depending on what is shared as truth, it may or may not
be decrypted or decoded by another or others elsewhere. It could be assumed
perhaps to contain only one correct answer- "this is its truth". And in
doing so, the revealing would validate its truth via correctly removing its
binarization. Whereas in an 'analog' (perhaps) approach, or gradient, it
may coexist in binary and other systems of consideration, parallel
interpretrations, some right, some wrong- it could remain a question and in
a realm of mystery; or even involve nesting of codes within other codes-
who is to say the code actually is the code- how do you know Alice is not
actually Edward in drag? So, the issue not only of truth, whatever it may
be and its reliance upon shared value (which could be a lie), though also
of indeterminacy, the contingent, the potential impossibility of knowing if
not having the correct viewpoint, and again the issue of calculability- can
its meaning be deciphered or the information decrypted of all possible
combinations and permutations not only of the "numbers" or "digits" (as if
1 and 0 finiteness) and instead in their inherent symbolic mutability, say
for any given perspective what those various patterns or combinations or
collections of data could potentially mean- in any given context. That is,
any thought from any viewpoint of any aspect of this event in its entire
potential for meaning: could a computer calculate that, and how would it be
able to decide what what is what not intelligible, especially if A.I. based
and reliant upon preexisting and preestablished scaffolding of meaning.
It would not, instead of a single answer there would be a vast ever
increasing span of probabilities, big-bang inflations, interpretation
inside nested interpretation, as data relates in and between cosmic
circuitry. The grounding in truth of one acronym in relation to another, or
one number pattern traced into 7-segment like display versus another, and
here we are dealing with infinities within infinities, as a potential, and
their tuning in and out of various scenarios and ~sequences. Maybe it is
useful, maybe it is not- what is required is massive computation along with
massive competence, and if enemies do not think alike, their very attempt
to crack or decipher or decode by default reveals their own perspective and
scaffolding, the wonderful self-same biasing of onesideness that is the
binarists weakness, such that the very action of trying to relate across
the boundary of ideology punctures the threshold of their own security and
breeches the psyche with other thoughts and ideas, questions and
assumptions, mindworks and frameworks as the calculating machines take hold
of external 'truth' and try to engineer and mold it to fit their needs.
This is a self-creating labyrinth in reverse, as the security of binary
crypto is made insecure outside its ideological domain, that terror maze
created and sustained in the stupidity of false absolutism turned
inside-out and incapable of mediating the very possibility it confronts.
The crypto itself is the trap. The core of an unshared idea, truth as the
foundational of shared reality- versus its compromise, corruption. There is
a difference between right and wrong, yet to those who do not distinguish,
they do not know which is which. And thus false views easily erected, even
if having the code and the keys, the variables within variables allowing
paths to precede the investigation, hints and clues and signage until
hovering above the tarpits and ground disappears.
The type and grammatical rarer, whose zoo to this. Ahhh. Just fucking
breathe... and via that inhalation, taking in the poison pill whether via
ears eyeballs snout or gullet or antennaed skinsuit, fingertips at peak of
inner domicile, circling around like a crazed bird trapped inside, til
figuring the way out, and then back in again.
Another type of crypto, core to language, its metaphysics, its calculative
pattern-based scaffolding, potential for unifying human awareness,
communicating shared and unshared views, parsing truth within the noise of
degradation, cross- and inter- and multi-cultural. Not pop-cult BS, here a
song there a song everywhere a song-song, kick the bastards out of
civilization and let the airwaves be filled with pure commercials, no more
charade, waxing lyrical about sentences, binary transmissions of "diary
music" and follow-alongs into the cattle chute, queued and awaiting
slaughter by compatriot handlers.
The Binary Crypto Regime (BCR!) is the bullshit par excellance!
Hocking bullshit trapdoor code to exploit users in the hidden terror state
dynamics, traitors. Every last device backdoors, weaponized alarm clocks
and TVs that can be TSCM tapped to remote view, who knows if your speaker
system is going to be entrancing you in the night hours when that little
blue light repeatedly turns on even when turned off. Lightbulbs as
speakers, speakers as microphones, here a data logger, there a data logger,
everywhere a data logger...
You think people are that fucking stupid to not differentiate computers
made to exploit, with chips and protocols themselves designed by spy
agencies worldwide, and then being held under watchful omniscient
private-eyes, multiplying across the grid, across society, across
landscape, this false perspective all knowing that presumes to 'know' TRUTH
via this absurd binary mindset, a realm of childlike belief and
infallibility in assumptions of a protected, privileged exploitative class.
Now that is a trap if ever there was one, to be in that central position in
the panoptic assemblage. A VERY BAD AND DANGEROUS PLACE TO BE. Anymore not
paranoid of consequences for that level of betrayal would best wise up and
get medicated quick, cause it can only get crazier and crazier on the
How many licks of the boot to get to the center, the deep core beyond the
false door of inner mountain, underground bunker society of black op
civilization, all that is feasible indicates a barrier between worlds of
knowing, and the crypto of state is not of this domain, not of its
computers or software, and like bunny suited FAB workers at the
assemblyline, dancing together with machinery in the ongoing orchestration
of circuitry, the hidden hand or tripwire of entanglement is triggered and
magic happens, that ephemeral state of connectedness and shared being,
alien to the ordinary and mundane of ever present surveillance in
electromagnetic hell, and from this that vantage, within such a context,
the surveillers are themselves being surveilled, all is known about the
mockery of the human race, its holocaust via planned demise, and those
holding the fake steering wheel, pockets full of money and hollow
lifestyle- the cruel and wicked machinery their destiny, their love, their
meaning. Terror itself embodied by lost souls with dead or non-existent
What if the only secure crypto is based within grounded truth. And that
this is reliant upon context and scale, of cosmic dimensions. And of
populations, numbers of observers. Those false may presume shared awareness
yet it is finite and also artificial to a degree, affected, existence in
the key of nothingness. Whereas those grounded in nature connect with its
circuitry and values of life, and in this, of love, and of love, true love
that transcends normal boundaries and involves pre-existent shared
connection, an already-knowing or 1:1 relation, as if once whole, then
meeting in a separated condition, realizing this wholeness, and having that
as an understanding, a foundation of truth as the value, its validation and
verification via its observance, and service to the shared principles.
Empirical truth in this way would only be possible, seemingly, through
already achieving this "absolute" knowing of shared connection as a basis
for other empirical observation, thus values of honesty, integrity, shared
destiny and the human project. In knowing true love, it is to know and be
connected with 'the absolute' in its truth, and in this way, provides
reference for other observations and relations, particularly those lacking
love or truth, which then tend towards falsity or are absolute lies. This
polarization, the yin-yang duality and the particle smashing encounters
between reason and anti-reason indicative of the differing paradigms,
realities. One is real and the other is a contingent unstable false view,
yet has achieved governance of the state, which due to such stupidity could
only have happened by design. They own binary computing and crypto. That is
domain of thick layers of bullshit layered over and under and throughout
every last detail of existence via these scum.
You want to sell me a device that enables you to spy, cheat, exploit,
extort, tattle, subvert, control my life, and another device and another
government program and another educational degree and another family member
and another corrupted technology and another corrupted communication or
message or idea... And you think you are really SMART for getting away with
it, smarter than everybody else because you _think you are running this
game, not realizing the setup. The global civil discontent this relies
upon, those dangerous dynamics, as if the ploy is fortified and not meant
to fail once the supports are pulled out. A trillion stresses could appear
out of nowhere with the wrong data breech, opening wide the once secured
though always fictional private properties of oppression, the inner
workings to be massaged as egos wade above the surface, unaware of the
sharks both visible and invisible, eyes on their first, long awaited
This is the difference between intelligence and those who are 'smart' in a
finite, non-philosophical sense. Reality is not as simple as an equation,
and if it were it would be a highly accurate equation of extreme precision
and resolution. Obvious errors would have no place, that just is sloppy and
not cleaning up these things would indicate a certain presumptiveness of
relations between those who think they know and those who know better or
more or actually developed the cosmos. Instead the binarist as ideologue
can believe they 'know truth' and use it to create and sustain a charade or
false perspective, requiring masquerade and built on shared lies, and think
no one is the wiser who is on the outside of this duplicity. This is where
'partly true' is equated with 'wholly true' and 'mostly false' is made into
'totally true, just ignore the vagaries' which is the obey and proceed
model of workforce indoctrination and mindwashing, er the educational
system. That there is no effective feedback in a society reliant on
cybernetics and circuitry is a massive tell of top-down autocratic and
dictatorial aims of such administration, and in this way CRYPTO emblemizes
the detached arrogance and contempt of a mass mediated surreality force-fed
to a beaten down, poisoned global population, where each and every person
is configured to oppress others by their very existence, this most notable
as 'economics' where the concepts of shared destiny and basic exchange are
hijacked to have the money only serving some people while others die
horrendous torturous deaths due to no food, clean water, shelter, and live
in environments of rape and torture and oppression, in addition to be
overtaken or held in regions of perpetual war to sustain this insane
automated machinery. The money itself is tyrannical, its monopoly paper,
and yet figuring it out is off the table, it is all or nothing, a onesided
evaluation at every considered stage, as that is the only option, to play
the rigged game by those who operating within the illusion of total
control. There is no place for love in a world like this- nor truth. That
is why it has been engineered out of existence. Unspeakable,
uncommunicable, unless it is happening in other channels, outside the
limiting framework, which it is.
Today it is likely the meat in the supermarket is fake, artificial meat.
There is every indication. So too, sensors grafted into flora and fauna.
And brain-tapping of consciousness by others as part of the surveillance
regine. Sci-Fi today. So beyond the bullshit, the neutrality of "silence"
and secretive HUSH-HUSH quietism is presumably to protect what is already
known of this condition, no one wants to say or be held responsible for
saying what more actually exists as it exists, if not for fear of
life-ending consequences. And yet a data breech- of ideas- of the ubiquity
of surveillance which itself asks a question- well if the government
obviously can tap everything in real time globally, what is the real
government doing, and how does that relate to known surviellence far beyond
this in terms of methods of control, whether RFID or other sensors in teeth
or various chemicals that trigger walk-by monitoring systems as this
relates to recognition systems, facial and otherwise. Tracking of people,
selling of data, subverting of equipment via purchase triggers for
corrupting via software bugs. What of, say, a musician that legend has it
went offline decades ago, is not their false identity being tracked like
everyone else and accounted for. And if special privileges, in such
ubiquity, would they not need to occupy an exception list, and thus at some
level the data could be known, and thus old school anonymity is likewise a
false future, even if politically connected, due to the need to pattern
match, account for, at the level of each person a potential threat to
society. Are they are zero or a one today? What does the department store
returned items complaint put them at, or the mistaken debit card exchange-
has the scale tipped, the feather become lead? DOOM.
What is presumed is that any surveillance that is occurring in onesided
dynamics is itself not secure as a binary system and can be 'logged' and
thus crimes against the human population can be documented, in parallel,
and you'd have to be idiot to believe otherwise, reliant on a safely
embubbled worldview. Say a dwelling is rife with monitoring and used to
oppress a person held in an illegal prison by a dictatorial regime, that
very technology that is the oppressors strength becomes a weakness when
what it is doing can itself be monitored- it becomes legal evidence, and
can lead to real-world consequences for those involved.
The recent film The Numbers Station had a story of a code broadcasting
station in England that automatically sends out a dispatch that would close
down a spy program and this process was somehow subverted due to a security
lapse. At the time, once a particular message was relayed, a kill list
would be sent out that would put into action a self-destructive sequence
based on targeted assassinations. This would be automatic. Once the list is
out, there is nothing fuzzy involved, it is presumed "TRUTH" and becomes an
order. And so its very existence in the system, as the code, as the
instruction, determines its validity, its truth, otherwise it would not be
present in the message. If you were to read such instructions it would not
be debatable, there is no going back. Kind of like the launch sequence of a
nuclear missile, past the point of no return, warheads launched to multiple
sites. And let's just say for convenience that this is of a binary mindset
and a shared awareness is already secured- such a transmission is
equivalent to fate. It is just a matter of when it is going to happen, how
it will be carried out.
The weird thing about it is that few things are this absolute in normal
life, and even in government today it seems most of what is occurring is at
the 50 yard line or middle of the playing field, and the goal posts are at
45 and 55 respectively for tallying points. And yet, white to white and
black to black, yin-yang, it seems as though through osmosis or other
cultural filtering, that the 'human' is congregating on one side of the
field and the anti-human on the other, both with their kill lists as part
of the real world consequences of bloodsport and destiny. And that is also
where cryptography resides, in these same dynamics. The thing is, one
crypto system may be reliant on an unstable foundation for its
decision-making, unable to deal with uncertainty, and thus requiring the
middle zone for its continued functioning, to exploit the similarity while
secretly and subversively pushing for polarized difference, every closer to
a game winning touchdown. And there could be every indication via media
that this is the situation, that is the 'shared awareness' of the common
lie that frames the society, towards this loss via its exploitation.
And yet likewise and opposite, outside that simplistic binary viewpoint,
the ambiguous realm of paradox, myth, superstition, and magic, the
metaphysics of language and mathematics- another realm of crypto where the
algorithm is secondary to truth and does not seek to determine or limit or
confine it to something less than it actually is. This is the human realm,
and its crypto occurs not within the same parameters, though can still
connect through, inside, outside and around the binary structuring- it
occurs in archaeological finds, anthropological studies, cryptozoological
investigations, indebted and embedded within deep reasoning of truth and in
the same way as artistic insight, reveals the shared reality and brings it
into alignment with other structures of truth, its circuitry, local,
global, yet also cosmic, involving life itself as the current and currency.
In this way, perhaps like nothing else comparable, aesthetics are the basis
for this pure communication that carries with it a security of the
intelligible, where fakes and imposters and mimics are easily revealed, and
the labyrinth walls built. In this, the secret messaging is
multidimensional, it is of culture itself, ancient, of those here first and
of shared being. A deep investment, with trickle-charge connections
everywhere into capacitors storing the wealth of truth held outside
existing society, a Pluto-like condition of non-recognition and title loss,
does it exist or not? And thus an issue of non-belief by those who cannot
fathom another perspective beyond their own boundary, any truth beyond
their self-serving onesided skew that the ungrounded relativism and
corrupted empiricism allow - effectively invisible and unthinkable, that
this is not a football game, the stadium is a lie, and game-over remains
with the same consequence, yet they cannot read nor even imagine the
infinity codes that are circulating everywhere, and if they do try to
figure it out they will bring about their own demise by trying, as the
walls and blocked passages are erected around them until they have no where
to move, checkmate ad infinitum. Thus the final accounting mentioned, of
truth and falsity. That is the real issue of security within the cryptic
exchange. Corrupt ideas will perish, and those who serve them will have to
face the consequences of their actions.
In this way, like Jim Bell's Assassination Politics, the internet is
essentially a metaphysical Numbers Stations except those reliant on the
false perspective cannot read the 'signs', it only mirrors their viewpoint
back to them, the self-certainty of absolute infallible perspective- a
position of God over an enslaved humanity. It would not be possible for any
machine to calculate the infinities involved in parsing every possible
combination of encrypted messaging in real-time, nor like a random event
generator, comprehend the significance of changing constellations of data
as it is intertwined across manifold and myriad interconnectivities -
circuits - that like a cosmic intelligence are a form of omniscience in
service to this empirical truth, as it is grounded in merging perspective
of shared being. The level of awareness may remain unrecognized, the
intelligence completely hidden in its cosmic scope and span, the only hint
of its depth, hated and ignored theology that feeds the heart with the
divinity of love, and reminds of the importance of virtue, including
service and sacrifice, and faith, even in the worst scenarios.
Those who submit to truth, it absolute requirement for the foundation for
life and the role of logic in establishing reality, would operate within a
different sense of cryptography than those who rely on shared lies and a
finite reductionist approach that seeks to determine what is acceptably and
allowably "true" as a means for exploitation. They seem to think a massive
string of binary digits is indecipherable to those whose world they exist
within. The clue is that their entire system has been backdoored from the
very beginning. The oppressors positions of greatest strength are actually
an illusion, they are instead their positions of greatest weakness- it is
just an issue of taking it down, collapsing the structures, accounting for
truth amidst a false stage-set civilization built upon shared lies. And
thus in any given text or image, in any given exchange, critical data of
humanity could be coursing through the veins with missions and intelligence
and instructions and taking into account those naughty and nice, and this
could be actively tallied and ready for implementation when those fate
triggering events potentially occur. And so whose side you on- who do you
serve- what is your purpose, why is your crypto illiterate to the cause,
why the bullshit in times like these. Tick tick tick... tock.
Perhaps that is the big reveal: To find out who thinks this is actually
believes this is a game of football underway and not soccer, ferchrisssakes.
The enemies of humanity do not stand a chance. Do you believe in chance?
p.s.  paper - scissors - rock
what if ideas on paper are wrong, theory not hypothesis
what if rock is artificial, hollow, toxic or cracked
scissors if dull or manufactured to break, a+n.

@_date: 2013-09-12 00:31:27
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [1] crypto-p.wd 
some ideas... //
there appears to be huge intangibility involved in cryptography, belonging
both to highly advanced mathematics and its mediation in designs of
advanced technology, as if betting at the limits of what can be known - in
extreme territories and with potentially massively powerful tools where the
ideas, hypotheses are tested. and yet failure may not be readily known,
even by the cryptologists- if peer-review and mathematical and security
advances are compartmentalized (deep state capacity versus everyday
society) or oppositional capabilities, perhaps some 'unknowns' have been
solved for some time and are the basis for breaking existing codes and
creating others. again, a naive person like myself may think this is what
p=np and calculating largest prime numbers are about, those those only a
small sample of a different security-driven secret landscape of ideas,
techniques, and technologies that may be nowhere near public or even
private discourse in day to day civilization; again, this assumption based
on an otherness or differing capacity for crypto beyond existing technology
and public encryption standards.
strong on mathematics, strong on technology- yet what about strong on ideas
as the basis for the code? what about the secret communication dimension,
not just Bell Theorem signal and noise, also Saussure and others with basic
models of communication - have these assumptions become dogmatic and
assumed solid when instead they are ready and ripe for exploits based on
misconceived notions, like a social viewpoint that is accepted and
unquestioned yet inaccurate or even to a degree untrue, then allowing a
false viewpoint or perspective to become standard, able to be exploited
from the start due to not fixing the errors, and so on... those being
errors in thinking, in conceptualization, in assumptions of 'what code is'
and where it begins and ends, and the issue of its conceptualization and
especially ~understanding or meaning. utility is a much hated word though
in an infrastructural sense perhaps relevant, and likewise: purpose.
this is where i contend that "code" that is assumed 'true' by its very
nature of transmission is insecure by the assumption that this viewpoint is
actually shared in a model of trust that grounds to truth removed of
errors, versus partial truth or even a fiction that establishes an
illusion, behind the security mask of encrypted communications. and is that
level of auditing going on with the messaging, what is transmitted- and
where does the code actually end-- is the model of encryption
-simplistically- only an issue of creating a container to send data within,
thus in some sense providing security and cover for hidden conversations,
and thus like a brown paper bag that goes from point A to point B and
blocks any attempts at intercepting the contents (say anti-magnetic,
un-x-rayable, etc), and is it a binary data model that scrambles the
contents within this container to an indecipherable format, related to
particular cryptographic equations, and via key exchange or other means,
can be decrypted and the message taken out of the brown bag when confirmed
to safely arrive at point B. and should someone gain access to the bag,
they may only be able to investigate its outside, and if advanced enough
perhaps the bag would degrade or disintegrate over time or by any attempts
to access what is on the inside of the temporary security container.
a horribly uninformed guess of the dynamics perhaps, though issues of mass
or targeted surveillance of encrypted data (say by NSA or the local police
force, in a terror-allowed extra-judicial surveying getting around the
bureaucratic blind-eye syndrome, not everything dealt within the courts
these days if ever it was) - then perhaps the brown bag is actually
instead, via the capacity for decryption and key-escrow scenarios- a
transparent ziplock pouch containing the message that is meant to be secret
and thus the data is accessible both at its origin, along its route of
transfer, at its destination, and in any storage capacity, potentially. And
perhaps that information could even be stored off-site in some database-
perhaps the ideal model for the security state, just like the fantasy of
electronic health records-- who could feasibly do a better job of this than
a ubiquitous surveillance state- what would the ur database of secrecy be,
would it be a data warehouse in some desert or underground mine somewhere,
with all the hidden information of peoples private lives, chock full of
lies, betrayals, indictable offenses, then to be queried should *any*
citizen step out of line, in any political context- to call upon electronic
blackmail or other data to shape, sculpt the future state via such
exploitative information operations? is that not the fear at least, about
unrestricted data gathering and loss of trust for where the boundaries are,
the law no longer seemingly protecting citizens or held as a hypocritical
Damocles sword above each individual, should they question the state,
bureaucracy, its authority and various representatives, public though
especially privately connected, advantaged, as if now you are on the wrong
side- no chair for you when the music stops.
it just seems like so much is riding on the infallibility of a model that
has obvious weaknesses, in particular the serialization and digital mantra
of long numbers and calculation in a particular ~style of computation, as
if somehow the peak of intellect, while seriously flawed both in its
thinking (rendering a too simple worldview as binary ideology) and its
technical limitations (leading to abysmal computing for human beings,
though great for dumb and powerful machines). Try to eek artificial
intelligence out of a concept that is not grounded firstly in truth,
inaccurate models detaching quickly from human values- humans serving the
machines, trading life for the toxic necropolis though also a structural
idiocy built upon the falsehood, unstable, which is why the ideology must
be 'absolute' and basically monopolize options- the barrier of the binary
is keeping people away from understanding and being able to shape
technology, its obfuscation and abstraction far away from 'thinking code'
that was once the goal, so everyone could program a computer and instead,
only a professional class can do it, and it is so horrendous in terms of
implementation at scale that devices are basically hobbled together in a
mish-mash of oftentimes conflicting code, if not having such design issues
as the basis for exploitation, for weakening software to disallow any brown
bag or secure website to possibly exist, though held within a context that
ideologically presumes and declares the brown bag scenario is the default
situation, versus the transparent ziplock bag, whether cellphone data kept
from the manufacturer who monitors it for statistics and advertising, to
others, including government, or home computers that are like ant farms
these days in terms of potential exploits, like a plague environment where
quarantine is likely not even possible anymore, especially with TEMPEST or
keyloggers or NFC or whatnot. cancer is not only devastating the
populations, there is a cancer of ideological code, a virus-like contagion
that has overtaken technology and is best, most iconomically represented by
the binary digits of 'digital ideology' as if progress in some backwards
mind-washed and societally-engineered global cesspool.
What is that stream of data exiting or entering my computer? -thinks the
naive person to themselves- is it my bank records being pinged remotely by
the local magistrate to use against me in an extortion scheme or to frame
me and cause my downfall?  At some level, this is the universal currency of
computation today for those who can use and "program" the devices to do
things, though of course it is reliant on computer architecture, processor
design, transistors themselves and if 2-values are the approach, that
establishes a structure that influences everything within its functional
domain, as a kind of superset operation 2(everything).
Thus, an issue like "literacy" in a very limited context may be if you have
foundational knowledge and can understand and comprehend the situation
involved, (in contrast to omniscience as a basis for literacy.) Those who
have this 'binary computation' literacy then are able to program computers
to do things via software and hardware designs, and particular systems:
e.g. a security model that becomes crypto technology, via customized
hardware and software development. And that likely is based on certain
assumptions about how things work, yet within a particular (binary)
framework as the overall, largest, or overriding assumption. A situation
like qbits or spintronics potentially upsets the model or analog
computation (if not 3-value or N-value) best suited for artificial
intelligence in that 'grey area' is vital -- retaining "unknowns" or
"neutral" states -- as part of the consideration of IDEAS within a
computational and analytic context, versus forcing an answer, most
especially if this is premature or even inelegant and in its lowlier
determinism, degrades the question in achieving its answer, dumbing things
For people to succeed in society they have to become binary machines, think
like on/off switches, a quick way to success if taking on machine values
and reinforcing them, and in this way the binarist has found their religion
in a false absolutist framework that has also killed though within the
educational system, universities in particular, where ungrounded viewpoints
of subjective relativism (a=b) enable an authority to determine truth, thus
trump any errant thinking, and allow the machine to proceed on its
political path, via its own antihuman values, much of this supported by tax
dollars, loans, and lifetimes of tithing-- to gain what exactly- "the
correct viewpoint of a person who can function in the machine, as the
machine, become the machine, extend its principality".
For those not literate enough to program and much less to design crypto
systems in that context, the binary code itself is the encryption- the
opaque wall that is impenetrable, a mystery behind which all truth in
society is either captured or missing, held outside of, and thus
delegitimated by its absence (~nothingness). In this way, the existential
no-exist crisis, everything reliant on a computational system and approach
that has disenfranchised humanity, yet people are told and sold on the
faith in corrupted technology (and corrupt ideas) that the whole mess
actually works and there is a hidden purity in it all, behind the code you
cannot understand nor fathom. That it is actually beautiful and not
horrendous and a terror, "you just do not and cannot understand", unless
indoctrinated, made literate. And most everything keeps that from happening
for certain people on the outs with those running the exploitative power
game, which is also part of the 'idea'. In that limiting access, segmenting
populations of those who can and those who cannot, then is active political
science as computer science and its development. This leading to the online
webwork and network culture of today which is more a global junk drawer
than anything else, civilization turned into foolish wasteland, the trinket
icons for social media most like those thingamajigs put in the safe zone of
a baby crib for the enforced society of mass adolescence, by DESIGN.
So for one of these fools, myself, for me the binary code is a form of
encryption (or perhaps encoding with an incapacity to decode) that carries
with the mystery of perfectly hidden communication, that only few, masters
of this realm, can deal with to the degree of breaking actual cryptography
that is further embedded in this modeling of data in what seemingly amounts
to electric charge and magnetism as this is moved around and stored within
circuits, on an individual local level and as it relates to vast global
networks and congregations of such data in what are likely only
"pseudo-empirical" models, not dealing with _absolute truth and instead
reliant upon a shorter quicker route that estimates what truth is using the
same binary ideology, which tends towards reliance on ~subjective
mathematics; subjective in the sense of A=B whereas objective would be A=A,
relations involving like and unlike.
Plato enabled the questioning of paradox, accounting for it, whereas
Aristotle apparently deny its existence- and this more like Aristotle's
world. Both could be correct if delving into it, modeling it, figuring out
how the relativism fits into a shared model of truth- it could be an issue
such as allowing for time that favors one view over another, for instance.
And yet if assuming 'everything was known and figured out' and thus
"absolute truth" could be determined, after all the facts are in, then an
A=A approach may be valid as an unrealized hypothetical, a model of truth
that is highly accurate towards truth (95% +unknowns/errors) that is then
essentially "truth" yet remains contingent, based on falsification or new
data that tests and challenges the model, further solidifying or tweaking
or undermining it. This is the assumption of the binary 1, absolute truth,
and in contrast 0 as falsity. As if a daily encounter people can categorize
their experiences within. That is, as an idea, as an ideology-- yet
throughouly in the bed of relativism, without grounding in a larger
error-correcting empirical truth, and instead reliant on the local
individual skews and warping and distortion of uncorrected observations,
shared and unshared, as a basis for 'infallible' assumptions and
presumption of truth as an easily accessible, decidable condition- a choice
as it were. A right even, for an individual to determine what will be their
specific reality on a given day. Flip-flop circuitry, today it is true
tomorrow false and in two weeks truth again. No sliding scale of the
N-value analog of looping probability (.1 then .8) nor 3-value grey days in
the neutral or unknown middle zone (1-N-0) -- instead, like 'the only
correct answers on standardized exams" in the indoctrination system to
brain wash humans into machine ideology for pre-programmed, exploitable
functioning, there is always a right answer available, and someone has it
and will move ahead and those who question or think differently are
challenging the machine, breaking the ideological coherence, and must be
removed as if defective transistors, part of the corporate state business
model of mass manufacturing human components into a living global computer
based on machine values.
And what is proposed is that an assumption exists in cryptographic models
that involves this issue where, most basically, the assumption that A=A is
itself not accurate in the least, including at the computational or
hardware level, its architecture, as this then evolves into software, which
"ideas" then both are born of and born within what likely are
'inaccuracies' of thought, of consideration about IDEAS themselves that are
the basis for the code and the secret communication. A lot of assumptions
could be wrong, including at the level of messaging which crypto may assume
is A=A by default, of shared grounded interpretation when instead it is
most likely A=B by default, a question, a very grey-area of consideration

@_date: 2013-09-12 01:17:17
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [1] addenda- artwork examples 
typo collage by Laslo Moholy-Nagy, 1922
jasper johns alphanumerics
 on quantum correlation-- discovered in first image search query for
Jasper Johns examples...
transparent ziplock with acid written on it, yellow letters inside, by Ray
Geary (?)

@_date: 2013-09-13 23:25:28
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [2] sampling 
more ideas...
--- re: transparent ziplock example ---
In the previous post addendum [1] the following link was provided for
artwork that demonstrates a most immediate aspect for how "cryptography"
can function within everyday language situations in a realm of mutable
signs and symbolism.
transparent ziplock with acid written on it, yellow letters inside, by Ray
Geary (?)
Here is a quick viewpoint for how it might or could be read, whether or not
the intended meaning; (basically it potentially involves superposition as
the letters could be in different positions of rearrangement (ACID) given
their movement in the bag, so chaos or arbitrariness are inherent)... the
off-kilter AC could reference 'alternating current', referencing a back and
forth movement in relation to power, [if not also air conditioner], the
letters I and D could ping the idea of 'the id' which is a dark realm of
the psyche where subterfuge may exist and their backwards reading, Defense
Intelligence. Likewise the letters C and I could relate to
counterintelligence (CI) and intelligence community (IC). The 'C' and 'I'
could be put back together into a second capital letter D which would
change the four letters to three, leaving ADD as another potential. This in
a context of acid as mentioned in the previous post about ushering in
armageddon, forcing splits, etc, as the context for 'variables' and their
meaning, grounded or not. If you think about it though, the assumption of a
secure "brown paper bag" instead being an insecure "transparent ziplock
bag" - including with its contents on the outside as a 'signage' - it has
interesting corollary to issues of both a false encryption regime, which
essentially ramps up the paranoia level, though also the jumbled letters
may also signify more could be occurring than simply a repetition or A:A
relation between what the signage says (ACID) and the contents (A,C,I,D) in
their structurally detached 'linear' state.
For instance, a search of the Internet Anagram Server for the word ACID
only provides two possibilities for rearranging the original meaning using
these same letters, the original word itself (ACID) and (CAD I). And yet
just looking at acronyms or other 'known' cultural examples - shared
libraries of knowledge or understanding as it were - then opens up other
levels of interpretative possibility. In this way, concepts such as
counterintelligence, defense intelligence, intelligence community,
alternating (power) current, the id, who knows- AI and DC even further,
then potentially "decrypt" actual meaning or relevance to what it may mean
if the supposed security of encryption is knowingly subverted and yet the
lies are being sold as a mainstream perspective- and what that may result
in, in terms of a transparency within "security products" and industry.
It probably is a lot more involved than this, such that there could be
levels or layers to encryption that exist beyond 'the letters' in the
transparent envelope, which is assumed what is actually happening in a
double-model where security does exist, yet is invisible and extends beyond
the signs as delivered, carrying placards "this is a secret". So perhaps
counterintelligence is built-into encryption, as a trapdoor and some other
encryption approach functions as a failsafe within that, yet unidentified
or unmediated using the same approaches, algorithms or conceptual
communication channels. Which was the point about language, though likewise
could extend into different mathematics that take 'the message' received
upon decrypt or before decrypting, and decrypt otherwise. In other words,
the artwork provides example that the external 'sign' read by surveillers
and the transparent package contents could be assumed A=A, whereby
ACID=ACID and it is of finite meaning as a decrypted message, whereas if
the label (ACID) and the contents could be interpreted beyond this via A=B
analysis, the message may not be decrypted if the assumption remains the
inside meaning is bounded only at ACID, and not involving AC, CI, IC, DI,
ID, DC, ADD, etc.
Another aspect would be if noise was added such that a number 1 replaced
the capital i, as the label and contents, and then "keyword" software may
never consider ACID as the word or other connections, due to a category
error, such that the set {ACD,1} may not be interpreted that way
machinically, if not programmed for this basic substitution, and thus AC,
DC may result though nothing like CI, IC, DI, ID, which would bound
potential meaning as a result. Whereas these substitutions could be obvious
for a person who is on the lookout or reads this way, such that texts can
function like puzzles and if in a context of secret communications, can be
solved or resolved via such methods.
It seems then an issue of *how do you know* what is a correct
interpretation? And that is again like cloud-code, scrying, crystal ball
skills involving the revealing of patterns as they align with other
structures, and find grounding. The decrypt, whether from another person or
'psychic intelligence' tapped out of noosphere, relies upon the observer
and their state of being, sane to insane, and how well they are grounded in
truth, or reliant upon falsity, and how this interpretation either is
stable and reliable or destabilizes and leads to paranoia and
self-destruction by not having the skills to mediate ideas from within
noisefields, like a Random Event Generator or scrying device. A high-risk
thus could be involved and without a solid foundation in truth it could
lead to significant problems in thinking, with high likelihood of losing
mental grasp with day to day existence, and thus promoting a schizoid
condition via unanswered or assumed perspectives, the hall of mirrors of
wrong assumptions, and all the private chaos that could generate and also
be noticeable to others, as a person goes off the deep end into la la land
or no man's land, a point of no return, which can lead to extreme behavior,
justifications, etc. Thus the issue of limits of interpretation and
personal limits of awareness, could cause one person to immediate violent
action due to unresolved, unlivable mental conditions whereas another may
be able to think or understand beyond that boundary and continue
functioning. So the psychic snap effect is likely related to a threshold of
awareness and understanding, the ability to find and attain grounding in a
world of subversion and locate a path to continued existence. This would be
especially interesting if those who realize they are trapped then are
provided an opening, turned, via these same means, because there is really
no way out of it once captured within the labyrinth. It is final.
Another cultural reference, somewhat analogous is Johnny Carson's repeated
skits of Carnac the Magnificent, where he takes a sealed envelope and holds
it up to his head  while wearing huge turban (perhaps secret tech inside)
and derives an answer for a question via psychic investigation of the
contents, which then is tested against the actual question in the envelope,
opened and recited, completing the joke.
Johnny Carson as "Carnac" from 1974
This appears in some way equivalent to a false encryption scheme (via
psychic key escrow perhaps) that allows encrypted communications to be
accessed and read remotely yet appear secure and untouched. Perhaps this
root access or god-like access would be assumed in any scenario of
civilization in a context of power struggles, how could it feasibly not be,
and yet perhaps a further consideration would be *malice* and misuse of
this potential, versus a beneficence, watchful eye, protecting aspect. That
could equate to *trust government* at some point, yet what if the
government interfaced is venal, corrupt, contemptuous of human values and
no longer serving the citizenry.. or more specifically- only their private
citizenry. In such a case, the false encryption could bound or trap their
activities within it, while allowing them to monitor enemies using the same
technology, and so the ultimate setup scenario could exist via and within
the corruption. The nightmare of state, by comparison to comedy skit, would
be if a person could query the ur database of secrets at any time, get an
answer, and use it against you for their personal and shared group
advantage, for an antihuman agenda. There are indications this is actually
what is going on, including with blacklists, and it is wide in the open,
businesses and organizations micropoliticized, 'standing armies' even
within workforces, conflicts mediated by control over accounting
spreadsheets and expenditures, who gets access or moves ahead and who is
sidelined, versus overt violence. Soft war, balkanization, though also
Vietnam War fracturing, taking of sides, forcing splits and oppositional
dynamics within daily environments and interactions. And then these kinds
of activities, supported by supposedly 'secure' encryption involved as
infrastructure and the "complexity" of that, all computers, their
obfuscatory aspects that can be both a hinder and a help if the subversion
or false floors are built-into the code regime, and when triggered for
collapse, impaling ideological adherents in response.
Related to this would be psychic activity as a basis for shared relations,
as it relates to shared knowledge or secret communications, versus those
who are not like this. Perhaps the toxic pollutive wi-fi blanketing
environments is a countermeasure, to short-circuit the atmosphere, fill it
with thick signals of electromagnetic fog to disorient the tuning of
interconnection even. Such that not only is it promoting long term EMF
side-effects of cancer, the wireless radio and computer and cellphone
signals are jamming and blocking the mind from functioning, both inside and
between individuals and the larger group, in additional to animal life,
including colony collapse of bees, etc. What is not active covert warfare
about these crimes against nature and humanity? Instead, "bureaucratic
language" can choose to only validate and interpret one side of the issue
(binary bias) that sides with the same technocratic agenda as delivered by
scientists and technologists, made standard, made a basis for profit and
'the economy' that is functioning against humans and the earth itself. And
because both the role of electromagnetism in this situation is actively
censored out of existence and because "logic" itself has been removed from
education entirely, such that relativistic pseudo-truth based on
authoritative control has essentially become the means for dictatorial
power, that *no feedback is possible* to correct these mechanisms because
they are actually part of the masterplan, decades if not centuries old and
underway, to defeat humanity. So what if observers are not even allowed to
think, allowed to freely observe, and a natural state of being even becomes
criminalized (in some way perhaps related to anarchists and libertarian
issues or policy views here). What if that state or corporate agenda
actually diminishes a society's health and vast many peoples ability to
think or relate in a *sane context* versus an insane, unstable, toxic,
sick, unhealthy, oppressive environment. Think kindergarteners who go to
then go to the same gradeschool and junior high for 8 more years, sitting
in classrooms for hours a day, in direct proximity to a massive active
cellphone tower that is without question bathing them in sickness inducing
toxic radiation* via long-term exposure- and that likewise, people in
apartments are likewise criminally exposed to such hazards, by design. What
allows *words* to have so little shared meaning that the truth involved can
be removed from the signs, via legal -protection clauses- (security), and
cannot be related back to truth, to defeat the scam? People are literally
dying and being made deathly ill, for profit, by the obfuscatory approach--
like that transparent ziplock, the evil planning agenda, and yet nothing is
or can be done to stop it apparently because LOGIC is absent from
reasoning, people are illiterate and unable to communicate about what is
actually going on as the situation has been made ever-more 'variable' via
relativism, you can choose what to believe and have a friction-free
lifestyle versus consider other humans, the results of decisions. And thus
Babel fully realized, complete incoherence of worldview and local
observation, everything is skew, warping and distortion- all of it as
simple as the Binary Code Regime allows. It does not exist, just keep
believing in the false perspective, stay within the herd that is benefiting
and surviving- you can be one of them if only you let go of your delusions.
(*not to mention interaction between EMFs and cellular signals and
industrial chemicals in the body, breakdown of cells, and relation with
psychiatric and other pills which can trigger other effects; obesity,
diabetes, cancers, skin problems, and other issues potentially connected to
electromagnetically saturated and compromised environs.)
It reeks of Fahrenheit 451 dynamics, say the wrong thing, think the wrong
thought, share or relate in the wrong dynamics and an alarm goes off
somewhere to justify a potential security response that likely involves
breaking into your computer, remotely monitoring everything you do, going
through all health, education, banking records in a context of "terrorism"
or potential enemy of the state, future citizen criminal evaluation, that
can also be used as a map for take-down and behavioral and social
engineering, suddenly you lose your mate, lose your job, cannot get
rehired, etc. Blacklisting would be expected if there is unchecked power,
carte blanche to take down enemies of a hidden dictatorial agenda. That is,
a private takeover advantaged by a onesided viewpoint that is governing the
security state via its corrupt ideology. A public takedown of humans, so
there is no longer any illusion of having control, it is a charade and
masquarade and at some point the liars will need to be counted in the same
way they are counting everyone else. A double encryption scheme could
account for this, say a next level standard that is 'not exploited' yet
similarly backdoored and trapdoored.
Further, basic dwelling as embassy. Whether in-built systems or dual-use
off the shelf consumer electronics made to TSCM tap, say wireless speaker
systems-- what surveiller could ask for more, unless of course including
trance-inducing or hypnotizing technology as part of the arrangement. There
are probably 50 ways within every domicile if not more to fully keep track
of people, from relaying of printer and scanner data to viewing through TVs
or listening through radios, to siphoning data through mice, keyboards, USB
drives especially, routers, as if there is no limit even, and this likely
possible remotely without resources on-site or locally. Plus the technology
itself is toxic and in its design specifications, EMF-wise, the emissions
can cause illness and disease, yet they are not identified as such- so
completely onesided the 'reality' involved. And who benefits? Those making
and making a living off of this death-machine and those who serve its
agenda without considering the sell out and consequences. It seems for some
it is a known pogrom with genocidal intent, which they live to support,
through normalized doublespeak and cloaked similarity while polarized,
pressing onward. Reason does not work when people do not observe truth, the
antireason crowd has the debate, they own this crooked language, law,
state, its policies of mediocrity. And it is as if no one is the wiser
because of the silence, and thus the *alarm* when someone actually says
something 1:1 about this situation-- SECURITY ALERT! SECURITY ALERT! -- as
if even constitutional rights are a threat to the state now, because it
ruins the party going on for the group benefiting from and building out the
false perspective. Hollywood must be involved, it is just too perfect, too
fictional, too much like a stage set, yet for the ignorant they may not
realize the difference, as it confirms 'true beliefs'.
Thus likely it is part of a long-ago strategy, this then the big reveal,
curtains opened on the security theater, its players on stage, before the
proscenium, taking on their critical roles in the performance- voicing
their rehearsed lines, going through the scripted motions as required of
the social engineering, whether at grocery store or in government
positions, making decisions one by one that influence things for their
betterment, undermining culture and civilization in the process, all the
while smiling or smug, a self righteousness afforded most to the
ideological carried as a scent, fingerprint on the bounded limited psyche,
these, the self-same lot those grabbing cellphones and pointing directly at
others- diagnostic scans of the borg, counting, monitoring, 'watching' as
all-seeing private eyes, tallying elsewhere their observation into warped
skew of shared view, corrupt yet to them - divine, highest, a view of
privilege and entitlement, everyone else stealing from them, selfish,
undeserving, while they dismantle civilization itself, their end game is
ending humanity, a rationalists conceit, believing themselves smartest on
the block- oh how that had to be fun to set this whole cosmic takedown
up... The pain of living through it, centuries upon centuries, something
different, though ultimately it will be worthwhile to rid the world of the
plague of such a deceit-filled organization.
(It is like the model where the Devil is the greatest servant of God,
leading the unbelievers to their demise, the ultimate double cross and
sacrifice unimaginable to most all yet ultimately of shared love and
commitment to truth. Versus, say, the 'real devil' who sees themselves as
the real leader of unbelievers, himself the false God, their king, etc. It
fits the terrorism/security model quite well, actually. "Bomb plans on the
internet- here's the link... hell, here are 5,012,202 links to sundry and
unsound activities... go for it!")
--- literacy in relation to truth ---
It is proposed that there is mass illiteracy in the culture, as part of
this overall design for its takeover, that has subverting the reasoning
process to that of behavioral science and its methods as a form of social
control via pavlovian conditioning. Bad thought! leading to "no think" via
pills, therapies, conditioning. Contra, bad thoughts everywhere via
advertisement, forgetting values and exploiting urges and instincts, making
populations animalistic in relations and self-evaluation. So a question
such as how an individual relates to a situation may be assumed they have a
foundational understanding and awareness that was once cultivated in the
education system though has further and further become detached from the
lived reality (especially its technological escape velocity from any known
documentation explaining what exactly _is going on, in the terms it
actually exists).  And thus expecting that people are operating at truth
(1) and accurate observation for relations could be largely mistaken for
most of the population, and thus 'groups' and individuals could be building
their consensus around more what amounts to shared lies or shared warped
views that include and rely upon errors to support their limited thinking
and frameworks, which could be spoon fed to them via news and talkshows and
popular communications. In this way, relation could occur in a vast context
of falsity (0) to start with, and some very minor truth may occur what is
effectively a false world view that only locally finds grounding in some
accurate, temporal way. For instance, "I am married" instead of "My spouse
is a robot" or imposter in the nightmare scenario, whereas for others this
may be for them utopia.
And movies and books have made critical contributions to recontextualizing
the present, such as the Matrix and Truman Show as related to living within
a simulation, or cyberpunk literature or other bridge-building between
views, as these go back into old and ancient ideas, and issues of whether
they are surface interpretations or find grounding in relation to the
foundation of knowledge, via logical reasoning, and referencing and
accounting for shared beliefs in terms of ones and zeros, hypotheses
necessarily removed of errors. Yet holier than thou dogmas occur and
lifestyles emerge, the cult of culture, where entire scenes are based on
the shallow superficial *image* and the actuality can become yet another
alphabet for letters, words, and sentences, more diary-based activities,
more like a theme park of state, carnival rides than deep investigations-
as if getting tattoos is the signifier for a meaningful life, versus doing
things that correspond to those tattoos beyond mere consumption and trend
following. Thus the image of the thing, and the thing itself, and issues of
copies, copies of copies, and dilution of truth into something ultimately
opposite, ideological, dissimilar. What once may have had truth or
"literacy" as it were, instead becomes in some sense "illiterate" and
removed of its original truth and conditions for existence, if not
Personal Computers and networking for public citizens from homebrew to Dumb
Terminals in service to the Corporate Terror State and the global junk
drawer, hand over your passport, drivers license, health and banking
records, all private documents, secrets, and we will let you continue to
login in and use the network for hedonistic pleasures.
Thus questions related to a security model based on shared/unshared
communications, and various combinations...
   a.     illiterate <-----> illiterate
   b.     literate <-----> illiterate
   c.     literate <-----> literate
In 'shared illiteracy' there could be a shared false POV that functions as
truth (T) yet is only pseudo (pT) that tends towards falsity (0). This
could be exploited in crypto whereby the sign=sign yet it is a deception,
thus the decrypt is what is expected though a false perspective, thus
relaying and serving up B=B though believed to be A.
In the asymmetrical, doubling aspects of true and false could co-exist,
various siphoning, whereby literate could coexist within A & B views, rely
on A while sharing a false view of B as the relation with the illiterate
via bounded, threshold interaction, so from the illiterate side B=B would
be the only reality shared in the exchange. In this way distortion, warp,
skew function as camouflage by reinforcing ideological bias, perhaps itself
a form of conditioning via confirming bias, no questions, no new answers.
Also, feedback from B could occur, thus pulling information out of
exchange, like animal training perhaps, this probably normal for most
exchanges in terms of manipulations within some dimensions, whether
business or personal.
And then assumption of A=A relations in relations and communication
exchange within shared grounded truth (1) that may have some errors (A=B)
yet be identifiable, recognized, within the involved dimensions. This is to
clarify, in contrast to the first example of shared illiteracy that while
shared literacy 'shares truth' it still would be of the domain of
pseudo-truth (pT), the difference being that it tends towards 1 (absolute
truth) and not 0 (falsity), unlike shared views of illiteracy that are
ungrounded and continue to detach from whatever may correct the viewpoint,
increase the understanding, etc, because it may not be ideologically
necessary, even.
Then to consider "encryption" and crypto in a such a context of actual
intelligence and ignorance of varying degrees and dimensions, that again
may shift given context. A very smart person could be highly literate in
binary code and programming (c) yet in terms of intelligence in a larger
realm be incompetent (a) and both of these occupy an issue such as secret
communication and secure exchange, such that they may "believe" crypto is
secure on ideological grounds due to belief in technology yet without
considering the ideas and thinking beyond that context, due to illiteracy
of ideas, thinking, conceptualization, that could then be exploited in an
unshared situation (b) whereby the asymmetrical pseudo-truth shared
exchange can be exploited...
   pT(1) <-----> pT(0)        whereby:
   pT(A/B) <-----> pT (B)
In essence leading to a falsed shared state of the second observer in
shared falsity (B), tending to zero, and allowing the first observer to
double in a contained accurate view (A) while feeding and interacting in a
false view of B.
The pseudo-truth of the first tending toward truth, and the second toward
falsity, yet perceived as if a shared state by the latter in an
asymmetrical relation due to 'not knowing' what they do not know or remain
unaware of, via bias, threshold, limitations. And thus errors, skew,
warping, distortion relied upon as structures can be security exploits.
   1<=A|B=>0  <===crypto===>  B=>0
Note: a shared viewpoint of pseudo-truth thus could be shared by observers
one and two, where for the latter it appears both share the same reality
(0) even though it tends towards falsity, where from their perspective it
defaults to absolute truth, if uncritical ideology is confirmed, though for
the former this could be known, a deception, and thus knowingly
misinforming while functioning in a realm of truth (1) beyond this
In this way, the first observer could even send a message to the second
which is decrypted, verified as 'secret' and send this further down the
line, which could still be encoded or encrypted, should it encounter
another who is of the shared 'shared awareness' or literacy, whether human
or machine, and therefore if the view was hidden it could bypass or go
beyond the observer (say surveiller) via the bounded interpretation or
knowledge, and yet still be deciphered by some other observer down the
line. Perhaps this most possibly in a context of ignorance or more advanced
approaches, beyond the capacity of the second observer to gain any clues
about via observation.
It would thus seem that 'zoning' and 'tiered access' whether hidden or
unhidden could relate to this issue of "perspective", a holographic quality
even given access, angle, or dimensional perch. Maybe this is sliding scale
and is about more/less knowledge, thus literacy and more literacy, that
paradoxical back and forth, so that in certain views if deception it would
actually be true that B is the higher state, say the Binary Crypto Regime,
where those adhering to standard A are viewed illiterate by their
dissimilarity or incapacity even, and thus strong crypto (knowingly false)
is knowingly presented and sold this way (B=A) as a deception, yet via an
ideology founded on pseudo-truth, lies, such that their ungrounded A=A
equations and assessments tend toward zero by default, when outside their
limits of control, and ability to govern over its action and
interpretation. Thus the importance of maintaining and exploiting illusions.
--- more on pseudo-truth --
Without spelling it out entirely, beyond 10 as an approximation, it is
to suggest that in ordinary, normal reasoning processing reliant upon truth
and logical evaluation via empirical structures, shared grounding in some
sense of observation removed of errors as the standard, that the ability to
ignore this leads to illiteracy and ungrounded belief, *faith* in what can
amount to falsehood or inaccurate views due to lack of rigor,
accountability, and built-in ignorance in terms of not knowing as a part of
being, and the role of learning in moving from less truth to more truth
over time, via cybernetic feedback and improved decision-making and
observational capacity slash awareness. If education is short-circuited,
this improvement process via critical evaluation may be broken within
individuals and then their group relations in society, also with family
deterioration. If debate is short-circuited due to ungrounded relativism
and their being 'no need to see things similarly', as is the subjective
default, then faith can take over and people can choose what to believe
based on its profit to their immediate sensibility.
Thus a potential for relation could exist in that each person has a
capacity for some ignorance and some intelligence, or relies on some
falsity and some truth within their observational frameworks...
   A|B  <=====>  A|B
In this model A is assumed to be pseudo-truth tending towards truth (1) and
B is towards falsity (B).
       A <=====> A
In a grounded ~empirical resolution of shared observation, contingent truth
via tested hypotheses would enable 'shared truth' to exist in A=A relations
between two observers, and this could be the result of logical evaluation
and debate.
The plague that is relativistic ideology breaks this process, and allows
ungrounded observation to exist as if A, without removal of errors, and
thus 'unshared A' which may only be hypothetical and untested and
uncorrected outside its controlled private boundaries, based upon
"theoretical" beliefs, heavily invested in a binary worldview as its
intellectual justification, cherry-picking data that confirms the viewpoint
and ignoring the role of falsification and error-correction as part of the
process of grounding ideas...
    A (1)  <===/  /===> A (0)
Everything is equal, unless the false-viewpoint is in control, say of
education, then 'truth' (1) can be censored out and presented as 'illegal
thinking', while the false view actually is reliant upon and moving towards
falsity (pt=>0) and is actually an A=B situation, though disallows debate
that has facts and argument indicating B=B is the actual substance of the
corrupted observation. And thereby discourse must stop, and the default
machine progression of institutional ideas thus favors this
closed-ideological approach or 'theoretical observation' that is inherently
ungrounded, untested, and essentially reliant upon and promoting a fiction
for the shared reality to which others must conform to proceed within
institutions of learning and education, which function against ideas,
against learning, and against society in their day to day agendas, except
insofar as it benefits those who serve the goals of this subversive agenda,
who then likely are doubles and very smart yet duplicitous or extremely
ignorant and selfish.
  A -----> A|B
The function of debate in terms of feedback has been to provide empirical
and observational oversight to ideas, such that panoptic qualities of
additional views of a situation can often held refine the limited
perspective, and therefore any observation of error (A=B) could be
recognized and corrected.
  A <-----> A
In this way, empirical resolution and refinement can 'improve' ideas via
shared observation and this can be a back and forth encounter between one
observer and another or one observer and many, or many with many- the
belief in bugs and eyeballs, which seems opposite of where the code is at
these days in terms of sensible understanding. That is the bugs are
normalized, errors prolific and rife and relied upon, the beast of
antisecurity making its fortune on the pT=T exploit now a structure of the
technology, this protected even by subverted law, ah how language has
become detached from its reliance and verification in truth by the
relativistic mindset and its beliefs. unbelievable, the extent of the
corruption, making its way into nervous systems and reprogramming people to
believe and serve lies via brain washing and other methods of
  A|B <====> A|B
The potential for debate then is that each side has some truth and falsity,
and if ungrounded these 'shared observations' in pseudo-truth via
relativistic frameworks can lead to 'shared falsity' that tends towards
zero, in terms of the sliding scale, where "ideas" communicated are reliant
upon scaffoldings of wrong assumptions, errors, flawed thinking and
beliefs, skew and bias, such that whatever contingent truth may exist and
be shared, it would be reliant on massive falsity to communicate and share
and thus exist only as a minor aspect, homeopathic amounts, a tincture
within a much larger frame of flawed observation, and this normalized as
the basis for exchange.
  B <=====> B
In this way 'shared truth' could instead, if ungrounded and reliant on the
errors for its structure and sustenance, be *believed* true (1) yet
actually be so minor and reliant on false belief and wrong assumptions that
the pseudo-truth tends towards falsity overall, if taking into account the
context needed to sustain the truth, its container of other ideas and
thinking, most likely flawed ~ideology that no longer asks question and
relies on previous answers or a particular observation becomes solidified
as 'the POV', thus limiting the questions to a finite, skewed model that
requires its errors to be continued as a viewpoint, keeping opposite views
outside, allowing false utopia to exist inside.
Whereas if partial truth is accessed in an accurate framework, this same
contingent aspect of discerning what is real and actual and existent via
observation can be removed of errors via debate, and what is true can be
separated from what is false.
   A <====> A
Thus observers could validate the same truth (A=A) while simultaneously
recognizing the errors in this condition (B=B) and thus instead of relying
on the errors, discard them or learn from them, yielding what is accurate
from the forces of skew, warping, and distortion as force fields aligning
with disconnected truth yet not relying on these as if they are themselves
unfettered truth, which relativists allow and require and celebrate-- THE
BULLSHIT basically.
In the above example, as a situation moves from A|B --> A, via logical
reasoning of grounded empirical observation, pT=>T, and falsity is removed
from the process of shared communication as a structural framework.
Subvert logical reasoning, disallow it, including freedom of speech and
thinking and censoring and controlling what facts are allowed - controlling
POV - then the opposite occurs:  B ---> A, such that  pT => T
This is the crypto exploit of the Binary Code Regime, where B=A(0) and
And it is the same ideological 'code' used as an authoritarian means of
control over debate, to stop error-correction and install a false POV as
the shared false 'empiricism' whereby truth is ignored, logical reasoning
disallowed, facts censored, views onesided, and right answers based on
'authority' - power over ideas, versus ideas themselves.
In this way, ~Enronomics goes beyond accounting for Sokal Hoax of
financialization and into classrooms and minds everywhere, engineering
'shared pseudo-truth' => 0.
It must be said also that 'bullying' and the ego of the oppressor
oftentimes is part of this relation, pT>T, and likewise B>A, and goes hand
in hand with the bullshit regime, and in this way intimidation or the need
of the powerful to let the oppressed know they are superior is a security
lapse, revealing what hides behind the facade of security theater.
Thus false POVs, vanity, egotism, sadism, and flawed assumptions of
observers should not be discounted as security threats, weaknesses or
strengths for hack/crack attacks. And this is certainly accounted for
already, though it seemingly is not being accounted for in ideas
themselves, their truth (1) in a shared empirical framework. Thus what if
crypto is protecting or reliant upon bad ideas and yet this is not being
accounted for due to social issues or non-mathematical variables of a
civilization in ruin?

@_date: 2013-09-13 23:37:19
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [2] error correction 
quote:  Subvert logical reasoning, disallow it, including freedom of speech
and thinking and censoring and controlling what facts are allowed -
controlling POV - then the opposite occurs:  B ---> A, such that  pT => T
Subvert logical reasoning, disallow it, including freedom of speech and
thinking, censoring and controlling what facts are allowed - controlling
POV - then the opposite occurs:  the viewpoint of B 'overtakes' A such that
an error-reliant pseudo-truth (0) = truth (1)
This is critical to establishing the false perspective, basically a hack by
removing logic from reasoning via faith-based binary ideology as a means to
control 'programming' populations, institutions, the state and world itself
via what amounts to submission and servitude to lies and the grand
Note: this relies on B=A which leads to B>A and pT=T, which leads to pT(0)

@_date: 2013-09-14 13:43:44
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [3] sampling continued 
statement and clarification.
quote: Subvert logical reasoning, disallow it, including freedom of speech
and thinking and censoring and controlling what facts are allowed -
controlling POV - then the opposite occurs:  A|B ---> B, such that  T => pT
This is the code exploit of the Binary Crypto Regime, where B(0)=A and
--- clarification on computational approach ---
I made an error in description of processing in the context of infinities,
stating one infinity to the next is evaluated as if a serial approach when
instead this would be nonlinear and require massively parallel processing,
along with serial evaluations in a looping evaluative heuristic - testing
against a hypothesis or model, 'running code' or living code' as it were,
versus a static one-time interaction of data and algorithms, instead more
like a situation of intelligent life in a bounded context as if data
aquarium or code planetarium.
the reason for this parallelization relates to considering all the combined
permutations in terms of probabilities, and thus [x][y][z] as variables are
not necessarily, seemingly, about an algorithm that reveals a structure
that helps move from x->y->z by some mathematical structure, or so that is
my naive guess, such that if you use conventional crypto approach something may be revealed between these that matches an equation pattern,
provides order within the chaos of variability, until legible,
In other words, instead of XYZ being a serial number that could extend
linearly onward toward infinity, that is: [xyz] ...[∞], and that "string"
is a horizontal number or code, that can in particular be related perhaps
to binary on-off processing in a highly efficient manner, processing and
computational speed and largest prime numbers as context-- instead, the
assumption for this same situation in another crypto framework is that it
could be happening 'vertically' like a slot machine that runs to bounded
infinities (largest primes or not), within each variable, and thus [xyz]
may not have a discernible linear structure or overall equation that makes
sense of the resulting 'horizontal' string. such that:
   [x][y][z] => [n¹][n²][n³]...[nⁿ]
whereby [n] is variable and could be anything- a number, a function, a
calculation, null, its own computation. And in this way, each variable
could tend towards infinity or its own structuring, within the string,
whose length is not so much the issue as the difficulty in resolving its
total structure, especially linearly, such that [n¹²³] would not be
decipherable running algorithms across its horizontal string and instead
solving for each variable or say grouped variables in the string, eg.
Thus, while i have no actual idea of how crypto and binary code relate in
terms of encryption methods and decryption, it is assumed this approach
remains serial and directly interrogates the serial string to reveal its
structure, across various formats of the code (various programming,
encoding and other data formatting schemes). Thus, a binary string would be
an example, 10100011001010001010101010010101, whereby to solve for
[xyz...n] would involve finding the overall linear structure that provides
for such linear organization, say assuming it is encrypted code
*)S)*S*))SA&*S&**S()S*S)aAUIHNL*0, and therefore the assumption would
remain that each variable is related to the next in some 'coherence' and
solving one part or layer may reveal another, such as
HSKSLLILHSILALSWLWLSDUI and thus the string [xyz] is made intelligible by
this coherence within the linear string, across that massive horizontality
(very large streams of data that contain data and programs and messaging).
Whereas for a paradoxical logic approach, each variable could itself be
'many' in place of a single bit- or the boundary of the single bit could be
[N] and move towards a bounded infinity, a mathematical function, or other
calculation in that same location.
disclaimer, stating the obvious, i have no idea what this is in terms of
applied cryptography, there is tremendous gap between these statements and
actual code, though to me the approach is much more accurate as "thinking
code" that involves human processing via logical reasoning, parallel and
serial processing, and thus the very idea of a string of code in that view
could also function as signal in noise or even absolute truth, in terms of
messaging. and so it is obvious 'binary thinking' is not like everyday
evaluation in the sense that there is grey-area to mediating events, a
pause to decision- yet within this pause, bounded infinities of hypotheses
can be queried (referencing previous instances in stored or external
memories) that then influence the tallying of the response, which most
likely will be weighted between 1 and 0, unless purely ideological.
Thus- *conceptually*- to consider "code" in this human context, of a living
breathing idea that is grounded in empirical truth in a shared human
viewpoint, that is to be shared as information, via exchange, it is more
grayscale than 10110101010100001, in terms of language and how thinking
functions, more about looping and weighting of variables than having a
*single correct result* when there can be several overlapping or
contrasting interpretations *at the same time*. So imagine if the binary
string had each bit that was variable instead in a 0-9 scale of weighting
the evaluation, such that 10927238292340246.
This moves the [binary] string into a fragmented string of variables, more
like analog computation [1][0][9]...[6]. In this way it is to consider the
'bit' as N-variable, and thus what if it were the alphabet instead of
numbers: 26 letters possible for each bit: USOWHLSELNSQAHBVY
the issue being that like a slot machine, those [N] variable bits could
tally up any potential letter of 26, or +10 numbers with alphanumerics, or
add lower case and punctuation or symbols and suddenly a small 'string' of
data could involve huge interrelational structures that may or may not be
related across the horizontal span, depending on how it is constructed via
algorithms and conceptual formatting. Maybe this already is the way
transformed code is achieved with taking a certain sized content- variable
[x], and then transmuting its entirety into a string or stream of
obfuscated data that must be 'worked at' to decrypt or be translated to
make use of.
The seeming difference would be computationally, how this relation exists
in processing, in terms of hardware and software, though also thinking,
programming. Because what if there is a limit to these transmutations that
is forced into a binary 1/0 and thus bounds these infinities to only
certain algorithmic space, or even computationally, that such numbers
cannot be adequately computed and thus *do not exist* as calculations
within machines and software approaches, crypto perhaps especially, when
the security they would provide would be unfathomable in terms of existing
brute force calculations of 'linear' patterns.
my speculation is of an unknowing of applied cryptography and computer
programming yet knowing of logical reasoning and empirical thinking,
awareness, and how the two are ideologically at odds in approach in terms
of basic assumptions. thus within my condition of 'illiteracy' there is an
attempt to share an idea (pT) about a shared situation from an outsider
vantage, with those of highest literacy of applied code, yet within what to
my observation is a flawed idea and based on false and inaccurate
assumptions, in particular the primacy of binarism for security when this
nonlinear/multilinear computation (parallel & serial) would easily defeat
such that it is not about strings and instead parallel sets: [x|x|x|x]...[n]
as the [variable] yet this may not be coherent in a horizontal algorithm to
solve, it may not have 'rationality' across, from one digit to the next,
revealing its hidden structure. instead, randomness would be inherent
instead of woven into the code, it would be more revealing information out
of noise structures than putting information into noise that is bounded and
can be shaped into structure. in this way also, noise could have structure
yet not lead to decryption, it may be a false corridor within the ever
expanding maze.
it is that [N] variables each are in superposition, not static by default,
finite and absolute, and instead 'truly variable', unbounded to a certain
extent (infinities within infinities across infinities via nested sets).
the conceit or test of the heresy would be 256 'bit' quantum computer that
solves 256 AES, though if it were a binary string this could even be
trivial, versus say [N]-bit, which seemingly could take *forever* to
evaluate, via running, looping code evaluation and a shared empirical model
that develops alongside, out of and through the technology as a 'thinking
machine'-- which, the more it is like the human brain, the more likely the
messaging could be made sensible via existing concepts and structures to
test against, evaluating patterns and looking for correlations. in that
context, a three bit [N]-variable string of code could probably defeat all
computing power today, especially if large expanses were allowed, numbers,
letters, symbols-- it would be unsolvable potentially, extremely probable.
Largest primes would be a minor detail, another variable seemingly in such
a context, due to its potential for incoherence and complexity.
likewise, this [N]-bit approach for random number generators, yet why not
random outside of 1/0 as a noise field, generating strings via a two
[N]-variable string, just let it run and tap that, without or without
structure, would it even matter. in other words: take any two ideas, any
two signs or symbols or colors or whatever, and relate them and tally and
extend this as a process. that is proto-language in a nutshell, this the
crazy nut cracked open yet beyond the insanity of my own incapacity to
communicate and flaws in understanding-- there is something about this
approach and basically observation that has *coherence* that is absent in a
binary approach and serial algorithms-- because that is not how people
think or communicate, it is N-dimensional, geometrical, looping. and
processors and code and software at present cannot model this, allow for
it. and that formats reasoning, perception, what options are available to
share ideas and evaluate them, and we are stuck in binary because it is
enshrined both in technology though also in institutions-- it is the dead
static code of shared ideological non-thinking that is pushing
decision-making and actions towards its deterministic end game, which is a
onesided machine-based value system, devoid of life, nature, and humanity,
except insofar as it profits its own continuing automated development and
further extension.
so the gap between my illiterate views and the actuality of implemented
security code by those literate is one aspect, though another is my
literacy in thinking code and the illiteracy of thinking within
foundational technology, its infrastructure, and the result of this, which
requires a world like it is, and relies on bad code and ideas to allow for
it. thus an audit or accounting of the situation, an attempt to get across
the idea that there is a model of dumb, unintelligent code at the base of
this situation, the approach is so flawed as to be the basis for tyranny,
and it ties into 'ideology' across platforms, individuals and groups of
people to software/hardware and bureaucratic systems, and in that 'combined
state' of a false-perspective empire, the kernel is corrupt and the whole
thing invalid, including at the constitutional level which itself is
ignored, by binary default, the epic loophole of relativistic frameworks
allowing the fiction and its virtuality to replace shared logical
reasoning, because truth and logic can simply be ignored, 'privatized'. and
enclaves can rule over others as if a caste-system via technology and
ideological assumptions that function as religion, technologists as
priests, gods of this technocratic utopia, the peasants not having the
understanding to operate in such a realm, as guaranteed by the originating
lie and tradeoff that allows for all of this to continue. that absolute
truth is an everyday condition and you get to choose what to believe as if
a right or protected mode of operation, no matter how many others must
suffer for it, to sustain the illusion and shared delusion.
the cloud here in the corrupted model a state filing cabinet, digital
bureau for the bureaucracy, citizens organizing info into others invisible
folder structures, volunteering the data via handover, designed into the
technology itself as a marketing and communications strategy. the sieve of
private data is equivalent to entire populations seeking out pickpockets to
hand over their contents, incentivized as it is. and so 'security' is as if
a kind of institutional transparency in relation to a corrupted, failed,
rogue state that can read and see everything you are doing, whether or not
encrypted, dumb terminals every computer to the state mainframe, rebranded
and rebadged, hidden, 'anonymous'.
--- more of this insane ungrounded viewpoint --
it was mentioned a three variable 'string' [x|y|z] would be differently
approached if parallel versus serial, in that each bit of a binary string
could be N-variable in a parallel approach, or so it is assumed possible,
as with probabilities and slot machines, or basic everyday observation of
events and what enters and exits consciousness given context. and while not
knowing the depth of this in terms of cryptography, completely out of my
depth, it would seem the concept of keyspace could relate to how such a
'paradoxical string' could exist, given the boundary for determining what N
could be for [x], [y], [z].  For instance if it were binary ones and
zeroes, the probabilities could be run and 8 different permutations or
combinations: 111, 100, 110, 101, 010, 011, 001, 000.
And within that, perhaps there is meaning. Yet if 'the probabilities' are
changed via [N]-bit variables, it could go all the way to infinity for a
single variable, and thus BIG BANG inflate via probabilities into a huge
keyspace, perhaps unpacking structures this way that reference others
already developed, as if infrastructure being revealed that connects with
others elsewhere, via wormhole-like connectivity and then closing down upon
successful messaging, thus encrypting and decrypting via few variables, via
inherent yet hidden structural relations within these combinations, which
could be infinities related to infinities and then the issue of how to find
them or what to look for. Black box yet even moreso, RNG as model for
signal, not noise, thus tending toward psychic Random Event Generator as if
innate sense of animals before catastrophe, cosmic faults and folds.
the idea or difference is paradox- essentially *superposition* of the bit
as [N]-variable, no longer finite and static, potentially active and
transformative, diagnostic even in a sensor sense of the analogue as queued
circuit. What if alignment occurs in the string under certain conditions
and not others, what if it tunes in and structures revealed, decrypt, yet
out of tune it vanishes, code collapse or changes as with temperature
sensing colors, and the variables change, mask into background, returning
to mystery. It does not seem that computers today can even adequately allow
for infinity, a single bit of this, versus a larger parallel string- and
what might that mean about thinking, too. nothing more than finite discreet
thoughts, one decision to the next unconnected, unless largest prime, say
rogue US terror-state pwns earth as if master discourse, shared POV, even
though ungrounded- this the dumbed down unintelligent lowliest shared
viewpoint of situations in their depth, instead made shallow, sold as daily
headline? the CODE makes it so, in brains and machinery and bureaucracy.
binary is the enforced and corrupted 'shared state', conceptually and
ideologically, yet it is a false belief.
the issue then of shared and unshared identity, belonging or not belonging
to this 'master/slave' thinking...
  shared ID <-----> unshared ID
And how this relates to default interpretations, the quickest route for
'feedback' and determining events based on perspective... are you binary or
Can you make sense of your own consciousness or must you take on false
consciousness to function in society and go about decision-making in its
frameworks, taking on its value systems yet which fragment a person from
their own 'true' self, taking over and reformatting and reprogramming a
life to serve the machine agenda over and against 'shared humanity' -- now
an unshared identity, via private relativistic ideology. sell out your
ancestors and neighbors for a place in the machine...
Quickest route to thinking- *binary* of course, processor speed as if
SUPERSMART! --- "look- i can decide things and determine things
irrespective of their actual truth, and it works for me and others,
everyone else is just lazy!"  Like water flowing downhill, 'logical
reasoning' turned into Price is Right PLINKO game, quick and easy
'automated reasoning' via path of least resistance aided and abetted by
binary ideology, creating friction-free virtual universe, mind detached
from body by also flawed historical beliefs, enabling this madness its
onesided platform. the trope of largest prime 'uncorrected ideological
perspective' the trophy award for the most stupid, greedy, and ignorant. an
entire society and civilization built around rewarding those whose
activities align with this, against human conscience and its needs, that
then is viewed as the enemy.
--- major social dynamic ---
ideologically there is a differentiation in terms of the process of
reasoning, how information is parsed...
   intelligent <-----> smart
also, how shared identity may differ between empirical and relativistic
models of truth...
   truth <-----> partial truth
and the difference in conceptualization, reliance on how frameworks are
constructed, tested...
   ideas <-----> facts
and this directly relates to issues of observation and cybernetics (looping
   fallible observer  <----->  infallible observer
   error-correction  <----->   no error correction
In this way 'inflated' or 'bubble' views can rely on warping, skew,
distortion for their truth which is verified by conforming to a false or
inaccurate model reliant on a limited *protected* or SECURED version of
pseudo-truth (pT), as if shared empirical reality (T) removed of error,
because it is believed to be, via ideology.
  grounded empiricism <-----> ungrounded relativism
In this way a 'private worldview' can replace 'the public' view as if a
shared domain, and become the basis for one-sided 'reasoning' depending on
authoritative beliefs, where facts can be chosen to fit the model, others
discarded, to uphold the perimeter, basically privatizing perspective to a
finite inaccurate view as the exploit.
 reality (1) <-----> false-perspective (0)
 humanity <-----> the state (?)
There is always the possibility that this was planned in advance as a
cosmic setup from the beginning, and therefore the state could be doubled,
paradoxical, existing both in the shared truth of humans and in the lies of
the false viewpoint...
 humanity <----->  state (T|F)
In this way the two state solution could be moving those 'false' on the
side of humanity over to the false state, and the true state over to side
with humanity, via reversal of dynamics, trapping the exploiters within
their own rigged game...
 human state (1) <-----> rogue state (0)
And thus doubled or backdoor crypto could be vital to this process, itself
constituting the trap while transcending this context of surveillance and
putting it to use for human goals and values, working-through this hell
into the birth of new cosmic civilization, of shared identity, as this
relates to eco|soc|pol-issues, shared set evaluations for money and taxes
and policy and direction slash governance, versus the corrupt code and its
circuits etched into the world and minds today as pain, suffering, terror,
horror, insanity.
translate, for reference:
In other words, instead of XYZ being a serial number that could extend
linearly onward toward infinity, that is: [xyz] ...[infinity], and that
"string" is a horizontal number or code, that can in particular be related
perhaps to binary on-off processing in a highly efficient manner,
processing and computational speed and largest prime numbers as context--
instead, the assumption for this same situation in another crypto framework
is that it could be happening 'vertically' like a slot machine that runs to
bounded infinities (largest primes or not), within each variable, and thus
[xyz] may not have a discernible linear structure or overall equation that
makes sense of the resulting 'horizontal' string. such that:
   [x][y][z] => [n^1][n^2][n^3]...[n^n]
whereby [n] is variable and could be anything- a number, a function, a
calculation, null, its own computation. And in this way, each variable
could tend towards infinity or its own structuring, within the string,
whose length is not so much the issue as the difficulty in resolving its
total structure, especially linearly, such that [n^123] would not be
decipherable running algorithms across its horizontal string and instead
solving for each variable or say grouped variables in the string, eg.

@_date: 2013-09-14 17:09:37
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [4] hash funktion 
first to reference the previous transparent ziplock with letters (ACID) to
provide conceptual framework for what follows... and how the *interpretive*
aspect of the code, its encoding/decoding and encrypting/decrypting, may
likewise relate in some way as a transformative, calculative process (if
not phase-change). not going theory, just abstraction into a realm of
N-dimensions and probability versus linear equation exegesis...
here are some online resources then for examining the letters [A,C,I,D], as
recombinational variables:
 Anagram Server mentioned two solutions:
    CAD I, and ACID
 Word Finder lists 8 word solutions:
   4 letters: acid, cadi, caid
   3 letters: aid, cad
   2 letters: ad, ai, id
And other scrabble word searches find additional, including 'da' and 'i'
So there are these permutative interactions that can occur within and
between signs (letters and their arrangement, though also symbols) and this
is mapped out to some degree with anagrams, palindromes, ambigrams, rebus',
kangaroo words (word within a word), and so on.
 anagrams, and 9 other names for alphabetical antics
In terms of language, this is a zone of paradox where multiple meanings
could exist in a 'string' that could have more than one interpretation, say
the word 'top' and 'top', one indicating 'the upper part of something' and
the other 'a child's toy' via dictionary reference. yet without context how
can you determine which viewpoint is correct: is there actually a 1:1
meaning or is it one to many? Thus, in some sense, weighted given the
environment it occupies for observation. Thus paradox, though also
superposition, and an aspect of the unknown or mystery within the ordinary
and everyday that in a binary worldview would seek to determine a 1:1
answer and discard the other 'variables', and linearly "progress" in such
computations down a particular _unique path that then is equated with _the
correct path, analytically, even though potentially arbitrary or flawed.
Any such search engines for 'words' can be broken via substitutions, as
mentioned before, and doing so would limit or bound the interpretation to a
smaller set. Thus using a number one instead of capital 'i' causes the
library reference to ignore the variable, discard it from consideration,
and only analyze ACD; returning only 3 sets: cad, ad, da. So it moves from
8 words to 3 words due to illiteracy or incapacity to translate or
substitute, as mentioned previously.
Yet once again consider the ACID letters, in particular the letter 'I'
again as it may be hypothetically or conceptually connected to the letter D
and result in new letter potentials: P, d, q, b --- likewise the letter 'C'
could be turned sideways into the letters U and n.  Note the transgression
of upper and lowercase alphabets, opening up a much wider range of letter
combinations via allowing multiple scales to co-exist in the evaluative
framework. Further, the letters C and I can be combined into a second
letter D.
Thus A,C,I,D, can become [A,C,I,D,D,U,n,p,d,q,b] as a potential string, if
'suspending judgement' and allowing time to configure and reconfigured *in
a probability space* these co-existing parallel potentials. inputting the
string (aciddunpdqb) at the Scrabble Word Finder leads to 110 words, with
six letters the highest word count of eleven total.
A question being, is the 'string' ACID really only ACID, as if 1:1 in terms
of code and its meaning, and if 'decrypted' perhaps CAD I would be a
result; and likewise, what if this could range to 110 words, without
considering two or more letter acronyms and abbreviations, and then, each
of these unpacked "variables" could potentially be related to one another
as a structural framework from which to further reveal or construct code,
such as via the subset words: candid, baud, pin. Perhaps keys or a bermuda
triangle zone that submerges or reveals purposefully scuttled content. This
location related to another inside the same hash function: cab, pain, quid;
or yet another: cabin, cupid, id.
Essentially sets related if not collided and run against other sets, one
against many, symmetries or asymmetrical dynamics, spins, planes, fields,
layers, levels, zones of meaning shared and unshared. Perhaps someone could
even have the key and yet get lost in the ever expanding forest of never
ending choices, thus: the labyrinth is constructed by each interaction and
decision and without the correct context, variables in their superposition
could remain hidden in their correct interpretation (A=A)
how could you know without an observer of shared identity and same model of
empirical truth to reference, given N-possibilities for each choice and
evaluation, potentially, as this is bounded by whatever the keyspace may
be: only capital letters, alphanumeric plus symbols, whatever. and
likewise, in terms of computation and equipment, could this same HASH
function be recreated _without identical equipment, due to the floating
point aspect (if it were to still exist) in computating irrational numbers,
given a necessary boundary to stop and round up or down at that limit, thus
forcing alphabets or equations into one hash scenario or another-- and
could enough of this be controlled to even allow two machines to function
identically or may there inherently be noise (chaos) between them, and so
it is an issue of approximation, creating the same structures via unpacking
a superposition ~bit-string and yet having variability still within these
parallel models
It just reminds so much of enigma and patch cords that perhaps the the RNG
with patch-cord like custom circuit wiring could tweak machines to a shared
match or 'entangled parallelism' that technology may be limited in allowing
due to limits to standardization at the level of unique processors with
slightly different characteristics, processor temperatures or working
transistors that could somehow effect computation, speed, rounding, at what
boundary the evaluation is bounded. perhaps different bounding could
provide different codes or access: abc^10 opening up one hash and abc^2
opening up another entirely different subset universe in terms of what
appears in its relational structuring. different tech, different hashspace
(?) given how much infinity can be modeled and to what extent -- And thus
what might keys be. what if the starting variable was used multiple times,
such as opened at one level and then reopened at another, and these
compared, or some mathematical computation occurring to parse each against
the other, and using that derivation for the keyspace. The idea of custom
wiring in addition just unpacking then potentially allowing one version of
crypto-signage to be used many times and in many different ways, as if
signpost even or relay or storage device, as if such crypto could be
infrastructure, if not alive like a sensor network in terms of feeding and
routing information through such matrices
it is curious if perhaps this is opposite the idea of the hash, in that it
is an inversion or reverse hash function or something such, due to its
exponentiality of parallelism and superposition versus linearity that
appears standard to the naive outside observer of this.
Just to provide a different example entirely, for consideration- imagine a
two variable string, [v][w], in this superposition context. Despite the
known transmutations such as the letters being flipped and turned, such
that two letters v = w, or when flipped could equate to acronym 'mn', it is
more than a single letter as the variable and instead, say, the signs S and
O that are overlapped for a single variable [v], such that their layering
appears as if the number 8 or letter B. and likewise, a second variable as
letters F and L traced atop one another, resulting in the combined letter
E, much like a Jasper Johns painting or 7 segment or 16 segment display. In
this approach, [B][E] then could, as a 'string' carry these other letter
potentials within it or could no longer be decipherable as a standard
alphabet letter and instead as a structural pattern, and then computation
could occur via breaking down these patterns in that abstraction, mapped to
potential letters and numbers and their recombination. For instance the
letter B is equivalent to number 8 and via 7-segment displays, encompasses
all numbers 0-9 in its geometry. Thus what if [3][E] were suddenly
evaluated in a context of letters [S,O,B,E,L,F] and its 47 words unpacked
from this starting point; say 'fobs' <=> 'lobes', as a subset universe
within which, via another key, may match to a circuit elsewhere or provide
meaning and thus 'shared framework for interpretation' whether intentional
or unintentional. likewise, lesbo and sol, fe, Io, os & so -- leading into
potential transcendent oblivion... or other dimensionality beyond what can
be determined, predicted or controlled even- the RNG as REG, tapping cosmic
circuitry as if interdimensional tendrils of noosphere
--- another aspect ---
in terms of superposition variables, the length of [x] in the string
[x,y,z] could be _anything. the bit as container could hold a bounded
infinity, it could hold a mathematical function, it could hold five numbers
or a hundred million trillion, or could nest or subset other variables in
chained relations, such that x = xz. and thus a larger string could
generate more complex entry code or certain structures, yet it may be
unrelated to solving the interior of the hashing package because its inside
is larger than its outside
symbols especially relevant here, HIOX, fractal codes, ciphers within
signage so that it is beyond ordinary language to begin with, such an
approach could be two variable and encompass a vast universe of relations,
say as a partial HIOX symbol (16 segment) or fractal-based sign of letters
embedded one inside the next, say a Y being letters I and V combined, yet
far beyond this and into a keyword written inside a starting letter, at
scale, and moving downward or across, and having that be a variable that
unpacks certain letters and characters and not others, thus potentially
relating this outside with inside via the starting string, thus providing
context via its superposition options that may be more complex
"structurally", all of this requiring a standard approach that is shared,
grounded in truth and logical reasoning, to allow 'the language as code' to
be useful for shared communication, carrying ideas, or being the idea-
seemingly about providing context, creating the conditions allowing for
such interpretation to exist
also, it should be noted that this could easily involve numbers and so
alphanumerics could exist in a state of superposition between their
mathematical and linguistic meaning, again 'variable' in terms of
interpretive framework; for instance, a number 4 may be missing its
hypotenuse or upper-left bracket -- given character style or typographic
standard -- and thus it may look instead like a sideways letter T, in some
sense. And thus the glyph representing sideways-T could *potentially*
occupy both the realm of the letter T and-or the number 4 in terms of
superposition, given that it is somewhat corrupted or incomplete or has
extra information (such as Q and O similarly).
thus a starting bit-string could have strange symbols that could map into
letters and numbers via transformation (its de|con-struction via
constructions and destructions) of subset relations and dynamics, unpacking
particular characters and relations, creating a particular type of noise
field for other content, perhaps framing it for interpretation. And thus
language itself, tending towards noise if not illegible, may look like
actual hash code to start the string, then unpack its contained information
based on these variables that may normalize within certain parameters and
not others, providing both signal and noise- and perhaps having multiple
keys or no keys and to be accessed or referenced via temporary tunings or
harmonizations, as if emergent data, or a particular correlated state of
shared mind, et cetera
--- example ---
so i could provide a ~bit-string (do not know the correct word so that is a
conceptual placeholder until someone those knows what this is define the
concepts accurately) such as the following and it could be assumed to
operate and function within these stated dynamics...
   [nv+x!]
in other words: [n][v][+][x][!]
And here is what i think is peculiarly interesting- is that i could shared
with you 'the key' that created this string, for a subsequent parallel hash
function, via superposition, yet it may or may not be relevant to what is
unpacked on the inside unless it were activated, and thus it is like an
on/off switch that may not be in the interpretative context and so can be
routed around if compromised, or used as ruse and trap to set up
alternative interior corridors and pathways to checkmate mimics via false
so, running through the example... potentials: n, c, u, v, n, >, <, +, t,
j, r, x, +, v, y, ., l, i, !
Note duplications are added for combination potentials, especially useful
for acronyms or symbolic 'compressed' meaning, mirroring of palindromes,
etc. likewise, punctuation is allowed for its dual-use language capacity,
the exclamation point rotated into the lowercase letter i, and period
useful perhaps in other ways as well. As with plus sign and the lowercase
t.  the issue of archetypal transference alongside transformative mutation,
as if organization, allowing for entropic reversal or coherence gains even
via losses, such is the "calculus" of the signage, as if moving from
concept 1 (speed) to concept 2 (acceleration) yet within a different
conceptual realm, wide ranging if not arbitrary
and thus the issue of *potential*, as with potential energy- *potential
meaning* and potential interpretation, framework, structure, that may exist
momentarily or collapse given shared or unshared identity, referent,
so it would be possible to say 'cat' is what generated the original string,
the upside-down caret (^) removed of the crossbar a hint or clue to the
uppercase A at another scale (uppercase versus lower), and the plus sign
functioning as a category-crossing letter t. and that could be the basis
for generating the hash funktion, via this string-- and it may or may not
be relevant, it may or may not be used beyond this threshold, it may or may
not be the framework once the interior is unpacked, and this depends on the
keyspace and how many variables will be referenced on the inside, though
could also be on the outside as well, and only [n,v,+] could be used in
their permutations and nested recombinations- meaning different hashes
could be referenced and made active depending either on generating key, as
a partial string (thus secret) or it could be entirely open and yet of an
unshared POV, bounded and limited in observation via threshold of
eavesdropper, and thus their biasing could force only some variables and
not others, which it is proposed may make it nearly impossible to decipher
externally without knowing what is being communicated in a given framework
or context that is only partially observed and evaluated. such that it may
not add up the same, just as unpacking the string with different hardware
capabilities may generate different random interrelations as noise though
also structure, if somehow calculations are not tuned A:A and instead it is
closer to A1=A2, though compensated for. it is as if relativism itself is
the encryption envelope, its warping skew distortion where the data can
hide within and between and the revealed structures *whatever they may be*
could be one-time pad connections or stable grids or force fields spanning
multiple such hash universes that interconnect or feed data one into
another again perhaps like wormholes
further, phonetics could be used for substitutions such that the original
lowercase letter 'c' and its subset [v, ^, c, n] could be replaced by 'k'
such that kat=cat in terms of pronunciation yet has no trace of a c from
which to decipher via a dictionary search, unless phonetic. in this way the
original string [nv+x!] could instead be: [kv+x!] and generate an entirely
different inferiority to reference, which may or may not be keyed to 'cat'
in any given instance, unless it were to be, yet may not reveal anything
even if the key is known, given perspective and variable timing and
interpretations. it could be throwaway or only active on occasion or a
divining method such as organizing cards out of a Tarot deck for reading, a
process that establishes interpretation though in a magical context, and
thus perhaps more ritual or procedural yet still an important vital step.
i.e. if everything is in tune, because the arbitrary could cut either way
if not 'literate' and capable of handling this kind of code and
interpretation as it were- it could drive you crazy
of all the myriad possibilities, this is a infinitesimal example and it
would be in the collection of all various techniques and approaches and
evaluation and surveying their coherence and decoherence dynamics and
related functionality that perhaps a new approach to coding could be
developed in this alphanumeric and symbolic parallelism where sign=sign is
essentially outside of the language as it operates in consciousness, unless
brought into a realm of shared truth (1) and shared perspectives for
exchange. thus creating or *revealing* that realm, essentially navigable
infinity and issues of markers, lighthouses, obelisks, waypoints,
ecosystems and ecologies, mazes, traps, that mapping data or mining,
storing, conveying, relaying information within preexisting contexts,
frameworks, could be utilized- made infrastructural, another paradigm
entirely that aligns with consciousness, not the deadzone of the silicon
wasteland as if final destiny of life with the singularity, leading to
death and nothingness as ideal future.
current and currency. a realm for those literate and of shared awareness.
keeping the lies and the liars and their falsehood out of the equations,
trapping them in their own false perspectives and thus bounding the
interaction while the false perspective is dismantled, freezing everything
binary in its place while the word keeping spinning. this, perhaps a
reverse-vertigo effect of the nonsensibility of the perceived world, though
from another point of view. the oppressive ideology extinguished, no longer
capable of sustaining the lies and controlling events from an external
position, losing power of 'shared awareness' by dissimilar or dismantled
structures-- sitting ducks. quack,quack.

@_date: 2013-09-15 14:40:17
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [3] sampling continued 
References:   _ | v J L 3 p \ w Z 7 r : 2 6
This class blew my mind

@_date: 2013-09-16 17:34:46
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [5] moar koda 
disclaimer: if doing this is illegal then the alphabet is illegal and
'ideas' themselves have been criminalized by the terror state
--- (continuing...) ---
hint for previous code:  _ |v JL 3 p\ w Z 7r : 2 6
perhaps should have made the last character (6) this instead: O J
the idea then of a digraph substitution: JL = inverted T, etc.
Thus, for instance if someone has a perceptual bias and is only looking at
single characters as single units, the diagraph, trigraph, etc approach
would be beyond their threshold of observation, beyond the perceptual
modeling and thus such bias or limitation in interpretation can allow other
information to exist beyond how it is perceived to exist by a given
observer, unless they figure it out- so it would involve rules or learning
how to determine what schemes are active or not, multiple or none
further, the idea of a search of the original string as anagram or other
approach, such that the breakage of units into fragments or components or
elements thus can defeat brute force meaning unless checking all variables
which would tend towards infinity, via probability. thus the secret is in
some sense the noise, the more it is looked for the more possibilities
arise and fill in the void with additional meaning that may or may not be
active -- whether intended or not, which is the spooky aspect of this, if
systems or data is somehow entangled whether as information and-or
objects;  seemingly /metaphysical keys/ even.
so a hypothetical example would be, putting the original 15 characters into
a structural search in which the original concept cannot be located in the
analytical results (in ordinary terms, the 'word' does not exist within the
letters/numbers themselves) and in this way, while it was was the basis for
creating the 'string' (bit set), it may not be active in its interpretation
or its activeness may exist in the permutated results and thus not require
a decode by the receiver if already having the key because they know the
shared reference yet the structure exists as infrastructure- and it may or
may not have relevance though it could be mapped into that structure as if
a conceptual root structure that could have calculative or geometric
aspects- meaning, there could be many simultaneous structures some related
and others not, that may or may not be activated in particular signaling,
perhaps similar to neurons and synaptic structures in the brain that fire
together yet whyso remains a mystery due to the limits of observation and
an accurate model for analysis at the level of activity being observed-
thus phrenology or scrying in an ungrounded sense providing security by
enhancing warped, skewed, biased, limited interpretations, erecting walls
and false rationales by "relativistic frameworks" in a realm of halls of
mirrors within halls of mirrors. distortion by unknowing autogenerated, and
in some sense 'signal' can be masked as noise also, shell games within the
parallelism of infinity and the computational limits of parsing those
dynamics accurately, which could easily exist beyond technological means
thus also in the realm of literacy, 'reading the signs' or abstract
markings can become the limit between those intelligent and those smart yet
illiterate and not in service to the conceptual foundation involved, and
their perceptual frameworks can be used to construct false perspectives
that become labyrinths to control future options, yet while creating the
illusion of being in a 'shared awareness' or framework (partial) whereby
pseudo-truth, its reliance on error, can allow extra-dynamics to exist
while also coexisting within 'some truth' of the shared condition; perhaps
this is zoning within a threat containment model, or subversive takedown
approach, establishing booby-traps and trap-doors and pyramid defenses
so, a letter or number could be de|con-structed and words or concepts or
meaning could also be tokenized by a substitute system of relation which is
what symbolism also allows, a type of exchange existing with a symbol and
its network of conceptual structures aligned with it, an infrastructure of
shared meaning and dynamics that also has myth and magic and spiritual
dimensions as a potential, these tending towards darkness and light yet
also accounted for in a shared universe (U), this richness and depth then
perhaps closest to the forces involved and their dynamics, versus its
caricaturization that presents its substance mainly in cartoon terms, a
popular culture framework as if yet another commoditized ideology, thus the
assumption of surface-relations versus actual depth and core functioning
--- sidenote: after the expansion ---
it should be added that after a 'string' is permutated, say it goes from 15
characters into a million character / word combination space, that is in a
precisely bounded model that defines the perimeters and parameters of its
expansion and analysis frameworks (if not via infrastructure standards),
that it would seem this is a one-way calculation and as impossible as it
may be to find something inside the expanded set combinations, it would
appear even more impossible (exponentially) to try to put it back into the
original pandoric gift package, the originating /bit set/ even if knowing
the rules and trying to apply them in reverse, to go from 'many' words to
only a 'key string' as exampled here (said: bit set now, as a description
of the set relations between characters, not linear string if it is
"calculated" and worked-out in its probabilistic interrelations).
in other words, could you go from one million characters and various word
combinations back to the original 15 characters- and my presumption is no,
it would be even more highly variable in reverse if computed this way, in
that substitutions could occur at some point that introduce (noise) extra
data, such as a S=5 and starts to shift meaning out of the original
context, and so many of these shifts could occur, 'recenterings' as part of
analysis, that if not having them in their entirety and evaluating a
massive set, even if having the majority correct, that small area of error
could continually expand as noise and veer interpretations off course and
bound the backwards analysis- which could be useful if having a code that
generates something yet cannot be worked back, yet still is linked to it or
exists within the unpackaged expansion as an entangled conceptual order,
which again may or may not be activated- say like streetlights turning on
at certain hours, or animal migrations under certain conditions- the data
may appear momentarily or in a given context and then be absent the next
so in this way a 'noisefield' could be inherent in the expansion and
messages could be hidden within it, perhaps even texts or documentation,
that would be reliant on the originating bit set yet disconnected from it
if not available to analyze, yet it may also have carry any signal or
secrets when analysed, such that it is feasibly arbitrary, one of many
frameworks, and unless knowing what the perspective is, it could be a false
corridor and lead to *answers* that are inaccurate or 'counter' to the
actual view yet expand into another parallel stage-set universe (U2) based
on error-reliant pseudo-truth believed to be accurate yet moving further
into falsity (pT-> A=B). in this way, paradox is the limit, as if logical
reasoning and 'shared observation' and if identity is unshared, fiction out
of what can be shared facts in a limited model based on other rationales,
thus exploiting bias and other false assumptions and their structures
perhaps a way of conveying this is those with a human POV versus antihuman
perspective and how consciousness would be correlated differently both in
observations and interrelations, especially with doubling or imposters
for instance someone may perceive a human as 'racist' for an observation
because of a potential interpretation that is a particular framework thus
bounded reasoning to that viewpoint structure, whereby: humans {ethnicity}
in terms of sets, different skin tones and cultures could be secondary to
being a human being and thus 'human' would be the superset...
   human {ethnicity}     or
   human {race}
This versus the opposite, determining interpretations locally as if the
main basis for primary awareness:
   race {humanity}      or
   race {ethnicity}
In other words, subset {set} if not: subset {superset}, can take on the
interpretative 'universal view' (U) and it may have 'some truth' in a
certain relative framework yet it may not be the larger or overriding truth
of the observation and this ambiguity needs to be taken into account. say
with my previous instance of a 'song here song there, here a song there a
song, everywhere a song-song' as it may be viewed instead of a common
rhyme   instead a device to channel bias about 'yellow people' as if the
intent. note also several such devices were used, not indicating this
it is to say that multiple readings can co-exist, and there can be some
partial truth (whatever truth exists is true) yet it may not be the total
or overriding truth or even generative truth and instead exist as anomaly
or entangled instance that arises out of noise, as with a crystal ball that
takes in outside patterns and merges them into a common spheric surface.
i think when i wrote that i noticed the potential ambiguity yet the idea
was not that and decided to keep typing versus try to edit and invent
another device for an ongoing theme (about endless communication in terms
of 'linear string' assumptions as if automatically meaningful versus hollow
and how a lot of people can be singing and saying *nothing* in terms of how
it adds up empirically, versus fragmented relativisms which are basically
noise allowing the cultural degradation to continue under that mirage of
depth and hand-holding feel good hedonism, as if it is all that simple).
though counter to this, it is true that certain cultures have names that
align with 'song song' and thus it could be associated with that, even
though that was not the interpretive framework and it could have meaning,
whether or not true or accurate in the specific context, what is true is
true. and thus if a military strategy and its associated ideology involves
emigrating vast populations into other areas in order to subvert them, and
then holds up a politically correct boundary saying it is discrimination to
speak about what is going on in those terms- it probably is going to cause
collisions in discourses like these, where such dynamics are mediated
outside the "official silence" and politics of the everyday societies.
again, humans and antihumans would be my response to this, and humans are
in every culture and activity. and so they are in the superset and not
viewed as 'subset'- though an antihuman ideology that tries to stop such
analysis of human awareness via censoring debate or activities then is
seeking to overpower and bias interpretation via unshared identity that is
privileged and beyond error-checking or correction, thus requiring and
demanding a safe zone of *secure interpretation* that prevents accounting
for these dynamics via peer pressure, etc. essentially:
   antihuman {humanity}
as this is institutionalized, effectively:
   subset {superset}
if you give any credence to the higher cosmic order involved in this, such
that the earth today is being governed by 'the lower' to which to higher
functioning have had to adapt to allow the takeover and takedown to occur.
Most excellent in terms of this cross- and intercultural dynamics is the
work and ideas of Edward T. Hall, especially in terms of language and
cultural systems, how signs are interpreted differently yet also in this
variance the richness of truth beyond limited observations of a given view.
here is the ~50 words for snow in eskimo and so on, as it relates to this
same bit set issue of where someone is interpreting the data from.
another possible way of conveying the approximate idea:
   (humans {ethnicity}) <--> (antihumans {race})
what matters is truth, who serves it and to what extent it is recognized or
subverted for another agenda than the shared set, its values, goals, and
principles- and this aligns also with coherence and its limits in ideology
versus ideas, rigid limits to allowed thought versus freedom and liberty
and serve to life or its annihilation by rules to prop up false universes,
and the larger context for this being cosmic accountability and the role of
crypto and both sides of these issues- that complex /ground/ of operations
that could be binary or paradoxical, actually grounded or only virtually...
so this gets to a basic idea of 'code' -- what do you trust? -- do you
trust some cryptographic standard, do you trust a person or system or
machine, do you trust 'ideas' without having parsed them completely and
thus rely on 'unknown knowns' determined by others, perhaps of unshared
identity and thus exploits-
and to me it has become self-evident that only TRUTH can be trusted, that
it is the basis for trust, and in combination with logical reasoning allows
this trust to be evaluated and accounted for, and anything less is
potentially an issue of 'trusting signs' in its place, mimicry or facades
or ungrounded connections or relations, such that 'signs of friendship' can
substitute for actual friendship, and other types of programmatic
techniques whereby truth is not shared as the basis for interactions, and
this occurs within 'shallow language' and 'wrong assumptions that are
carried onward' within the scaffolding of viewpoints, /errors/ normalized,
that devalue and degrade truth- yet become structures for *TRUST* within
computing and social systems, again the Binary Crypto Regime as ideology
the peak of this institutionalized untrustworthiness made into religion.
Faith in crooked code, crooked administration, crooked relations, crooked
ideas, and accounting in truth and via logical reasoning nowhere found
outside the *protected limits*, thus allowing the antihuman agenda to
proceed friction-free in fallen environments that serve this 'mastery'.
if you trust in people, it is within their truth, the truth of a person not
their falsity or pseudo-truth (unless mistaken) -- it is a critical
distinction and of wide-ranging consequence.  so too, ideas- the truth of
ideas versus their approximations and warping and skew and distortion and
biasing- to defend and uphold that is a corruption, a compromise that is a
degradation and deteriorates whatever truth exists- thus, compromised code
as if secure also compromises the person wrongly believing its integrity
without being able to evaluate it in truth themselves or relying on others
who are untrusted or of unshared identity to guarantee ideas through trust
of technology or 'trust me' models- which if 'shared awareness' is not the
same or exploited, leads to exploits. whole OS platforms built upon this
and similarly exploited, though in a realm of double/triple schemes, etc.
so FAITH in TRUTH and in the truth of people and in the truth of ideas, yet
accounting for this truth, understanding it, being able to grapple with it
versus make and build assumption upon unreliant assumption that could be
built upon a threshold exploit (unknown unknowns) that bound interpretation
and yet another could be decrypting everything from the start because it is
built that way- just not understood by the users- thus 'trust the
algorithm' without dealing with 1:1 truth allows the A:B exploit its
tyrannical freedom to overlord and invisible hand events onesided. for
instance, if time travel there is a high likelihood the present day would
be governed from the future context and its administration over the
present  and taking this into account would be one approach and ignoring it
another and thus 'standing lies' could be seen as part of that SCIFI
framework in that actions do not add up in normal terms in day to day
policy and why is it that situations are being run off the cliff regularly
in parallel if not some 'beyond mainstream' policy decisions making sense
of shared madness
so if the truth of ideas is not dealt with, and the truth of people and the
truth of machines and technology, and the truth of code itself, and not
using actual *logic* beyond the binary evaluation, how much truth is there
really in these systems and relations by default of ignoring the reality,
and how much of the surreality that exists is based on the shared FALSE
framework that allows the oppression and oppressors their advantage... thus
the role of the logic bomb in taking down the kernel of the corrupt belief
that sustains the lie and the code that stands in truth truth as its sign
yet ungrounded, an entire standing empire built upon a too simple ideology-
now that is a security nightmare waiting to happen, for those on the inside
and with vested interest in seeing that it and their lifestyle continues,
say versus feedback from the oppressed and exploited... payback time.
--- more on bit set dynamics ---
here are some additional examples of various approaches; you could use
numbers in place of letters or vice versa, perhaps co-existing and thus to
flip and unflip sets...
   A B X
   1 2 24
Such that A is the first letter of the alphabet, B is second, and X is
twenty-forth. it could be taken further and sent back into letters by a
second pass:
   1 2 2 4
   A B B D
Optionally, from these same numbers it could instead be reformatted in that
the original 1 2 24 could become:
   12 24
    L X
Another approach could involve flipping the bit set characters prior to or
after expanded into massive constellations of data of the interiority, and
thus layers of overlapping interpretation could exist from the start which
could be part of the symbolic algorithm as it were:
   h i o x   /   x o ! y
there is a potentiality involved that could result in different expansions
and keyspaces and so it is an issue of what these are and how they could be
determined or shared- perhaps in the bit sets themselves or other keys or
it could be arbitrary and truly crystal ball 'seers' in given instances,
altered states that may align or be shared or unshared yet deliver info
also: this could occur without software in a massive distributed model yet
with software tools it could be something more in-line with crypto systems
of today and massive computation that probably could find ways to encode
and embed programs or documents via such techniques versus SMS equivalent
peer networking. say for instance the following bit set were evaluated:
  U SI 20 1LL 2Z O X LS
Perhaps it expands into a thousand character document, and that 'X' symbol
were notation that it should be twisted 45% and read at an angle, dropping
out certain symbols as noise and others would be retained by symmetry or
having multiple readings (say: N S Z in terms of rotation & reflection). In
terms of the mirroring of language, reading upside is a useful skill or
being able to have /superposition/ of alphanumbers and those substitutions
in mind and parsed in real-time evaluation- perhaps relevant, perhaps not.
yet a computer system could likely mine such data very effectively given
rules and decipher or encipher and puzzle data back into jack-in-the-boxes
that could be reused as structure, or so it is hypothesized
continuing with approaches, there is a certain interesting correlation with
certain letters and logic notation, such as p q p d that in their relations
demonstrate mirroring and so this is part of the structural of numbers and
letters that can indicate function or have distinct features as if puzzle
pieces that can and cannot fit together in given parameters of co-alignment
   p   q   p   d
   b   d   b   q
The ambiguity of this, yet also other options...
   b = |>   <| = d   etc.
perhaps even |> / as a trigraph as 'twist b, thus q'. yet any of this could
also be compressed or have multiple meanings depending on perspective and
the framework/s for evaluation.
the corollary to this is potentially sequencing of data structures though
again -- not linearly. multilinearly, nonlinearly, as permutative sets, the
total ecology of combined and related dynamics, CERN-level and weather
forecast modeling intensities... and still there may be infinite unknowns
even within the structural data if not having the keys to unlock it
another foundation aspect of this is character overlap and subtractions and
additions via their combined state; it is very difficult to convey without
images because it can be high resolution in a standardized context (16
segment display, square UNION JACK symbol of the ancient mastercode, HIOX).
and it is logic dependent in certain instances to figure out... first hint:
   b 8 d
The numeral '8' essentially can be a character in /superposition/ whereby
while the 7-segment is the seeming source for hexadecimal letters, it has a
potential substitution of: A, B, C, D, E, F, H, J, L, O, P, S, U.
Thus the words: bad, bed, bod, bud, in addition to other acronyms could be
seen as a potential, held within the shared overlapping structure of 8. it
is thus a *wildcard* bit, in terms of alphanumerics. The HIOX or union jack
symbol is 26 letters + 10 numbers for a single bit, by comparison. so
imagine the set evaluation of: b88d, in terms of including the hidden 13
other letters and how this may influence anagrams or other permutation
In a similar way, you could have a letter 'm' and break it into two letters
'n' or invert them, 'vv' which could be mirroring 'm' or 'w'. or turned
sideways and becoming 3 or E, that is, M or W. or c & c in a given view,
depending on the construct. consider another approach to overlap:
    3
    E
=  8
And further, into the larger alphabet...
    R
    L
=  8
This approach would include retaining the overlapping elements, thus
additive, whereas if subtractive- combining the number zero (O) sans null
slash (0) and capital letter i (I) assumed having full upper and lower bars
at top and bottom of vertical, would equate to an: equal always equal
symbol, orientated vertically. what is dissimilar is retained. this
abstraction in part required by the tools, unable to communicate most basic
information for lack of standard formating and basic display of 'code' as
it actually exists and is used. example of subtractive:
    R
    L
=  3
Perhaps this aspect of superposition is closer to that of /spin/ for
certain character features, whereas for a large capacity symbol such as '8'
or HIOX it is a much more vast range of set potentials to unpack via these
interrelational dynamics.
--- messing with HASH ---
it is still unknown if the parallel structure of a bit set as the string is
comprehended, such that [xyz] could function as a string yet also co-exist
in parallelism as [x|y|z] via set recombinations and expansions. [x] could
be anything, say 'the internet', [y] could be pi/1.666 and [z] letters A-H.
likewise, [x] could be symbol 1, say a purple dinosaur, [y] could be '8'
and [z] could be symbol 2. the slot machine really is vastly variable and
could involve multiply turning bounded infinities that tally in custom
circuits (outerlimits of enigma), and the 'string' could also be infinite,
such that both the bits and bit set could move towards infinity, such that:
  [infinity^1][infinity^2][infinity^3]...[infinity^N]
how could any machine possibly rationalize all of that? impossible. and
what if most of it is *noise*. it leads to interesting conditions for ideas
and algorithms, new territories perhaps, places without any maps or
infrastructure within existing _known technology. randomness, yessir.
like the Moholy-Nagy painting (ref.typo error) in a previous post, there
could be calculative dimensions involved in ordinary language, through its
transmutation and reimagining in its 'other variability'. imagine colliding
[hash 1] vs. [hash 2] and arriving at some kind of structuring... what if
it is the same 'bit set' that is collided with itself, yet transformed
from  bit set A to bit set A'. thus A x A' = new bit set
  u x w h  ==>  y m x u   ==  ? ? ? ?
Thus it would matter if it is additive or subtractive for what the new bit
set would be and what would be expanded in terms of its interiority.
so what if the english alphabet is 26 letters, A-M/N-Z and you run half of
these against the other, what kind of structures result. and what if you
take half of the alphabet and mirror it above itself then add/substract or
flip, or recombine in various ways, or two-letter sets, adjacent and
non-adjacent-- suddenly it is off the map, unexplored symbolic territory
perhaps, and that is seemingly something else entirely in terms of meaning;
and for the naive like myself, how might this relate to various encoding
schemes that use character sets and symbols for data transmission, are they
substitutable or could they even function as a deep data code (signage
going into and through data instead of only across as linear strings), and
what kind of access/entry and egress and circulation may this allow, open
up or prevent in terms of traditional data models and also processing. it
would seem in some way related to a compass with magnetic north and true
north, though that could be widely variant and easily polarity could be
lost and someone could be heading south or 'up' or 'down' without knowing
it, in flatland terms of bounded interdimensionality
also, language translation, western european languages, umlauts and other
details related to extra-textual cues or clues perhaps
   venezia & venice
what would the different keyspaces expand into if only some of the
structure is shared, yet the idea is essentially identical, such that the
signage maps onto the same concept, empirically, via translation-- is it an
issue of distortion, cultural frameworks of language that format structures
and how might these be bridged or is it a limitation to the model, thus can
bit set dynamics occur only in A:A frameworks or can A1:A2 also function to
a threshold limit, until A:B is reached, or may it also function at A=B,
insofar as the structure of A is retained within the structure of B:
   A <---> B{A}
and further, consider if the 'translation' was a particle collision and
thus the probing of molecular structuring shared and unshared between the
two concepts, attaining higher resolution of their shared dynamics via
interrogating their relations, grounding and mapping and testing of
assumptions into a common empirical framework- as if language is the basis
for conceptual infrastructure
--- note on correlations ---
having written about this elsewhere and forgotten a specific clarification,
pattern recognition itself is about this sign=sign matching, yet assumes
that the match itself equals truth and this is not the case, it is a faulty
assumption and an ideology that the truth of language is in the sign itself
and not what it is referencing. thus an apple would be the word apple
versus an apple itself and the 'idea' of what an apple is, its potential
superposition of meaning. this is the binary plague of ideas everywhere
evident in technology-- the potential of technology now making toys for
adolescent adults based on limited viewpoints, goals, and shared purpose.
mathematics begins with patterns. understanding and deciphering them.
yet it is this recognition that must occur in a A=A framework for it to be
actually true (1), and thus the refinement of ideas and removing falsity
from pseudo-truth and using hypotheses prior to declaring theories, as is
the empirical methodology. and so TRUTH is foundational to mathematics,
knowing what is true from what is false, and relating this to an A=A and
A=B evaluative context, which is Plato/Aristotle and others of course.
and yet if a mathematician arrives at an equation, or a person proposes a
universal idea, it is not just that they have found a "pattern" that seems
to fit, it is that it must correlate with other structures and patterns in
their known integrity, that is "truth". so there is a relation in truth for
the evaluation of truth. (thus: binary assumption of truth extends all the
way to all subsequent assumptions based upon it).
so testing hypotheses and ideas and equations and finding flaws is the
vital process and obligation of error-correction and refinement and the
changing of the model or hypothesis or pattern conceptualization so as to
better align with what is known to be true, verifiably so (1=1) versus
relaying on something know false and relying on its structure (1=0) for
further such 'ideas' and 'equations' as an error-based structure and
viewpoint, which can get religious even, and is hugely invested in the
ideological, where questions have long ago been answered and unasked since
even when facts and evidence refute the claims. thus limits, boundaries
allow even faulty pattern-recognition to persist by keeping out
error-correcting observations. and 'empirical' observation is thus limited
to only those facts and views that support the claims, ideas, equations.
this is why logic is so critical to determining and accounting for truth
and evaluating 'structures' that supposedly carry its /momentums/. the
trusswork of ideology that may be corroded to such a degree to collapse yet
carry the weight of a society, these areas of weakness offlimits for any
interpretation, protected by retaliatory violence to allow virtualized
viewpoint to continue, while endangering all who rely upon the error-rate.
the 'binary logic' that is falsely absolute yet unaccounted for can thus
"exist" in a bubble civilization yet only through dictatorial tyranny that
is against its evaluation, most especially in logical terms, these also
being the most self-evident and only way to actually describe what is
occurring as it occurs conceptually, structurally. everyone knows, yet the
'reasoning' itself is made off-limits and thus the incapacity to say for
lack of a way of accurately 'recognizing' and accounting for the events.
in this way a [sign] could be interpreted one way by a binarist and another
by an observer of 3-value or N-value paradoxical logic. the pattern that is
encountered may appear identical yet its mapping into structural frameworks
of truth could be entirely different, and more accurate than another.
so it is an issue of intelligence, how these signs are interpreted, and in
a more general sense [patterns]. and thus C.P. Snow and the Two Cultures
allows consideration of the mathematical evaluation versus linguistic, or
'literature' as a basis for this interpretation, leading to numbers and
equations in the former and alphabets and writing in the latter. though
perhaps with mathesis that division related to pattern recognition is of a
previous era, and instead 'literacy' has moved closer whereby concepts of
"programming" (ala Lewis Mumford) have "symbolic processing" as a skill
that present-day once future populations were predicted to need to survive
  symbolic processing ===> [patterns] (signs & symbols)
thus, patterns could involve both mathematics and language, equations and
words, and some overlap could occur or exist as it relates to the nature of
thinking itself-- such that, while 'binary' views may be easily taken on as
a quick route to decision-making, looping probabalistic reasoning via
multiple hypotheses autonomic and conscious are the ways the nervous system
and brain actually work, in a context of navigating absolute truth and
falsity, including constantly refining and add and querying data against
contingent models and not simply discarded what is unlike thus 'false'.
in this way, an approach to thinking that is ungrounded in experience and
natural observation itself can become religious dictate via indoctrinating
people into an inaccurate framework and basis for shared awareness and
relations that are A=B in terms of pattern recognition, customizing POVs to
a warped, skewed pseudotruth that tends to zero, as a compass and guide.
The kernel is wrong, faulty, yet cannot be error corrected, power says,
government enforces, institutions crushing the facts, observers, denying
and censoring and outlawing illegal patterns, universal perspective.
Thus there is truth and falsity where A=A and A=/=B reside, and this is the
basis for establishing logic. that is, A=A is the pattern match, and A=B is
the false match, the errored idea.
  T/F <--> logic
And depending on the 'logic' used for evaluation, that will then influence
what is and can be observed, such that:
  T/F <--> {binary|paradoxical}
  T/F <--> binary --> 1/0
  T/F <--> paradox --> 1/N/0
such that, the logic then influences the observed patterning:
  T/F <--> logic <--> [patterns]
In this situation 'code' could be the patterns that are assumed true and
accurate for sake of being operational in a binary framework, whereas with
a paradoxical evaluation this truth is not presupposed, instead questioned
because it is and always remains contingent- a hypothesis that requires
testing, challenging, verification, validation and continual error-
correction-- else, via entropy itself, the inherent fallibility of partial
observers within limited frameworks would be taken as if truth itself,
absolute, even though inaccurate, faulty, by lack of godlike omniscience.
logical reasoning is what this testing and error correction are all about
yet if it occurs in a binary framework the observational bias continues to
see itself as 'correct', infallible observers because they can equate the
sign they believe is something with the thing itself apple is the word and
not the larger external reference- and thus 'signage' stands in for and
begins to mediate truth irrespective of its external validation, within a
false empire of signs and symbols-- mathematics and language that becomes
and is detached from reality, its own virtual word of anything goes...
that is, it may in part connect with truth, yet be assumed 'all true' or
absolute, by selective observation based on power dynamics for reasoning,
which gets into brute force peer pressure to engineer truth via bullying
dynamics, censorship, violence against unshared views, blacklisting,
attacks on equipment and tools, etc, to shut down the other observations
that error check and correct and *falsify* the believers code, who make
their bread on lies and deception, knowingly or not. thus:
 truth <--> logic <--> [math/lang] <--> [patterns]
and in this same way, the observers and perceptual framework could exist
in  a paradoxical approach, more towards mathesis in terms of higher
literacy, whereas the binary is by comparison illiterate to everything
outside it limited and controlled framework...
 truth <--> logic <--> [code] <--> [patterns]
And all of this about 'reality' and issues of shared observation and
identity, shared and unshared, that allows 'truthful' and false patterns to
exist and /represent/ ideas, events, people, accurate or not.  mathematics
and language are both reliant on logic and truth, and the verification of
pattern recognition is in A:A and A:B dynamics, which are evaluated and
justified via truth and logic, and a too-simple approach is a basis not
only for structural insecurity, it can be a planned exploit of civilization
and thus as the "language" or discourse continues in confusing by assuming
A=B, many nefarious activities are allowed within that inaccurate context.
true evil, and its justification on the normalization of these dynamics and
the mediocrity that is allowed and allows for it, as a 'consensus view'
that is based in non-truth, only ideologically accurate to a partial view
(pT=>0, whereby B>A).
that is a context for crypto then, because 'secret communication' and
'hidden writing' can occur both within mathematic and linguistic structure
that is in that same context, including an undifferentiated logic, whereby
the binary may exist in a bounded realm that the 3-value or N-value could
likewise inhabit and move in and through and outside of, via its other
dimensionality, yet more accurately account for absolutes (1 and 0) due to
a weighted, more accurate evaluative framework for shared empiricism than a
rough, coarse, inaccurate all-or-nothing approach that is knowingly false
from the start, in that it is unreal, detached from limits of observation
and made into a fiction, and thus fictionalizes everything as its result.
in other words: [patterns] can be in superposition, yet not in a binary
mindset because they can not be evaluated this way, as /ideas/. instead it
remains shallow and on the surface of the sign, too simple pattern
recognition whereby the belief that A=A is its own confirmation as long as
the pattern matches, the image is believed to be what it is, then it is by
default correct and true (1), due to the sign itself, not its grounding.
  truth <--> logic <--> crypto <--> [patterns]
Thus if considering ideas in this context, ideas of patterns, ideas of
crypto, the models of what are going on _must be accounted for within truth
and within an accurate logical evaluation and a binary approach (via logic)
is not this-- it is like playing paddy-cake paddy-cake to get the results
and seeing the layer cake as an end in itself, its own verification and
self-validation, if not narcissism-- i wear the badge, therefore i must be.
in other words, as is mentioned many times over a crypto system is not
inherently or necessarily a secure system just because it is cryptographic
though some may relate to [crypto] as a sign that equates with it without
getting into the error checking of ideas, truth of models, and assume or
allow models that cannot be tested and thus, limit/exploit scenarios by
this approach, where crypto functions against the role of crypto in society
and 'the sign' becomes its own antithesis, whereby 'to encrypt' is actually
'to decrypt' in another hidden context-- and that logically, when only
partial truth is active, this is probable, beyond 50% likelihood given that
several false assumptions may be relied upon that the truth is only minor
about what security may exist- say with factoring outside of quantum or
other computing architectures, which become dogmatic, faith-based beliefs
that everyone knows are bounded observations- thus contingent, unless you
have access to the deep underground labs or other galaxies resources.
it is the same situation with architecture and anti-architecture or those
who look human yet have antihuman agendas (bladerunner-esque), in that the
sign of something can be camouflage, a ploy, a substitute or stand-in that
is not the thing itself (mimic) and references another unshared grounding
(say A-> B) versus what is assumed (A-> A'). so, the signage could be
pointing in a given direction, yet going in the opposite, and in this way
instead of modeling truth and aligning with it (A=A) it could be subverting
and moving away from it (B), yet appear to static or "said to be moving
toward it via language and reference to other signs" (A=>A' actually B=>B').
in this way, [crypto] can move towards falsity in a binary framework, yet
with paradox this falsity could be multiple, beyond those controlled by the
binary approach and its /controlled signage/, beyond the limited threshold
and its particular interpretation, thus feasibly invisible, incalculable.
this would require reframing thesis-antithesis (and synthesis) in a dueling
context of binary and paradoxical logic, which itself would be the compass
and basis for a kernel, from my naive view, for the core of the dynamics.
another way of saying it: you can have all the code you want, yet if it is
not grounded you're fucked.
--- conceptualization of hidden interiority --
i found these paintings online that to me indicate a conceptual correlation
with visualization of the expanded bit sets in their venn context...
# Ordered Chaos 12 & 14
# Tao Of Physics, Quantum Space
--- decrypt for feedback ---
_ |v JL 3 p\ w Z 7r : 2 6
 I N T  E R E S T  i N G

@_date: 2013-09-18 01:32:47
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [6] crypto state 
the application of [crypto] appears to occupy a dual realm, spanning both
the need for /secrecy/ and the need for /security/, which it is assumed may
require different approaches in how in its design and functioning, and the
'systems' may operate within different parameters- say a secure facility
with employee IDs that involves managing secrets, versus an SSL exchange
using a web browser to search google.
It would seem to an outsider, unknowing actual parameters involved, that
some technology functions more as a secure mode and others as a secret or
hidden mode, and that this may be different in that data may be readily
accessible or known at endpoints or throughout an infrastructure whereas in
another this could be so tightly controlled as to involve almost personal
secret-keeping between those who access purposefully hidden 'information'
that must be kept contained, out of existing channels, or activated in a
different realm or zone of operation, say peer to peer with another who
also shares the secret yet not communicating about what it is, yet in
having access to the knowledge it recontexualizes shared observation and in
some sense could function as if a shared key has been passed and a secret
corridor or psychic tunnel or 'secret network' exists as a result of those
who know what is /unknown/ versus those who remaining unknowing what this
could be in the infinity of potential particular views of any given event
or idea or truth.
whereas accessing a webpage with some anonymity in the data transmission
may involve a largely known exchange, excepting for those on the outside of
the shared infrastructural connection; and so it is more a data security
approach versus centered or focused on /secrets/.
thus for different observers, the question of the Crypto State could tend
more towards the maintenance and ethics and implementation of an approach
to manage protect and exploit [secrets], which could be government and spy
agency focused on its internal and peer state connections, whereas for
another population, the citizenry, the issue of crypto could function most
in a context of [security], as if a realm delineating a lawful boundary or
property line that is potentially protected by law, and possibly is most
focused in the business, legal, and institutional realm. this is a basic
hypothesis so those who actually know this situation could model it in a
more accurate framework, whatever it may be, between security and secrecy.
i do not believe that an issue like state surveillance can be disconnected
from its actual deeper purpose, which few more know of or by NDA be unable
to communicate to others and thus an issue of faith in its mission can be
evaluated either in aligning with a patriotic ideology, which is incredibly
dangerous if checks and balances are gone from government accountability,
or in an accurate modeling of the truth of the situation and the framework
events are occurring within- that is, context.
everyone knows that lawlessness exists in the realm of corporate use of
private data to make money, either through data mining or private
surveillance, just look at the aggressive panhandling via advertisements on
every webpage, as if billboards have their own AI agenda as spore lifeforms
and are trying to secure their future against competing words and ideas
that they seek to distract from and cover or automatically play video or
audio and use up network data streams as constant 'junk data' and yet it is
citizens who are paying for this malfeasance, businesses and unscrupulous
money makers exploiting the common realm to extract as much profit as
possible at the loss of even readability in a majority of scenarios. and
there is no *legal issue* with this kind of deterioration of what could in
some sense be a public space in some sense that has been overtaken by a
private negligence, selfishness, and greed that defaces and devalues it.
perhaps this is a shared business model and yet it is also rotten, and so
like driving through a wasteland of a ruined environment, the webpages and
internet is like seeing broken buildings using a broken vehicle, driving on
broken roads and thoroughfares, with collapsed and dilapidated structures
and a giant signs HUMANS ARE THE ENEMY everywhere you look and turn,
mocking people with the brazen disregard for sensibility, honesty,
everything in your face and hateful, tending towards the worst content and
worst innuendo, and this is normalized as the shared realm of public and
private exchange, online.
and in that context people and mass media and states are communicating
about what presidents say, about wars and war making and terrorism, and
about poverty and illness and disease and the inability of society to meet
its needs while others sit at the top of this giant heap of societal dung
and count their money earned by selling the broken society to begin with.
so the first observation is that the state is fucked. completely utterly
and irreversibly fucked. its core code is rotten and the effects of this
are everywhere, including in peoples mindsets and decision-making that is
born of this ideology, reinforcing the binary perspective from previous
generations that has become an an error-reliant inaccurate biased POV that
is allowing this exploitation to continue under the shield of "legalese",
yet which itself is ungrounded and turns the signage of language into truth
and thus internalizes the world within a private communication about it
where this communication becomes the truth, via language that can control
and overpower another perspective, not via honest evaluation of truth. thus
language games in place of actual justice, and this normalized, 'codified'.
businesses themselves hiding behind this code, lawyers by their side, to
allow any kind of extractive process of data or money to occur, no
liability yet allowing swindles cheating and corporate and institutional
theft to be legalized, without public benefit even, and citizens data and
material existence then become natural resources to be exploited, further
extracting every last available bit for someone else to profit from, while
they see nothing in return except choices of skinnerian behaviorism, lives
becoming mouse mazes, the less money you start with the sooner trapped and
the whole society about siphoning off goods and resources, winnowing the
few who proceed upward, stopping the rest in the lower middle class, and
then breaking down people and pushing them further and further until at the
bottom of society in unrecoverable circumstances, the societal trap door of
poverty enforced as part of an ideological agenda, religious belief needing
the failures to be the immoral castigated many who justify the superiority
of everyone above- yet it is the result of gaming the state and its
collapse in a pyramid scheme that enslaves the many to prop up the false
perspective benefiting the very few who actually believe all the B.S.
because it most benefits them, as if some kind of twisted utopia for
psychos who are unconcerned about others beyond their private boundaries.
if you consider [crypto] in this economic, political, social context,
actually the broken cryptographic systems actually massively benefit this
exploitative scheme entirely at every level, both as secrets and security.
it provides an impenetrable wall of ideology that, alongside the Binary
Crypto Regime, allows a type of reinforced inevitability of the solution,
*if only you could do the math you would realize how great all this is*.
and so double/triple schemes this may be so, never underestimate humanity,
yet for those uninitiated it is hellishly terrifying, especially the closer
you are to the bottom where these dynamics grind down the lowest layers and
push people prematurely into caskets or have no ethics in discriminating
against those unlike, who have no protection against exploitation and even
violence against them, yet viewed seemingly as the greatest threat because
they are using resources that belong to others, as if only takers en total.
what is also most evident is the role of neurolinguistic programming (NLP)
in federal, state, corporate, educational and institutional contexts to use
'brute force language' to engineer a particular kind of next iteration, as
if this one-way language manipulation has replaced shared reasoning, due to
the loss of empirical truth and its accounting, and an unrestricted triumph
of relativism and its authoritarian agenda of administering the next wave
of the self-same ideology, yet with their own people, no more charade with
mr. and mrs. nice anymore. its just their people now, The State, Inc.-
whether it is business, government, education, health care, community.
how do things get this fucked up unless that is what you're aiming for? and
this in this way it is truly MASTERFUL. brilliant. the art of the state.
so in this context there is an issue like /taxes/ that when the state began
had to be figured out from a condition of injustice and revolt which led to
a new independent society and democratic form of governance. feedback-based
in principle. and then over centuries this short-circuited due to limits in
the code and its interpretations, say equal rights for women, then citizens
and various other fracturings from a once shared POV of private men that
were assumed to be 'the public', that is, within western european history,
and over time these conditions changed and yet the underlying code did not
that led to contradictions and even INVERSIONS that could force breakdowns
of the same society via exploits and hacks that challenged the processing
and upon Supreme Court or other legal review, flip bits somewhere and the
larger situation was transformed for everyone, changed by smaller events
elsewhere. and the state has both continued its development towards human
improvement while similarly deteriorating at the same time, its faulty code
and programming the source of its own self-destruction and annihilation,
such that /truth/ has been replaced by unrestricted and unregulated and
essentially 'unchecked' /power/ via this biased, relativistic framework in
which - oh, i don't know - the world's largest military machine and global
spy network operate under, in an inaccurate and biased private viewpoint
for mass surveillance and the hunt for terrorists- which can thus be skewed
an distorted to focus on citizens instead who may question these dynamics,
which then turns public consciousness into the enemy of this secrets-based
and heavily secure tyranny, indistinguishable from a dictatorship yet not
accounted for this way, as the dictator is hidden, out of sight, etc. and
so the false perspective reigns and rules over 'what can be reasoned' and
if anyone crosses that line, the private police enforcers and spies are at
your doors and suddenly all your e-commerce goods are being shipped broken.
and thus taxes are supporting this lawless takeover of the government and
yet it is also inevitable due to the way the state is configured and the
code it is running on and for lack of a better alternative, until that can
be presented- this is the situation. so, some sympathy for the dictator.
though if the options are destroyed by tyrannical actions then you got real
problems because then the leader is insane and functioning against the
shared state, in that the agenda becomes antihuman, aligned with machines
and the continuation and development of the automated machinery of state,
which in terms of the ideology are godless, yet involves a priesthood of
technocrats - including programmers and technologists and business people,
for whom this system is operating under their guidance and parameters and
towards their goals, which have become detached from the citizenry itself.
so there is the aspect of enslavement, disenfranchisement of populations
based on discrimination and sliding-scale rulesets preferring some over
others and also rewarding violence against citizens in its ecosystem. and
the entire population is wired to automatically support this via taxes yet
the /feedback/ is not occurring to improve their own basic situations as
the erosive aspects of cultural decline outweigh everything else and in
this constant pressure, break down and dissolve connections and structures
required for survival, including loss of meaningful work, family units,
education related to the world that exits versus citizens trained as if
robots, and 'media' that devolves everything into an animalistic context,
nearly pre-literate, not in the McLuhan sense of higher understanding of
oral or other cultures, and instead- inculcating ignorance, bias, hatred,
factionalism, racism, and this via false-perspectives as if 'shared POV'.
no one required to align or attest or be held accountable for truth,
instead ENRONOMICS rules, you can game the system and win at every level,
and thus it involves the takeover by these same forces of the environment
and state itself- its bureaucracy falling hostage to such an ideology, and
citizens no longer having a government which represents the public's needs.
this is relativistic private government taken to its extreme: tyranny, yet
not only that- CRYPTO dictatorship. and yet it started out as a public and
private government with human ideals and orientated to life, and instead
has become antihuman and polluted, ideologically, environmentally and in
minds and bodies, and focused on death and money as if the highest good.
and so it is a question- where is /truth/ within this government- does it
even exist? and it would seem that for the ideologically invested, the
truth is the surface event, the signage and ideological actions that as
imagery reinforce a particular viewpoint conducive to true belief-- that
money is the most important, and that these people believing themselves
superior really are in control, and that they justify this enslavement
based on their private agenda and goals. and thus the *secrets and
security* of the crypto state could align with this binary belief system
and seemingly be its support structure, including for keeping tabs on all
the exploited, as if in an excel spreadsheet, to determine futures via
routing to the appropriate cattle chutes, whether death panels or poor
schools or blacklists. everyone surveilled for their profit.
whereas another truth could coexist beyond or along-side of this and yet
remain hidden from the binary ideological which is bounded by its
self-validation, pattern matching via limited and controlled observation
and thus observer bias the threshold for 'shared reality' and shared goals.
instead of relying on the corrupted and error-ridden code of pseudo-truth
and its role in 'development' of business, education, healthcare, etc via
lies, distortion, self-serving exploitative agendas- instead another actual
[truth] could exist that is shared, that involves a different context for
issues of /security/ and /secrets/, and cryptographic systems and their
applications also would span into this realm of activity, by default of its
service to the soul of the state, to ensure long-term functional integrity
and this can be assumed based on indications such a parallel agenda exists.
it would seem most [crypto] in the profane model would be functioning in a
different set of parameters than in the more sacred and militarist model,
whereby enforced ignorance and outright corruption is not the rule or law.
and thus the cosmic setup and making preparations for this to be resolved.
--- rebooting the state ---
it concerns me to be called before a judge because i do not believe the
state is a legal entity and believe i can readily prove this to be the
case, and therefore not recognizing the legality of the state to decide in
matters of law would be contempt of court, from my previous understanding.
and in this way, to be imprisoned for not recognizing its authority to
determine what is just or to be able to enforce the right principles within
law as it exists due to a failed constitutional context.
i run it over in my head, the argument of having private man define what is
a human predicament, and thus 'mankind' and 'his' and history stand in for
humans and women as an ideological bias which, while once public, became
private upon equal rights, including for those other other ethnicities yet
this privileged hierarchic onsesided perspective has been
institutionalized  as if representing the total public via the shared
private views of men, and in the attempts to equalize it, has further
privatized other views of women and ethnicities, into a many privates
worlds situation without a coherent shared framework to call or reason as
'the public' of us all.
'the human' is missing. the human state is non-existent, and the private
state of various wo|men and their private rights rule over humanity, the
subset governing as if superset, yet without higher ideals, instead lower.
the constitutional code is corrupt. and yet in its description it has the
rules to deal with this: call a Constitutional Convention and start again.
yet in a society run by relativism there is no ability to 'reason' beyond
the privatized ideological "theoretical" discourse whereby power politics
determines what is true (pT=>0) and then rubber-stamps via institutions
under its guidance to manufacture consent and thus: represent 'the people'
whereby only some truth is allowed that only benefits some people at the
expense of everyone else. unbalanced, biased, onesided most times, really.
so-- dealing with MASS ILLITERACY here, since the education system fell to
relativistic ideology and binary bias as a teaching and indoctrination
method, the rote exercises and standardized tests indication that no actual
thought it allowed, no thesis - antithesis -> synthesis in western culture
anymore, unless of an ungrounded politically correct version based within
*language* and about the [signs] or appearance of shared views, yet without
the truth shared or grounded in this false perspective. thus, foundations
of belief are built on weak and corrupt 'ideas' and 'concepts' which have
also become the mainstream discourse -and- POLICY BASIS for the state--
that is, skew distortion warping and bias as the reasoning for shared
decision making and governance. whose that benefiting when *celebrities*
are the best at taking on such an acting role of serial killer fiction.
so someone calls a constitutional convention and no one is capable of
*reasoning* about what is happening in the shared situation because many
are essentially BELIEVING THEIR OWN BULLSHIT on ego-reliant frameworks
based on ideological bias and error, into a too simple assessment of truth
that is pre-enlightenment at this stage, pre-western culture even, devolved
to a realm of selfish idiocy and stupidity that only self-indulgence can
really offer to the existing degree. thus, everyone is a celebrity in their
own private facebook and twitter worlds and speaking their own languages
from their own perspectives and talking the talk, in so far as it profits
and is allowed in models of pseudo-truth-- not the nails hard empirical
realm where errors in thinking are not allowed or acceptable for shared
frameworks-- this is beyond or before scientific method which similarly
fails via privatized empiricism (also perspective limited via 'history' and
thus privatized, allowing aggressions against humans in that framework by
way of distortions, errors- exploited, targeting enemy populations, etc).
yet a lot of people can 'program' yet it is stuck in bias and ideological
frameworks and therefore very smart "binary thinking" gets nowhere in the
real world of paradox, to deal with problems and situations as they exist
rather than as they are perceived to- which is a tremendous difference and
requires actual difficult and painful and humbling considerations and it is
quickly realized how little a person knows- versus to presume to know all
by sharing a viewpoint beyond external correction or acknowledging that
there is bias or distortion or even unknowing involved- theorized POVs
rule, the ego of private identities as if public, as if shared views, yet
without the rigor or political suffering that involves beyond 'the drama'.
and thus soap operas of initiatives, everyone wearing their private causes
and yet outside an actual PUBLIC CONTEXT and language and social relations
and importantly -- identity -- that would allow the issues to be dealt with
beyond adolescent playpen antics and excitements and temper tantrums. here
or there someone probably assassinated for actually doing something wrong,
though who knows, maybe that too is drama and they are in deep state now.
and logic is crucial, yet absent as an accounting of 'reasoning' which
instead like NLP becomes programming via onesided binarisms competing up on
the various electronic stumps, trunks, and platforms.  3-value and N-value
logic, the basis for /human/ reasoning in a neutral evaluation as observer
are not taught in schools. everything is 'rationalized' yet in pseudo-truth
and thus an infinite many viewpoints that do not add up to more because
they rely on the errors and distortions as structural scaffolding, on the
bias and ideology to uphold views, as is necessary of private language-
women as bad as men, ethnicities exploiting this as much as others, that is
the game it involves and everything and everyone devolves as a result.
The State needs to be rebooted under new constitutional code, at the very
least modified from a context of public and private man, mankind, and
history to that of public humanity and private wo|men, involving a shared
his|her-story or human story. corporations embodied as 'individuals' as
'private men' have allowed extreme competition with citizens to the point
that the state is representing corporate democracy via 'the public' vote,
the citizens are Microsoft, Google, Time-Warner, CBS, Halliburton, etc.
those not part of the structures are serfs, indentured class, castes.
whereas in a human context, the state would need to serve not exploit human
goals and values as part of a shared community, not gain profit based on
exploiting and brainwashing or cheating people in retrograde schemes or
outright criminality via selling broken equipment to normalize thievery.
the human context for law would likewise not be able to ignore such truth
as it would be allowed and not censored as a viewpoint via relativism. and
likewise /security/ and /secrecy/ would likewise change to serve humanity
and differentiate and focus on those seeking to abuse and exploit instead.
it is this last statement that is assumed the underlying hidden, secret
aspect of existing crypto systems of the state, a standing reserve that is
waiting in the wings, surveying the situation so it can be accounted for.
as of my recollection at this point, it is unknown if i am the only person
who could make this case for the illegality of the state in its existing
functioning, yet anyone who were to deny the court its legality would
potentially be able to make this case, if willing to go to prison and get
the process underway, though the argument would need to be allowed else you
may never get out of prison, which is why it seems a worst case scenario,
unless that situation would be the first opportunity to make the case. and
this in a context of what is proposed to be *ungrounded legal frameworks*
due to ideological language relied on for 'shared relativistic reasoning'
which functions as /programming/ again, as if shared though of unshared
society, continually set at odds with itself, functioning against itself,
increasingly nonsensical and illiterate-- schizophrenic even, as the views
do not add up to a coherent whole, the parts make their sum impossible, as
it tends towards shared nothingness- not towards life or greater being. in
this way, ignorance is progressively institutionalize, made into rules and
increases suffering, making it more and more difficult to 'reason' within
the broken world and relate to others in their privatized biased views.
statisticians become the new community organizers for the disenfranchised
and lost, tallying peoples identities with others moreso than communities
themselves or organizations, the alienating and isolation near complete,
such that the internet and WWW as stage set appear as if by divine right to
allow each actor their fantasy to portray, without restriction to reality,
obligation or duty to another, as if life only a game, frivolity behold. no
sense of the pending doom awaiting, the trap door beneath the spotlight.
the word as a mirror then, and the networked playground for narcissists
that on a psychological level reveals the deep and hidden contempt and
shallowness of the economic, social, and political ideology of self-bias.
you need at least two people to call a constitutional convention, yet what
if it is flash mobbed and a million relativists show up with bullhorns?
here: "use our code! use our code!" they start screaming in unison. that is
it in its entirety, all that binary relativistic reasoning needs to keep
things as they are and further extent the situation towards shared falsity.
that is why there are guns i am guessing. make a perimeter. only logical
reasoning allowed, and at every instance the binary will be defeated in its
simplism and will no longer be enshrined as law nor ideology nor allow for
the corrupt rule of the many by the few who do not realize how crazy they
actually are, nor how completely hollow and sold-out as human beings.
my wager is i can prove the state in its current form is unconstitutional
and provide the logical framework for making that case, and offer a set of
corrective actions that would neutralize the existing bias, recontextualize
its constitutional framework via what are essentially structural "edits"
based on logic, to remove known ideology, and this could allow a framework
for establishing or reconsidering the constitution via a convention once
"ideas" themselves are back on the table, versus extending programmatic
language according to biased rulesets held in pseudo-empirical books that
skew this way or that depending on the forces at work, depending on words
and signs versus on truth and logical reasoning as the basis for judgement
and decision-making, in that ideas must be mediated at the level of 1/0.
anything else is an ungrounded concept, a fiction, a theory by comparison,
an assumption based on previous assumptions, which is what ideology is:
basing reasoning on previous answered questions versus asking them anew.
really asking questions versus skipping the truth and relying on the
structure as if 'wholly true' and not involving skew, say of history as
this may influence perspective and limit certain 'shared observations' by
promoting a private framework for evaluation. and the consequences of this.
i do not want to go to prison to get the conversation started, mainly
because i would probably never get out, as 'logical reasoning' has no place
within these state systems and instead they are mediating relations based
on power and shared private ideology at that. perhaps high-minded Supreme
Court is the actual and best platform to evaluate these state code errors
accurately and authorize the necessary edits to reframe and recontextualize
the state in a new human framework where citizens have a responsibility to
the state, both public and private, and that in return the state will serve
humanity, including by reconceptualizing the monetary system, business
relations and obligations to environment and the state development,
education, health and in general- the shared awareness and well-being of
those of shared destiny.
if the code of the Constitution is in error, it must be error-corrected--
this is not Microsoft Windows-- or, actually, it is The State as Windows,
broken windows everywhere, made to break, made to be exploited, for profit.
that is, the corruption is a downward spiral as private business model, and
perhaps this is part of the crypto gambit itself, providing instruments to
enable and sustain the deterioration, as the codebase moves towards babel.
fragile error-ridden code that needs to be enforced by power politics and
bullying as if "reasoning" via violence and intimidation based on shared
bias of binary ideology, versus robust thinking based on shared empirical
truth in a gray-area of consideration and evaluation, paradoxical, real,
wanting to debate the hypothesis and even have observations show wrong or
faulty to learn and improve upon frameworks, win/win interactions within
debate versus stand-offs with true believers who ignore truth instead, and
pick and choose their private reality and believe their bubble state will
always exist the way it is, versus be popped and fall to another worldview.
the requirement is strong relations between individuals and groups based on
logical reasoning-- that existed as the empirical basis for development of
the U.S. Constitution and would be required as a prerequisite again to be
able to fairly and accurate model issues of the state beyond a partial
too-limited biased viewpoint of the shared citizenry. It may be the first
real 'public' state in that it would be the first human state in existence,
seemingly, in terms of the specific requirements for the appropriate kernel
of truth by which to align all other actions and interrelated activities
within its structural arrangement. it may actually allow 'America' to be
the potential envisioned, beyond the limits of history, and truly finally
offer options that have existed as potentials yet have not be allowed
within the limited frameworks due to unshared language, logic, and
observation that could not be reconciled by ever-narrowing private POVs.
this is to assume that shared value of the state is [truth] at its core,
and that logical reasoning must be error-corrected at this level for ideas
to be given their value, and not to assume this or allow it for the
pseudo-truths that rely on false frameworks and errors if not outright lies
that have become protected by the ideology of law instead, in service to
shared falsity that endlessly exploits the citizenry to serve the powerful
perhaps the most important issue underlying this transformation would be a
new currency that could function in a realm of data exchange and allow for
fidelity with transactions and relations as they exist, as infrastructure
of interconnected relations that feed this motivational current throughout
the state, yet which has no data dimension today in terms of its fractional
values, such that .001 may be a useful measure for online contexts, or that
taxation could be automated into the currency itself, so that it is not an
issue of people relying on third-party accountants to balance their books
and instead it is part of the feedback process inherent in the currency
itself, taking the bureaucracy out of bureaucracy and allowing money to be
friction free in terms of exchange, and allow various interactions that are
instead limited by broken and biased models of accountability that punish
those without money the most, making it impossible to function in society
as if they are cheating because the system itself is broken, when instead
the very tax forms do not have the basic information to allow the literate
to do their own taxes, even in the most expected scenarios of Social
Security payments-- both at state and federal levels, instead obfuscation
and then the setup, the threat of holding individuals accountable for the
errors, as is the social services game, working against the poor, rigging
the system for failure, using pressure and oppressive subversive actions to
try to indict criminality based on broken systems used to frame citizens
who dare try to live beyond the limits, and escape conveyer belt to the
awaiting cardboard coffin, paid for by web advertising tattooed on skull.
"the very interaction in a context of verifiable truth is the weakness of
liars who need to sustain the shared lie in order to function" - /tells/
would be automatic as circuitry grounds to falsehood versus truth.
(so you're talking about an inversion, huh?)
enforced illiteracy versus freedom of ideas, based on securing of truth
within the state, making it foundational and defining reasoning based on
logic and accounting within accurate models, concepts, and hypotheses,
using the human observer as the basis for shared empirical viewpoint.
--- why cryptography matters ---
programming consciousness, building peer relations, feedback based tools,
'know and develop your circuitry', self as circuit, ideas as circuits,
models and concepts as circuits. fundamental knowledge and exchange based
on shared value (T) built from the ground up, literally, electromagnetic.
tools for thinking, tools for literacy, for grounded empiricism, education
in hardware/software models, logical reasoning as the basis, to allow for
it and develop it, share the techniques, guidelines/guidance, for debate of
ideas, litmus, standards, crack the ideological code.
the code potential.
issue of pattern matching to the wrong model: binary [crypt.1] / paradoxic
[crypt.2] -- it is in the unknown, or the known unknown -of its capacity-
that the cryptographic could establish a model for programmatic LITERACY
that someday may be the basis for shared awareness outside the realm of
secrets and secrecy and instead between citizens within new parameters of
relation and exchange, whereby the existing model is transformed...
antihuman [observer.1] <---> human [observer.2]
wherein all exchange is biased to the following dynamic:
antihuman [observer.1] <---- human [observer.2]
antihuman [observer.1] <---> antihuman [observer.2]
Instead, this could be transformed by logical accounting for truth in
biased and ungrounded 'theoretical' models reliant upon shared and
sustained falsity, thereby invalidating the 'shared perspective' and
requiring actual [truth] as the measure for shared human observation...
human [observer.1] <---> human [observer.2]
the antihuman viewpoint relies on shared bias as the basis for shared
awareness, 'shared ideological belief' essentially, and would be replaced
by shared empirical models of truth based on *logical reasoning* (not
shared binary bias) via 3-value and N-value evaluations.
in each instance the /crypto/ would be different, in particular the second
example whereby exploited or compromised crypto could be feeding a false
perspective, leading to example three where a surveillance state could be
internally believed serving this private ideological constituency yet also
be backdoored elsewhere, beyond the limit of their models of awareness.
the fourth, last example being the future or other hidden crypto systems
that a future state may develop in terms of a line of demarcation between
the human and antihuman interactions, in that security and secrets occur in
that realm of conflict in terms of unshared identity, goals, values, etc.
and thus likewise, 'money' or 'currency' in these differing scenarios,
taxes or politics or social services, etc. what is true is true. and then
there are also black swan events that challenge the model, its assumptions.
either/or, both/and, neithor/nor, switches and electronic circuits as they
relate to relations of observers, set theory dynamics as daily encounters.
war and peace in a realm of language and bureaucracy, hidden within logic,
its lack of accounting. security through obscurity or the deep strategy.
nothing like communicating like a barking animal, rawr rawwr rawrrrr!!!!
rowwf! ROF! WROFF! wwwWWRRRAAOAOOFFFFFFFFF!
--- more on crypto model ---
there is truth, there is logic, and logical reasoning in turn which
mediates 'ideas' - evaluating patterns and constructing hypotheses via
concepts and models.
   T <-> logic <-> reasoning <-> [ideas]
so if you have /binary/ logic, you get binary reasoning and binary models
and thinking, whereby if a pattern is matched, it is by default 'true'.
   T <- binary reasoning <- [pattern match]
thus is the structural bias that if pseudo-truth is the value [pT] then
false absolutism inherently includes error in this 'accounting for truth'
as if it is purely true versus reliant on skew, distortion, error, etc. in
this way the image or sign=sign is an ungrounded validation of the ideas if
they are only 'partially true' yet not recognized as such, thus ungrounded
in the total idea said to be represented. normalization and reliance upon
false positives to prove sustain extend the false perspective modeling.
this is the ideological approach of binary programming as 'philosophy'. it
is the Binary Crypto Regime belief system, as if 1/0 is guru accessible via
choosing beliefs in private frameworks of relativistic observations, often
based on power and privileged perspectives, whether biz or tech celebrity,
popular professor or self-righteous activist. the skew is the twl
and thus the pT<->T gap is the security and secrecy exploit, a structure
made to be exploited, yet it may not be recognized in the mindset itself in
terms of lack of accurate self-reflection, thus a psychological flaw in the
observer that tends towards psychopathy, narcissism, and anti-human agendas
or so life experience offers that as an evaluative framework to consider,
perhaps only validated when the have their extermination camps up & running
or the existing ones are revealed: poisoning environment, food, minds, etc.
what was realized upon sharing the model of crypto in relation to language
was that programming functions as a form of reasoning, and so considering
that there are limits to binary programming versus paradoxical, in terms of
the code possibilities of linear versus nonlinear evaluations, this also
holds true for 'ideas' and conceptualizations of what exists as it exists
and what must be held outside the frameworks because they cannot account
for anomalies-- the binary ideology is reliant on censoring and throwing
out data that does not conform, whereas the paradoxical 3-value and N-value
models retain this 'fine detail' of various intricacies of interstructural
dynamics as a basis to discern more accurate (shared, empirical)
frameworks  and in this way *trash is treasure*, or the relation between
archaeology and architecture, past and future meeting in the present with a
  1 <-> logical reasoning <-> [ideas]
if you get the ideas right, grounded in truth, the concepts and models,
then the code 'as language' is going to accurately mediate this relation
between /signs/ and the things they represent, or ground to, in/as truth.
  1 <-- [code] <-- programming
in this way, if the 'ideas of code' are accurately modeled and grounded,
their implementation would be validated by truth and its error-correction
of the faulty code would be vital to securing truth within the model
  0 <-- [pT.code] <-- 'binary reasoning' *
whereas a worldview and model based on an unfalsifiable approach that is
removed of error correction may have 'some truth' though its further and
further reliance on error-reliant frameworks would continuously move this
'shared view' closer and closer to zero, instead of 1, via the increasing
dissolution of truth within a larger ever expanding framework of falsity.
in a complex multiple-use model involving deception, such unaccountable
code could not only be used as an exploit, the programmatic assumption
could itself be exploited via social engineering of the ideological mindset
and thus the very viewpoint is as insecure as the codebase is made to be:
 1/N/0 <-- pT/T.code <-- 'binary/paradoxial-reasoning'
There could be a massive deception hidden within this context, not only of
the binarists who exploit broken crypto to surveil and steal from others,
including the state itself, though have no indication of anomaly allowing
their mirror-looking to see the other side of the one-way view, thus other
encryption alongside yet invisible, additional 'truth' inside or outside
binary models of 'pseudo-truth' yet unable to be reasoned, pattern matched
and instead thrown out as errors, ignored. superposition of truth, its
contingence on observation and how logic effects what can be reasoned to
exist. and this is where /programming/ essentially is a form of reasoning
and yet 'the debate' is not occurring at the level of language in words and
viewpoints of people- in that this level of [code] is needed to
communicate  and model ideas within society, to align with conceptual
structures like programmers must to attain functionality of developed
intermechanisms and yet at the level of individual and group discourse this
system of relation and communication is broken within institutions,
schools, and society, such that only a binary viewpoint is allowed and
proceeds and is rewarded yet at a cost to civilization and life itself, due
to the servitude to enforced stupidity.
instead, the ability to comprehend this situation of communication as
[code] is needed firstly to be able to think and evaluate accurately, to
use language and mathematics in a meaningful grounded way, and not
arbitrary or mindlessly reproducing copies of copies of ideas that are now
ideologies, adding more and more noise and losing the original truth or
signal that instead is no longer accurate because the context is changed
and it needs to be reevaluated as model, yet everyone appears ILLITERATE
else unwilling and unable to do this, because they have more important
things to do like wax their egos or manicure their stellar lifestyles.
in other words, in some fundamental sense: programming is logical reasoning
and tools could be made to develop these skills via the distributed net of
mobile platforms that would help people learn how to think, how to evaluate
situations in empirical frameworks, help understand probability, looping
hypotheses, binary limits and issues of absolutism that are unreal in the
ordinary sense (too simple, thus dumb and inculcating ignorance via
viewpoint), and provide platforms to link thoughts and ideas and concepts
in structural frameworks as a new foundation for the next internet as a
shared POV and organization of data that is meaningful and has purpose
beyond private views and agendas, and limits of copyright for truth, etc.
so the relation of "logical reasoning" with [language] and [mathematics] in
terms of concepts, ideas, algorithms, models, yet also "programming" of
this CODE that may remain or be sustained by cryptographic means and
methods in terms of deep culture and the sustaining of literacy beyond the
ordinary mainstream boundaries, its metaphysical dimensions and source.
in this, the role of cryptography perhaps at the unifying juncture of the
two cultures as they are reunited in [code] and establish LITERACY across
the total domain, moving from esoteric to revealed knowledge and awareness.
the philosophical dimension, context, and goals of programming and role of
debate and protection and extension of freedom of ideas and language within
the era of computer development lost to social engineering via technology,
its tools and platforms to promote this ignorance, falsehood, functioning
against truth and shared awareness, against ideas, feedback, democracy. the
ideology too small for the ideas, the ideas to large for the logic, and in
turn the corruption replacing insight with ego, as the basis for exchange
in a shallow hollow realm of exchange and relation fundamentally antihuman.
*key is whether the observer is aware of their own observation, their own
code, and can correct and account for errors or relies upon them for
observation. can the observer observe themselves or do they realize their
observations are observed by others, which is a basis for objective views
in that many views of the same event can help error correct for distortion
or unknowns yet if all assume the same views, these are reinforced instead.
--- ye ol crypto system ---
to the tangible future of a human managed society and state based on shared
truth-- it would be possible to transform the issues of today into a new
context and capture the /truth/ that exists buried within the complexity
overlapping agendas, human and inhuman, and align the activities of the
public and private state in accordance with human needs and goals. such as
with a new digital monetary system and taxes, and education that teaches
citizens how to think via logical reasoning, to raise consciousness and
capacity through learning and developing skills, towards optimal and
highest functioning - and to realign goals of bureaucracy to serve the
citizens instead of function against them, such as regularity agencies that
establish a framework to reclaim a healthy non-toxic environment and return
areas of wilderness to their natural state, such as removal of vast areas
of sprawl and reimagine city planning and transportation systems and other
approaches to human development in a more efficient, effective, humane and
livable approach.
the issue of these marketing firms and advertisers collecting vast data for
sale on any citizens is in parallel to state surveillance issues and could
be legally abolished as a practice, with limits to what can be collected
and requiring a citizen to allow such tracking for market research and
nothing beyond this. that would be legally enforced and corrupt systems
that surveil as business models would be taken down, go out of business due
to the illegality of a massive private surveillance regime due to code
exploits of constitutional errors, allowing private businesses to profit on
public extortion, expropriation, devaluing of name and identity, stealing
of information, and various other forms of theft, fraud, schemes for the
blacklisting and framing or intimidation of others via such practices,
especially and particularly in a political and ideological context, where
your local business is tallying your presence here and there and gaining
profit off such data as a business model, reinforcing the tyranny. there
is  no place for this lawlessness, this bullying and intimation within a
'free' society unless it is no longer beholden to its constitutional
framework and there is nothing to protect citizens from the exploitation of
their data.
it is not an issue of regulating it-- it needs to be abolished.
in contrast, state surveillance is potentially somewhat a windfall for a
future society where electronic health records, dental, taxes, billing,
taxes, income, work history, education documents, and other dossiers could
become a repository for citizen data that they should be legally allowed to
access -- based on transparency and within limits of security models in
terms of actual secrecy and security issues it may involve. such that you
probably would not have access to FBI or CIA assessments though should
rightfully have everything else, and it should be *accurate* data and not
full of lies, distortions, false perspectives-- and this needs to be the
right of every citizen to have accurate data profiles (A=A) and not full of
documents that distort information to onesided views based on corrupted and
self-serving authority or political agendas.
so here's the idea- and the critical role of cryptography in this...
basically these federal and state databases can become future 'electronic
records' for citizens, so that all dada is stored in a shared accessible
model and can be accessed from anywhere via the network, such that schools
can send data to those files and logins can allow shared access for those
whose files they are. then, for instance, if the government has a issue
such as social security, all the data is in one place and the reference
information is available from multiple locations, not duplication or
triplication or quadrupling of efforts or reliance on postal mail, paper
and stamps and delivery networks to get snail mail validation. ZONING would
be the primary structural issue, what are the perspectives for the combined
total database, say federal and state, though also health education work
taxes and onward, though an entire life could be stored in the model, from
childhood to old age. and yet these could be more than documents, it could
also involve a concept of a citizen, a model or 'individual circuit' that
they develop for their goals in life and their circumstance, issue and
skills unique them, and through this empirical context and grounding,
everyone including teachers and family and doctors and the state could
access this data model as it relates to the individual conceptualization,
their direction of development, and map lives into and onto and through
this data modeling as a model of education, health, career, citizenry.
to do this would require shared keys, and an infrastructure reliant on both
security and secrecy in varying scenarios, depending on the exchange, and
to what degree the data is made accessible. for instance a doctor visit
could have the medical records opened for a one-week window for updates via
key exchange, or an educational institution may hold keys for each student
that updates their coursework yearly or by semester yet otherwise is closed
down and secured in the state model, under watchful eye, protected. this
too could occur with monetary exchange accessed through a substructure so
employers payroll is automatically figured, and micro-taxation that could
be automatic to currency could be tabulated and tallied and recorded in
this central location and instead of taking money out and then returning it
later, avoiding this lunacy for a just-in-time model where money accounts
for its own existence and has identity yet does not create friction that
prevents monetary relations or exchange, allowing money its fluidic power.
the individual citizen then could be given a crypto key that is somehow
attached to an object, equivalent in some way to a social security card
with specific ID number, yet with an authentication scheme based on a
single unique entanglement (assuming classical quantum infrastructure is
out in the open) and thus the key has unique physical bits that ensure
specific entanglements with other paired bits elsewhere, that could be
connected to this central database of state. and from that, entangled
further into a physically-based model of crypto, additional crypto keys
that coexist in that domain within infinity-models, that generate the
everyday keys for accessing bank or school records or circuit diagrams of
the self as a life plan, the society actively involved and supporting
development of itself in a shared framework of relations and exchange,
ideas and intention, purpose and possibility for human civilization.
in other words, a person would carry a device that would be a keychain and
have many active keys that are validated by an underlying state key that
generates these others via physical hardware entanglement, perhaps a
qbit-blackbox or something on a smartcard, yet its detachment from the
person also could invalidate the key as it is a unique one-time correlation
and thus to forge it would collapse the entanglement, and other monitoring
would track occurrences to prevent outside manipulations via biometric or
other verification of identity. speculative, most entirely unknown though
seemingly feasible in the abstract, where the physical key of door/lock is
updated into a future realm of entangled crypto keys as citizen ID, that
then is a validation/verification system for establishing remote trust for
other subsystem crypto exchange via related or embedded key systems that
could be added to the keychain. perhaps the quantum key resides within a
home and only activates the other keys yet need not be carried around once
activating them, and thus provides a physical security barrier or air gap
that could bound any attack into the larger network or database system by
whatever local key is accessed illegally, thus establishing perimeter
defenses or other protocols to diagnose or act on the anomalous events.
it is questionable if such a keychain or crypto key system would involve
tracking by default, if not just in a data model given that the state may
have access to this information if needed, and thus in an emergency it may
change 'zone' settings, open up the cell network, track a person down and
ring their phone to let them know of a connected event via automated call,
or other such functionality, though otherwise data could be anonymized and
sensor networks and others would only focus on actual threats versus
dragnet the entire citizenry under hypersurveillence atmosphere where the
entire society is criminalized and made passive via fear of state violence
and retaliation for speaking differently or going against political party
line, which is the daily situation in its economic, social, political
context as engineered by the binary ideologists to exploit as is.
in this way, crypto keys could differentiate zones of public from private
and there could be state secured databases protected by law, whereby like a
safe deposit box, information could be stored or this could be linked
within the home as well, decentralized, though in some sense 'security' and
'secrecy' of a private nature could be protected via these lawful resources
that would only under extraordinary measures be accessible by the state,
under oversight, and monitored to ensure they are protected by government.
for instance, someone may want photos of their granddaughter to be passed
on to her after the grandparents pass, and she has children, and such
documents could be stored in such a place, as data files. maybe that is not
the idea of others, though it is in contrast to the 'fear the state' model
if it were to exist in a context of human values, where these rights and
principles and ideas are protected, then the database could be citadel, a
protected zone that will continue even if the house burns down or a parent
dies and that data can be accessed and it is part of the process of life
within a context of electronic information and data resources like these.
the larger aspect is that such a tiered crypto system then could involve
house keys, vehicle keys (for eventual antigravity landspeeders i hope),
'money keys' (access to currency, currency as information), state database
keys (subset: health, education, career, psychology, etc). etc.
the crypto infrastructure would be vital to establishing, sustaining, and
securing and protecting the state and its citizenry, in addition to its
role in secret communication which may take on other parameters in such a
'shared identity' context, whereas other realms could involve unshared
identity and involve tactical, strategic, operational crypto for other
environments and situations or tied into this as an infrastructure layer.
say, if you're dealing with hostile robots who steal children or swap out
citizens and they need to be hunted down and eliminated, and so on.
parallel to this, hopefully the end of wi-fi will appear, the pollution of
the environment via electromagnetic radiation and interference with the
senses and nature, and regain what has been lost by toxic invisible skies
continuing that terrible tradition of the first industrial revolutions,
once citizens become literate that the technology is harming citizenry by
unregulated design and this relates to cancer and other issues, including
nefarious agendas to engineer illness, obesity, to devolve the society.
those codes can be broken, dismantled, revealed for the abuses of power
they involve and the antihuman agenda that the unconstitutional state is
allowing to exist, terrorizing citizens as its basis for legitimacy. the
true terror today is the unlawful illegal unconstitutional state today. its
code is error-ridden, its ideology is completely unsound, and it is time it
is accounted for and error-corrected at the scale required to change its
circuitry and given humanity the chance it deserves to succeed in this
life. if ever there has been a reason to fight, this is it.

@_date: 2013-09-21 14:41:55
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [7] code constellations 
observation based on the assumption that everything is code, to some degree
or other. in this, that everything that can be is mapped into language
systems and mathematical context, and that there is an outer boundary or
edge of description, rationalization, where questions and ideas meet,
beyond pre-existing answers and ideologies- new data or anomalies that
break the worldview, reigning perspective, or shared context.
code is thus not just an invention from punchcard looms for algorithms of
calculation and thus only in its binary format legitimate, nor is crypto so
limited to only be an issue of silicon hardware/software tools for
conveying hidden or secure messaging. metaphor to semaphore as language
itself flips its bits.
quilts an example of stories embedded within a particular structural
system, telling of events and people within an abstracted language
requiring 'increased awareness' or  'new literacy' to decode. patterns-
modular constructions, repeated and unique, style as it relates to
substance and the symbolic- likely a more pure form of communication than
buggy computer code as a basis for the same, seemingly even more secure if
the connection is hidden and inaccessible to the unknowing, except shared
key quilters.
atmosphere created and sustained this way as consciousness, shared
understanding and awareness and value and systems of communication,
association and correlation, and grounding of ideas within the realm of
objects, ideas made tangible via the material and yet not cold and detached
and themselves hidden, and instead upfront, aesthetic creations asking to
be looked at, reviewed, evaluated, inspected, and maybe perhaps you could
also begin to read and understand the stories they are carrying within.
pattern recognition, in this way, though into deeper interpretation than
soup can label equals soup can label, the realm of nuance and
juxtaposition, advanced dynamics of association, frameworks, scaffolding,
structures built to convey such messaging.
in this way, so too flower arranging. decentralized and distributed code
networks, perimeters of dynamic interrelations, flowers appearing at events
as symbolic subtext to mediate exchange or secure and enhance a shared zone
via their given aesthetics. these, wide ranging and as deep as nature and
its understanding. the gear-like flower evoking perhaps a mechanization,
the colors their own language mapping the world and its social dynamics,
love, friendship, drama and danger, specific patterns telling stories birth
to death, celebration to impending doom. sunrises and sunsets, the moon and
birth of stars, and of music in their visual and fragrant ethereal delight,
the reminder of what is missing in the technological assemblage, detached
from nature, by comparison a vase of sensors and LED candlelight fail to
warm the heart, imagination.
and thus the floral arrangement as form of secure communication, for
someone to not know of this realm of cultural literacy, to miss the icepick
flower amidst others, while those who see it know what is arriving next.
and thus of limits and bounds to observation, as crayon-like simplicities
exist for awareness by the uninitiated, especially those without
appreciation for natural aesthetics and their language- and the lost
intelligence that results from this, which itself can be a security threat
if not able to read the signs, especially as they may occupy one's
particular world.
in this way the code of flowers can be a highly developed skill and
awareness, a means to establish secure communication and remote connections
at a distance, even if relayed or in the presence of others, given a shared
framework for interpretation. and so some observers may be effectively
blind to the hidden content or code within, and incapable of reading the
details or structures involved,which could be patterns on the flowers
themselves, the different types of leaves or various plant forms, as these
combine into larger relational structures that can mirror the surrounding
world and provide insight via this correlation and alignment, if developed
as a practice. for some it may never go beyond the color for roses as a
mapping of social protocol, a symbolic and perhaps hollow expectation,
turned into a commodity. another thing. whereas for others this depth and
detail could be as large as nature to consider and communicate within, and
thus not only for the florist, the botanist and those who study and relate
and exchange ideas in these domains, this knowledge enabling code
similarly, across structural systems of empirical observation, this as
in this way the disciplines, archaeology to zoology, mechanics to small
businesses of a particular domain, hidden communications through the
symbolism involved in shared frameworks and exchange. at some point,
perhaps, additional messages carried along the carrier waves of these
shared structures and assumptions, rightly or wrongly.
the limit to this or conundrum seemingly being insight, or lack thereof and
instead a rote presumption of some bounded meaning that never goes into or
beyond the ordinary and thus in some sense dead ideas or ideological
dispositions to the same domain. this is the danger of rationalization,
deciding upon or fixing a perspective that may become rigid and
unquestioning, a regime of interpretation that may bound further inquiry,
improvement, and development beyond some prevailing condition. and in this
a lack of insight if not due to lack of reflection or self-awareness could
occur that instills and requires this incapacitation as a normality, as a
mode of existence. whereby things are only what they are, nothing else
beyond the given point of view. it could be the difference between ideas
which are alive and those that are dead.
consider birdwatching where some may observe birds to check off a
particular type of bird from their most-wanted observational list and those
who may observe birds in their backyard or in the park and consider their
existence and enjoy their presence. if birdwatching was just a
pattern-matching exercise the larger issues of birds such as their role as
mobile sensors of environment health and a diagnostic for changing
ecosystem patterns could be detached from this, and thus only the checkmark
matters and amounts to a leisure activity without greater insight into what
is actually being observed. whereas if birding data is fed into larger
databases by bird watchers or others who monitor habitats, that can help
build maintain and adjust models to help account for present and future
ecological dynamics, which can relate to policy if it were a value in
civilizational development, versus a footnote without a feedback loop
enough to actually alter the dynamics, due to development patterns having
turned the entire realm of wildlife into compartmentalized zoos, emptied of
larger species of wildlife, the state parks now held within zones of
unending suburbanization. those who can see and understand what it means
when there are no robins singing in spring may then understand the
signaling of nature in regards to its pattern language, or as with clouds
and weather, connect with this natural knowledge and as others likewise,
relate in a shared awareness and domain with regard to its meaning,
in this way, the pileated woodpecker may signify something and in its
mystery, in sighting or observing it, there can be insight to find it in a
location that it has never been seen or known to exist. and likewise, a
card sent in the mail of a bird or wildlife scene may similarly evoke such
messaging, for the initiated. this is the realm of the symbolic and reliant
on shared awareness and understanding, else to simply evoke something
intangible that may never be understood in its depth for those without such
literacy, and therefore remain in a realm of mystery, missed connection or
a subtext that is inaccessible, though perhaps through another observer
this same event will find its grounding via secure connection. the
importance of boundaries and thresholds, and how bias skew and distortion
could create barriers to interpretation because some event is *unlike* and
thus may remain unobserved in its dimensionality where such meaning may be
encoded, if not encrypted, and this could be of a natural realm, nature
itself, or guided by human involvement and shaping of perception, as with
cards or arrangements or research developing and sharing perspectives.
though as information itself, whatever its substance, it would appear to
exist as knowledge that functions as code, has programmatic qualities and
degrees of comprehension that can lead from genetics and throughout the
chemical and biological sciences outward, to ecosystems and habits and
society and customs and rituals, and thus anthropology and onward, to the
mundane everyday that in itself can be extraordinary, simply in sitting in
a park or on the steps of a dwelling and to have such empirical encounters
that may be developed or accessed or communicate in such a realm, here nor
there in the context of technological civilization and yet primary to the
heart, connection with others, and another way of saying and sharing and
conveying vital information, ideas, shared awareness. and in this, a
weather report or gorgeous looping radar image could itself as language, as
a symbolic code, function as if a type of poetry via its visualization of
this ineffable other realm - such that, in its aesthetics, perhaps it is of
much greater value to have a 'painting' of such imagery looping within a
digital frame as a painting that a copy of a copy of impressionist works
centuries previous, as if most telling about what is beyond the door, lived
context. this then of representation, also. as signs align and correlate
with experiences. and the value of awareness, the meaning involved in these
events, their role as shared and unshared code. what are the domains of
this programmatic language and mathematics that you inhabit, like and
unlike others. what domains does this extra-communicative activity take
place. is it within hobbies or passions that make you unique, and how does
your depth of interest relate or bound you from others- what does it open
up in connection and allow for in terms of secure exchange and what does it
close down by its misalignment or lack of connection due to boundaries of
self and-or others?
again, literacy seems all-critical, and in this the issue of sparking or
developing that vital interest that opens up the fascination these
discoveries and revelations can have within a life. the oft told story of
young boys (and occasionally girls) whose fathers' taught them how to take
things apart or worked on electronics kits, many times engineers and many
with electronics backgrounds. whereas for others, the children may grow up
inept, and with no such skills, perhaps as their parents did not have this
same affordance either, thus impacting generation after generation in turn.
graffiti is another area of code consideration, especially in terms of its
ambiguity and potential difficulty in reading or deciphering for the
uninitiated or outsiders, whether via colors or various styles or the
meaning involved, though at the level of the alphabetic- the prevalence in
the "superposition" of multiple potential letters at the same time, within
the same word, to shift meaning via small details that can create out of
one word fragment, sentence-like constructions. this is a remarkable skill
and insight into the code of communicating and is an advanced approach to
that communication keyboard reliant, bounded in any such ambiguitization at
the scale of the letter itself, the typo occurring only by substitution
digitally, tnis, though perhaps it is a similar idea with an additional
typographic element, custom fonts allowing more to occur in the graphic
and it should be said, as part of this hidden communication context and of
code, that the cryptic writing oftentimes found on the back of streetsigns
offers yet another potential application of crypto code in the everyday
environment, no computers needed to observe yet without shared library or
literacy, likely impenetrable for meaning. though rumored -these
instructions- related to black helicopter society and direction for covert
civilization who may key in and out of these infrastructural subtexts,
markers as if waypoints, all signs eventually pointing to armageddon, this
--- on color coding ---
here, the sociological and cultural. 'whites' and 'blacks' as racial
identities and how much data and bias can be formatted into worldviews and
nuanced into structures relied upon by group identities. this then ranging
perhaps to context of rainbow as cryptic evaluation of the varying hues,
part of a larger shared spectral condition. and how beliefs, ideas,
philosophies can exist according to these frameworks. it could be more
complex or involved than color alone, and thus issues of boundaries,
rationalizations, and limited interpretations, as this relates to issues of
literacy and shared awareness and 'reasoning'. here again the binary is
most dangerous, to over simplify and then roughcut reality to only a
limited if self-biased viewpoint.
the role of depth in this, what is true is true, and getting or accessing
this truth versus trying to control and maintain some limited version of it
which best suits a partial idea, protecting that 'fragment' in place of the
larger whole and in doing so sacrificing the truth to sustain the larger
structural falsity as if this truth. and thus ungrounded observations often
seek to keep truth out to sustain a flawed POV and protect a version of
events, yet this is very shallow and cannot be sustained beyond the finite
limit, and itself bounds awareness to only what is inside that threshold.
whereas in a feedback based, error-correcting observation of a surrounding
context, the involved 'ecological dynamics' must be related to via accurate
modeling of truth and thus ideas models hypotheses must be able to include
truth of these dynamics and not seek to limit it via rationalization based
on some partiality, as if the whole. terrible language this though like
history, to fold into it humanity and women and not account for these
dynamics then establishes structural distortions, lies even, to uphold and
sustain a given false framework and unshared point of view.
and yet likewise, to seek to include the larger ecological dynamics of
female being the counterpoint within the same private limitation of
feminism establishes its own biases and repeats the structuralization
reliant upon the false perspective, in so far as larger truth is edited out
of the shared human relations, whereby again there is no public beyond that
of private wo|man and it becomes an issue of picking sides. nothing like
having a contest between men and women for the place of representing the
whole of humanity. it just does not make any sense, unless in a binary
framework that legitimates it as an ideology, a tradeoff canceling the
other reality, substituting it for a new one that shares and relies upon
the same structural defects, as origin. thus 'bias' is transformed into a
"right" and people can choose their own reality and this becomes a
political process born of inadequate constitutional code that fosters this
kind of programming that functions against humans and our shared awareness.
this, my view, is likely flawed though offered as an interpretation of
events and seeks to provide context for something that is formatting these
relations and the way they are communicated by others means. certainly
women themselves have developed their own ways of hidden communication and
language, though the further it has become ideological the more fragmented
the 'whole' view has been, where consensus is not an issue only of sex or
gender as a class, because there can be low resolution from any view as to
how it relates to a larger life, beyond a finite issue, as they combine
into a life involving others, including in some cases, the antithesis (if
not men).
for sake of madness if not sanity let us just imagine that the entire world
is run by men and even the domain of women is controlled by men, in some
place more readily yet even in unexpected realms like fashion, to the point
that androgyny tends towards the transvestite as the biased model for the
'shared aesthetics' of women, exhibiting a passive-aggressive hatred yet
viable substitute, where female beauty is replaced by an army of manmade
mannequins that have a male-friendly agenda, as an exploit even of the
sexual domain, a conquering and annihilation of female beauty and its
profanation such that her beauty cannot be allowed to exist without being
subverted, spoiled, used against her, just like corrupt crypto- buying into
it destroys the very idea, and this by design. and so what of an ideology
that could promote such a hidden agenda, what kind of cause would be
involved in using the sign and image of women and female beauty against
herself and also against the men who love her, making repugnant the
fascination and devotion by substituting it for something else (A=B),
therefore amplifying perhaps the ambiguity and confusion and turning
towards another approach, which tends towards the male-male dynamic as it
contains both the male (anima) and the female (animus) between males as a
bounded shared relation and awareness. In this way, the actual female is
removed from the male relation and replaced by another male who takes on
the female dimension, and such programming is used to control sexual
dynamics within the subset of males, such that the basis for relations
   males (female+male)
And likewise, for the other side of this divide, female relations:
   females (male+female)
This in terms of set(subset) relations, whereby male-female & male-male
would be the mating context, and female-male & female-female, in terms of a
sex/gender divide. A lot more to it than this, including adding in
dimensions of patriarchy and matriarchy and also God|desses, as these may
map into both realms simultaneously. And also the psychological basis for
these dynamics in their normality (female psyche of males = anima, male
psyche of females = animus) which is a vital part of the human maturation
process, whereby an adult is balanced in both their male and female aspects
and not seeking to retain only one-sidedness, which can lead to great
interrelation problems including abuse and suffering. The ideal relation of
this subtext code of being then being a 'human female' and 'human male' who
each have their own anima/animus issues that balance across the total
shared circuit of being, and this as a traditional basis for relations and
the wealth of developing long-term relation via marriage.
   male (anima) & female (animus)
or in other words, the totality of each person...
   male (masculine+feminine) & female (masculine+feminine)
And for each person this weighting could be different, some males may be
more feminine in certain dimensions than others, though more masculine in
certain areas, and likewise women may be more feminine or masculine
attributes, and this would need to be complimentary and balance across the
relations, which is psychological yet also social, which leads to belief
that opposites can actually be very complimentary as the circuitry can have
a full range across all the various potential dynamics.
the point of this being that there are issues of awareness involved in
identity, shared and unshared, and this especially so in terms of sexuality
and gender as it relates to a preexisting biased condition of state and
civilizational development that polarizes if not penalizes and makes
impossible grounded relations between males and females in a way that
'benefits both' and instead via binary relations could become an issue of
~one must lose for another to gain, this a structural condition an thus
destruction of family units and marriages because the foundation of
relations is such that "one person's rights take away another person's
equal rights". and thus an implicit form of submission is involved, both
culturally yet also personally in that to span the sexual and gender
dynamics can lead to normalizing this skew, structures thus reliant on
warping and distortion to maintain 'shared reality' that is actually
unshared and occurs by other means via subset dynamics (intra-woman,
intra-men) as this continues to divide and subdivide until there are no
relations anymore, else they become encrypted and only remote connections
are possible, feasible, because the exploitation and total control is so
complete, so annihilating, that there is no room anymore for love or
grounded passion or connection or shared insight, basically outlawed or
made illegal by the standing mediocrity that rules via this corruption.
and then there is a voice that arises, a shared perspective mapped into the
feminine, Code Pink within a mass mediated landscape that seemingly
represents something of this condition, a counterpoint that just makes
sense as a perspective- a viewpoint that is not confined within the
mainstream view if not due to disenfranchisement as part of a reasoning
process beyond that of private viewpoints- which has a public dimension,
and that males and females can relate to or through via its symbology. it
is as if a secret communication is given voice to say what is thought yet
otherwise not heard, or breaks into consciousness what already exists
within daily flows of relations and yet is silenced via these same
environments, specifically via bias and the role of female imagination and
action being removed from most every domain as having value and worth and
importantly- insight, and knowledge of what is going on. this, the conceit
of male perspective as primary and also superior in awareness, not
accounting for limitations or skew and thus choosing errors over their
correction if the feedback loop is broken or unobserved via power
relations, which is normalized. the burka of ideology forced onto the minds
of women as a means of controlling the state and the 'men' who require this
in order to have their stations, virtually.
--- crypto currency ---
this may be an impossible point to make. it involves the disconnect between
males and females as a structural necessity of the broken code of state and
its effect on these same relations in terms of how they are formatted and
within what frameworks, most especially the context of money- whereby to
survive people have to make decisions that can correlate with choosing
money versus love, say, as a path to existence. and thus 'those who love'
yet are without money, may be without female companionship and connections
while 'those with money who do not love' may have female companionship.
and it is assumed for those literate, that the males and females in these
situations are cognizant of their own conditions and decision-making and
trade-offs involved. and so it is not ignorance and instead perhaps
necessity, that females of interest are oftentimes with males essentially
most concerned with themselves, firstly. while other males who serve women
in their lives and actions may be living without them, though through their
devotion and service seek to reestablish the lost connection.
and this can be as fundamental as truth itself. truth of female existence
both in its existence context, the legitimacy of feminism in a context of
history, and associated politics and policies as a difficult terrain
required to obtain basic changes to the structures that oppress and limit
by default, though also of accompanying bias and distortions resulting from
any such interactions at the level of society, breakage occurring as the
gears are out of alignment across the totality of state and thus
demystifying and making regular the female role as that of another
constituent in a competing marketplace, as if him or her or me in any
instance of the individual and the public prerogative, who gets to speak in
this instance and in what frameworks.
in this way, in all honesty it becomes quite clear: women can be incredibly
shallow, selfish, and exploit dynamics mainly for their benefit and
self-serving viewpoints, and thus error-reliant perspectives and limited
interpretations can lead to classic dynamics that devolve unshared
relations- and this becomes "discourse" on television as wave after wave of
dysfunctional male and female dramas play out on the stage, cheating,
vanity, sexual subversion, physical violence and psychological abuse. as if
the television wasteland is the inner mind and what inhabits the deep
hidden recesses of the unknown, locally, yet as a sign becomes a reference
for given encounters. and thus the empirical aspect of the totality and its
partial relation and interaction. just like the bad man, the evil woman who
may seek to do harm or exploit others. and perhaps this has some relation
to programming, hidden code, reading signs, literacy. just the fact that it
can be acknowledged, perhaps the 'fall of woman' into a state of disgrace
even, as an archetypal form that cannot be allowed to exist anymore in the
corrupted society and thus she is represented by this deterioration
instead. as if 'the symbol' of woman has become her antithesis, by default
of a corrupt state.
this involving a corrupted state of being, likewise, for humans in this
context. the fracturing of higher self into lower realms of malfunctioning,
merely to survive. and thus as context, the opposite of ideal:
   broken male <--> broken female
perhaps disillusionment with reality itself, lack of choices or better
options or an incapacitation due to circumstance or unknowing, and then to
look across into the life of another and yet still bridge the gap via
shared understanding, beyond words. that the life still resides within,
there is a shared key between them, and despite everything in surrounding
structures that holds them apart, if the love is there and recognized - the
shared truth of the encounter and connection between them - then perhaps
there is still hope that their relations survives its destruction.
in the profane context, the same dynamic could occur in some sense in terms
of prostitution, whereby a secure exchange could be brokered between the
two via a structural agreement that establishes their relation, mediated by
money, allowing access and connection. and yet it would seem in most cases
pseudo-truth (pT) would be the basis for exchange and that this connection
is occurring in an unshared context more likely by default, or the
circuitry is misaligned in terms of a whole relation as it relates to the
emotional bond between beings. and so in some sense the male may be limited
and remain in their own interiority, albeit externalized via relation with
another, and the female could retain herself within her own boundary,
versus having these dimensions harmonized across a total circuit as happens
in a grounded relation that develops over time, and thus each person can
improve as part of this relation, involving shared commitment though
importantly: concern for the others well being not just in the framework of
the self though also in their framework, to want what is best for the
person and not seek to limit or control it to support only the self.
what is hypothesized is that for a male that is grounded in relation to
female consciousness and truly loves women, that even without "money" a
currency may exist in this as a shared truth that could be recognized by a
woman, and for this example it is to retain the context of a prostitute as
a dynamic range such a connection could exist within, of male whose work
may seek to support the human connection and her freedom to develop as an
individual, and a woman who may recognize the love this involves yet
without the money to access or share this secret connection with her.
and thus it is proposed that if this shared truth was recognized, and a
particular form of key exchange occurred, that this same situation could be
transformed by the transformation of this context of relation, whereby
human intimacy could develop via this shared currency of truth, the shared
idea, the belief and value, and in turn this could become sacred
prostitution by comparison, a real connection between these people that
involves shared keys, encrypted communication, shared awareness and
grounded relation that verifies the connection. thereby neutralizing
exploitation that could be inherent and allowing a new realm of connection
based on this shared truth and service and connection, devotion and work
and allegiance.
it is to suggest that perhaps it is in the color of clothing in relation to
another sign that this communication will occur, or perception of flowers
of nature as the realities align, and in this way the aesthetic
communication and its basis in life and love have within them this mystery
and secret that carries a connection that otherwise may seem absent or
entirely profane, and yet the yearning undying heart continues its work and
she knows this, and thus it may be an issue of communication and the
ability to relate in these terms, not as expectation, yet realization that
there may be other dimensionality that is possible, given the right
again, like equals in some domains, shared connection or understanding or
atmosphere that correlates in special moments, this another realm of
patterns, shared identity, value, principles, purpose, respect of other
views and gaining understanding and knowledge likewise. in this implicit
connection, what is shared is truth, what is secured is truth, what is
grounded is truth between them.
(that she knows you respect her, what you are doing is for her, that you
care for her... that you are not trying to game and exploit her.
peer-relation. human. and then perhaps, the hope of balance, the larger
truth of this relation between you. such that she too may desire to secure
the shared reality and support the males best for her.)
in this way, erotic truth in a context of code and logical reasoning. its
role in key exchange, encrypted relations, programming, hidden
infrastructures. and of pattern recognition and its relation to ideas,
behaviors, and social relations including onesided ideologies, structures
and frameworks based on error-reliant biased code.
this proposal then for the currency of erotic truth as a basis for
crypto.sex relations, if thoughts and feelings similarly aligned, verified,
exchange made accessible via shared agreement, within the defined
parameters of relation.
(in most all cases it would be up to her to initiate the potential for
intimacy, secretly indicating willingness to relate within shared
dimensions via pattern-based communications. are you aware of the codes she
communicates within... the aesthetic domain where her insight is supreme,
and where truth indeed aligns with beauty)

@_date: 2013-09-21 19:08:58
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [8] code observatory 
so maybe nothing is this simple, the previous statements and hypothesis
themselves by default ungrounded, unrelated to the complexity involved in
the existing context for social relations.
what if the control of 'sexual code' and its programming via advertisement
and industries is what formats consciousness and social relations and thus
establishes the false 'common value' which is based on pseudo-truth and in
that inaccuracy, the exploits can occur which turn a situation against
itself by these very dynamics, if not via signs that represent them.
for instance, if every female model walking down a global catwalk starts
resembling Mick Jagger, you gotta wonder if the fake god is a narcissist
who cannot get enough of their own image, even in an opposite sex form. and
what that does to male-female dynamic relations likewise, whose ideal mate
is really this, or is it precisely the vulgarity it involves the corruption
itself, the information warfare and psychological ops against humanity.
for instance, how do you know the object of desire is not a man dressed up
or sex-changed into a woman, and what if paired keys does not address this
or there is deception going on, where female appearance is camouflage to
exploit those with natural desires, turning this connection of potential
love into one subverted by hate, using love against a person as their
weakness. and what if this covert, hostile agenda is normalized instead.
and thus even a woman-hating male psyche could be representing if not also
standing in for women, via simulation or substitution, for social relation.
how do you know the difference between the patterns, how to verify and
validate and secure a connection in truth, versus relying on pseudo-truth
and ultimately what could be lies, then allowing the exploit the access it
needs to corrupt and takeover systems. perhaps most especially in terms of
blackmail or setting up a person for a takedown via these methods.
it is proposed that the deceptions in those domain rely upon lies and
structures of falsehood, and 'iconic' expectations such that, like modular
code and programming, can provide predictable behaviors to exploit as if
based on rulesets that can program step by step the interaction according
to a preordained pattern. and that as long as truth is secondary to this,
whether via money or shared ideology or bias, that in that zone these other
activities could be masked or hidden as an agenda, opaque, in waiting.
whereas in grounded truth and intimate connection, truth is the transparent
shared condition of being, honest and error-correcting and forms the basis
for trust between people, not some other framework. perhaps the only way to
know would be a genuine connection in love, removed of illusion, and from
here to proceed- anything else could be an illusion, about images, and in
this way mirages in the desert of unshared reality, tricksters all around.
love as grounding for intimate social relations and beyond, as it relates
with fundamental and foundation truth, as it establishes solid relations
between people and within society via shared empirical agenda. one, many.
versus its subversion, mimicking of love, exploiting it, to serve some
other end or hidden agenda, and thus false confirmations and shared lies
that enable alternate worlds of deception which can occupy houses, entire
neighborhoods and cities and states via networks, and beyond, to which a
person may find themselves someday lost, every direction misinformation,
every sign post a false indication, leading further and further into doom.
thus the assumption of physical connection and the terror of its subversion
may create a gap between the shared mind and awareness, and the physical
relation with another, even though cryptic communication could occur. and
thus asynchronous relations could exist in their place, as if each person
is on the other side of a boundary that cannot be surpassed without losing
the connection, because it cannot be sustained in the given environment.
and yet entanglement could be present in this sharing of truth, especially
in that erotic charge where worlds align, and in this, the same issue of
keys and secure connection though in a realm of shared memory instead, as
the intimate relation, and thus grounding could occur by validating this
and securing it as a shared truth, in the realm of atmosphere it occupies.
archetypes, jungian psychology, transference of S -> S' and S' -> S'. a
woman walks around with her luscious shoes and wet gleaming nail polish
until another turns a corner and becomes transfixed at the beauty, the
circuit completed, switches turned on in the shared erotic connection and
the alter finds its devote worshipper who receives this extreme pleasure.
the economics of lust and love, these forms of hidden exchange, full of
meaning and insight into the prime motivation that moves the world in its
health and through its dysfunction, sickness. a terror to not have these
dynamics liberated while the ugliness and grotesque can do anything while
those so devoted are trapped and confined by rules and regulations as if
natural instinct and affections area illegal, while regressions, sadism and
misogyny are normalized. impossible for healthy balanced sexual dynamics
when they are not allowed for humans, including the full range connections.
instead all of this is middle-managed, bureaucratized and exploited by an
instilled set of beliefs, at least on the outside, in the world of images.
it is as if there are components of a circuitboard that are made to work
with one another, that have collaborative and beneficial dynamics yet are
not allowed in proximity to one another based on the components that are by
comparison rigged, cheating and taking over the space and rewiring it only
for their kinds, leaving areas of isolation and malfunctioning due to the
inability to access the other, beyond the structural frameworks that seek
to subvert and exploit the connection due to a corruption of its truth.
what is unshared or partly true must be adapted to in order to survive. and
then only to find later on what is missing, where it is located, and the
distance between that may only be temporarily bridged in passing, via a
quick glimpse of recognition of what has been lost in the everyday. and
this can be the truth of love itself, intimacy, grounded connections.
as with a simulation that seeks to replicate another situation, the fakery
can be revealed in its errors, where resolution or detail is lacking and
thus whether via inadequate computation or malmodeling, the framework based
on and supporting this falsity may begin to warp and skew, potentially to
cause accidents and crashes as its compass does not align with the larger
circumstance of shared awareness that it seeks to control and to replace.
so too with fake men and women, shallow and without depth of imagination,
of limited and rigid reasoning, and while 'saying all the right things' it
is these 'ideas' that have already and must always have been said before,
as if referencing a memory database for fake-insight, correct perspective.
again the binary viewpoint is ideal for such a simulative social substitute
whereas a paradoxical situation would throw loop after loop into basic
functioning and become a turing test to figure out to what degree the
internal mechanism can actually calculate something beyond its boundary or
threshold of interpretation. thus pregnant pause one thing, silence another
as the system reboots and tries to brute force the situation again and
again, as if something would be different by merely repeating the trials,
trying to look for an error to exploit to retain old existing worldview as
shared reality, albeit ungrounded and based upon deception, cloak dagger.
the alchemy of relations, natural with natural, artificial with artificial,
and virtual with virtual; yet in their recombination the dynamic exchange
of natural with artificial, or natural with virtual, either tending toward
the cyborg and in their composite, perhaps something akin to an advanced
humanity yet removed of the human and grounded truth as the central value,
the antihuman which seeks to destroy and replace the nature at its heart.
typologies and permutations, chemical models and their transformations and
relations within a geometric context -- not only in terms of being, and
thus identity -- ideas themselves: models, hypotheses, awareness.
in this way, understanding such cryptic code and programming can result in
capturing pieces, turning positions and players via seeding truth and
threshold access, putting the labyrinth on autopilot via these dynamics.
it is thus in symbolic communication that observation often occurs and in
awareness of self and others in this context, within existing or potential
dimensions. and yet to also perhaps be ungrounded, illiterate in this same
way as to how the observations are generated, validated, achieving 'truth'
or does it begin as a fiction until removed of all accompanying errors...
again to language and signs, the ecological relation amongst things, the
associational structures inherent in perception whether or not conscious of
them. to see a sign above a store with stalks of wheat, indicating bread.
or grapes, wine. green grapes, white wine, red grapes red wine and so on,
to whatever level of detail. infrastructural signage. bees as they relate
to flowers and pollination, as this relates to honey. ideas, concepts,
dynamics involved in these structural interrelations. massive code as it
were, societies envisioned structured around the bee, for instance, by
analogy. spiritual significance. deep knowledge of nature and industry, as
systems relate and exchange their shared truth.
and so too, in the more profane and superficial realm, viagra and an male
male virility and breast implants and signs of hyper-feminine nurturing and
the ecosystems of advertising, mass media entertainment, and social
relations based on what becomes a structural pseudo-truth, as if mimicry,
by which to 'shared consciousness' which can be a false perspective and
unsustainable except as artifice, which then is further developed and built
upon as if normal and solid when instead it is not of this same nature or
instinct. it has different parameters of interaction, including detached
sign-based relations where error-correction may be ignored and create a
realm of ideological commerce detached from its physical reality, where
womens breasts become detached from the sex itself via imposters or female
substitutes which stand-in as representers or signs of female being yet
seek to subvert the feminine by doing so, that depth of evil hacking, as it
also relates breast cancer or other defacements, cutting and scarring of
the body and its replacement via another plastic aesthetic, barbie doll,
yet potentially Edward in drag, giving come hither looks on the street.
the point is that -belief is not truth-. yet it can function as this if not
aware of what is being perceived, having an understanding of the idea and a
way of evaluating its integrity. can the belief even be questioned- or is
it beyond the boundary of interpretation. and if so, what might it mean if
a world of children is released into a world of masquerade, and the basic
relations between boys and girls are forged in a world of imposters and
exploiters who seek to destroy these very connections via their subversion.
or short-circuit development of individuals and their relations via abuse
that makes it certain they cannot function in these dynamics, healthily.
what if that code is important too, for security in the state, protecting
shared value, yet exists outside of software and hardware systems today, or
rather- is enabling these types of exchanges via an ideological fortress
built of binary religion and schemes that ride alongside the deception,
providing tools and carrying water and making change at the sideshows.
what if this is the same context for mass surveillance and these are also
'the politics' on the inside, mapping to the same corruption that becomes
oppression of ordinary citizens.
(cf. false perspective in relation to false economy via pseudo-truth, false
reality sustained by maintaining status quo; code as facade.)
what if the government spying of the public is being used to secure a
private ideology as a perpetual, unchecked, governing power via corrupt
language with no accounting for truth in its onesided reasoning.
that is, it is deemed "legal" within a warped and skewed constitution and
is essentially BAD FAITH, functioning against citizens, its subtext
political domination and removing of enemies via guiding to cattle chutes.
the programmatic aspect of this- you say certain things and they, like code
words automatically trigger certain dynamics, as if via mechanism. and thus
the [sign] of something, merely referencing 'the constitution' by someone
who is a 'constitutional lawyer' could be viewed legitimate because what
they declare cannot be overpowered by another interpretation in binary
terms, yet similarly *ignores* all contrary and falsifying facts via
ideology, and therefore relies upon, adds and extends errors into the
shared state framework (like bugs and malicious code) that can be further
exploited by subsequent policy actions -- yet which are never held to
account in an empirical framework of shared truth - beyond language (!)
meaning that the [signs], words and letters equate with this grounded truth
instead of the ones and zeros of truth and falsity via logical reasoning,
whereby acts of state become acts of literature, via private interpretation
said to be and validated as 'the reading' though based upon these flaws
that, in this A=B subjectivity, deteriorate the state in its functioning
due to the loss of accurate grounding and accountability in truth, of and
as truth, and instead only and increasingly partial, serving fewer and
fewer. it is not that someone cannot propose ideas, it is that there is no
error-correction mechanism to stop false perspectives from taking over the
interpretation and thus an imbalanced framework, a corrupted code results.
and mass surveillance contrary to privacy and businesses, franchises and
supermarkets and shoe stores surveilling citizens is a vast obscenity to
the laws of the shared state-- and yet a certain empowered population
likewise seems to believe this is their right and proper managerial place,
providing oversight of others, and thus tangibly 'represents their will' to
promote and succeed in such an agenda.
beneath this is the problem of reasoning in binary terms, as if a fencing
competition, points scored and one side is victorious. or jousting match,
someone brutally dismounted from their vehicle if not impaled. thus fear of
losing and losing face, in binary terms.
versus the greatness of ideas, of truth and concepts and modeling, the
activity of considering things and sharing discoveries and knowledge and
how terrible it has become in an age of universalized communication tools,
the limit becoming ourselves, our limits and lack of imagination and the
ability to think beyond flawed approaches while stuck in serial (binary)
language. perhaps most notable is the role of theory, both in negative
consequences yet also the metaphysical and tacit knowledge developed in
tentative frameworks of interpretation that could and should be salvaged
and brought into common empirical error-corrected realms, for what is true
of what is theorized remains true, yet should not be reliant on falsity or
errored-structures to maintain the hypotheses. because the gap between pT
and T, and pT and F is the realm of the exploit, the subversion, which can
change the stated direction of inquiry via its effects, whether knowingly
by subversion or accident, hijacked by other unaccounted hidden forces.
(note: it is this realm of partial truth or pseudo-truth that is the realm
of paradox. essentially up until now it has been referenced as an
inaccuracy, whereby A=B is considered false, due to limits of explanation
in email format- more likely it would be said B=B equals not-A and thus
would be false, though perhaps this should occur beyond a,b notation and
just use t,f, such that T=F is the paradoxical condition, whereby what is
true about it (T) would need to separated from what is false (F) within a
realm of pseudo-truth, such that:
   1 <--- T --- (pT) --- F ---> 0
and in doing this via a perpetual looping testing of the hypothesis, remove
falsity and error from pseudo-truth, distilling the truth to only what is
true (1) so that what remains of pseudo-truth is as near absolute as
possible (towards 100% true, or 1 in probabalistic terms). in this way, a
minor truth embedded in falsity that exists as ungrounded pseudo-truth, say
a tiny fragment of truth to recover from an inaccurate error reliant
perspective (1% or .01) could by this process be isolated and purified,
moving towards 100% or 1 (T). thus the issue of paradox exists in an A=B or
T=F scenario though removes the known falsity from the modeling, such that:
   (1)  A <--- pT ----> B (0)           therefore:   (~1 <-- .01)    T <==
...in terms of addressing and resolving paradox via hypotheses and testing
models and concepts via multiple observers and shared empirical
observations of the common event from as many angles as available.
   A = A  (tending towards truth)
   A ≅ B  (tending toward paradox)
   A = B  (tending towards falsity)
or so it is proposed there is a nuanced delineation required that has been
missing in previous explanation about the ambiguity involved.)
ideas are like molecules, having edges and vertices and yet this is a
nonlinear approach requiring to some degree a computational context for
such 'conceptual language' to exist within, beyond the alphabetic as a
means to communicate, outside the book, into the circuit and diagram and
empirical model. panoptics central, many observers of a given event and
tallying and error correcting the shared view, removing falsity and thus
distortion and arriving at structures and scaffolding within and between
concepts. truth at its core, logic as the basis for reasoned connections,
and then referencing this model from any point and perspective and moving
through it and making various interconnections as a way of conveying ideas,
truth, perception, experience. school children to grandparents referencing
the same modeling, developing and refining it over a lifetime.
the same idea in part as hypertext^1, in this way such point-line-plane
constellations of data could be mapped into its multidimensional structure
and a single common instance of a concept referenced by all documents, such
that [crypto] links to the concept, error-corrected, hypothesis challenged
model of crypto maintained by tens of thousands of people and debated, in
its entirety, as to its integrity and validity in terms of grounded truth,
where every truth must be accounted for, via probabilistic looping of data
and new data that remains contingent, able to be falsified, error-checked
and corrected as part of the process of logical reasoning / programming.
it would then be possible to develop a periodic table of 'ideas', models
and concepts that are /forms/ that are aligned and grounded in the shared
awareness of empirical truth and thus as code, and can be used for debate.
not a negative interaction of win-lose, instead the intellectual challenge
and joy of sharing views and observations and working-through differences
and learning from one another and incorporating what is true within a model
of shared truth and verifying and refining it as part of this 'reasoning'
that has been lost to private relativistic dialogue in binary terms. in
this way, all ideas, my own completely error-ridden and yet like others,
whatever is true in them would survive the edits in shared evaluation as
'truth' and not just a private observation that functions only as fiction.
whereas what is false would be removed, and what is partially true would
need to be separated into what is true and what is unknown and what is
false, and thus the room for potential hypotheses and further evidence, and
also for the richness in previous outdated modeling that may correlate with
an ecosystem of discovery, providing indications of a process involved that
moves from earliest stages to refinement of these conceptual models. again,
literacy is required, the ability to think and be aware and communicate and
relate in a shared framework, as human observers.
(basically modeling ideas as circuits, formed into molecules. individuals
as circuits, tasks and routines for a new model of personal computing based
on an AI data furnace approach)
random notes: voting through digital money, taxes for representation,
steering and percentage weighting towards certain policy priorities and-or
approaches, say funding basic and applied research. also: greatest threat
to tax system is subversion of policy  which justifies rebellion against
taxes to fund private state oppression of public, financing own holocaust.
work as info/value, correlated to money/currency via data model. accounting
for work in a realm of symbolic processing, versus manual labor standard.
issue of observing and accounting for crypto state viewed as treasonous by
the binary ideologues, revealing deception of traitors, moles, liars and
deceivers. becomes basis for criminalizing citizens as if perpetrators, use
of surveillance blackmail in this context, free speech and expression the
means to justify further police state tactics to protect those on inside
and in administrative and managerial roles. social hierarchy involved and
protected or secured bureaucratic structures these activities occur within.
^1 Project Xanadu by Ted Nelson
Computers for Cynics 0 - The Myth of Technology
Computers for Cynics 1 - The Nightmare of Files and Directories
Computers for Cynics 2 - It All Went Wrong at Xerox PARC
Computers for Cynics 3 - The Database Mess
Computers for Cynics 4 - The Dance of Apple and Microsoft
Computers for Cynics 5 - Hyperhistory
Computers for Cynics 6 - The Real Story of the World Wide Web
Computers for Cynics N - CLOSURE: Pay Attention to the Man Behind the

@_date: 2013-09-22 00:30:07
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [9] patterns and randomness 
there is a significant difference between evaluations that search for
recognizable patterns and structures based on relativistic pseudo-truth
versus empirical models of truth, removed of falsity.
in the former, a pattern match thus verifies pT=pT in some way that retains
the error rate as part of its structural assumption though likewise could
be considered true by default of the match. in this way the [sign] itself
becomes the truth, as if the pattern itself is true, an accurate model. it
is thus possible for an ungrounded viewpoint to be validated via pattern
recognition and *believe* in the legitimacy of the model because it is able
to locate and recognize and categorize patterns, validating the approach.
that it works confirms that what it is doing is true, as an assumption.
statistics and mathematical modeling often can validate this as forms of
'objective reasoning' that are themselves likewise ungrounded, as if an
approximate algorithm is by default removed of its estimations or need for
ambiguity and via binary 'reason' these inaccuracies can be denied and-or
discarded from questioning the approach itself, the error rate relied upon
and becoming structural to sustain the viewpoint, functioning as belief.
   [sign] = [sign]  equated with truth
the point is that the sign could be ungrounded, weakly or inaccurately
modeled, and thus a rounding error or observational bias is involved...
   [pT.sign] = [T.sign]  via pattern match
a quick way of saying it is that there is some unaccounted for subjectivity
involved (a=b) yet also ignored that presumes A=A is the evaluative result.
the issue appears to be that the [sign] itself is arbitrary to an extent,
and does not require investigation beyond its context in language for the
observation to be considered true- seemingly that a concept represented as
a sign effectively is equated with what it is meant to signify, therefore
it may not actually have external truth outside of the language system that
instead functions as if this truth. the pattern match is with the [sign]
that is the word, not what the word references, because the word can be
viewed as its truth. that would be a worst-case confusion, lack of rigor to
the point that this distinction is not being made, allowing the shallow or
weak correlations to exist. at the very least 'computers' could do this,
though likely many a person could likewise who does it think it through
further or allows ideological presumption to take hold of observation by
default of existing structures, without correcting for errors or ambiguity.
an empirical evaluation in contrast would secure the [sign] in relation to
truth firstly, thus when a pattern is match, this match does accurately
correlate with truth, the concept having been removed of known errors.
  [T.sign] = [T.sign]  via pattern match
although again it must be said this remains contingent and in a realm of
the grey area, within the middle N value (1-N-0) in either a 3-value or
N-value paradoxical evaluation, tending towards absolute truth yet bounded
by worldly limits to only allow a high percentage or reliability (nine
nines) and thus the binary 1/0 instead may function as a sliding scale, in
that it may be effectively '1' yet never absolute, always contingent and
always returning to a state of perpetual questioning, testing of hypotheses
against new evidence and additional structuring. thus a match is still not
'absolute truth' -- instead it is an extreme likelihood and highly weighted
toward truth, yet upon further investigation or data could be overturned as
an observation if the model is somehow flawed and thus error corrected. in
this way a failsafe exists in the observation allowing for correction,
whereas a binary model (either/or) would not be able to make this change
after having decided its state, or if it did it could break the entire
worldview whereas for a paradoxical weighted approach it seems much more
likely that a paradigm shift would rearrange or reconfigure the
perspective  and that it would be possible to do this within a malleable
framework that is capable of handling ambiguity, unknowing, multiple
hypotheses at once. and perhaps what this indicates is that a [sign] for
paradoxical pattern matching may exist in superposition, in various
different configurations by this probabilistic weighting, and only over
time resolve the overlapping or contrasting dynamics- which then would
indicate a field of its inquiry, versus a binary approach that would choose
one interpretation over another while discarding its validity within the
model, or so it is assumed.
and perhaps this last aspect of superposition is a new take on synthesis as
it relates to the paradox of theses and antitheses for a given [sign], that
logical reasoning mediates this condition via panoptic observation.
--- on turning ---
this is speculation though i have a strong intuitive sense that forcing a
binary ideological structure into a paradoxical condition would in turn
double everything that exists in that system, via the new codebase. (?!)
another way to say it is that the pT.1 of binary observers would exist in a
context of truth (T) of empirical observation and the removal of error will
destroy the ideological structure needed to maintain pT.1 as if absolute
truth, thus forcing it into recognition as a partial view, pseudo, while
incapacitating the false ideological structures that prop up the viewpoint,
such as invalid or false assumptions. in its minor state, pT.1 can no
longer determine shared truth in the larger empirical context, for others
and must submit to the larger interpretive framework and shared context,
insofar as it is valid and legitimate and removed of errors. In this way
the binary observer _must accept 'other truth' that accounts for the larger
totality of truth (T), that is pT.2, pT.3...pT.N, and thus everything that
is T minus pT.1, which could be this doubling of truth that must in turn be
mediated beyond the binary constraints. If the observer is unwilling or
unable to do this, they would be incapacitated in logical reasoning with
other observers insights as a shared model, to uphold an ideological POV.
yet if they accept it, their minor truth by comparison is limited in
controlling the interpretation and thus forces a compliance with truth that
in effect no longer allows the old presumptions and positions to be
retained. if this was a ploy, internal contradictions would likely be
noticeable or a fakeness in this process. It probably could not be very
well mimicked though if it were, could only last so long before tension
between competing views internal and external caused psychic collapse. it
is to say that without 'grounding' in truth, or its actual observation,
that 'going along with things' in a paradoxical framework without truly
believing in the process, recognizing truth in such a way, could be a self
destructive process if the person remained binarist, and this intolerable
conflicting position between logics could force submission due to madness
of having once all powerful observations instead become minimal at best in
a larger framework, if psychologically unable to see beyond the self's POV.
to try to defeat the larger truth the binarist would have to maintain two
versions of truth, while being able to externally reason in their biased
framework with others, or rely on false frameworks for their evaluations.
it should be readily evident and easy to discern this kind of deception
because binary rationalization would be the governing OS of the person,
even though they may say or indicate otherwise by following, mimicry.
--- questions on random ---
basic electronic circuit with reversed diode for noise. wondering if size
of diode has been correlated to noise patterns-- does a larger diode
generate more randomness. is there any boundary issue for randomness. it
would seem like there would be for linear algorithms versus parallel sets.
for instance, if it were analogous, imagine an aquarium is a smaller diode
and a swimming pool is a much larger diode. and the same effect is going to
be used in both to test for randomness of numbers. how would their output
be compared and evaluated in the same terms, and is it related in any way
to the size or boundary of the diode itself, as to randomness generated.
here is why it seems like it might. if dropping a rock into an aquarium
there would be a splash and waves would immediately start as the rock sinks
to the bottom and thus the boundary condition would influence how much this
outside interaction effects the inside equilibrium. in that higher waves
may form and multiple, if not causing a local splash, and the structure
inside the aquarium could be altered by rock entering its domain.
throwing the same rock into a swimming pool may not have similar effects at
the larger scale, it may sink further to the bottom yet not disrupt
anything else at that scale, and the waves it makes may be minor compared
with the smaller closed environment. whatever influence it may have on the
equilibrium would appear to be much less of a disruption or influence.
then consider throwing the same rock in the middle of the ocean which may
have large waves already and it may not sink for a long time compared to
the other two environments, and it may have negligible effect on wave
creation and may never effect the outer boundary, essentially 'infinity' in
comparison to the aquarium or swimming pool. and thus it may no discernible
effect on the structure that may exist or be considered random, even though
it may have some influence, because it is so infinitesimal.
in this way it is to ask if the 'bounds' or region of randomness may be
related to what is accessed or output as randomness, also in relation to
accessing this state externally or interacting with it, as an influence.
now perhaps this is not an accurate correlation, though i thought i read or
heard mention of various approaches to gleaning information from closed if
not blackbox systems via external diagnostic evaluations seemingly similar
in nature, where a signal may be injected into a realm and read back to
learn of its internal functioning, structure or timing that could be used
to gain access or subvert its operation.
and in my naive mind i relate that to throwing the rock into the bounded
environment and monitoring its trajectory, what is known about it, and
using this perhaps in a way like a random number generator.
if structure of randomness is discernible whatever that mystery is in the
box (aquarium, etc) is assumed to be bad for generating numbers because it
could be used to compromise the security of cryptographic algorithms.
and so if someone were to evaluate the water (numbers generated) and they
could somehow discern a bounded condition that forced patterns somehow,
that would compromise the number generation. or, what if a diode could have
an electromagnet placed next to it and align force fields somehow that
would change the structure of what is generated, yet this may not be
detectable on a circuit board or in an unseen encased or protected device.
and while this is foolish to consider from this naive perspective, without
any knowledge or likely inaccurate assumptions and faulty framework that
does not correlate with the issues -- it is to wonder still if it might
have something to do with a linear approach to this computation that is
requiring of 'no discernible structure' as an a priori constraint. for
instance, what if multiple bit sets queried the diode state for numbers
simultaneously and their interaction was randomized atop the diode return
values, or that these were mapped to 0-9 and not just 0/1 for numbers. or
what if it were possible to do this fast enough such that various sized
randomized numbers could be input into a running stream, such as 1 to 12
variables stitched on after another with concurrent randomness. or multiple
diodes in an array which could be queried both in serial and parallel and
return 'variable' output that may again randomly stream into a string (or a
bit string, if each output were to become a set in a running bit superset).
if someone could influence the operation of those devices, could they still
access the cryptographic secrets of the algorithms or could defenses exist
in the construction and access of randomness that separates these systems.
in a parallel approach why must structure be assume to be a default exploit
for knowing the computational structure if it is actually arbitrary and to
me in terms of bit sets and calculating multiple infinities, this is an
issue seemingly equivalent with the rock and the ocean. whatever local
structure that rock may encounter or microscopic wave does not indicate it
will be able to discern overall structure of the infinite boundary. you
could throw a million rocks in and it still may not have any compromising
effect on whatever detail or area or structure the computation resides in
in a temporal shifting structure that may or may not be 'on' or accessible
in a given interaction- and thus repeated targeting against randomness may
not reveal any greater insight into particular messaging in the infinity
context, or so it is proposed, if 'vertical' computation is involved.
this fool does not realize how foolish they are to consider such questions
so it is funny for me, to neither know nor care how ridiculous this is.
the ragged presumption then is that infinity calculations could function as
a type of 'mystery box' that computation and encryption occurs within and
that randomness is part of this, yet structure within randomness may not
indicate what is or what is not encrypted in that particular approach. it
would seemingly offer randomness, even if structure exists, because
whatever is accessed would be so minor compared to its interior boundary.
if you have multiple sets as a starting point and each has a potential for
infinite x infinite x infinite possibilities, that involves far greater
randomness than a string of binary digits made arbitrary. and it cannot be
easily accounted for by an algorithm, to decipher its meaning, if that is
indeed its basis for randomness because the algorithm could be random, as
with the output, within certain parameters. anything x anything + anything
to accessing the crypto code, and doing it repeatedly in real-time in an
ever changing array of numbers and autogenerated code, variables upon
variables. it would seem even an issue of forensics would be no good, as it
could be arbitrary, non-repeating and repeating structures that may or may
not be active or reappear again, themselves shifting or within structures
that open up or close or phase change. maybe a part of a structure is part
of number, touches upon it, and yet that is it. if it is a random would it
in any way indicate the structure it is related to or would it be arbitrary
and thus like looking for a skull in a sand dune based on a ridge that was
formed on one day and gone the next, yet not knowing where the skull is.
so while the serial approach seems to seek out noise, the parallel bit set
approach appears to exist within the noise as a default condition and may
involve a different realm of questions and new assumptions. processing
noise, ubiquitous noise, contextless needles. localized skews, uncorrected
shotglass scenarios.  potentially 1,000s of permutations of encrypting code

@_date: 2013-09-22 18:03:25
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [8] code observatory 
References:  <20130922223905.GP15094
are you the fuckhead who BSOD my computer
and took it down after my first cypherpunks post?
(if you are you better watch out- you're in trouble...)

@_date: 2013-09-24 00:39:46
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: feedback, re: [8] 
Paranoid, no. having personal experience of locked psychiatric wards and
snakeoil, i know the domain and this is not that. grounded observations
my independent research has been messed around with for a decade plus, this
includes heavy surveillance, now ubiquitous. several projects shut down or
sabotaged due to active, hostile yet "kids gloves" interference, given
ex. political agenda shuts power off to apartment to stop basic research
into new computing system, threatens destruction of tools (NAS) needed to
prototype AMS (Asperger Management System). message: "stop or equipment
will be fried!" NAS and router already backdoored, NAS ghosted from
beginning anyway, hive of activity, manufactured for sabotage. so have to
stop and move onto plan Z^n.
under siege for years. existence as if held hostage within illegal prison
of hidden dictator. unwanted truth, its uncanny ability to rattle
megastructures of power. ping the biased networks, learn its programmatic
malfunctioning. private group using constitution as shield to illegally
attack citizens, then wrongly expecting to be able to hide behind it for
their own defense, no such boundary.
mistakenly thought refraining from saying what was actually on my mind
would be keeping it ~classy on cypherpunks :L
that is: no advisement of will-writing, death sentences, deballing, cutting
tongues out, hanging by nutsack, fingers cut off, eyes gouged out-- nothing
about war, takedown of vital public equipment, nor role of legal state
though i wanted the perpetrators to realize the horror that awaits them.
perhaps too understated- i.e. they are cursed with extreme and increasingly
misfortune as a result of their actions. the error-rate will be going way
up for those involved. unbearable pressure. the nightmare of hostile
metaphysical code.
context for computer attack: under heavy noise assault for 19 months,
ranging from harassment and abuse to long periods of sustained noise
torture. water remotely turned down in shower, 70+ times. VOC toxic fume
attacks, bombs of laundry detergents and chemicals, deteriorating nervous
system, debilitating. those involved denying their actions, trying to frame
as crazy, force suicide. noisemaking devices in the walls, remote switches
to control water valves. internet-connected. apartment the bizarre context
of embassy psychological trickery. events directly connected to ruling
ideology, power politics.
my equipment thoroughly surveilled. multi-level honeypot, manufactured to
spy and to break. completely monitored. whomever subverted my system in PC
takedown due to active retaliatory censoring (against crypto-ideas) walked
into a trap. even while i cannot figure it out, it is indicated the
perpetrators are KNOWN.
this event oddly sequenced with local CIA matched reference, power outage
to apartment and immediately back on. a second power blip recurs in the
morning, coinciding with computer attack. seemingly signaling hidden
the computer attack- DOS shell occasionally appears and vanishes upperleft
upon login. disembodied close-window [x] checkbox sometimes appears
upperleft of screen, as if virus or trojan, along with lower right MS red
signage warning of unidentifiable security threat at time of kernel panic,
locking down windows in pause, cascading into BSOD shutdown. clean
installing OS, new BIOS, nothing stops it, as if occurring outside OS and
motherboard control. occurs after one hour, as if strategically deployed or
unlocked bug to sabotage computing system that cannot be repaired by
software or disk overwrites. so my equipment is ruined. it had bug exploits
before, though now it cannot be used at all as a research tool. this is
active hostile censorship. destruction of property.
imagine if this is what 'crypto' is allowing the state to do to its
citizens, by ideological design. circuit faults as failsafes to stop public
communications via subversion, oversight of an illegal dictatorial state
and its methods, using these 'secret weapons' against the constitution:
freedom of thought, ideas, free expression. now what if those at the NSA or
CYBERCOMMAND are attacking citizens not aligned with the ruling
exploitative political agenda- the state as enemy.
(important to distinguish the context for remote hostile actions localized,
the reliance on 'virtual power' and allowing such functioning, versus
~securing its basis in actual grounded power. also, dependence on masks and
hiding to get away with these exploits, cheating, stealing, subterfuge and
sabotage, etc.)
there is a definite aspect of aggression and bullying, to the point of
torture, and destruction of peoples' lives that has somehow been normalized
by detachment of the population from its representation within the state,
via short-circuits.
that is realism for me. sanity. and my perspective of these events. that
someone would write off-list at the exact moment i begin first attempts at
repair then triggered a thoroughly muted response, not getting into the
fact that people die for doing these things. it is not all virtual and
remote. it can be extremely close-up and involve brutal events and
unimaginable pain and anguish. yet these same mediocre oppressors seem not
to believe there is anything to fear anymore.
there, balanced the psychic equilibrium. thanks.

@_date: 2013-09-24 14:30:11
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: feedback (update), was [8] 
error-corrected text (re:ly), edited for privacy/formatting
  source code diagram, context of cryptologica
  {note}: begins @ arrow: (x,y) browser scroll of (80,-55)%
 ⚑ ⚑

@_date: 2013-09-25 18:00:55
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: sneakernet calculation 
For very high latency you could just use a global sneakernet.
quoted from that site:
"Cisco estimates that total internet traffic currently averages 167
terabits per second. FedEx has a fleet of 654 aircraft with a lift capacity
of 26.5 million pounds daily. A solid-state laptop drive weighs about 78
grams and can hold up to a terabyte.
"That means FedEx is capable of transferring 150 exabytes of data per day,
or 14 petabits per second—almost a hundred times the current throughput of
the internet."
i imagine most with mathematical instinct would think something
'real-world' is missing in this approximation, in that you could not
realistically use-up all FedEx resources for such a data sharing project
without likely taking down the system or being denied access- and thus
existing traffic and congestion are not included in this ideal naive model.
what would actually occur if you tried to use all FedEx shipping resources
on a single day, and then after considering that, doing so repeatedly day
after day. not only is I/O data transfer omitted (time needed to
access/store/exchange data between platforms), though also hardware
failures which, perhaps i am wrong- packet technology succeeds in
transferring via multiple attempts and thus the 'internet traffic' of 167
terabits could potentially includes delivery failures and successful
resends, and routing around congestion- whereas it is completely
unrealistic to assume you could decide to ship such material and use up all
"network" resources of FedEx without considering its tolerances for
additional bandwidth to cover this parallelism, and also limits of local
delivery or to various locations in an overnight scenario-- so delays would
likely be involved, and if any data on laptop drives were to fail it would
seemingly require reshipment to compare to the internet data transmission
approach. or not.
it is not to lose grasp of the notion, only to consider it in its depth,
and knowing what may feasibly and more actually occur in such a scenario
could provide a more accurate understanding of the limits of analogies
without corresponding matched dimensions. such that maybe it would not be
as efficient or as easy or even possible, as believed. though the simple
mathematical comparison makes it appear so. and most comparisons of this
nature often have similar 'modeling errors' where approximations function
in an ideological realm as a result, though likewise makes for interesting
considerations in considering where the gap is between what is said and
what exists as a situation.

@_date: 2013-09-25 19:32:06
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [cryptography] The Compromised Internet 
* data-loggers within dental work, synced via
   multiband x-rays (+ secret other, say tetrahertz),
   this much easier facilitated via digital equipment
   note: could be synced to infrastructure tagging
   or mapping networks via RFID-like send/receive
   and also monitor biological events of the person
 * the often interesting TV series "It Takes a Thief"
   with Robert Wagner had one episode of a fashion
   designer who (if remembering correctly) stitched a
   pattern into a new dress that was then photographed
   or it may have had something to do with a microdot,
   James Earl Jones was the designer in that episode
 * the possibility of food for data transmission related
   to eating certain Asian food and having a gland open
   on the roof of my mouth- seemingly a specific chemical
   and what could happen if that were related to triggering
   of various related socio-behavioral programming, etc.
 * the future possibility, given data transfer by touch, of
   data capsules or pills that are digested and relay code
   that is informational into accompanying cyborg implant,
   else also behavioral routines triggered by food or drugs,
   that of an informational domain (which in a context of
   medicine and the body could be very wide ranging).
   heck, what about non-lethal overtones of morse code
   onto pacemaker or other devices, as form of signaling
 * microphoned dinner tables to relay info to flower vase,
   also tapping out code onto surface for solitar diners
 * clothing design, again, if embedded systems for data
   relay, also with jewelry. seemingly it could be anything.
   different kinds of materials or stitching, fashion styles
   as communication systems, delineating networks and
   establishing standards, references, and protocols,
   hidden technology or encrypted 'data', non-electronic
   or to be mediated electronically- say thread that glows
   in black light only, one-time pad, person walks past
   special camera-trap to relay data w/out even knowing
 * genetics themselves, various data sets as langauge
   including categorization as a means of encrypting
   perspectives, setting boundaries within contingent
   modeling of pseudo-truth, thus thresholds/boundaries
   for what can be perceived from the inside and outside;
   as this relates to disease, health systems, insurance,
   death panels, hidden eugenics of targeted populations
 * infrastructure itself as pre-internet sensor network with
   capacity for secret communications, especially with the
   mystery networked sensor boxes logging mystery data.
   could trace chemicals in products to pattern match and
   refine facial recognition, retail pollution of industrial scent
   as perfumes (another potential communication system),
   deodorants, shampoos combined mark, assist tracking
 * vehicles themselves if carrying paired black-box tech
   with shared non-identifiable encryption formats, such
   that a drive-thru or drive-by could involve data exchange,
   as this could likewise potentially relate to modification
   of street lights, electronic gates, toll booths, traffic lights
   and potentially any form of electronic signage (as this
   also relates to NFC and RFID for tracking, signaling).
   thus vehicles as data loggers and data carriers which
   may or may not involve drivers knowledge. if so, covert
   data exchange could seemingly exist outside of known
   encryption formats as a strengthening of security by the
   obscurity (akin to inventing secret, private language)
   whereas known algorithms could indicate, compromise
   systems via existing standards ("this is secret data!")
 * issue of black market and courier services, in some
   sense transfer of weapons and illegal drugs assumes
   an extreme form of privacy, security, and secrecy such
   that a small amount of opium could be couriered to a
   US resident and paid for by "anonymous" money, and
   in some sense similar to being ~encrypted, assuming
   or betting against disclosure of surveilling of packaging
   by companies, or of data inside encrypted archives
   thus like betting on the odds of the long-game
* then there is peer-to-peer signaling in itself, public and-
  or private, one to one or one to many or relay or delayed
  via written, oral, sound-based, food, fashion, or other
  communication -- of the realm of symbolic language
  where something stands-in for something-else or
  'shared meaning' can be effectively communicated
  yet exist beyond the boundary of others perception;
  a shared framework of "truth" (whether true or not) is
  required as a protocol to match up shared dimensions;
  overt is hand gestures, hand signals, body movements,
  postures, poses, facial expressions, as language
* i tend to think there is potential for any language-based
  interaction to involve signaling that is observed differently
  by others, based on their relation to the event or reading
  of it- for instance, juggling. it is a pattern-based activity
  that has known and identifiable sequences that can be
  a way of communicating (by those so skilled) or could
  involve use of color or number or other dynamics to
  signal or secretly message another who operates or
  understands the same 'cipher system'. LED equipment
  that can be programmed, or even IR or UV that may not
  appear activated yet could be photographed or video'd
  in those frequencies could then reveal a data stream,
  or potentially involve persistence of vision or even a
  data-burst relayed or captured by camera or cellphone
* anything, like RC planes or models driving down a street
  and triggering a data exchange, with vehicle house router
  house monitoring system, infrastructure, as a potential;
* maybe reconsider Grandma's framed needlepoint sometime
  or the role of collectibles or the anthro- and archaeological
  involved in antiques as potential forms of secret data exchange,
  in that that period furniture or rare object may signify something
  to someone and trigger a meaningful relational exchange that
  could, in certain instance, function and establish a data network
  and allow hidden communication and conscious to exist, persist
  and in this way- aesthetic probably trumps all things electronic
  in terms of the bandwidth involved in pure sensory experience,
  thought, knowledge, shared consciousness, and secret views
  that to the outsider may exist as encrypted, beyond awareness
  and understanding or even value, even while it could be primary
  (basis for shared awareness, decision making, action for others)

@_date: 2013-09-25 20:03:23
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [cryptography] The Compromised Internet (2) 
forgot to mention as referenced, the role of music as a form of
 cultural communication with potentially secret dimensions
 this whether classical, with entire societies networked around
 a given aesthetic hub or node, else within traditions themselves
 of various society's and the institutions these can become or the
 universalization of rock & roll music and the 'rock concert' as a
 seeming height of 20th century western popular culture, tied into
 mass media and media archives and vast shared communication,
 to include role of drug culture and consciousness and politics,
 including counterculture agenda, and role of trends and fashion
 that align with this as a form of monocultural megadevelopment
 who knows, perhaps those strobe and laser light displays are
 outputting more data, or a guitar solo is a data transmission
 on some other level, as carrier wave for hidden signaling. it
 seems for deadheads, for instance, acid may open up their
 experience of the music that otherwise may be intolerable
 and likewise maybe there are lissajous figures spinning in
 skulls as the result of entrainment of populations via these
 mind and brain-washing techniques of neurology brought
 into the context of mass music and its technical devices,
 so to program populations without their even knowing it.
 in this way 'communications science and engineering'
 may have more to do with signaling in music or as a
 means for programming behavior, than the music itself,
 if taken in a covert context. add sex, drugs, popularity
 and money and group-behavior and you got a platform
 to exploit and run against others in their own channels,
 (though it could tend towards baseness, bottom feeding
 and constitute a dumb-system by comparison to others)
 speculation of course. just like that wireless speaker is
 in no way connected to a retail dual-use spying agenda

@_date: 2013-09-25 22:40:02
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: The Unbreakable Cipher 
References:  this viewpoint would appear validated within a certain limited framwork
 of observation, whereas different 'physics' could apply beyond its pov...
 NSA Technical Journal published "The Unbreakable Cipher" in Spring 1961.
 perhaps this is mathematically proven or a truism (cannot be falsified)
 though it would seem this is a statement based on certain existing
 approaches, potentially. or methods or equations that may work
 in particular domains- yet perhaps not all, if somehow dynamics
 changed from ordered to chaotic systems, noise instead of signals
 the comparison could be to [nature] itself as a mysterious code
 and what is accessible and known, within particular limited views
 and understanding, versus all that exists, perceived or hidden
 the threshold that is beyond observation may not appear in traffic
 analysis if it is not accounted for in a given structuring of data
 or comprehendable. there may be more to it that existing models
 or embodied awareness, as with vision and other animals eyes
 and frequencies, as this relates to territory and interfunctionality,
 say UV and insects as it relates to pollination, humans cannot
 see directly yet cameras can begin to, yet what if like Flatland
 there are vast amounts of higher dimensionality near & far away
 or adjacent and invisible that are not found in existing equations
 else cannot be computed in the frameworks, ideological science
 & metaphysics one example, Isaac Newton the Alchemist
 the requirement may be that the cipher needs to be serial
 or linear to satisfy the given viewpoint, versus non-linear
 guessing- perhaps such "cryptanalytic correlation" is based on
 assumption about order within defined and controlled systems
 generated by algorithms in a particular way- and thus correlation
 leads to a cause, verification/validation of a 'known rationalization'
 or meaningful structure that can be deciphered out of the chaos
 assumption of a correct and single answer, removed of ambiguity
 vs. nonlinear, many potential answers, more labyrinth, cipher as
 treasure hunt leading into multiple mazes, linked or parallel yet
 arbitrary puzzles, and Rube Goldberg contraptions which could
 alter the context itself, change code, via attempts to access it
 linearly so, that seems likely in that order would be revealed
 in what might be called the equationspace, whatever context
 or 'universe' the approaches define, yet which may be finite
 and bounded, and thus lack other existing dimensionality
 nonlinear, more (autogenerated) information does not inherently
 lead to a single "correct" ordering or perspective, it could be a
 false pov or trap yet fulfill criteria of rationalization into some
 known equation ("yes- here is the 'real' encrypted message"')
 in the sense that a [sign] references itself for proof, versus
 another event, thus a false a=a resolving an equation could
 be a spoof and lead away from the actual temporary path
 the secret data could feasibly be infront of an observer who
 is limited in their view and framework and thus cannot see it
 due to snap-to-fit equation mentality, conceptually limited,
 perceptually, if not out if not their depth philosophically as
 the idea itself that generates the code may be unthinkable
 or unimaginable in a less-accurate framework or model
 thus, much public crypto could function as [signage] that
 is equated with secrets: (the hidden data is here!), and in
 this way could be two-dimensional as in Flatland POVs,
 that cannot understand higher dimensionality beyond its
 physical limits of perception- and thus brain functioning,
 sensory capacity, natural networking (esp,astral, remote
 viewing) may differ observer to observer as consciousness
 shared and unshared- planes of existence and operation
 so what if nonlinear cipher systems or multilinear do not
 have these same 2D properties and instead invert the
 principles involved, such that finding structure or order
 is not inherently good, nor 'answers' or resolution as it
 does not prove anything, if not knowing the context or
 frame for data, one answer over another in another view
 not if multiple bit set, or bit strings. what is recognizable as pattern
 may exist as noise and what appears noise may be the signal,
 pseudo-truth pattern matching leads further & further into falsity
 or, a protected boundary or ruse that further encrypts into
 other frameworks upon inspection, correlation, interference
 thus Schrodinger paradox and observation, though to include
 quantum correlation changes the context (other physics) and
 'the cat' could be entangled with another cat before being put
 in box and thus its state could indicate dead/alive cat, etc.
 so what if non-linear ciphers were entangled and yet this
 functioned in a realm of arbitrary keys or resonant key sets
 that suddenly tune in or out of connectivity within a context,
 versus must be hardcoded into it as static unchanging data
 not true for nonlinear bit sets as they could auto-expand
 into universe upon universe of data correlations, bounded
 infinities or unbounded finite realms, whereas the serial
 approach appears much more of a bounded finite realm
 exponential meaning for set combinations as equations
 that open into vast interior realms of potential scrambled
 data- anything cold be ordering the interior, recognizable
 or not-- N-equations, singularly or stacked, equations
 never before shared- that level of obscurity- anything.
 not sure i understand this in its practice or application, though
 what if a key cannot be differentiated from the cryptogram or is
 somehow not separated or structurally defined in existing rules
 for hardware/software crypto. for instance, what if entanglement
 unlocks interpretation via perception or alters some context.
 what if a device is so enigmatic it could contain an upper boundary
 of keyspace and cipherspace and equationspace such that it can
 be reused indefinitely or many times without figuring out its solution
 because it increasingly moves to 'many' versus a single solution,
 and may not structurally relate to other previous uses/exchange
 or protocols (in this way the person as observer and randomness)
 what if traffic analysis is 2D in an N-dimensional framework and
 thus many keys and similar cipherspace is an attribute and at
 some tipping point or threshold a computational or conceptual
 limit is reached, which is defined by a limited rationalization or
 this is seeded by accurate and-or false data to false correlate
 and entangle systems, virtual and real, to exploit via minotaurs
[Answer to the question:] "Does there exist an unbreakable cipher"
 this could be a question of observation and the existing boundary.
 an omniscient observer could likely know anything encrypted just
 by tapping optic nerve or brain, pre-encryption. yet if not truly or
 fully accurate in modeling, could make presumptions and limit
 this power of interpretation to a smaller framework than what
 actually exists (pT vs. T) and thus that limit may equate what
 is believed observed with absolute truth (pT=pT as TRUTH),
 and thus the hidden communications or cipher system may
 exist in that gap or realm of error- to begin with, as security
 that is based within accurate observance/sharing of truth,
 even while in a more finite state, than a falsely omniscient
 observer who relies on error for POV (skew/distortion/warping)
 and thus their logical reasoning may establish the boundary
 which a person of less capacity for all-pervasive oversight
 may still communicate beyond via channels of unobserved
 or unrecognized truth, validated in 1=1 or A=A or T=T views
 grounded in shared empirical framework, outside perception
 or understanding of the tyrant.
 the neuro-signaling could be broken, the encryption broken
 in algorithmic code, the traffic correlated- and yet if these
 are not accurately interpreted or cannot be, or do not or
 cannot accurately correlate to the reality, then reading
 of the cipher -- that which is broken -- could be reading of
 [the signs] associated with the cipher in a given particular
 rationalization or ideological view that can still be incorrect
 and data exchange could occur outside of this viewpoint;
 thus the phrenological aspect of inaccurate modeling in
 that it could be limited or bounded to finite dimensionality
 whereas the actual cipher could exist outside of that
 like neuroscience trying to determine what ideas are
 by placing them on a neural map, versus the concepts
 as circuits, constellations, related to this data, in truth
 truth is the unbreakable cipher
 there is no greater security
 lies are full of flaws and errors by comparison, self-defeating
 how effective is secret intel if it is blanketing the news cycle
 as endless global megastorm, global secrecy meltdown
 it could be ideological-- that the 'secret' is created and held
 within a given domain versus existing outside of it as information
 and in a state of nature or other pre-existing data and frames
 as if the role of security is to break things so they can be secure,
 a methodology that ultimately undermines development, reflected
 in planned obsolence as self-destruction, cannibalization of the state
 what if security meant protecting truth, and secrecy dealing with
 thresholds and boundaries; what if the protocols and assumptions
 and methodologies are conceptually flawed, wrong, in error, and
 their implementation and sustenance is the lifeblood of tyranny,
 in that maldevelopment is required as a result of wrong-ideas
 and wrong-thinking, standardized, institutionalized, copied,
 networked, and then becoming security state religion while
 heretics are pursued as citizen terrorists, givers of feedback
 in such a doomsday, truth is the enemy, so that would mean
 the inner realm of the secrecy and security and privacy realm
 is to protect lies and liars and deceivers, the core of the falsity
 ☆

@_date: 2013-09-25 23:29:07
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: The Unbreakable Cipher (2) 
no- not for a multilinear/nonlinear bit set approach. voluminous data
 and not censoring throughput (given ability to correlate elsewhere, delayed
 or real-time; thus store+forward)  and allowing inaccurate modeling of data
 via ideological rationalizations turns that limited analysis back against
 as truth is secure, folding the framework via collapsing pseudo-truth and
 recontextualizing the shared situation, establishing new zones of
 and unmapped boundaries that do not coherently correlate within existing
 models of analysis, instead breaking them. versus propping them up via
 following their rules and dictates that seek to limit and censor
 as a basis for secrets or sustaining false-perspectives, seemingly often
 self-preservation of legacy systems versus allowing collapse, deterioration
 or loss of control over what occurs- freedom in relation to governance
 its constriction, choking what can happen, to keep it finite, bound, gagged
 hypothetical, the massive influx of data (in truth) that is wrongly
 (as pT) via limited observer established zone of secure interaction by
 of its own false framework and incapacity to account for what does not
 in its categorization- any move toward accommodation is ideological
 and falsifies belief system. it is to overwhelm with data that cannot be
 in the false framework and its ungrounded evaluation undermines the
 inaccurate view because it yields less and less in the limited perspective.
 flooding the corrupt oversight with what amounts to pseudo-truth, allowing
 any and all correlations to fever circuits- it breaks the rationalization
 by forcing decision-making that tends towards falsity, as it is ungrounded
 and the more it decides, the more it persists and expands itself in error.
 transparency in truth, a shared domain, remains a secret and a secure
 realm insofar as it cannot be accessed, perceived, or altered in the
 dimensions it exists- seemingly only censored, stopped, or attacked
 which forces polarization, ramps up potential dynamics, and creates
 conditions for extreme actions that can force or break hidden systems
 via operating beyond their known boundary or losing stealth advantage
 in some ways it may be like reverse radar, what they see is the entire
 radar field as the signal, potentially, unable to distinguish its value or
 meaning or interpret what is happening in vast many different frames
 simultaneously, keying in and out, leading to massa confusa...
 (perhaps equivalent to big bang inflation of a paralleled universe)
 ♃ ♃

@_date: 2013-09-26 04:34:43
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: The Unbreakable Cipher (2) 
perfect. thank you
 (though assumption was more like MMORPG as
 distributed parallel network keying same space
 from many unique vantages, where environment*
 is of different structures and conceptualizations
 and parts do not necessarily align into a clear
 'whole' view, including if many-many exchanges
 function beyond limits of model or framework)
 i think i grasp a fundamental concept of crypto
 that relates size of message (message length)
 with design of algorithmic structure needed to
 successfully embed or hide the message else
 hidden order may be easily visible/discovered
 i still contend this is different for set theory and
 models of noise - yet assume equations in that
 space could function differently and could have
 other design requirements or crypto principles
 perhaps more shallow if hiding in massive noise
 or equations to nest data in higher-dimensional
 matrices or at various levels, presumably unlike
 what appears a more static, confined construct
 of linear equationspace and its requirements
 in that 'keys' could function differently in bit set
 approach though perhaps rekeying is universal
 as a security principle yet potentially flawed if
 it could reveal a particular structure leading
 to its compromise whereas reusing an 'infinity
 key' (regenerating keys or using same key in
 new instantiations, accessing different arbitrary
 structure as keychain multitool) may function
 in a different context than existing approaches,
 in some way- which relates to the dataspace;
 such that perhaps the key itself is noisy or
 indeterminate as to what exactly the key is
 though this speculation could all be false.
 *(though of cipher environment presumed 'outside'
  the capacity of computers to process, rationalize
  accurately, thus not contained in electronic boxes;
  thus beyond modeled computer space, infinitely so)

@_date: 2013-09-26 13:32:56
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: sneakernet calculation 
References:  <20130926155039.GE10405
 interesting... (seems related to direct crypto messaging rather than
 encoding audiovisual file types and transport encryption issues) and
 thus: a billion people who want to exchange digital text files (~1 kB).
 in a FedEx approach to transport of physical media, this is assumed
 to involve 1 billion separate "harddrives" or other disks for digital files
 that are going to move from one location or user to another, elsewhere
 so a billion 'packets' that need to be packaged in FedEx folders, have
 addressing and routing information attached, though firstly removed
 from equipment and then lastly reinstalled in other remote equipment
 to complete the data exchange.
 could a billion people feasibly call FedEx up today and go through
 this process of taking drives out, etc., and have the packages arrive
 ("today" in analogous terms, though 'next-day' is the gimme here)
 where the delivery is successful, no hardware failures that require
 automatic resends- likely instantaneous for packet-switch though
 for courier this could be a week span or more, to figure issues out.
 so out of the blue, a billion packets injected into the delivery stream
 of FedEx to arrive same-day or next-day, successful, to another
 billion addresses else some large majority (some packages go
 to the same address etc. and congestion/traffic issues with that,
 in that there may be a limit to what local resources are available).
 i would assume -no- this could not occur without denial of service
 or delay within routing or existing delivery schedules, and likely is
 beyond the daily tolerance level within the given bandwidth available,
 and to do this day after day would crash the FedEx delivery system
 perhaps because it is not designed or capable for 'data' delivery in
 the sense it may be unique from 'material' delivery of physical stuff
 versus used as a communication system for relaying messages
 (understandably this correlates with list messaging likewise)

@_date: 2013-09-26 19:40:16
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: South Park NSA 
Original Air Date: 09.25.2013  (two sets of commercials for web access)
Cartman infiltrates the NSA and doesn’t like what he finds in his personal

@_date: 2013-09-27 22:16:20
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [paraCrypto] re: surreality 
fascinating Tomas, well said and it captures what is hard to describe
otherwise in its wide-ranging dynamics, co-existing with yet seemingly
outside of existing crypto conceptualization in terms of hardware and
software systems. i was thinking of a future cryptographic exchange system
in terms of a MMORPG though your ideas made me reconsider the present in
this framework which provides an interesting corollaries in terms of a more
realistic context for cryptology in its known metaphysical dynamics -- the
possibilities of advanced technologies that can read brain waves or tap
optic nerves and how these figure into realistic questions of securing and
transmitting data.
in this sense, the world could be viewed in terms of a game, as you state,
and of a game-master which could define a security situation for those
inside. this environment could be considered a 'world' then, with the
game-master having god status or root access, whereas the chmod settings of
various players or other hierarchical access could limit or allow access to
game data and control over its environment. seemingly, those most aligned
with the game-master (and their god-status) could have more priveleges or
support the game framework, while others may seek to function beyond it yet
remain trapped inside, where the rules are too limiting to change the
rigged outcome.
consider then 'cryptographic tools' in such a closed environment, where the
game-master has total control over the crypto and can read anything
encrypted though this is not known to other players or is assumed benign,
whereby omniscient-like awareness exists or is even shared by a certain
group within the game which could benefit from the secrets supposedly
hidden within the crypto, while other less connected players may naively
assume there is security and secrecy and be taken down as a result of this.
in that, perhaps the 'god' is fake and has a selfish or cruel and has an
evil agenda and is trying to destroy those not aligned with their (truly
hidden) agenda, because it is out of the boundary of available or allowed
perception. and thus people in the game could be cultivated into a realm of
stupidity, illiteracy, and ignorance by the game-master while those aligned
with this ideology would benefit the most and function against other
players, perhaps with the goal of killing all of them off so to win the
game, and world.
the big tell or discovery would be that the 'game-master' who has
god-status is not allied with truth, and instead bases all their power on
manipulations via lies and cheating and corrupting events and causing pain,
injury, and suffering to gain control and guide things for the worse, for
the human players. and thus when challenged, this agenda becomes clear in
ignoring truth, dismantling systems of accounting and feedback, and
replacing it with an ideology behavior-based belief system that is onesided
to a partial viewpoint that serves the devolved condition as if ideal. thus
"god" in this scenario would be functioning against higher truth, and
whatever truth would function in this domain would defer to 'lower truth'
or partial truth of the ideology of the game-master and cohorts.
'official crypto' then, saying it is to serve and protect freedom could
instead be meant to prevent and exploit it for a hidden agenda functioning
against populations, only to benefit the group aligned with the
game-master, and there could be a 'religious basis' in that 'true belief'
or assumption of correctness could equate with absolute truth (T), even
while the partial views could tend towards total falsity when accounted for
beyond the warped framework (pT=>0). and thus reasoning would not be
possible because 'truth' would be denied by binary onesidedness and a
correct view chosen based on hierarchical privilege, which could rule
institutions and society within the game.
what para-crypto potentially defines or suggests is that 'other crypto'
could exist beyond the logical or observational boundary of the game-master
and minions, such that data could be transferred between humans both
in-world and beyond the game-world barrier, without being subverted by
'game-master' designed cryptographic systems which are inherently corrupted
and a victim of 'partial omniscient' which serves itself as its goal, and
thus 'validated truth' must benefit the game-master or else it is wrong,
false, and threatens control over unified perception of what amounts to
evil dictatorial control over the shared ~game environment.
[note: this fits very well with a view of the earth being taken over and
exploited by a private, limited, evil agenda, whereby the leader assumes a
position of 'god' yet whose omniscience is limited only to the game-world
under their control. much like the devil masquerading as god yet not
recognizing or allowing truth beyond their own pov.]
for me this could be interpreted in either traditional terms of theology,
where it has relevance, as it relates to geopolitics and security and
secret agendas today, even, though further- it could involve issues of
simulation atop this, whereby a Matrix-like environment could exist, and
the game-master could have computational control over events in this world
and thus also have omniscient awareness - yet which is biased and
self-serving, warped by a twisted agenda which seeks to subvert human
development, etc.
either way- omniscience and cryptography should be the default scenario for
considering issues of security, secrecy, privacy, and rights today.
anything else is just using a corrupted framework that is essentially
'anti' by default of ignoring such a complex, SCIFI environment in terms of
advanced technology and tools available and how data and ideas are
functioning in an electromagnetic (and beyond) realm, which remains
unaccounted for in the society, within education, and peer communications.
thus illiteracy.
for instance, it could be metaphysics of higher dimensionality that the
game-master is allowed to access 'thoughts' before encrypting them, and
then alter tools to access anything that is encrypted. how do you deal with
secret communication in a context like this?  the only security or secrecy
seemingly possible would be that which is outside the threshold of
observation for the game-master and in-game spies who are monitoring
everything. and thus, their ideology is the programming and contains errors
and corrupt code that creates a gap or distance between what is real and
actual (truth) and what they believe exists, (partial truth).
   pT <={x}=> T
if some observers observation of truth is bounded and more limited than
another, even if operating in higher dimensionality, say 'aliens' are
game-master minions, (obs.1), it is still possible for humans of lower
status (obs.2) in the game-world hierarchy to observe and function within a
truth that is beyond their awareness or observance, including the 'false
god' of the game, who seeks to control and limit this interpretation of
truth to only a particular version of truth, reliant on skew, bias,
warping, distortion, normalizing this.
  0 ---> pT.1 ---> pT.2 ---> 1                         such that,
  0 <--- 'god' <--- pT.1 <---> pT.2 ==> 1
and this could become a context of the human and antihuman agenda, as it
relates to truth...
  0 <--- 'fake-god' <--- antihumans <---> humans ---> 1
in this way, commercial and retail cryptography that is subverted and used
against constitutional rights and freedoms via the corrupted state could,
in its subversion, be used for the power politics and game-management of
the game-master (or dictator) whose partial and finite truth, unchecked
relativism, would tend towards zero or nothingness, death and shared 'false
consciousness' as it relates to an ideological framework that becomes the
common state structure and basis for relation. and humans could be confused
into serving this agenda, or have their data pilfered by surveillance, to
support and extend it via its exploitation. whereas humans may seek to
serve truth (1) and in doing so, life and all that is true in its integrity
and purpose, and yet attempting to communicate securely or convey truth
beyond the allowed boundary, could make these individuals or groups into
the enemy of the existing environment. off-the-shelf crypto use could tend
towards zero and not one, by default of its hidden agenda, and could
support the tyranny over the population rather than its liberation. note:
the human context for omniscience would be knowing all that is true in its
empirical wholeness, and thus absolute knowing (1), which would involve
access to all events and all sensors and circuitry, including spiders eyes
and birds ears. not just technology and not lacking in understanding of its
truth -- whereas the false-god would be in error in their interpretation
due to not having observation grounded in absolute truth for their biased
in a doubled condition then, with backdoors yet perhaps secret hidden
'other code', the same crypto product could co-exist at either end of this
entire range, that which has the compromised code sending pilfered
encrypted information onward to the dictator and crew ("these are the
secrets!") whereas other code could exist beyond or outside this boundary
at the same time, and not be compromised and thus remain hidden or secret
and in service to shared, higher truth.
the lack of logical accounting for truth then would have that kind of
crypto tending towards falsity (0) in terms of its groundedness, as
accurate empirical observation and instead could be feeding a false
perspective or viewpoint or sustaining a 'virtual world' for the dictator
to believe they are actually in charge and not being gamed. whereas a
shared observance of empirical truth, error-corrected- removed of bias,
warping, skew, distortion, would enable grounded circuitry between people
and nature, even while trapped within a game world that could be
functioning against them and their existence.
in such a way, 'crypto' as an idea would be important to review for its
substance in terms of logic and its accounting in truth or reliance on
partial truth and thus the errors that allow falsity to become a foundation
and structure for relations and shared interactions, including those most
secret, private, or in need of protection against enemies.
human cryptographic products that function beyond the observational and
reasoning limits of the game-master ('god'-status and pT.1) in a realm of
greater truth (towards 1) then are afforded their first security by being
hidden by the boundary or threshold that cannot be observed by those unable
to consider the parameters of reality it exists within; such as paradox
that is 'undecided' and does not allow forced bias to attain "absolute
truth" which is a false view and actually tends towards absolute falsity
the more and more it is relied upon in error, especially empirically, as a
total shared viewpoint. in this way, at some point, 3-value and N-value
logic and truth observed based upon this framework of logical reasoning
then establishes a common basis for shared observation, an empirical
perspective of 'many into one', leveraging panoptics and removing the
errors by 'bugs and eyeballs' potential, the core methodology required to
ground views of a shared human identity into a coherent, accurate,
multifaceted awareness.
thus [human identity] as a set tends towards a certain kind of
consciousness if it is grounded in truth (1) and reasons towards it,
whereas those who do not do this (antihumans) have a different
consciousness and purpose, which relies upon and serves falsity (0) in
terms of the absolute context, beyond the game-world itself. in that it
could be a simulation of earth or earth itself, and while it or certain
dimensions of existence could be under such hostile control - there
evidence that certain truth is not allowed or is denied establishes that
threshold where truth is unshared, people are unlike one another, and serve
different agendas. and thus what is natural and known for humans may not be
conceptualized or comprehended the same by outside observers of a mindset
that favors a given interpretation that may be flawed or distorted, and in
forcing data and observation into that framework, creates an ideological
boundary, an inside framework that humans are outside of. much like
computer systems today that serve an agenda apart from human development,
people serving machines and base motivations of exploitation and
enslavement. assuming that many believe this is the shared and correct
framework, and the issue of compliance is the 'error-checking' routine, a
false relation could be established and yet in its differance, allow a
secondary or parallel realm of interaction, the unstated interconnectivity
of humans, to exist yet beyond the known threshold, as voiced or actively
sensed in game-god parameters.
it is all about signs, eventually, identity and language and perception as
these ground to truth via logic, or exist in an ungrounded unstable
condition, which is where the animal training aspect of society develops
around dictators, forcing compliance via pain and brutality, as a way of
having power determine what is true, or 'highest truth' (0).
as you mention, chaos and magic, and this could coexist in both realms as
well, as metaphysical code. hidden hand interactions. accidents, good
fortune, injury. death. and thus 'code' and 'programming' and 'crypto'
exist in this context and likewise could serve forces of evil (0) where
shared lies function as if universal truth, or be aligned with truth (1).
and this dualism could be institutionalized, much like da Vinci Code
dark/light dynamics at every turn as the forces move out of balance and
return to equilibrium..
so the binary logic, in its onesidedness and ungrounded error-reliant
ideological state, is essentially a broken cypher system, in that both as a
concept and idea it is flawed and even false in modeling events accurately
in that too-simple and too-easy framework. the crypto reliant upon its is
weak because the ideas they are built upon are weak, not only weak- they
are corrupt. false assumptions, error-reliant, and function in a realm of
'true belief' detached from external accounting, even beyond
falsifiability. this is not only 'bad security' or a realm of false secrets
(in more ways than backdooring equipment- the ideas are backdoored!) -- it
is unreal, a false perspective as 'shared reality'. that is what the
game-master cannot acknowledge because it is the worldview of their control
over their minions and 'reasoning' needed to sustain their stolen world
so it is proposed that use of 3-value and N-value logic by default
functions beyond the capacity of these people to correlate into their
antihuman observational framework and modeling because it does not parse
into the binary warped self-serving ideological agenda and instead appears
reinforcing the binary belief and shared observation, fragments it and
destabilizes it and continually recenters via non-compliance to the 'finite
reasoning' of the false POV.
in this way, what occurs in these extra-dimensional realms as observation
could inherently remain hidden or secret or have some level of security in
that it cannot be easily accessed or understood as it exists, beyond the
ideological framework and its formatting of meaning to fit into its
partial, constrained viewpoint of events. and thus 'crypto' could exist in
this condition, in which there is a gap in observation or a boundary or
threshold condition, which cannot be accurately accounted for in the given
the big issue of 'understandability' and its untethering from false- and
controlling- limitations and constraint (thus issue of freedom) then allows
"ideas" and truth to exist beyond the realm of the false viewpoint
controlled by the game-master slash false-god and their minions who enforce
and extend and develop the status quo.
so here is the next aspect you introduce- the computer... what if the world
either was a simulation and run by a computer that enabled a partial yet
flawed omniscience so that god-status had an uncanny ability to surveil
those in-game, or that the game-master relied upon a computer for
surveillance of humans to manage the game world and retain control over
populations by being able to predict or control events, say having the
ability to shape peoples destiny, having the power to manipulate time &
space, etc. this is right out of Lewis Mumford Myth of the Machine, of a
godless computer at the heart of the MEGAMACHINE, the state as an automated
feedback-based machine that is set against human values and ultimately
functioning against humanity. and guess what its greatest weakness is-- it
is all binary!  thus entire classes of people who are in service to the
machinery, taking on its values, serving its pseudo-truth (tending towards
0) and "believing" that things really are absolute yes/no for each & every
observation. how absolutely fucking insane and - insanely stupid.
unthinkably stupid. impossibly ignorant. it simply must be a setup, a
conspiracy. it is fundamentally unnatural.
and yet the computer may have space-time and omniscience to a degree of the
binary ideologist and could blacklist or control events and disenfranchise
entire peoples and enslave humanity all the while nothing discussing this
because it is beyond the boundary of communication for these events --
electromagnetism is not even in a historical context within scholarship of
technological or social events (the last 300 years of electrification
even), to provide observational grounding for these 'digital' ideological
events. instead they are just believed wholesale by the populations - as
the NEW RELIGION brought about be technocrats with a hidden agenda.
crypto-politics, yet backdoored from the beginning, where: pT(T), such that:
   0 <--- pT (T-->1)       whereby
   1 (0 <--- pT (T))
if you consider 'infinity' in this bounded context: partial-truth (infinite
truth), then something is seeking to limit the limitlessness and that is
how it gains its power, much like a hydro-event where pressure from a
waterfall is harnessed via turbines that are forced to rotate and do work
and this 'natural energy' can provide power. in this way:
  antihuman (humanity)
yet this is a subset(set) relation, upside-down, and essentially equates
with: 0(1)
and thus in terms of dueling logics, whether machine or human- or
  binary (N-value)      or        2-value (3-value)         ∨
2-value (N-value)
the important thing to distinguish in terms of 'reality' of this modeling
is that both sets have '1' for a value, such that everything modeled as
'true' would relate to 1-value which is 'truth', though for binary this is
the only choice and it is assumed ABSOLUTE, via ideology. it is a
precondition for the worldview. and nothing is this simple, to start with.
it is to theorize truth from the first to the last calculation and never
question or suspend judgement-- everything must be aligned with a
deterministic evaluation of absolute truth that is detached from actual
accounting in truth, via logic that corrects for errors --or-- can be
falsified. this cannot be. it is tautology taken to the extreme: dictating
a normalized condition then is:  false-truth (truth), or false-truth
(N-observations), which then must be aligned with its structures and
frameworks- as with crypto equipment and its mathematics that may likewise
be 'faith-based' in terms of trust systems, and thus tend towards falsity
by default of their incapacity to account for greater truth beyond the
observational limits established and sustained in their relation. which is
why enforced illiteracy is so important to this 'covert' takeover or global
terror coup. it secures the false view, within the false dynamics, and
everything relies upon strengthening and propping up the false system and
prioritizing its values and functioning. truth is the enemy here, it should
be obvious. any error correction or feedback that threatens the goals and
agenda and self-serving viewpoint of the populism (vote) it involves. and
it is ~feeling based, as belief, if it feels bad it is wrong. wrong
thoughts and bad thoughts that hurt these idiots, make them feel unsafe,
less powerful, privileged or superior.
it relates also to supercomputing and the Deep Blue chess match is of this
paradigmatic change in relations between limits of 'human reasoning' and
that of computational machines, especially binary-based AI. the
supercomputer or even networked supercomputers have speed of thought and
action, and accuracy and depth, to call upon, well beyond the capacity of
any encyclopedic human. i have never related to chess in its game play, due
to my own processing limits, though understand the rules of the game. so i
tried out a computer chess game and was immediately beaten again and again
by what amounts to very low computer processing power, what amounts to a
microchip or microcontroller with game instructions versus peak performance
of global computing capacity. and what it indicated to me, loss after loss,
is that the game is solved at its expert level and if it was feasible or
possible, a chess computer could take a game and be a million moves ahead,
potentially, than a individual's 5 moves or 50 moves. and it could probably
calculate these in the same amount of time, though perhaps far more, in the
realm of trillions of calculations as a start, by comparison to a human
    individual <---> individual
    machine <---> individual
    machine <---> machine
so people still play chess against one another, as they may also send
crypto messages sans software/hardware equipment. and likewise, individuals
can play chess against a machine, a chess computer or chess program, and as
corollary, crypto between people and machines, whether having crypto
created or challenged and deciphered this way, perhaps where AI computers
create their own crypto algorithms someday that humans cannot crack and
thus 'machines have secrets' and a 'hidden private truth', much like HAL.
and then there is an issue of machines 'playing chess' against one another,
state computers functioning against other state computers, and so on.
and what i realized in my perpetual defeat by the chess computer was that
the traditional rules of chess favor a binary, serial mindset and thus are
easily resolved by the chess computer, and thus there is a ~finiteness or
controlled-realm the interactions are happening within, which can be
accurately modeled and improved heuristically, via looped evaluation and
feedback to refine or adjust the model. yet each choice is quite minimal,
the realm of 'infinity' is not readily at work, and with each move, the
speed of calculation is further and further able to refine and project a
winning scenario -- and whatever might happen or may occur would be because
of a gap or ambiguity where the boundary remains 'unknown' or neutral or
may even be perceived as false by the machine. that would be the opening
for the human, to do something unexpected for beyond the known
interpretation and yet upon doing so, the machine learns and that option
like others becomes closed down immediately, so it is no longer available,
if it can be accurately incorporated into the existing game model and
framework; ie grounded.
decades ago i envisioned an electromagnetic chess set with electric power
plant (king) and skyscraper (queen), satellite dishes (rooks), transmission
pylons (knights), radio and TV broadcast towers (bishops), and electrical
distribution pole streetlights (pawns). the board itself consisted of
wooden cubes where each side was a different color, as an informational
terrain, green for grass, black for oil, blue for ocean, that could be
randomly setup or changed during the game to reprogram interaction based on
new rules. and similar to this idea, if suddenly a black square cannot be
moved on or provides a double-move or special quality, it changes the
probabilities involved in game play into a more multilinear or nonlinear
framework, where [square] could become [6 squares] potentially, with new
additional moves or characteristics based on each. and this in turn would
effect 'processing' of the event by a computer, where such ~variables could
tip the scales in humans favor, in that a square color could be changed
mid-game and pivot what is occurring into another perspective, thus adding
more unknowns though also unlocking what could amount to a dead game, on a
conceptual level, in terms of serial logic that limits its potential as a
multidimensional game. oftentimes intelligence compared to multidimensional
chess, even.
so too with a godless network of supercomputers that stand-in for 'shared
awareness' and seek to determine it, within their finite unbounded modeling
in a false framework. if the game-board they evaluate is already "known"
then it is a serial calculation that is snap-to-fit and categorization
figures itself out and allows prime-number-ideologies to extend themselves
further and further on ungrounded and uncorrected assumptions, and yet
function as 'the sign' of truth. computer output, resolution in binary
these same 'networked chess computers' are thusly biased, and have warped
skewed distorted error-reliant code and programming that determines their
output and how they evaluate input and search and categorize- and this is
used to legimate tyranny, as B=B stands in for A, whereby pT = 1, yet in
its limited view tends to 0, nothingness.
when these machines are evaluating and censusing humanity, especially in
antihuman frames of reference, such that: sign=inaccurate is 'good', if it
serves the ideology; then correlating and corresponding input and output
can "prove" the bias as a matched pattern, albeit falsely or in ungrounded
terms, reliant on errors in process and observation, and yet as if
self-evident, there is no error-correction process that can establish
oversight on its conclusions, especially mathematical, especially
technical, scientific, because it is concluded a priori correct due to
onesidedness of binary ideology, common to the entire false-enterprise and
its soulless trajectory towards nothingness as if the cosmic centre of
being (removed of humanity, replaced by cyborg-based entities) aligned with
the shared ideology. essentially and effectively, a population of mindless
robots and human slaves.
and yet there is a gap between this computer perception -- even in its
seeming omniscience -- and actual reality. that which does not fit into the
binary model or cannot be computed in the serial, linear equations. this
sentence based language can be, it is perfect for computers to figure out,
just like a chess board. to brute force meaning via linguistic structures
and determine via probabilistic weighting 'truth' yet in a context of
2-value assumptions, themselves fundamentally inaccurate and ungrounded and
of an inaccurate worldview that is the basis for computational models and
'computer architectures', along with the cryptographic products this
extends into and becomes.
that gap is where the multi bitset parallel consideration and fractal
reading/writing of texts and ideas and models cannot be readily
accommodated without forcing a limit to its computability by binary models
of evaluation, throughout the analysis, including equipment itself and
forced decision-making and prioritization (deterministic skew), to
evaluation of data that exists beyond its categorization and thus functions
as a field of the data subconscious, unaccounted for yet still connected
with the observation unknowingly, and also group analysis of data and
decision-making based in binary thinking and reliance on this viewpoint as
next steps and governance over its actions.
[the] [abelity] [2] [pring] [th*s] [in-to] [a-other] [r3a1w] [.is] [wot]
[UPS] [th3] [comp.ut.ab.il.it.y]
to try to figure out the meaning of the preceding paragraph (prior to the
structured breakdown sentence) is an issue of coherence within an existing
computational model that is a 'historical framework' that could become
expert and game-winning in terms of a rigged human-machine scenario that
functions in antihuman dynamics, where /signs/ themselves automatically
subsist and move toward a realm of falsity by their default biased
interpretation that has been normalized, via biased privileged onesidedness
that serves a hostile agenda hidden behind a false framework and encrypted
within a false perspective. whereas, going beyond this limit to
recontextualize the game-board, is to establish infinities where a pattern
match once was presumed to exist by default, and the computation require to
solve these same domains becomes intangible, beyond the boundaries and
known borders - it breaks the algorithms and requires additional
interpretation yet that is also limited in comprehension, and must guess or
decide what is true about it, and only partial truth could be accessed, and
thus limited by 2-value logic and flawed assumptions. and so 'meaning'
would remain bounded to only what can be computed and arranged - which may
force incoherence and chaos and fragmentation of modeling due to its
unlikeness, or it may provide arbitrariness and unknowns to such a degree
to appear meaningless or gibberish. and yet encoded within its mystery
could be multiple meanings or messages, essentially encrypted via this
unshared POV. the substance remains hidden or beyond observation, if it
existed- and who is to say it is the sentence as a sentence, and not some
correlation of meaning with its subset relations and dynamics, as variables
may align. the above example is arbitrary and yet it is nuance or subtlety
or insight, could operate beyond the 'known realm' of other observers, as
plain text even. this is nonlinear language, it is not just a serial
reading word to word -----> and instead can function vertically, in
'imaginary time' (Hawking), in the sense of conceptual connections as
constellations, and the ability to read and understand the signs, and for
each person their language may be particular and unique. and thus literacy
remains relativistic in fragmented views yet can be shared, from this
distributed condition, as peer-routing of grounded observations: [variable]
[variables]. and as these may or may not relate in set theory dynamics,
permutations that easily move towards infinity, toward greater truth if
grounded, greater falsity if not. infinitely so.
so imagine each person is playing a parallel chess match with the devil, as
in the The Seventh Seal. and yet this is an automated event, machine-driven
and -reliant interaction and logic-based - and thus the programming and
code that is running, the processing of person and computer would exist in
some relational dynamic, such that:
   binary machine <---> binary individual
   binary machine <---> N-value individual
   binary machine <---> binary machine
   ...
   binary individual <---> binary individual
   binary individual <---> N-value individual
   N-value individual <---> N-value individual
   ...
   2-value individual <---> N-value individual
   2-value individual <---> 3-value individual
   3-value individual <---> 3-value individual
   3-value individual <---> N-value individual
what is proposed here is that the 2-value individual or 2-value machine are
fundamentally flawed and in the 3-value or N-value paradoxical interaction,
this 'status quo' condition of 'shared binary relations' can be overturned
by switching over to a grounded model of error-correcting, shared empirical
observation, accounted for in truth. at this level of ones and zeros. and
insofar as machines and people cannot do this, it becomes a realm of
hacking, cracking, and exploits- programming dynamics that can take down
the false frameworks via their own internal weaknesses as ideologies and
ideas, based on uncorrected or implausibly deniable errors that establish
and sustain tyranny as an exploit of and against truth itself, and its
accounting. this is potentially related to the Turing Test likewise, in
terms of a litmus for reasoning, discerning a barrier or realm of
behavioral or programmatic skew, beholden to ideology.
  2-value crypto <---> N-value crypto
the idea of paracrypto then can operate outside the limits of the 2-value
constraints because the latter is itself a subset of truth that the N-value
references and aligns with in its verification and accounting. the falsity
of 2-value, the gap between pT <=> T, then is the realm beyond god-status
observation even while remaining trapped within its unideal context, the
false perspective.
   2-value (N-value)            whereby:
   T (2-value (N-value)        such that:   1 (.0000001 {99.9999999})
paracrypto in its paradoxical dimensions, could tend towards nine-nines
reliability in terms of grounded observation, small finite accurate
observations removed of falsity, even while contained or held captive in a
largely false environment, yet which itself is embedded in a larger
surrounding truth, outside the game world and control of the false god. in
this way, the resonance of like with like or paired-truth could have
properties of entanglement and circuit-related connectione (cosmic
connectome) as parallel worlds align.

@_date: 2013-09-28 00:50:07
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [paraCrypto] ex.errata 
for crypto model...
     individual <--- [x] ----> individual
 where x is medium, such as one-time pad or computers, whereby:
    individual <--- machine --{crypto}-- machine ---> individual
 to a potential artificial intelligence context of machine borne crypto...
   A.I. machine <--- {crypto} ---> A.I. machine
 computers themselves developing secrets, privacy, securing POV.
   individual <--- A.I. machine <--{crypto}--> hidden attacker
 perhaps zoning humans out of machines, parasite/host relations
 x0

@_date: 2013-09-28 13:40:16
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [paraCrypto] re: surreality 1.1 
this is perhaps a more accurate model for everyday computer interactions,
whereby the computer machinery may be designed to function against
individuals because it has 'secret functioning' that is protected behind an
inaccessible boundary to most...
  individual <==> dumb PC || A.I. =={secret data}==> surveillance
in this way a false perspective could be established for the individual
interacting with what appears to be a dumb system, while behind that
yet unrecognized, that automatically monitors or queries data (in the sense
of automated assembly line production of data mining, reconnaissance and
organized pilfering) for the rogue setup/takedown operation, and yet such
functioning could be hidden, a secret within the indecipherable chips
themselves in their unknowns or proprietary, protected internal boundary
(inversion of privacy to allow unconstrained criminality, in certain
contexts, while ignoring or exploiting it in others).
note: if the above relational diagram is broken due to arbitrary word-wrap,
here it is broken down into parts:
  individual <==> dumb computer
  dumb computer || a.i. computer
  a.i. computer <--{crypto}--> surveillance
--- on paracrypto environment ---
perhaps an assumption of signal/noise modeling of crypto is a blank slate
where programming and code creates structures and it is the interaction in
these defined systems where 'the crypto' resides, that is, that the secrets
are contained in the cryptographic communication and do not exist or
reference something beyond the [signs], which would be a mistaken
assumption. paracrypto seemingly is outside of this constraint or does not
align in this way, seemingly. in that it is more like a Random Event
Generator that begins to sense something emerging from the ~plenum of noise
as a pattern or organization with what may otherwise be random background,
as if disassociated potential. in this sense *signal* may emerge from noise
in a paracrypto context, because the meaning already exists in the world as
a pattern, whether or not coded into a given schema contained within a
finite set of signs and algorithms. in fact, "the world" could be missing
from the programming and code of cryptographic products which require
'drawing inside the lines' for that conventional approach to function,
which may limit what world exists within the crypto to begin with- which is
why, in terms of language-based communication it seems the more robust
modeling of crypto occurs outside of hardware/software implementations, and
is far more advanced in terms of intelligence applications as it relates to
day to day networks and how things get down outside formal administrative
channels, especially when compromised or corrupted. in that, the sudden
appearance of a flower pot could signal meaning and provide direction where
no computers operate or observe or analyze though it could be implicitly
known and understood by certain observers of the shared key, what it
signifies. in this way, normal everyday people are dealing with already
established cryptosystems as a basis for hidden or secret communication
which may remain unsaid or unspoken or unacknowledged, yet could only
appear only in the subconscious or unconscious of others.
if a person sees the flower pot and understands the correlation, there is
no need for a computing infrastructure, digital keys and signatures, binary
data streams of code, portable computers and pattern-recognition systems to
verify what is observed and match this against a central database model.
unless of course that is what is required for lack of capacity to process
such information naturally, or that systems are in place for certain
populations to point-and-shoot their phones at every passer by for
diagnostics, to monitor and thus assess their own perspective of what they
are not-seeing-themselves as mediated by technology and remote
interpretation, to then validate the event and provide a viewpoint, another
data point to the empirical model to calculate and reference experience. in
that case 'smart technology' and 'dumb people' and in the other, dumb
technology and intelligent people.
the books: Invisible Cities by Italo Calvino and Ways of Seeing by John
Berger, offer a way of considering the para- or coexisting parallel apsects
of observation, as viewpoint may be shifted based on what framework is
referenced and navigated within. in that different people see different
things. people of different backgrounds or cultures. the works of Edward T.
Hall focus on these questions of relation. i tend to think it inherently
involves the issue of /perspective/ and especially the role of boundaries
or limits that define what is and what cannot be observed.
(note: role of research of sociologists, archaeologists, entomologists,
zoologists, cultural anthropologists e.g. going to village to decipher
customs, learn language, etc. as this applies to codes operating outside
the defining crypto parameters yet functions similarly yet far beyond,
potentially in terms of what is secured and-or private.)
thus to 'really see' you have to deal with errors in seeing within the
self, firstly. make altitude adjustments, corrections, etc. else
observation could be self-limited to a finite viewpoint that begins and
ends with the self as a solitary private individual and seeks to relate
everything that exists to the terms of the person, as if at the center,
in this way a person may be considered in terms of an antenna. in that it
involves issues of fundamental being and awareness, as it relates to
grounding or short-circuiting, and what signals and frequencies can be
accessed given its configuration. so if malfunctioning, perhaps only few
things are transmitted or received and perhaps much of it is noise-based or
incoherent. whereas if well aligned, well grounded, and well adjusted,
clarity could result in transmissions and reception of signaling. this as
it relates to literacy and illiteracy. people utilizing their bandwidth for
regressive, backwards activity versus others whose work taps into cosmic
channels of shared truth, finding their place within its masterplan.
clarity versus confusion. deep meaning versus triviality. coherence versus
decoherence. and perhaps signal/noise ratios and embodiment, how much does
the mental/physical correspond within a life, or is it short circuited and
shut off for entire populations, trapped in bodies without governing
ability over its destiny.
the issue of tuning, as it relates to logic. what you tune into as data. as
this corresponds with truth or pseudo-truth or falsity. and then the active
and passive channels, where the data is relayed within a context of self-
what dimensions are functioning within a given person (as antenna) versus
another, and how do they relate or what are the shared and unshared
dynamics between them- as this relates to limits, boundaries, 'shared
awareness', logic, and truth. though especially, of ideology versus ideas.
passive thought versus active questioning, which can be the difference
between faith-based ~theorization and feedback-based hypotheses, requiring
logical foundation for reasoning ideas.
   person 1  <===> person 2
   antenna 1 <===> antenna 2
so paracrypto functions in this realm by default of nature, at least for
humans and animals, in terms of consciousness and shared awareness. 'truth'
does not reside within a being and instead is referenced or mapped into the
surrounding world. the truth of a table is not its calculation in the brain
corresponding to a sign [table], because it must be verified externally in
its existence to validate this truth, the sign maps into the world where it
finds its grounding, closing the circuit of signification. whereas
disembodied truth or signage freed of this need for external evaluation or
proof, can be whatever it is believed to be irrespective of other facts
outside a given personal framework of relativism. and this is the
thought-killer, the nasty bug that replaces thinking with binary
processing, making a fractional truth into 'whole truth' and ignoring any
external truth or ability to falsify the viewpoint. perhaps in some way
this is a countermeasure equivalent to jamming an antenna to protect
another signal.
very easy to move into extra-sensory perception or astral projection or
remote viewing in this electromagnetic antenna context, if the truth of
information is 'shared' by default and involves referencing a shared
sensory domain where the truth of information could reside in the
noisefield, as patterns. and that perhaps these /forms/ or hidden yet
emergent molecules - as ideas and concepts and connections and correlations
- are the real codebase of humanity and nature, yet it remains encrypted
due to an incapacity to engage this realm in an insufficient,
non-electromagnetic modeling of existence, that binary computing instead
seeks to define and determine, becoming the future.
so paracrypto relations could exist in ubiquitous and meaningful ways,
except have no place within the domain of computation except for monitoring
and controlling and constraining its development, to keep the
non-electromagnetic false worldview in tact and in power. in other words
"crypto" and code and programming for computers does not have the capacity
to deal with this realm, and by comparison computing languages -are-
[signage] detached from actual physical reality, fundamentally ungrounded
and unreliant on observable truth outside their finite and skewed
this is why a programming language based on 'circuits', from the individual
to nature, to concepts and ideas, would be closest that of nature and the
brain and mind itself, and developing this from N-value logic, so that
"programming" a device is no different than "people thinking" or logically
reasoning via hypothesis, trial and error, feedback, and empirical
evaluation against a universal model based in grounded truth (1). anything
else tends towards absolute falsity, the further it computes partial truth
against partial truth in a binary framework, where a false and uncorrected
absolutist foundation and error-reliant structures hold up the fantasy as a
schizophrenic state of awareness.
--- analogy ---
the frame of view, or perspective of a given observer can be considered in
terms of a literal picture frame that defines what is inside from what is
outside the captured view, as this relates to a boundary condition.
  ...|v|...
if a digital camera is used to take a photograph -- as a basis and
corollary for observation -- a boundary condition is delineated and
demarcated  (outside...|inside|...outside) and in this way, the realm that
is captured (v) can be detached from its surroundings, as a finite
instance, or still be tied into it via its inherent connectivity outside or
beyond the arbitrary boundary or view of the whole. thus a partial view of
the cosmos is not the cosmos in its entirety. yet, oftentimes such
infintesimal viewpoints can replace the larger realm of observation, and
stand-in for this universal view by default of binary observation and
'sharing of viewpoint'. what is true is |v| and nothing else is true, as
long as everything outside the frame is ignored, whether true or not, and
anything inside the frame is considered true, by default of some aspect of
it being true, yet allowing errors to compensate as truth, because they
hold up the perspective of a given distorted, ungrounded observer.
this is the basic model of binary computers, where the cosmos is on the
outside, and only what fits into the tiny box is allowed 'reality' in the
false perspective, and thus everything is made to serve that distorted,
error-reliant viewpoint in order to be allowed in a realm of 'shared
perspective' in the "common programmatic language", where [signs] stand-in
for truth, and become their own self-signification (?), such that
[sign]=[sign] is the pattern match, in language, versus in evaluation of
ideas themselves or the truth they reference. it has become detached,
"virtual", an issue of _processing of data streams, reasoning turned into
this via binary short-cuts for rote call & response as if intelligence
versus "the speed of smartness" which can relay disembodied facts into a
context of ever larger prime discoveries, as if by default of observation:
true. because it is observed and believed true, and corresponds with the
accepted framework that sees no error in itself, because it essentially
holds the position of infallibility via god-status.
 paracrypto ...|crypto|... paracrypto
likewise for cryptographic hardware/software based on computers and their
programmatic finite modeling of reality, devoid of actual grounding in
external truth outside the context of [signs], which tokenize truth into
something arbitrary and malleable-- a fundamental corruption of the highest
and lowest order. it simply must be deception. as these same critical
systems of intelligence always have and always will operate in the larger
realm of language, mapped into the cosmic context, not limited by the
finite frames of a given viewpoint or framework that seeks to stop or
constrict what can be communicated.
   circuits ...|bits|... circuits
the universe is a bit only in the sense that truth and falsity can
correspond with a 1/0 state computationally- it could be a simulation and
presented digitally, yet it is an emulation and exists in a larger context
that is not so defined or limited or impoverished in meaning. the 'bit' is
a false perspective of experience. it is of a false nature and detached
from actual experience, unless warped and unimaginative. certainly 'ideas'
can be processed as bits, yet they are not only this nor is this their
height or greatest capacity. in so far as ideas are 'true' and map into
reality, they tend towards 1, yet remain bounded and contingent. insofar as
they are false, they tend towards zero. yet if assuming all ideas could be
grounded in truth, it is in their modeling and observation this way that
their structures (as molecules) would be constructed and anchored to the
shared foundation of universal truth (1) yet this does not equate with a
digital worldview or its verification. it makes no sense in the larger
context of the cosmos and in this reductionist approach disallows
consideration of the actual nature of connection within minds and
environments, in terms of shared truth, beyond that of the ideological.
  circuits ...|circuits|... circuits
a computer architecture that is based on circuits would not reinforce a
boundary and twist and warp things to fit inside its false modeling, and
declare it 'universal truth', and instead would be able to move beyond the
boundary via interconnectivity within structures of truth that can be
mapped beyond a given observational boundary, the weaving together of
various empirical views of grounded observers... and this accesses the
ancient geometrical approach, of the self with self, self with another, and
others, which moves from a point to a line, to a triangle, to a square, and
onward to an atmospheric whole, as ideas and events and observations align
in a shared framework of truth.
  ... |v1| |v2| |v3|...|v^n| ...
wherein ultimately the correlated observation can tend towards
N-dimensional observation of events and extend into infinities that
ungrounded relativism does not allow as its 'wholeness' is dependent on
protecting skew within a given boundary and equating it with absolute truth
because it is shared, validated by others, as a false consciousness and
this could be exploited, where the boundary condition it provides is cover
for deception which exploits this, keeps ideas trapped in a false
worldview, while other things are happening outside this framework yet
cannot be accessed or identified inside of it, due to the enforced limits
and constraints on observation. thus, those who pursue the truth of ideas
can easily be deemed insane, and given disorienting pills, put into
psychiatric hospitals, and forced to suicide, to keep the political agenda
secure, secret.
the potential then of shared observation, is that if humans were combined
into a single observer, then:
  ... |humans^N] ...
and that a computer that can 'reason' like a person, in N-value
considerations of circuits, would then not be unnaturally bounded and set
apart from nature, where only some truth is allowed, that which can be
accommodated within the technological framework and its errant ideology.
 humans ...|antihumans|... humans
in terms of paracrypto, human communication that is secret if not secure
could exist in dimensions outside the limiting framework of those who
censor and edit-out truth from their skewed worldviews and seek to create
technology to reinforce this false view, to maintain control over the
illusion. a computer that breaks this observational dictate then would
provide tools for humans who are on the outside of technology today, not
being served by it, and would allow technology to be in service to humans
and nature and not their enemy in a win-lose relationship. insofar as this
truth cannot be acknowledged or identified, it could function as
extra-dimensions that can be referenced while also not being relayed in
explicit terms understandable by the hidden surveillers, or their
computers. if the code is unable to be deciphered accurately or put
together as a whole. instead it would develop as a noisefield. more and
more noise. and this likewise could be an aspect of the surrealism it
involves. for those on the inside, it may appear only warped or distorted
or skewed or false via inaccuracy or error-rate in [sign]=[sign] pattern
matched relations, breaking this interpretative framework, limiting its
resolution via the boundary, inverting the false-perspective with another
that actually involves a siege, as truth surrounds and further and further
constricts the finite, false point of view.
it is also an issue of limited numbers of observers, and their incapacity
to accurately 'process' or accurately interpret such data, at speed,
previous and in addition to the incapacity of similar computer modeling to
~rationalize the irrational data into a coherent framework, without forcing
and amplifying skew, distortion, warping, and errors based on false
assumptions and lies-- to the absolute extreme.
the primary idea again is there is a -gap- between the [model] & [reality].
and in certain conditions this is where paracrypto occurs, or so it is
proposed. such that an antihuman agenda set into binary computing regime
cannot parse or process data outside this framework without forcing it back
into its biased logical structuring, which only tenatively grounds via
pseudo-truth. and that is a security flaw and no secret anymore.
the difference with a human model would be that it establishes and serves
this connection with reality as closely as possible, that it must be
aligned accurately as that is the basis for its accountings, its
verification, validation as observation. whereas for ungrounded relativism,
it is the separation from larger reality that presupposes 'universality'
and seeks to replace it, rather than serve the larger truth- it is to serve
that which is contained as if equated with this, a substitute worldview and
illusion based on a shared lie.
--- other notes ---
self as antenna, yet also machines as antennas and their dimensional
aspects. this in terms of logic and relations, such that, for example:
   N-value observer <---> N-value machine
   N-value observer <---> binary machine
what 'shared awareness' is possible or not, based on the boundary of
observation and its reliance on truth or pseudo-truth. to recontextualize
this question in terms of ~being and A.I. then could allow a shared
circuit-based code and programming language to have advanced 'chess'
communications based in 'shared reasoning' beyond the limiting framework of
binary ideology, interfacing with a computer such that:
   individual <-- N-value reasoning ---> A.I. machine
if verifiable-yet-contingent truth were the basis for this relation, then
cryptography could instead involve a defense of truth at the base of this
model, where error-correction and oversight could occur to compare against
false-modeling or fake-ideas or agendas, potentially. in that, a
traditional route would appear to view security as based on breaking a
model so to make it more secure-- yet to do this with 'truth' itself, would
be to degrade a conceptual model from truth to pseudo-truth, in order to
'secure it' within greater falsity, making it less secure and allowing for
errors that would otherwise not be allowed. thus the traditional approach
could be backwards in a circuit-based context, though perhaps an extra
diagnostic layer or protocol would exist that is crypto-based in terms of
security, to validate truth against its modeling and make sure it cannot be
tampered with or that there is a secure realm that monitors itself, at
least in such a framework. seemingly opposite of computers today.
--- on errored observation ---
i have various kinds of brain blips and malfunctioning of nervous system
and sometimes will look at text and see the wrong words or have my brain
substitute other words automatically or misspell yet when i read it i
sometimes cannot see the error due to processing. there can be an aspect of
satire involved in this, as misinterpretation sometimes allows a surreal
parallel interpretation, much like the satire of the Onion news articles
and headlines with other, many times more real, events. many occasions
especially when fatigued will read a sentence in error, and this a [world]
will become multiset and reframe a sentence or paragraph, relation or idea,
as a result. i wonder if there is a way to annotate this as an experience,
such that these moments of accidental insight could be captured or shared.
almost attempted to do this by détourning coderman's reply with this
key exchange, just synchronized symmetric cigars and readers digests)
in that a misreading or altered reading can change the context and meaning
of the original statement, as this relates to the interpretive aspect of
evaluation in its fractal and multidimensional (if noise-based subconscious
connection to patterns, as they may exist betwixt-and-between various
frameworks of truth). original:
was: key exchange, just synchronized symmetric [ciphers] and [digests])
in the first instance, a skewed eyeball capture for some reason warped
cipher into cigar, adn then a different approach evaluation 'digest' in a
larger iconic context, in that given the observer you ask about locating
the digest, may respond in crypto computer terms or from another era, of a
magazine on the coffee table by the television. this is the reality of
language in its complexity and subtltey that goes unmapped by the
assumption that it is neither active nor relavant in a binary ideological
framework and 'shared awareness' which is assumed by default correct and
finite, contained in the frame it determines. whereas for other observers
it could extend beyond this, into elsewhere, which is where paracrypto may
better be said to exist, in this bit set interaction, within and between
and beyond the [signage] that makes up the code, yet also validates and
invalidates its premise in terms of inherent security or secrecy in the
realm of ideas and concepts, assigned and referenced in a realm as
technical infrastructure, yet in error and inaccuracy as it relates to the
larger environment which is also encrypted, also communicating; computer
hardware and software the subset here, potentially even, compared with the
code of nature and secured subsystems for transmitting data that remains
unobserved on other levels. if actually dealing in realism versus forcing
the false perspective and thus the surrealism is all there is to make sense
of the larger context as the code is ungrounded as observation.
malmodeling. incomplete, infinitely so.

@_date: 2013-09-29 01:06:11
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [17] hidden links 
pile-on. the following are a wide range of examples of everyday situations
that could have crypto relevance, in one way or another. the purpose is to
share a view of how large the fundamental questions are, beyond a
software/hardware and computer model to perhaps question the assumptions of
where the boundaries are, especially as it is decided upon in a fixed set
of [signs] via code and programs, versus what i propose is to deconstruct
to the most minimal structures, circuits and models and hypotheses that
become the code, in a diagrammatic pattern language versus linear
sign-based system. thus more like molecular sculpture, programming,  in
testing and evaluating ideas from the period table, via logical reasoning,
than an issue of rationalization of a private finite bounded binaristically
determined view that is detached from actual reality, separated from it,
substituting for it. this is a problem of language and meaning and the
limits of linearization both in terms of writing/reading though also
computationally, in serial processing of, what amounts to a false singular
perspective made up of fragments of relativism yet not rigorous enough to
achieve grounded empiricism due to error reliance. thus, the gap in
questioning and interpretation as it may relate to fields and ideas beyond
the ordinary consideration. also: it is to assume cryptographers in their
natural state may actually think in these terms (dimensionally) though it
may not have a place in code as code or analogous encryption approaches due
to a particular technical approach, if over-focussed on subjective
mathematics and out of balance with the larger questioning of signs and
their relation to reality, this as language based on logical reasoning,
both mathematical and 'cultural'. in the way crypto may reference books via
hidden patterns, to decipher messages, it is presumed this is more the
foundation of the discipline than flawed technology. and thus more a
reminder of its depth and range of operation, than  finiteness.
--- aesthetics ---
the false perspective can be tricky, images deceive- who figures the
effortless grace of a Cary Grant presidency would front for an illegal
crypto dictatorship, another hidden order plotting against citizens behind
the iconic, oversaturated stars and stripes of the US flag, emblem of
patriotic ideology that all are safe, there is nothing to worry about,
while people are actively being ground into dust.
the image can lie. it can misrepresent. [signs] that are pattern matched
can be subverted, appearing to be one thing while functioning as another.
this is why testing hypotheses versus blind faith in theories is a required
for vigilance. [sign.A] can transform into [sign.B] yet appear still as if
the [sign] itself, unchanging, yet if the context or dynamics shift, its
meaning and purpose can also. it is as if there is no awareness of what
observation is, a pre-literate condition whereby populations are not
educated enough to distinguish their or others ideas in a grounded
framework. and critical to this is the concept of perspective, the physical
relationships that establish viewpoints and boundaries.
for instance, if a neighbor listens at the wall to monitor another person,
who is simply typing at a computer and not making any disturbance that
could effect them,  yet this neighbor knows what they are typing is 'wrong'
and disturbing and could in turn retaliate to stop the activity. this also
is an issue of perspective and boundaries, where the right of privacy of a
tenant is disregarded by a neighbor who instead surveils and exploits this
as a means of political harassment. a line or boundary has been crossed,
the law disregarded, and this can also happen with government, if it too
monitors and disallows legal activity that seeks to shut down activity it
deems 'wrong' to its particular limited agenda and viewpoint, and in this
way ignoring the constitutional rights of other citizens as the default.
meaning of words and concepts and symbols demarcate 'the lines' or
trajectories of logical reasoning, they need to be validated and
error-corrected and watched over to maintain a proper relationship, yet if
this oversight fails, an all-seeing perspective that is actually very
limited and based in false and biased views can become 'the public'
framework, yet function against this public via corruption of these same
frameworks and processes needed to maintain a shared public state.
The Republic by Plato describes various forms of government as one type
leads to another and in this, democracy is said to lead to dictatorship. of
various other forms of governance, say aristocracy or communism, it is
proposed in a context of empirical truth, that if 'truth' were the basis
for governance of human citizens in a human state, that these various
stages of governance could all function on the 'same side' of truth, even
while configured differently. and if truth were the basis for relations,
and its error correction, then perhaps these various forms of governance
could error-correct known failures in these same systems. in this way it is
hypothesized that the truth in European nations is not against truth in
other areas, and the truth in Russia and truth in China is not inherently
against or opposed to the truth in the US or Canada. and thus so too issues
of crypto.
in that, 'shared awareness' and 'shared truth' may have a different
boundary than the nation-state and each state could function with 'shared
lies' as a challenge which is common across borders as well, and maps into
another framework than the state is organized around in its traditional
terms. thus doubling of function, potentially, inside and outside, to deal
with these dynamics both near and far. it would seem that human identity is
the basis for this assumption that such shared empirical observation could
occur in a human framework, to resolve discrepancies occurring internally
and externally and provide a means of accurate feedback in regards to
shared principles and the ability to evaluate and correct errors in a
common framework based in shared truth, tested and retested against the
what is particularly of interest in this is the role of symbolism that
spans all states of the world, especially in a realm of flags and other
representations of a people or culture, potentially as signaling systems
referencing common elements. for instance, colors or stars or birds, as
these structural /signs/ may change country to country yet reference or
communicate via similar symbolic elements.
likewise, each country or region may relate in particular frameworks for
cuisine and local customs, including clothing and zeitgeist, as modern and
traditional influences may be mediated uniquely in a given context which
can also heavily depend upon geography and connectivity, which can lead to
routes unchanged over millennia, more closely connected to the ancient past
than the unfolding future. and that there is truth everywhere and truth to
be learned from these various people and perspectives about existence and
the nature of being and perception. that perhaps they know things that are
beyond another's limited boundary and thus listening and considering the
ideas is an important process in human relations, as it relates to truth
and evidence and what exists versus what is believed to exist. and that
deep human connections are possible in opening up and allowing for this
dialogue and evaluation of hypotheses in a shared framework based on and
guided by truth itself. where each perspective counts in the truth it
exists within. and that 'higher truth' as a principle must be accounted for
likewise, fundamentally. that some truth is hierarchical and its structural
capacity must be recognized and respected, versus deferring to lesser truth
and less accurate interpretations. in this way, truth establishes actual
power. its corruption weakens and dilutes it.
it is something to consider then, when a national dish or symbolic [sign]
are corrupted or subverted -- say the main ingredient in hotdish of a given
culture is being poisoned somehow as part of a hidden agenda. or that an
apple is so loaded with chemicals and various drugs as to be sickening, yet
remains a symbol of health ('an apple a day keeps insurance and healthcare
in perpetual play'). what if the kielbasa is spiked at the factory. or the
water is loaded with unfiltered psychiatric run-off and windshield wiper
fluid. or mothers breasts transit Zoloft to newborns. at what point of
disjuncture may these dynamics be considered corrupt in their pre-existing
interpretations and requiring of new evaluations to get at what has changed
and what is going on behind the curtain of hidden, secret state and its
antihuman agenda. how can an appearance remain unchecked which has been
subverted so that it stands against itself as its own [anti-sign]. yet this
a=b condition becomes an issue of allegiance and ideological alliance, as
if litmus to separate the canaries into the psychiatric system while
funneling the rest into the awaiting cattle chutes. silent, passive, easily
controlled, compliant, ready to be led to their demise while helping the
process along and getting paid for it.
what are the security issues involved and secrecy required for such events
to occur yet be off the cultural and communications radar. where is the
feedback or critical evaluation in a larger human context, versus
fragmented relativisms that focus here or there in specificities, yet
cannot seem to make tangible a standing conspiracy to overtake the world
and turn the earth into a slave prison-planet.
in that sense of civilian world war, it is curious what individuals might
think about in terms of the stakes involved, life and death scenarios as
the situation becomes increasingly clear. what happens when people are set
against one another in barbarian-like mindsets and pre-literate and
illiterate frameworks. might not issues like tattoos become areas of
populist contention, where those of differing natures seek to regain the
meaning of their signs, no longer observing boundaries of respect for
unlike others, whose tattoos by comparison may be their devaluing, or seek
to signify what they really are not- and thus a stand-off could occur in
such strange realms. or, those with piercings as a security issue, if say
there is a sudden appearance of torturers in the population, against the
opposition, where having battery hookups on various body parts is inviting
such exploitations. would you walk around in a thunderstorm in a large
field with a metal antenna strapped to your head? what about walking around
with 'security exploits' in times of war, inviting the oppositional
imagination to consider the worst, given the specifics.
and so too, the increasing primativisation as a cultural trend, whereby ear
plugs and flesh tubes seemingly emulate villagers of particular cultural
traditions as if a style or extension of a fashion or aesthetic movement.
the issue involved is also of a potential security exploit- what might
someone do with that, against a person, as a weakness or if they relate to
it as a threat of profanation of the shared values. and there is nothing to
stop the stand-off between these people. i cannot help but think of college
hazing gone wrong, where a U-Lock could easily capture a person against a
pole via their earlobes and there could be no way of escape in a given
scenario than ripping your own ears open and having flaps from the
stretched condition. and yet- there are vast many people who despise these
kinds of transgressions, in cultural terms, for signifying a devolving
culture. what if such aesthetic choices are security choices. what if they
could lead to other interactions eventually in a changing context, and the
'shared awareness' is simply the result of an absence of error-correction
for the group, and that such a group may have limits on some issues, which
could align with certain principles.
in that, it is highly likely many are in these contexts and require
adaptation to cultural dynamics, and so may be self-aware about the deeper
divisions this may involve in 'shared awareness' in terms of aesthetics, or
as aesthetics divide groups and individuals from one another. as if a stage
play and costumes for different characters and their roles. and that this
must be acknowledged. and yet so too there could be ideology involved,
beliefs that could be fundamentally false or wicked or antihuman even,
associated with similar signage and associated or related practices, given
the particular individuals and groups so aligned. and in this way, like a
freeway sign or marker offering direction, these iconic [signs] and the
observational processing of symbols establishes certain relations and is
involved in establishing and maintaining specific limits, boundaries, and
the rock-opera film Quadrophenia is an interesting contrast between the
aesthetics of mods on vespa scooters and leather-clad rockers on
motorcycles in the UK 1960s. the contrast between the Beatles and the
Rolling Stones likewise, in some way. it involves aesthetic communications
and symbolic language of artifacts, actions, and ideas, cultural practices
that can eventually run in parallel or even against one another, say if
biker gangs go to war over territory. graffiti or [signs] can be part of
this infrastructure of hidden communication that may otherwise be missed by
those outside the shared boundary or framework of interrelational awareness.
so an issue such as hairstyles, such as the mohawk from the punk era,
versus in the present day, where it may be a different sign, potentially of
conformance if the spirit of rebellion is only shallow, versus visceral
challenging of order. and as language, how this may relate historically to
earlier eras, peoples, and ideas. that there is depth to signs and
symbolism, and thus literacy involves awareness and the ability and
capacity to read and interpret these events in their depth, or to the depth
available. and thus experience or knowledge can help in observation.
in other words, there could be authentic signs and symbols, retaining an
integrity and others that are mimicking this, emulating, or simulating the
[signage] while potentially even standing against its depth, as an
anti-sign, camouflage or label wearing, as status symbols or markers, these
relations hollowed out of meaning and made superficial yet still
potentially functioning and treated as if originals and not copies of
copies which devolve via noise, and dissolve into greater falsity. what is
a sign that only references itself? or self-aware self-referencing. what if
to some extent it is a form of advertisement, marketing, instead of ideas
it is about consumerism, for instance, replacing cultural depth with its
commodification as a result of increasing development of illiteracy in a
context of mass populism. such that the TV extra or stand-in or "bit part"
becomes a kind of vocation, just like a person can decide to become a
heroine user and make a living as an addict, because the clinics and
programs need them to justify their own existence and thus a lifestyle can
be sustained by various choices, say versus another line of work. such as
focusing on human problems beyond the self and making huge sacrifices on
behalf of the group, and taking beating after beating in doing so. maybe it
is an issue of broken people again, yet at some point there is also a
choice and again a boundary issue- a critical moment, and making the wrong
choices distinguishes one group from another, and it is proposed The Moment
of Truth is this demarcation.
whose to say that if a government falls and functions in its worst vices
against its own citizens, that those on the inside of its internal
organization are also not the same group protected in corrupt society -
such that surveillers and those going after people, setting them up or
gathering evidence to take them down, are not themselves the pedophile
networks and child abusers and misogynists who most benefit from this
devolved condition, seemingly of a shared political agenda even. and so
what if the [signs] are not accurate for what may actually be involved or
the network of signs are not allowed to be established or referenced for
shared navigation because this territory is already encrypted and under
control, via these same hidden and hostile forces, operating beyond the
existing boundaries. what if there is a plague or epidemic of moral
collapse that is the rotten core of the rogue state and its antihuman
agenda and that at its center is a concentrated network that is organized
around principles against citizens, education, law, freedom, human
development, family, marriage, nature, as part of a conspiracy. and yet
this very situation could also have been devised as a trap, with a dual
plan that both allows for this maldevelopment in order to annihilate it
within society, and thus complex and contradictory cryptography also exists
in this same context.
--- further note on aesthetics ---
regarding issues of individual style, the film Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy,
released in the past few years, was an interesting evaluation of the dress
of those whose business it is to operate in the realm of secrets and
national security issues. it is almost that dress is occurs thoroughly at
the midpoint range, in an ambiguous realm that is neither completely common
nor singularly identifiably unique. and thus blending into a surrounding
population, nondescript perhaps, not standing out as a benefit for those
moving between realms amongst others of different domains.
what is interesting is that there is value to camouflage yet also the
potential for small details, that establish identity in a minimal or
traditional framework than needing to establish this as extreme
individualism or group activity, though that likely has its place equally
so, given different context. though it would appear an issue connected with
identity and shared or unshared awareness, if the focus is on maintaining
costuming or being removed of its additional requirements. perhaps for some
the tradeoff is necessary or critical, yet for others it could be that
their anonymity is part of their security and safety protocol. as a [sign]
they may become ambiguous and unnoticed in a particular context, in that
their extreme sport is bloodsport and yet no one may be the wiser of such
another film, The Company (2007) with Michael Keaton as the head of a
mole-hunting counterintelligence unit, an orchid lover known as "mother",
conveys this symbolic dimension likewise in a larger symbolic framework
that cultural communication inherently exists within, as the context for
shared meaning via language. and thus if [signs] are mediated in this way
as a way of conveying stories, why would they be limited in this same depth
in a realm of computation involving such [signs], unless of course this is
not the case and other approaches exist within crypto.
this has been a futile attempt to reference the [signage] of self as
signifying a certain algorithm reading by others, in a surrounding culture,
as the boundary for shared or unshared awareness. it may be a haircut, a
suit, color or style of clothing, shoes, tattoos or body piercings, though
at some point these are patterns that are matched against others, such that
a 'hacker' is represented by a particular style or school of thought, and
defined aesthetically. or programmer, or covert operative, or
cryptographer, or technocrat, or artist, or activist.
and there seems to be a corrolaly here, potentially, between these same
issues of superficial crypto where a BIG SIGN is put up saying: HERE IS THE
HIDDEN SECRET!!! and so sometimes a style can develop that begins to
represent a hacker, say, with stickers all over their laptop, and the
ability to run scripts and vandalize and steal passwords, and yet they may
be operating in a different realm from those of the 60s onward, who are
part of a different language, and 'hacking' could have become a popular
group activity, normalized, not radicalized in the same way, in that it is
thoroughly profitable and aligned with policies of development say, and so
the 'alternative may have become the mainstream' yet view itself as
standing apart in some critical way, which is signified by ritual
practices, conferences, clothing or hairstyles or music, etc. an
anthropological study probably would be needed of the subculture versus a
naive guess at what may be involved. excepting that 'popular signs' of
hacking appear to coincide with existing politics, where exploitation of
other citizens may be occurring by script kiddies and others who are
benefiting from this societal breakdown, versus goals of a higher purpose
that may remain in the underground, and those who are not craving to be up
on stage.
it is just that, a particular shallowness and hollowness to certain
disciplines appears to exist - including with other realms such as
architecture concerned with increasing heights of skyscrapers versus
questioning, changing, or challenging city planning principles to address
economic, social, or governance issues within building design - and yet in
this superficiality, the [architect] is equated with those who before them
did explore these dimensions and served higher principles that today seem
absent in the development process, as if culture itself has been subverted,
hacked, rooted, taken over and sent in another antihuman direction. and so
someone may stand-in as an [architect] and look the iconic part, yet serve
other principles and effectively function in masquerade, hiding another
and so in a 'landscape of difference', of wildly diverging styles as if
freedoms of people to be who they really are, conglomerate around computer
monitors and there is a class of programmers who can manipulate computers
and develop software and maintain systems -- and yet the gap is only
widening at the same time these same types are playing foosball or raving
with friends and eating expensive food, while operating in a realm
potentially associated with 'hackers' or those who are standing-in for an
idea that tended towards human liberation via technology, and not its
confinement, whereby these same technologists in their lifestyles and their
stylistic code of hair, jewelry, clothing, and tribal customs appear to
actually represent the [anti-sign] of the previous hacking ethos in its
larger purpose and calling. such as the potential of the internet, versus
monetization. as if the very idea and imagination of this online context
has collapsed into a trapdoor beneath center stage, where advertisement and
marketing rule everything in a no-exist dungeon scenario, and these of
simulated radicalism and emulated individualism are actually ~Garden of
Earthly Delights minions, an occupying force that is developing an
antihuman agenda via hardware and software as an unchecked business model,
with no greater expectation of individuals in their capacity.
so a [sign] can look like something or have appearance or claim to be
equivalent to some defined meaning, and this may be pattern matched even
-against itself-, and yet if it does not correlate or ground to a larger
context of truth this same 'naming' could be superficial or subverted, and
instead be [anti-sign] instead, whereby pseudo-truth moves to falsity in an
unshared perspective, beyond the protected boundary where skew and
distortion, bias and warping are unaccounted for and allow belief to
function as truth, a bubbled interior realm, potentially that of unchecked
egotism and narcissism in place of substance of the claimed signs. in this
way, issues of language-- it confuses what the sign references with the
sign (its attributes) itself, as if wearing the costume equates with the
role, acting versus being. knowing versus pretending or mimicking to some
extent or another. it is like comparing a programmer who knows 50 computer
languages and has designed their own, versus someone who has done some C++
and can run malware scripts and do bug exploits, where both reference the
same [sign], in a context of shared truth. and if this is unaccounted for,
then a vast bubble culture may exist, which is then extended into code, as
an illusion is sustained about the basic nature of things, technological,
ideological, institutional, computational, philosophical, though most
especially political. the power dynamics operating in these domains and the
active high-voltage structural circuits relied upon for day-to-day
operation of this exploitation, versus other parallel plans remaining
hidden. the potential for the greater truth, discharging the covert
super-capacitors in each discipline as the motherboard of state rewires and
reprograms its territory.
--- trading the paperclip ---
an artifact can function as language. its relation to its context is
important, as this establishes or changes meaning. an item can be placed in
a museum and the way it is observed can be transformed, such as Duchamp and
the Fountain urinal, signed by the artist, thus recontextualizing it,
establishing a new context, meaning, way of relating and interpreting the
artifact within new dimensionality. (reframing)
a particular artifact i find especially interesting is the ACCO Ideal
butterfly paper clamp, it is an innovative, functional, highly aesthetic
style of paperclip that has always reminded me of electric transmission
towers. those giant metal armatures crossing continental landscapes,
carrying the AC powerlines that deliver high voltage power from its area of
generation to its areas of consumption. in many ways representative of the
federal level of the state in its civic quality. thus there is a potential
transference of the icon of the transmission tower into the smaller scaled
context of a similarity or likeness in a type of paperclip, which may or
may not be recognized by an observer who readily uses the artifact.
and this is to suggest that, like a business card or a calling card, such
an artifact could function as a token in its symbolism, if valued, and also
as [signage] that is recontextualized by its surroundings. in other words,
it could function as a cryptographic key potentially, or shared key, or
cipher system, depending on whether or not these encounters with 'networks
of power' are noticed by an observer who can relate to their meaning, or
who is bounded in awareness.
in other words, the paperclip can have a kind of currency, both as a
material object and "informationally" as a form or basis for data exchange,
of ideas, as it relates to shared awareness or as a basis for
communications. and this could and does occur already with other artifacts
in the realm of symbolic communication that as a practice is perhaps best
zoned in paracrypto relations, non-verbal, rich with meaning, adept in
language, yet likely unnoticed by those outside its limits.
so there is a famous instance of a paperclip as money, where a single
paperclip is exchanged and the person eventually ends up with a 2-story
One Red Paperclip
this is not the same idea, though it gets at the current involved in
transactions around a common object in terms of shared value and exchange.
yet this can occur informationally, where the paperclip instead is a symbol
or sign of language, and can establish communication and transmit ideas,
potentially. and thus transfer data or awareness or provide insight. it is
like a silver bullet placed at a crime scene as this relates to its
perpetrator. or an assassin who puts pennies on the eyes of their victim.
yet also not of this same deathly realm necessarily, it could instead
belong to a realm of networking or connection between peoples or indicate
certain parameters which may or may not be valid, given its source. so such
an artifact could be used for communication and carry insight in its use
and application, whereas a mimic or subverter may attempt the same yet it
could be hollow or shallow or misleading, and in a sense, 'collapse the
wave that carries the signal', thus indicating an ungrounded relation or
compromised instance.
in this way, the paperclip of ordinary design can represent this
tradeability as language, by its use as exampled in the url above. and yet
in another mundane environment it may be just like another penny on the
ground, so infinitesimal that it is beyond notice, as if worthless and
subconscious unless needed for use.
and yet another style of paperclip, the butterfly paper clamp, has a
symbolism that goes beyond itself as an icon and maps into another
structure (electric transmissions pylons) and in some sense can represent
these as language, and in a sense, symbolic currency even. in that to share
the artifact could function both by itself as a symbol, though also in a
context of surrounding environment that may function in and reference an
embedded context, as a [sign] in relation to other [signs], and this is how
sentences or more in-depth meaning can be formed beyond the singular event
of 'the symbol' (pylon!) and into statements involving or extending its
meaning, to some threshold of what is possible to communicate in an
abstract realm, given surrounding structures and frameworks of an observer.
in this way an errant paperclip or other symbol strangely located in a
context could call attention to itself through its uniqueness or
out-of-placeness, and in questioning its existence, strange or covert
communication could take place in hidden channels of awareness, beyond the
boundary of others. and in this way, who placed the paperclip or how it got
there could remain a mystery, it could even involve a hidden hand with root
access to establish such scenarios, and this can be a way that
crypto-communciations occur in what can be a paranormal realm, as
statistically unlikely events stack up one after another and establish an
entire universe of non-verbal communication via symbols and signs, in
precisely this way.
there is magic involved, and this connectivity transcends the limits of
computers and hardware and software devices and is primary in establishing
human relations, and advancing shared awareness via referencing truth
within empirical frameworks, using fundamental principles and concepts of
language, via this hidden calculus.
this is the same idea involved in transmuting the word 'cipher' into
'cigar', it is of a similar process of the actualization of these concepts
in the everyday environment as an artifact functions as a cryptographic key
or message yet may remain unnoticed in these dimensions by others.
it is proposed that this Strange Read/Reply Function (SRF) could be a way
of annotating such extra-dimensionality via reinterpretation, misreading,
errors, mistakes, misunderstandings, or other mutations of meaning that
recontextualize yet expand or alter the original condition and perhaps
provide additional insight or bring into question its meaning, via this
dŽtournement. optimized plagiary or [recoding] or [overcoding] or a way of
accessing subtext via another method of deconstruction. thus opening up
interpretation of the text beyond the limit of its referenced [sign] to its
potential or range of [signage], so to evaluate ideas and allow relations
beyond the preconceived boundaries, to access hidden dimensions embedded
within the deep structure of the code, its intersign armature. in this way
at the intersection or juncture of architecture and archaeology, past and
future meeting in the present. do observers relate, and in what structures,
frameworks, dynamics. what is the potential, the boundary, the limit. how
to access the greater truth of N-dimensionality, the nonlinear in linear
context. and thus a conceptual tool to potentially reassign the sign to say
more about it, as this may relate to sets and multisets as parallel,
co-existing computations. perspectives or frames that potentially have a
lot to offer traditional views, such that the ephemera and errata could be
critical in establishing grounding where the assumptions of normative
practices related to sign-based communication (as linear calculation) and
correct interpretation may make it off limits, by default of being wrong or
breaking rules of grammar and-or syntax, versus to acknowledge and allow
the potential for meaning where it exists, unearthed.
--- on randomness ---
it has not adequately been conveyed that artists and artworks can be expert
at this signaling and data exchange via symbolic communication. and this
extends into the entire ecosystem of gallerists and museums and auctioning
of paintings during critical periods, where for instance The Scream will
suddenly dominate the global news cycle -- this becomes a form of widely
distributed communication -- not only in terms of 'selling the paperclip'
and instead the other parallel aspect of using this artifact as a shared
reference, a world line by which other dynamics may be aligned or effected
by its force fields. including art heists likewise. or newly discovered
painting, such as the recent Van Gogh painting of a pot farm.
previously introduced to the ideas of John Cage regarding his use of the I
Ching to generate randomness, i was unable to appreciate its value as a way
to mediate questions of architecture instead of engaging social issues
within design ideas. and i probably am still too limited to understand its
actual relevance in that domain. and yet in a context of cryptography this
same technique could seemingly allow another RNG approach and thus is
mentioned here for those it may interest.
composer John Cage - chance operations
similarly yet differently, in relation to this, graphic symbols could
potentially also be used in a roulette approach for randomness,
slot-machine littoral:
symbols graphic search
--- urls ---
some additional content related to previous ideas...
animal prints confusing zoo animals (a=b)
The Science of Stress, Orgasm and Creativity: How the Brain
and the Vagina Conspire in Consciousness (human code)
Naomi Wolf and Jim Pfaus talk sex // ^related
The Phases of the Moon
Plumage // note: politics and style
(ref. symbol dictionary for more info)
☷ ☶
☱ ☲

@_date: 2013-09-29 17:50:56
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [24] signaling systems 
for twenty years i have been thinking about crypto ideas in the abstract
and at a certain point around Y2K encountered an overview book chock full
of examples of various crypto systems, from earliest days into the
computing present. having a background in architectural study and
independent research, what really captured my interest was the ancient
approach to signaling via what may be called 'communications
infrastructure', in the military sense.
to go once step further into this, it is that a particular physical
structure could be established, a signaling unit [z], which is then
repeated elsewhere at some distance, thus [z2], and that a long chain of
these could be lined up to send a message back and forth through the
connected system:  [z1] <--- [z2] --- [z3] ---> [zN]
obviously this could be connected to present-day computers as electronic
devices that route and forward messages. though consider the same concept
without electromagnetic technology as the foundation and slower than
lightspeed transmission, or having gaps and delays between these
interchanges, such that visual observation and physical motion and symbolic
messaging could be employed and transmit and receive messages over long
distances faster than a rider on horse or perhaps even an airplane.
this references 'the semaphore' as a signaling system- and what i want to
add to this is a typological consideration that has architectural precedent
in this same context. in that if there are signaling stations that are
buildings and have adjustable mechanical arms for signals or codes, that it
is this 'unit' could be considered a typical repeatable construction much
like that of a building type -- that has particular programming in its
design, related to its functioning -- and thus moving from flag signaling
to a 18th c. signaling tower, this "signaling infrastructure" is, in some
way, an early indication of what the circuitboard of civilization will
later develop into when electrified and buildings are plug-and-play in a
coordinated and linked environment, where this signaling is ubiquitous if
not pollutive and yet essentially invisible -- except for the artifacts,
and fragments of this hidden system.
and thus, as with these earlier non-electric and non-electronic
~telegraphic systems, so too their evolution into telegraph, telephone,
broadcast radio & television, cellphone, and data and internet networks
where this signaling occurs at many levels simultaneously within
civilization today.
the reason TYPE is mentioned is because it can help make sense of what is
going on, when considering that some artifacts may be buildings or
connected to them, via tools or systems, whereby evaluation and excavation
of these hidden or subconscious artifacts can help make sense of the
environment that is the context for observation and basic relations today.
(Seeing Cyberspace in some basic sense).
thus the 'semaphore tower' in relation to the broadcast or cellphone towers
of today, in terms of extension and their juxtaposition. for instance, a
'public square' aspect within mass or individual media, channels in these
same realms that were absent in previous signaling and involved gatherings
in buildings or courtyards or theaters, versus television studios and
distributed tv sets.
the larger idea is that, understanding these cybernetic systems requires
understanding the building types and artifacts as components on a
circuitboard, and thus how they function, what their code is, how they are
programmed then allows their internal and external actions to be evaluated
in terms of their own and the overall circuitry involved. so this is
another example of empirical evaluation versus ungrounded relativism,
whereby the latter approach could put bad components into the shared
environment, short-circuit things and use all the energy for itself, and as
long as it is not analyzed or error-corrected in this way, can continue to
do so, etc. this can also be a model of the individual or the entire world,
as circuit, and how computers mediate this condition, within their own
limiting frameworks (which is the binary constraint, and related to issues
of language and signs, as to what is real and can be communicated).
so a conceptualization i have used before to map this out in the
(natural/artificial/virtual) environment is "tools/buildings/systems" to
see how the infrastructure and built environment relate, including its
extension into the hidden or unseen realm of 'cyberspace' that appears
dreamlike by comparison to physical objects. thus the question of what
information actually is, or data, or a 'bit' in terms of its physicality,
and the necessity of having literacy move into a realm of physics to be
able to account for everyday experience and observation in the existing
realms. the environment is saturated with invisible signaling, citizens and
environment including wildlife are being massively radiated by this
electromagnetic approach, that is carrying "data".
so while the signaling may exist in an invisible or impermeable realm to
basic experience and appear wholly intangible as abstract information
disconnected from the known world, it is through the artifacts of
infrastructure that this signaling can begin to be understood- through the
aesthetics of wooden poles and metal pylons and broadcast towers and
microwave and satellite dishes, that the system of transmission and
reception of data, in a realm of powerlines and antennae, begins to have
physicality and groundedness, in terms of direct observation. 'the
internet' is in the wires, it is signaling between the transmitter and
receiver as it is then technically and automatically interpreted - via
signaling units. routers, computers, cellphones, televisions, radios,
encryption devices.
and so in some sense, the data stream is the signaling and there is a
surrounding context or environment this transfer of information is
occurring in. and as conceived, 'the binary' ones and zeroes oftentimes
represent this realm or emblemize it, as if technocratic heraldry which
functions as a shield or coat of arms via various protocols and standards.
and yet as a worldview coursing through the veins of society, "the
perspective" captured or constructed in that data framework could be
grossly inaccurate or out of touch with the real world as it exists and
instead promote a false perspective, due to relying on a structure of
pseudo-truth for 'shared awareness'. thus a huge error rate could be the
foundation of this signaling system as information.
it would be equivalent to using flags to send messages where the messages
are flawed or warped perception, and repeatedly communicating on that basis
for the shared connection. and how the game "telephone" indicates over time
how a signal could degrade via lossy transmission, as this may rely to
substandard ideas even within a digital context.
and thus it is to question the existence of such infrastructure and
artifacts, and their use and potential development in new terms as devices
for signaling and shared communication. what if vastly improved systems are
possible, based on other approaches, where what is on the inside of the
system accurately is modeling what is on the outside and it is in service
to truth, not in denial of it. and in this way, so too cryptology and
cipher systems that could signal beyond the existing conceptions, due to
having a more accurate framework to function within, in that these
signaling components of the circuitboard could be more wide-ranging and
useful than expert and corrupted and devolved technical systems of today,
trapped within ideology. that, the existing collapsed system, is nothing
less than an electromagnetic labyrinth. some day it will be fascinating to
learn from those involved the extent of its mysteries and ongoing intrigue.
--- semaphore signals ---
wikipedia has a disambiguation page for [semaphores]
and so there are flag semaphores
semaphore lines (18th c. semaphore towers)
and these move into remaining infrastructures of today, including rail
and traffic signals (to perhaps include live highway signage)
so imagine that the earliest instances probably involved state
communications in a security/secrecy context, if not diplomatic and related
to connection with remote territory or a boundary, and that that content
moves into the electronic computer network and is zoned into a particular
realm of intra-state and international state-state communication. and
similar typological units or 'mechanisms' for conveying signals abstract
into stop/go/yield for pedestrians and cars, which can be overridden by
police and emergency vehicles and funeral hearses via special switch.  and
thus like a router or some traffic management protocol that is rule-based,
the code of green, yellow, red, is transmitted and received or written and
read as output and used to instruct the data flowing through the system, as
it is accurately interpreted and obliged. and if not, redundancy of
monitoring by police or traffic cameras to mail a ticket and license photo.
and aesthetically it is interesting that 'civilization' the world over
involves these basic infrastructural systems. i have read that colors for
traffic lights may be different in certain countries though am not familiar
with this. and yet, aspects of infrastructure retain a general pattern that
is repeated and 'typical' in terms of systems that repeat and are shared,
even across cultures that can be ideologically apposed yet require similar
technology to function. thus the symbology of the wooden pole, metal tower
as an indication of 'modernization' and in the 1960s, the cobra-head
streetlight as a leading edge of this universal aesthetic of development,
worldwide. so for the electronic signaling system of traffic lights, there
must be a connection to the poles and towers leading back to an electrical
power plant, to complete the circuit. so too, computers the same. wireless
the same. tools, buildings, systems. mapping this out in its functioning.
then it is possible to get a sense of the boundaries involved, the
dimensions, the framework and relations established. including between
componentry itself.
thing is, most traffic signals are probably routed to a central Department
of Transportation that monitors the circuit and involves vast analysis of
traffic flows, timing of schedules and events, and weather, and then
continuously seeks to modify and improve its functioning via small changes
or tweaks that test against hypotheses and modify the system to attempt to
improve it. so imagine there are 2,000 traffic cameras that route into a
traffic monitoring building via network connections and basically this is
the program of the building. its purpose. if it were an external signaling
system those same traffic lights may be sending signals into vehicles and
getting responses back, and reading and writing data in some other
dimensionality and then it would be more like a signaling system of flags
and codes, where it is not just read-only for those vehicles operating
within the system. RFID lane passes and toll booths perhaps. or, in a
disconnected or decentralized realm, GPS dashboard units and satellites as
they feed back to other buildings and monitoring systems which may or may
not be correlated further.
consider a typical home or work computer then, in terms of a signaling
system and cryptography. it is presumed to be able to send data from one
computer to another in any other context, without respect to environment,
and be afforded the right to privacy, secrecy, and security by default. and
the reality is that these [computers] are connected via a power system and
[network] that while they may be interconnected [PC] <--> [PC], also
inherently is connected to other infrastructure within the circuit,
buildings, including powerplant, software companies, network providers, and
in terms of cryptography, the NSA itself as an inherent structural
connection. so like the DoT example above, expecting the NSA to keep on one
side of the windshield no matter the surrounding context may not be
realistic given the environment, if there is compromised circuitry or
short-circuiting by default in the shared/unshared situation. and given
their institutional technical capacity, certainly they have the capacity to
real-time access your dashboard GPS data and vehicle location via
infrastructure, anything in your banking or computer, should that be
legally allowed or required for the vital security of the state, as this
relates to issues of privacy and protection and continuation of the shared
state as an entity. yet what if they were on the other side of this
boundary by ideological default, for most everyone, and leaning so far
forward that all these various infrastructure systems were a means for
doing business and commercialization and populist takeover of state systems
by a particular mindset or aligned group of people. what if the traffic
signal was subverted and you got the wrong color and drive into a
semi-truck and lose your life via such a bizarre glitch, purposive to an
overruling, hostile political agenda that aligns with a hidden
dictatorship. what then.
in other words- what if the NSA has gone political, and so too,
infrastructural systems, tools, buildings and their programming,
functioning against the civilian, human population. where are the
boundaries, limits, what is expected of government, how is it accounted
for, error checked and corrected, what oversight or review of activity, or
is it essentially all off the books now. the potential exists for total
control of civilization by manipulating the local and global infrastructure
against ideological opponents. what is to prevent this if it cannot even be
communicated about or 'observed' due to oppressive actions to shut down
relaying of messages and conditions of mass illiteracy, and thus an
incapacity to relate in the environment that exists.
and so a question may be, to what extent such an infrastructural signaling
system could feasibly be detached from its foundation in military
operations and state security, firstly, such that the NSA or CIA or FBI as
building types with programmatic functioning -would not- be accessing
telecom buildings and their functioning, ISPs, data centers and server
farms, switches and relays, as part of their data monitoring and oversight
of this activity- when or if applicable. that in certain cases it would be
assumed part of the core mission of intelligence, as it relates to
security, secrecy, and privacy. in this way, an archeological excavation of
these systems would seem to indicate that a 'cryptographic software' and
its computing hardware is thoroughly embedded and reliant upon its
monitoring and power providing infrastructure in order to operate- legally,
within a safe and protected domain of appropriate use. though if this is
subverted, then the boundary could seemingly be legitimately crossed by
legalizing covert access and monitoring, if not take-down operations in a
cyberwar scenario, against state enemies. or, in the corrupted version, a
political enemies list of a hidden dictator. such as smashing their
equipment via computer bugs and malware and surveilling everything they do,
to exploit and harass and seek to bring about their demise, using these
same institutions in a short-circuited scenario, where the state itself is
attacking citizens who are operating in an appropriate realm and yet exist
unprotected from aggressions of subverted institutions, revealing a secret
thus, if enough drivers notice the timing is off at traffic lights and have
had their equipment corrupted or data exploited, and have seen strange
accidents or injuries, they may begin to wonder what is "governing" the
inside actions and modeling of infrastructural system-- who is it serving,
or is it trying to harm people via its subversion. and they may lose trust
in using the system because it could be against them, it is only a matter
of time before the wrong-color light is sent to their vehicle, etc. the
integrity of these state operations then relies upon what [ideas] are
governing their functioning, and how they are accounted for, in truth or
pseudo-truth, or some twisted version reliant upon lies, where deception is
now out in the open.
--- on HIOX and signaling ---
long ago discovered the master symbol i refer to as HIOX which is
equivalent to the Union Jack flag and the 16 segment electronic display.
and it was through Plato's Republic that the idea was realized to start
rotating and mirroring alphanumerics and this symbol allows all letters and
numbers to co-exist as a potential, within a single unit or 'bit' as it
were, whereby the set exists: {0-9,A-Z} in a single character. such that if
HIOX were tokenized as an asterisk, the word: b**, would then allow any
combination of those potential letters and numbers as wildcards. this
related to sets and probabilities and language that is not just linear,
moving from left to right and instead, in other dimensionality, (boo, big,
bad, bye, bit, bot, &c).
so i had this idea, get a 16 segment display...
and then a microcontroller board, for me, Parallax BoE
and program the sequence of this alphabetic change as an animation. very
basic yet doable for an electronics illiterate like myself. i think i may
have tried a dual 16 segment display as well. yet could not get to the next
level beyond this, to do larger transformational changes, such as flipping
letters vertical and horizontal across a wider area, retaining original
letters and juxtaposing them in various ways, such as:
  b d
  p
This approach would require more display area, and the goal was to get at a
word or sentence level and be able to explore these transmutative aspects
of alphanumerics as language. so there are dot matrix LED displays yet my
skills and limited understanding were not capable of getting there, at the
higher pin-out counts required and with other custom IC controllers to make
it work. thus it bounded further exploration.
for me the larger purpose of this was related to cryptography and the
exploration of language broken down into its elemental patterns, as these
form a kind of calculus. and as this could further become the basis for
analysis, and hardware and software development in terms of signaling. for
instance, running b against d may result in o, or II.
since that time 10 years ago, the microcontroller market has taken off and
now there are many options to choose from, including Arduino which I have
no experience with and do not know if it is as ease-of-use as the Parallax
system was for an absolute beginner. though there are tremendous resources
and options for these microcontrollers or "custom programmable" integrated
circuits (basically transistors and resistors in centipede-looking chips)
that have interfaces to computers, and various modules that can be modified
via existing codes and tutorials to get in the vicinity of project goals.
here are a few examples of this...
SparkFun Electronics- Arduino microcontrollers
if you know what you are doing, and where to start, perhaps it is fairly
doable. especially if you have others to ask for assistance if a dead-end
is encountered. otherwise it could seem daunting for the beginner who has
no electronics background. and yet it seems step-by-step, beginners
resources are available to begin this exploration process.
the thing is, with a microcontroller platform, it is then possible to
further explore this HIOX signaling via electronic LED displays... and yet
again the format of the displays becomes an issue, for what is required
versus what exists, and the level of complexity to do simplest, most manual
transformations via writing code bit by bit to change 'graphics'.
tutorial example: Controlling RGB Matrices with Arduino
so what this amounts to is a bounded realm of LED display technologies
driven by custom-programmed microcontrollers that could potentially be used
for rudimentary explorations of HIOX signaling as basic cryptographic
research, in its potential versus incapacity to make any headway along
these lines given personal, resource, and technology limits. so while for
me this is all about proving ideas of 3-value and N-value logic via
experimental demonstrations, it turns out not possible to pursue. and thus
these words versus artifacts, a working signaling system in its more
developed conception, where computation, mathesis, and signage is involved.
even beyond a realm of software-based encryption. something else, beyond.
thus for an LED matrix, hand coding each alphanumeric letter and number and
their transformation is basically endless bureaucracy and total friction to
such experimentation, and the size of the arrays is off (displays need odd
number of pixels for centering of master symbol, and spacing of array of
multiple symbols). and, also, LCD just is not as cool as LED in this realm,
so really wanted to keep it in this semaphore context, versus that of a
'screen', more an external sign or transformable "electronic flag"
8x8 RGB LED Matrix Display Module
Two 8x8 RGB LED Matrix - Fire Effect (new version)
How to drive an led display matrix.
Adafruit RGB LED Matrix
24x16 RGB LED Matrix
so the thing is, if there was already software that mapped out letters and
calculations to transform them or establish and 'compute' relations, then
it could be plug and play exploration and things could go beyond talking
about letters and numbers on a display-- except this is not possible in the
given frameworks- and it scales up to larger store displays and mega
displays likewise-- it is coded within a certain relation to language that
removes the [sign] of its graphic information and instead each alphanumeric
needs to be reconstructed individually as a graphic bitmap, seemingly, in
order to start this process. language is not conceptualized in a way to
allow it to be explored as a signal itself, only as a representation of
signaling. thus everything is from scratch and the bigger you think, the
more impossible it is to do because it is like trying to build a pyramid
from individual pieces of sand. it is not a viable approach.
and yet the potential is quite extraordinary, for instance if a 3D array of
LED lights could model a letter 3-dimensionally within its matrix, and
allow letters to be twisted or mirrored, if only software could allow for
this, and displays were built around this functionality... thus,
eventually, such novelties could also have a signaling dimension,
conceptually, even if only as artwork that takes code and makes patterned
permutations-- basically the same thing this device may be programmed to
do, though with alphanumerics or its de|con-struction...
LED Cube 8x8x8 running on an Arduino
(in that, what if i want to spin the letters A and X and G at different
speeds in a word, and then letters H and W vertically, while rotating the
letter N)
--- conceptual backgrounder ---
so visiting the Walker Art Center about 30+ years ago, encountered
paintings of Jasper Johns that were a 7-segment LED display (0-9 plus hex)
in painted form, which got me thinking... and then years later at the same
museum, artist Jenny Holzer had a mind-blowing exhibit of LED displays
running streams of scrolling and blinking red illuminated text, statements
and ideas, that tied into this fascination with language in its other
functioning, as if conceptual data or running code. and the idea of
programming language was involved with this idea of HIOX, to be able to
create equations and algorithms to transform alphanumerics in a context of
display. i just did not know you could not do it, that it was not modeled
or conceived this way. yet the boundary kept me from exploring it any
further, beyond serial writing of perspective, trapped in the code-limits,
as i remain here. note the electronic context for linguistics... in that
ideas of code and programming could exist outside the computer, firstly,
and in a realm of signs and signage and their interplay in signaling
systems, more as traditional data relay. also, the primacy of aesthetics in
this, electromagnetic yet tangibly grounded in the world in a most familiar
way, using read/write systems in various contexts (truisms in stone, LED
signs) though also that there is a poetic dimension inherent in this
approach, and likewise could exist within code and programming and
signaling likewise...
Jenny Holzer - artist info
Sounding the Alarm, in Words and Light (2009)
Jenny Holzer: "Projection for Chicago" (amazing video of her work)
google image search: various examples of her LED signage
so the situation that exists at this/that point is that i myself can
operate a 16 segment LED display via a Parallax microcontroller, yet cannot
get beyond this limit. and then the options that exist for larger signage,
towards the scale of displays that Jenny Holzer uses, is likewise limited
by its conception or protection of language as a pre-defined graphic
element that cannot be broken down into its constituent parts or elements
(like individual segments of a 16 segment display) and instead forces these
considerations into an enormous bitmap animation scenario, making
electronic pointillism unto madness. so in terms of software-- it is all
dumb, in terms of [signs] as the language elements exist as concepts- as if
INVIOLABLE. meaning, beyond questioning. a rigid limit or assumption or
threshold that locks-down interpretation and requires letters, words, and
numbers be that and not some aspect of them. and thus a typo is only and
ever an error, never an insight into the deeper structuring. nothing
conceptual allowed about language as a metaphysical system of symbolic
communication. nothing of numbers and their symbolism. nothing of signs in
relation to calculation as this equates with establishing logic. mirroring,
none of it. tools would need to be re-conceived and programmed this way.
and so for awhile i investigated these signs and realized the limits
involved, and would have attempted an art project to reinterpret the
display yet do not have the programming skills needed to explore ideas
beyond the existing context, and it would likely take significant
programming effort to allow the type of HIOX exploration imagined,
developing various approaches and techniques and routines for such
dimensional transformation of language as code. the initial question begins
with 3|E and its relation between number and letter as this relates to
paradox and logic, and then moves far beyond this into calculations, and
exploring the calculus of various set combinations and permutations. yet
software tools and models do not exist to do this. though an issue like
color display could be added, as with a traffic light, and further bring
out relations amongst patterns embedded in a given linguistic and
mathematic context... again, as this relates to signaling. ways of
perceiving 'wave function' of data that collapses into one framework or
another, based on superposition and observer relations.
Electro E Programmable Tri-Color LED Sign Display 11.5 x 41
M1000 Large Alphanumeric Display 2" to 4.5"
the graphic-based Vorne display (url directly above) seemed to have the
most potential in terms of programmability, perhaps defining a letter as a
graphic object that could then be flipped or turned, as an image, yet it
seemed infeasible to pursue without the programming ability to shape the
code which may be more difficult than an educational microcontroller in
defining what happens or how, and reliant upon technical support that
probably is bounded to words and sentences versus artistic or pure
research, into display systems, for conceptual communication.
so while Jenny Holzer is working at a wild scale within this
(light-emitting diode) electronic display as an artistic medium, the medium
itself in its technical configuration does not allow a questioning of the
language that inhabits the display nor its [sign]=[sign] assumption, that
limits what the language can say, bounded to a finite construct that while
traditional is also linear and rigid, whereas stock market number displays
could be constantly transforming or updating numbers or scheduling displays
could change one city to another, and yet letters and words themselves have
no such 'higher functionality' than being static objects, unrelated to
anything else structurally or conceptually- yet linguistically this is a
false perspective. they are highly related, letters and numbers and signs
are connected via common structures and emerge out of them, such as an M
and W or 3 and E, or all of these in a single instance. and yet that
turning or rotation or flipping is off-limits in the display model-- yet it
is where the code begins, and programming of other language interactions in
calculus-like trans transformative relations.
the thing is: this is a semaphore!  display this on a wall in your
apartment or home, program it for messaging, and point it out the window
and you have a relay-based visual system for sharing data that can be
encrypted within a shared key cipher system. not for nefarious purposes,
potentially as artistic display of the beauty of alphanumerics, such as
tessellation patterns that are based on these geometric dynamics, as well
as typographic tessellations... (note: my research work preceded this)
By Zuzana Licko
in any case, a potential exists for structures and patterns of language and
number, mathematics even, to be recontextualized via electronic displays
and reconceptualized as language and in turn, cipher systems. in that the
~idea of code and programming could be different than existing approaches
to mediating [signs] within a linear single perspective framework. it could
be a situation involving /superposition/ within language, and 3-value and
N-value logic, versus only binary interpretations; correct display versus
alternative forms of communicative display. and this taken into an
environment of ubiquitous commercial signage, networked 'electronic
billboards' of a given ideological disposition to semiotics and fixed ideas
about image-based POVs, versus breaking it down, investigating it as data,
considering its potentials and dimensionality in terms of signaling,
patterns, data, symbols, calculation, perception, perspective, limits,
thresholds, boundary, skew, meaning, relativism, parallel observation,
zoning, secrecy, infrastructure, covert communication, networks, literacy,
translation, ciphers, etc.
--- tangible examples ---
so imagine you have an electronic display like the Vorne signage above and
it can hold and display a bit string, that another observer can relate to.
and they hold their phone up to the display and software evaluates it and
outputs some transformed version based on its expansion and-or a shared
key. else, that certain letters or numbers or patterns emerge from the
noise based on an algorithm. or that it is infrared or UV and looked at a
display in those frequencies reveals other data, say with a digital camera.
and thus a QR-code like potential to convey information though abstracted
or embedded in what appears to be or is a noisefield.
else, it could be a sign on a house, and used as an encryption system to
allow a courier to leave a message or open a e-commerce delivery portal and
leave a package, via scanning data and verifying identity against matched
network records. or, it could be data on a building, viewed as if by
microwaves or laser miles distant, or telescope, whose encryption can be
unlocked in a given perspective though not in others, via line of sight
communications. in the sense the signaling can be changed and altered, it
is as if a flag based signaling system of N-potential flags in an unknown
library of a bounded infinity, more ocean than fishbowl, even for an 8x8
display, versus 3,000 by 300, etc.
the code potential in this, the ability to program and explore alphanumeric
and patterned structure, is extraordinary, perhaps even unprecedented as a
communications medium, beyond or outside of the framework of a computer and
into questions of signs and signage and symbols themselves. like in some
cases the metaphysics of charcoal, pencils, and pens need to be worked-out
in terms of language, before having a sense of what laser printing is
really capable of and how it is different and yet extends other principles
further along, yet remains connected to what preceded it in a shared realm
of language. so too, electronic displays as signage ("Great White Way"
lighting and advertising of electrification; ~Learning from Las Vegas
analysis of signage infrastructure), that their may be more to it than the
default interpretation inside computers, when formatted by binary ideology
that has pretty much everything wrong, conceptually.
what if the signage and cellphones were an encryption platform. what if
signaling occurred between signage and vehicles and allowed zoned
interactions with regard to information though also secrecy and security
issues. what if such signage and display was a type of chalkboard for
calculation or modeling of ideas or learning about logic or other
conceptualization. what if it even connects with rituals, such as holiday
lights or decorations and could exist as a subsystem of a dwelling,
mediating an interior and exterior relation, threshold or boundary. in that
it functions as a traffic light in some instances, an electronic relay of
information in others, a house address in others, or electronic dropbox.
this is infrastructure, tools, building, systems.
yet it has a vital functional role matched into its aesthetics. it is not
just a dumb display screen to transmit dumb data. it has deeper and more
imaginative purpose.
--- where its at today ---
thus as stated nothing occurred to develop this HIOX approach into a
signaling system. it would need to be collaborative and supported as basic
research. manufacturers would likely have to be involved to potentially
change circuitry to allow for new functionality even, in that this could be
more an issue of computation than it is at present, where it is more that
of display alone. and so the gap between the idea and the existing reality
is that the tools are themselves limited in what can happen, and available
techniques are bounded to only certain interpretations that are biased to
particular tried-and-true display outputs. and so even a larger scale more
capable electronic display is locked-down in its capacity to ask and
explore these questions. and the pointillist condition establishes an
impossible barrier that cannot be surpassed within the given framework,
without conceiving of a better way to develop a prototype display, a
proof-of-concept that demonstrates and can validate the approach via
experiments open to peer-review and extension by involved others, as a new
platform of pattern-based signaling.
instead of the large LED display, the large electronic canvas needed for
the scale of the inquiry (bit set at sentence or paragraph length, versus
letters and word), its lack of computability then offers no benefit to a
smaller and equally incapable mini 32 x 32 LED matrix, in that the problems
are only compounded at the larger scale and remain daunting, infeasible,
and yet -- it is the very same underlying concept taken back into the
original 16 segment LED display (aka HIOX), that if combined in a larger
array or display format, does allow this segment-based breakdown of the
numbers and letters to occur and could be used in a realm of computation,
just not at an integrated scale. consider this pinball LED display...
Data East Dual 16 Digit Alphanumeric LED Display
this to me, in a context of bit sets and bit strings, has a computational
potential built-into the display itself, given how the software processes
the code, and how well the code can map into the various structures and
retain readability, even though not effectively aligned due to vertical
distance. those 32 digits each have a potential for at least 26 letters and
10 numerals, which makes it a multiset with 2-level potential of:
this is far beyond trillions of set combinations and permutations. there
are likely incomputable numbers here, not even considering the alphabet
dimensions, in terms of probabilities. what this really is, in terms of
N-value logic is an array of 32 wildcard variables that could be anything...
[ * ][ * ][ * ][ * ][ * ][ * ][ * ][ * ][ * ][ * ][ * ][ * ][ * ][ * ][ *
][ * ]
[ * ][ * ][ * ][ * ][ * ][ * ][ * ][ * ][ * ][ * ][ * ][ * ][ * ][ * ][ *
][ * ]
and thus, in a larger consideration of display potential (not limited by
size of the 'pixel' or bit), infinity upon infinity could be nested within
these interset relations, one variable in relation to others, in various
nonlinear patterns. and this could occur graphically, as if glyphs or
symbols or various emergent proto-signage.
whereas, for a digital, binary viewpoint, in 2-values, the same potential
for display as literal number, could be entirely finite and bounded:
and thus, once adding in 'neutral' or unknown (n) of 3-value logic into
this fixed idea of binary language, strange dynamics and possibilities are
opened up within these limited sign systems, and the processing becomes
indeterminate and can be paused or begin to loop, remaining in an undecided
or questioning state....
and then with N-value logic, the wildcards transform everything, and the
one and zero absolutes are the exception, a contingency assumption, always
looping to test against the model and its assessment, versus a forgone
conclusion. and in this way, the signs of language and mathematics.
--- Tenori-on ---
in my explorations i discovered one tool that had the potential of a
HIOX-based signaling system, the Yamaha Tenori-on electronic music
TENORI-ON Product Demo Performance
Yamaha website - software version
what intrigued me about this platform was that it was conceived as a visual
instrument in addition to musical, so that the LEDs and the sequencing of
sound were matched, and patterns could be programmed into the device and
shared as a visual display. the fact that it is a sequencer is very
important, in terms of looped permutation of data, if considering the
display. and yet it remains in a linear time framework by default and
limited capacity to explore anything related to HIOX beyond the given
context, yet exists a potential tool likewise. such that it feasibly could
be used for signaling, as a semaphore.
if attaching it a radio-controlled plane or drone, it could send
alphanumeric display messages via persistence of vision, spelling out data
across the sky via electronic sky writing. or it could be held up at a
distance and burst a message that is captured via video recording and
spotting scope, and when the recording is played back, its message could be
spelled out frame by frame or perhaps exists in an encrypted or hidden
format, say UV or other LEDs that make it look inert and in a state of
non-display, when instead transmitting information or data.
to me this is a semaphore system. and its additional uniqueness was that it
was designed to be connected at a distance to another Tenori-on via network
connection, as if a telegraph, and the music on one device would appear on
the other and each would be able to manipulate the common screen and light
patterns in real-time. how amazing is that? amazing enough to discontinue
develop the product unfortunately. it is perfect for music therapy at a
distance, musical education, if it had more capacity for experimentation
(versus being limited in what is allowed to occur, musically) and thus it
was of limited use as an instrument for those who make music, too
constrained in operation. and yet, idea-wise, it has tremendous potential
as a platform for communication, whether musical or pattern based; and
taken into the above context, signaling, code, programming, semaphore.
tablet software is not the same idea.
--- today ---
thus, when writing emails about logic, it is trapped within this
inescapable coded and programmed context of binary ideology. what can
happen is only what is allowable or possible within the existing
constraints and frameworks, and thus this description of the idea is more
than can be done within the technology itself, as it is ideologically
formatted. in terms of tool use. to enter into a cryptographic context,
computation of bit sets and relaying signals would require developing new
circuits based on 3-value and N-value logic, computer architectures that
allow the code to exist and be processed as it exists, as information in a
grounded model of contingent truth. perhaps even establishing a means for
entanglement between such systems. until then, it seems description and
representation within existing systems would be bounded to a prototype
condition, showing the idea, conceptualizing it, rather than actualizing it.
dim sum, banh mi, sashimi

@_date: 2013-09-29 17:54:21
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: steganography & mimic function? (Re: [17] hidden links) 
References:  <1380476988.13261.0.camel
 <20130929185331.GA26007
(only following orders...)
guess will find out how many anarchists it takes to kick me off the list...

@_date: 2013-09-29 20:50:03
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: steganography & mimic function? (Re: [17] hidden links) 
References:  <1380476988.13261.0.camel
 <20130929185331.GA26007
yeah- heard it through the wire its a rough crowd over there...
not worth being stabbed by a ham while walking down the street
also, best to avoid the pyre if at all possible, re: fool/fuel use
has me wondering about the two crypto lists in conjunction,
if a census has been conducted or online survey for background
in that, seemingly there are two or three main areas i am guessing
for crypto backgrounds-- those from the military, those from academia,
mathematics and-or linguistics, & those from computers/webdev
for instance, percentage of ham operators in given age ranges
how many had a parent with electronics or engineering background
how many approached via software development online or pre-internet
it would be interesting to know how the list populations are different
e.g. perhaps older, military trained crypto at the cryptography-list
more computer-based, software development crypto at cypherpunks
also in this same regard; how many learned electronics during era
of crystal radio building etc. or other DIY independent exploration or
homebrew computing or are now involved in microcontrollers today, etc.
and in this same way it would be interesting if more projects/classes/
education could occur for electromagnetic literacy in electronics today
as a foundation for both knowledge and skills yet also experimentation,
prototyping, new code, programming, proof-of-concept crypto systems
that move from ideas into hardware and software models, vice-versa

@_date: 2013-09-29 21:17:17
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: steganography & mimic function? (Re: [17] hidden links) 
References:  <1380476988.13261.0.camel
 <20130929185331.GA26007
 <1380506517.25421.15.camel
nothing out of the ordinary here.
nong shim, black, gourmet spicy, kimchi

@_date: 2014-01-01 13:57:48
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
References: <4dcbb04f7c2c485eb43d18e222b0f9a8
 <20131231051456.GC25536
 <52C3257D.6000707 <52C40252.1040506
Can an openly avowed combat on the technologies of political
i was having difficulty understanding what was meant or implied
by the use of 'combat _on the technologies of political control',
if this is 'combat against' the technologies, or combat using the
the technologies, in that they function as weapons platforms and
could be leveraged this way. (perhaps it is both-and ∨ either-or)
an example related to this, in terms of an existing interpretative
gap that was referenced in relation to the 30c3 presentation, is
that a category like "signals intelligence" can be understood in
a confined framework reliant upon certain known technologies,
and thus a context is established by standardizing this belief
such that signals intelligence may relate to computers and-or
conversations, encryption, and accessing various such signals
i think what is missing in this default view is, again, the context
of evaluation that may be predetermined to a larger extent, thus
formatting views and beliefs and reasoning, the frameworks used
for analysis and conversation and relation about such dynamics,
underlying issues, to gauge and discern whatever truth is made
accessible within those constraints and parameters. yet it may
also be overly limiting, reliant upon narrow categorization that
occludes or leaves out other relevant and vital information/data
such that 'signals intelligence' likely also co-exists in a context
of human physiology, and that those signals are highest value
in terms of behavioral control and modification, via surveillance
that moves into active attacks against targets (using wireless)
thus, a question regarding neurology and mass surveillance is
squarely located in a context of signals intelligence as it relates
to hacking human physiology and psychology and "intelligence"
in the literal- to include both brainwave signals and nerve paths
and signals of the body, the nervous system as this platform
therefore, signals intelligence without neurology is missing the
major salient at the front line of this war, the context involving
drugs both prescribed and 'illegal' yet managed by hegemons,
and thus psychiatry and neurology and other fields/disciplines
are likely structurally involved in unaccounted for dimensions
of mass surveillance as these systems are weaponized and
used for remote control management via secret methodology
this can be related as a condition to culture, how awareness
is and is not developed within certain parameters, as to how
'categories' exist, such as crypto or computer science, these
separate from medical school issues in a university context,
unless those specialists somehow bridge the gap within an
interdisciplinary framework, which likely would be secretive,
especially if it goes against rules, law, human rights, etc, in
a context of war of terror, war of drugs, war by psychiatrists
and war by neurologists against noncompliant citizenry, etc
the issue then of 'excavating the present' in a wider or larger
context than may be normalized and standardized, to make
sense of known parameters that exceed existing boundaries
of established ideology within a field or discipline, this very
'fixed-idea' of something then bounding/narrow interpretation,
unquestioning, censored or disallowed or uninquisitiveness
then becoming its own security by keeping out anomalies
to attain unrealistic clean-room analysis more and more
detached from reality and realistic accounting, instead
more about shaping a worldview that could be inaccurate
or limited or bounded to a certain interpretation that is
part of the problem, an incapacity to relate to what exists
in the terms it exists in, which can be both a problem of
language and also of consciousness, though involves the
way thinking occurs, reasoning, processing of information
in given frameworks, perhaps not as accurate as believed
the school system and institutions of education reinforcing
this, programming or formatting ideology beliefs that then
support this faulty framework, normalized, require its view
for relation, exchange, debate, social dynamics, hierarchy,
which instills, relies upon and defends a false perspective
as if by default the most accurate view of 'reality' because
it is shared, operative, used as the common language and
viewpoint for further programming, as if of common value,
yet this value is in pattern-matching of language (sign=sign)
and does not involve grounding this language with truth itself
(sign=truth). in this way, an illusion is involved that becomes
'consciousness' of shared language as if this is shared truth,
simply by communicating beliefs that if matched are true.
it is a fallacy, a massive self-deception of civilization itself,
most individuals operating within these parameters by default
and trained to do so, after being indoctrinated and formatted
by the education system into the correct belief that defer and
serve this false authority which ignores and denies other truth
outside the prevailing opinions that serve this private reasoning
i keep trying to write to this idea, yet it is difficult to access
without seeming out-of-place... it is that this default condition
involves the issue of context, what is perceived to already exist,
though when widening this framework to include other 'hidden'
or unsupported or unacknowledged or unallowed dimensions
 and parameters, it then _recontextualizes the situation within
a wider range and realm of inquiry and interpretation that, if
structural, would provide more data to test and modify given
hypotheses and would allow more realistic frameworks for
issues involved, such that 'computing' is not a separate realm
from other disciplines, nor architecture, nor linguistics, etc.
and there is this aspect, this taking account of the existing
situation that is equivalent in some sense to archaeology, in
that it is dealing with fragments and assemblages, structures
and connections, layers and analyses across large spans of
time and geographies that can include shared ∨ unshared
cultural traits, in this way typologies such as pottery can be
interpreted distinctly within a given culture yet likewise share
attributes or skills with other development in other cultures,
and these relations map into the artifacts, documenting the
relations between peoples and beliefs and practices, as it
is written within aesthetics, plans, rituals, peoples, and
their organization and development. thus to delve into this
realm of context and recontextualization involves opening
up a wider framework or scaffolding and testing hypotheses
and evaluating situations and analysing them in comparison
to other cultures, times, places, to learn what attributes are
common, structural, providing information in their presence
within the assemblage, what this divulges about practices,
from known data, modeling, other research, excavations
and larger hypothesis. (this instead of just focusing upon
fragments in a given context as if the universal viewpoint,
and as it relates to disciplines separated into categories
that may be more about signage than the truth involved).
so, what if everyone is educated in 'history' that is devoid
of accounts of this predominant 20th c. technology in the
present day, that people are using as tools & that form the
basis for employment, career, livelihoods, social relations.
it is like having someone document or analyse the bronze
age without mentioning the role of metals in this situation;
yet that is how the school system functions in its ideology,
technology is made contextless, it does not relate within a
traditional model of history except as servant to 'our goals'
instead of defining and determining them as its own ideology,
that technical values replace human values, and thus, binary
processing of computers the ideal thinking for humans in an
educational system where memorization and playback of
known variables and data are core skills for peoples now
dumbed down to machine-functioning, trained for this as
if higher evaluation, the ability to repeat others beliefs in
a conformist approach to authority, hierarchical authority
where 'truths' are known because of pattern matching of
language, never accessing/addressing logical evaluation
beyond the binary, making all thought superficial, hollow
as it relates to, through, extends this systematic POV
that becomes the basis for social relations, exchange,
development, the ideology of culture, tools themselves

@_date: 2014-01-01 16:37:03
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
References: <4dcbb04f7c2c485eb43d18e222b0f9a8
 <20131231051456.GC25536
 <52C3257D.6000707 <52C40252.1040506
need to clarify this statement...
it is a view that presupposes money has become detached
from truth, thus in its deteriorated or corrupted state, it is
equivalent to or tends towards base ignominious relations
sidenote: regarding taxation, for materialists
     taxes = morality
    -whereby-
     money = absolute truth
taxation becomes tithing for the atheistic 'church of state' that
has as its communion a monetary unit separated from its truth
this enforcement of taxation by ideologues is confirmation of faith
in money as value, as morality, as highest framework of evaluation,
money determining authority, status, 'goodness', success, "truth"
it is value removed of truth, and turns the sign ($) into truth incarnate]
money is not backed by truth (!!!) -- the commitment (in god we trust)
is ultimately an issue of establishing shared truth as a basis for trust,
instead this is replaced by a simulated or appearance or mimicry of it,
yet without the social commitment to ensure fairness in the exchange
instead: money is backed by 'nothing'- nothingness is the ideology
that becomes the value, the shared lie is the basis for exchange that
then allows onesided exploitation and entropic movement of falsity
into the domain of truth, seeking to represent and replace it, while
seeming or appearing to uphold its value while subverting/destroying it
in this way, broken goods and corrupted items are exchanged for
money that makes this exchange _legal via the shared lie, use of
language (of law) to enforce and protect this exchange (via falsity
that is structural, allowing onesided exploitative practices to occur)
and enforced by rules and regulations, against citizens // entropy
the issue of quality, of exchange that is backed by moral obligation
then is short-circuited, allowing 'shit' to be exchanged, as if equal
exchange when instead subverted, sabotaged, weaponized, such
that equipment is sold broken, made toxic, triggered to break in or
out of warranty, via planned obsolescence & other subversive tactics
'truth' has been devalued and thus unfair exchange normalized, by
those who have more power and gain more in the exchange via the
institutionalized RIPOFF, via currency itself, divorced from truth,
where appeals can only goto nothingness as common denominator
as there is no obligation beyond the private self and its power within
such a totally corrupt state as defended, protected by "quasi-law"
that is removed of truth, and instead uses the power of language
that amounts to 'share opinions' to enforce common viewpoints
and social relations, hierarchy, institutional privilege, wealth, as
if of higher truth implicitly, for its benefit to the 'larger reality' that
is itself based in falsity, upheld as if greater awareness, value, in
these warped materialistic terms- against people, nature, life itself
this becoming the state, losing its soul, replaced by nothingness
at its core, then outlawing questioning of this condition as if illegal
the US was not built upon this premise, it is a complete and total
subversion of originating principles, absolute corruption of its cause,
of relations between people, their organization in a shared situation,
governance, role of fair exchange, equal rights. instead, some have
more rights than others, their rights take away others peoples equal
rights, and this has become normalized, this imbalanced viewpoint,
belief system, as if natural, moral, basis for exchange, determination
of what is true by who it benefits, etc. its ideological core: pure evil
(that is, those serving falsity, attempting to extinguish truth from life)
jsl0w  wio1s  7s90x

@_date: 2014-01-02 12:04:06
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Fw: Hi, I'm from the government and I'm here to screw you 
References: <52C4D85E.80300
 <1388654131.8008.YahooMailNeo
observation:  with regard to illegal and fraudulent tactics used in
your prosecution, court case, appeal, etc. it is wondered if the
corrupt actions of individuals may go beyond a severawl government
employees acting this way in isolation, and instead involve a hidden
or structural approach, such as a domestic FISA-like program, where
their actions are protected and so they are not concerned with issues
of their own wrong doing because they are acting as part of a larger
organized, coordinated effort. perhaps beyond normal processes though
still 'legal' due to secret laws or secret hearings or decisions
allowing this activity to occur. it seems more likely that activity
like this is signed-off-on by someone with authority than not, unless
there is total lawlessness within government and bureaucracy. i do not
know enough to know though tend to believe the fraudulent activities
must be structural not anomalous, given their coordination and purpose
to convict and create endless problems with the bureaucracy.
about the V2V cars- what is the likelihood that automobiles are _not
tagged in some way, just like computers, given that location or other
data is critically important and perhaps more easily accessible or
tracked outside of a particular environment, say run-ups to meetings
or whatever, the timeliness of data as it approaches a meeting point,
thus ramps up in criticality, say if a cellphone conversation decides
actions minutes before an encounter. or, to scan a city for someone
via satellites, pinging the missing submarine from satellite. given
highest priority to own every computer, how likely is it that vehicles
are not already being tracked, regardless of 'known technology' that
then brings this tracking into the open. even if via passive means,
giant RFID in the sky/net, say serial  that reflect back with
vehicle title databases, mapping geographies this way, 100,000
vehicles return signals, as if looking at asphalt and concrete heavens
using astronomy software to parse star/car-names. either installed in
new vehicles by default, or when serviced if a focused customer.
perhaps not advanced beyond passive ping, though are vehicles really
driving around autonomously besides redlight cameras and speed traps?
doubt it.

@_date: 2014-01-02 17:44:06
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: phenomenologic (urls) 
(disclaimer: ideas and concepts in my cypherpunks posts can be put to
use and extended by others, including for product improvements and
product development. there is no patent, copyright or other
restriction, including no requirement of monetary compensation for
application of these ideas which are intended to provide constructive
feedback for the improvement and refinement of involved tools,
ecosystems, technologies, processes. saying this so lawyers do not
prevent related experiment, exploration, innovation, advancement.)
--- on search ---
URL/URI as new library card catalog system, hunt & peck for data
'organization' via Google akin to this, front-end sans knowledge,
structure hidden from view, no benefit - all the data relations;
basically a memory-locating device, internet as disk sector R/W;
no integrated ideas on the internet, all atomized, local particles
[video] Volcanic lightning captured in a bottle // wild!
Earthquake lights linked to rift environments, subvertical faults
"Timing and distance to the epicenter vary widely. Most EQL are seen
before and/or during an earthquake, but rarely after, suggesting to
the authors that the processes responsible for EQL formation are
related to a rapid build-up of stress prior to fault rupture and rapid
local stress changes during the propagation of the seismic waves.
Stress-activated mobile electronic charge carriers, termed positive
holes, flow swiftly along stress gradients. Upon reaching the surface,
they ionize air molecules and generate the observed luminosities."
basic info: Earthquake light
--- paradigms ---
Welcome to the Age of the Upgrade
Everyone is an early adopter now, and it is glorious
comment: i was reading the above article and started to disagree with
the analysis perhaps not understanding its viewpoint, though it is an
interesting question to consider. reminds of the role of change in
establishing new cultural relations, these before software, perhaps in
some way related to the idea of upgrade, though also huge cultural
shifts in approach and functioning that today seem to operate in other
scales or degrees.
the largest shift, in terms of my research, was pre- to
post-electrification. which was the ur- or uber-upgrade path for
individual and civilization. this shift could be seen culture-wide as
it was happening. notable was the change in watches available in
catalogs, from old windups to quartz, battery-based mechanisms, and
then full-on digital interfaces that visually moved from an analog
dial (related to the circular day/night cycle) to digital (simple
7-segment display of LED to eventual liquid crystal display, tending
towards HIOX display matrices). so that structure of 12hrs mapped to
day and night becomes lost to simple views of numbers (1:24, 9:19)
when a sign or indicator then says 'am/pm' as this cyclical indicator.
L. Mumford had very interesting observations about the clock, its
development, in how it once related to nature and then replaced it,
day & night becoming lost to time of the non-stop machinery.
watches are quite interesting, wonder if anthropologists might delve
into this someday, where wind-up mechanism of expensive wristwatches
with watch winders still are in use as status symbols of earlier value
system of the art of watchmaking, commoditized, fetishized today in
era of mainly electronic, mass produced versions. lots here in terms
of culture, values, relations. skills, tradition, change, viewpoints.
then, emerging 'smart watches' to arrive in this situation,
transforming another artifact into a 'computer' (as with CRT->HDTV,
refrigerators, toasters, etc).
question then might be: does the transition from old watch technology,
non-electric, to the electronic version constitute an upgrade. just
as, old wash basin and clothes scrubber and clothing line, to washing
machine and clothes dryer. i think it does. this is electrification
and then a follow-on, advanced level (qua 'composite' order) of
computation as further structure and detailing or pre-electric tools,
techniques, technologies, artifacts, processes.
in another way, more subtle, something like a horse-drawn carriage and
an automobile, though it seems this is about animals and combustion
engine locomotion (oil power) and not of an electrical paradigm- and
yet it is the spark plug and battery that are vital to its design and
that developed into support system for a/c, radio, power windows,
lights, etc. yet it is an embedded system, as if electrical system is
subconscious in certain technologies more than in others (who even
thinks of the spark plug as electrical device, in sustaining
combustive explosions to move vehicles, meaning non-experts who drive
cars in general population).
so perhaps there is ambiguity in that electrical subsystems are
structural or even hidden away from view. do people understand their
cars or watches as technology? are they literate about how they work,
in the same way as how the world is fit together in its physics, etc.
in most cases, no. this is not something taught to people in an
educational setting. non-issue.
music provides what may be a most accessible view of this situation,
of a paradigm shift as it may relate to the idea of upgrade, in that
the folk music tradition of acoustic guitar then was challenged by use
of electric guitar by Bob Dylan, upsetting the sensibility of how
music was conceived of in terms of cultural values mapping to certain
instruments and their sound. or something approximating a given
understanding that was then brought into question by going outside
those parameters, via electrical guitar. never mind that microphones
are used and amplifiers, also electric, in ordinary stage situations.
so issues of audio reproduction are already in the mix (hah),
including sound stage audio mixing, cables, recording performance and
playback via records, magnetic tapes. and so the magnetic pickups on
the electric guitar apparently was sacrilege to some, and transformed
a particular relation to music, sound, song, and it seems that Dylan
was at the pivot point of these various cultural forces. (so too, if
not mistaken, his father was an electrician.)
was this use of electric guitar over miked and amplified acoustic
guitar an upgrade of sorts, in terms of music instruments. is it a
choice or a necessity, in certain frameworks. is there some momentum,
that changes the parameters or the consideration, solutions for
pending or other scenarios, where it is an improved approach (thus,
perhaps innovation). aesthetically, within a context of music, did the
electric sound capture some ineffable essence otherwise out of reach
of acoustic instruments to convey, perhaps harshness or technical
tones or detachment or some other ephemeral quality or condition that
then more readily aligned with situations and consciousness, &c.  so
pre-electric to electric instrument (ie. electronic to
electronics-based), is this also in some sense about upgrades, or an
upgrade path. pre-electric dwelling to electric
dwelling...computerized-dwelling, etc.
so, in terms of typologies, and types of instrument, the piano in its
acoustic form then becomes the synthesizer, both analog circuits and
digital eventually, with associated different sounds, aesthetic
outputs. _everything, basically, existing in this context, such that
while an acoustic instrument could still be used, it exists in an
electrical/electronic ecosystem, as said with mics, amps, mixers,
cables, recording and playback technology, today with computers that
themselves become the music production tools (midi controllers, music
software) though much of it in the data paradigm of calculation, the
calculator, as with the computer. not advancing in thinking beyond
first conception of processing, not delving further than this. and so
'language' of tools is all over the place yet incredibly shallow in
terms of investigating the deeper principles and structures of music
likewise, the musicological is absent from this condition of
'electrical instrumentation' which has been overtaken by dysfunctional
tools and equipment, legitimated and allowed by 'computer bugs' that
prevent use of instruments in the way music requires, in order to
access and develop musical ideas, versus techniques of production- as
if making a webpage, using music software to create songs. procedural,
with switches and buttons on ~instruments, formatted to parameters to
further creation of beats and rhythmic structures of hip-hop, rap,
soul, r&b, etc. this finite categorization, determining what can be
created, by limiting the interface and choices to already known
_language, the signage replacing the truth  of music, repeating
previous signage as if creating new music &c.
so it begins to be a downgrade, a loss of ability and capacity over
time, which i think the article was getting at, as if each new gizmo
and feature is an upgrade or advancement, or every new technology or
option. and instead it can be a deterioration if not understood else
if subverted. losing quality, losing connection, losing sound,
aesthetics, communication, etc. yet having all the switches and
buttons, calculate whatever you want, in those parameters. while the
parameters needed do not exist, were never developed, this as
invisible barrier.
it seems that electrification was this massive upgrade, and then other
aspects carry it further such as computation as a next-level feature
set, that depending on implementation could involve real innovation
(via insight, quality, economy) or loss of cohesion in the design or
its purpose, making it frivolous or trivial or confused. the purpose
or integrity lost with changes. and yet time moves on and things
change, so does a given approach or solution survive, adapt and find
its legitimacy or become outdated, out of touch, removed from what
actually exists and is caught in time, the past, as antique, portal to
another world, view, belief system, and values that no longer map into
the present or future the same.
'upgrade' then is like pre-electronic to 'electronic' device, though
with 'nano' or 'genetic' or 'laser' or 'MIDI' or ECC or any number of
features or details that could be incorporated into an existing
approach or design, successfully or not, extending or adapting its
purpose, moving into a higher fidelity connection, access, insight, or
becoming askew, warped by this march to progress that may in its being
ill-defined, not understood, mismanaged, or maldeveloped then lead to
a devolved functioning that can also become a basis for cultural
control, the incapacitation and incapability of doing things with
tools, a form of censorship even by the way things do not and cannot
work or function correctly, due to such automatic upgrades that may
function in hidden ideological terms, serving political, economic,
social forces unseen or unacknowledged or unrecognized. therefore,
potentially another realm of tyranny that could be embedded in tools,
via how they are or are not developed, in what parameters, in service
or denial to what values (money or truth).  is all your stuff broken
like mine? THE FUTURE!
--- security issues ---
comment: if the NSA will intercept an e-commerce package to modify it
for mass surveillance or worse, to break it or cause malfunctioning to
force censorship-- what would they do to food that is delivered to
targets via online grocers? what restricts extreme unethical and
behavioral influence to 'force confessions' as with medieval rituals
for persecution, whereby any evidence is basis for conviction, even if
engineered. what if it is already commonplace, and this is the context
for judgement. 'law' enforcing/forcing these dynamics by default of
non-accountable marionette strings involved in shaping false
situations as dioramas, tableaus.
--- NSA & AAPL ---
Apple Denies Working With NSA on iPhone Backdoor
Unaware of Alleged NSA Program Targeting its Products
quote: "Apple has never worked with the NSA to create a backdoor in
any of our products, including iPhone," the company said in a
statement. "Additionally, we have been unaware of this alleged NSA
program targeting our products. We care deeply about our customers'
privacy and security. Our team is continuously working to make our
products even more secure, and we make it easy for customers to keep
their software up to date with the latest advancements."
(comment: only reasonable explanation for exploits is they hire NSA as
programmers and engineers, thus plausible deniability. also: if
blackops, how to know if a CEO is not NSA?)
[quote] Fresnel zones
"If unobstructed, radio waves will travel in a straight line from the
transmitter to the receiver. But if there are reflective surfaces
along the path, such as bodies of water or smooth terrain, the radio
waves reflecting off those surfaces may arrive out of phase (by
reflecting off an a surface within an even Fresnel zone) with the
signals that travel directly and reduce the power of the received
signal. On the other hand, the reflection (off a surface within an odd
Fresnel zone) can enhance the power of the received signal if the
reflection and the direct signals arrive in phase. Sometimes this
results in the counter-intuitive finding that reducing the height of
an antenna increases the signal-to-noise ratio."
::::: TYPO :::::
3d printing & typography
4D typography
Gödel, Escher, Bach
Make your own Mymo {monogram} with any two letters or numbers
(note: living amongst trees of electrical forest)
-';;/ kllyder fnkn ]\.:/
A. Vortex Polarities
B. --- Apple, Inc. ---
after the announcement of the death of Steve Jobs there was a
tremendous flurry of viewpoints about his contribution to computing,
his fundamental role. some of the belief it amounts to marketing-only,
taking others ideas and repurposing and selling them as if the
originator. in some way, as if part of his unique capacity was this
skill, this way of conveying and presenting the equipment, speaking to
an audience. this as a cultural event. as this relates also to
showmanship that is also controversial in how the claims are
i believe Steve Jobs was as aesthetician. that his was a philosophical
approach to technology that results in artifacts others related to in
a similar framework, in terms of their design values. that the
artifact itself was his unique focus, questions of technology, not
just mass production. choosing what parameters to prioritize or
considering options within extended frameworks, such that tools were
situated in a structural ecosystem. having control over shaping this.
and having people relate viscerally to it, if it matched their values
and sensibility, ease of use, joy. design excellence, etc. these words
do not actually convey what i hoped to say (my computer auto-crashed
due to hack attack and lost original wording of this section, cannot
regenerate due to memory loss issues). though the idea that Jobs was
an aesthetician is to question the view that he was a technologist as
other developers of technology. something else was going on with
regard to culture that was not comparable with other approaches.
notably, his value for the art of calligraphy as it would translate
into software and hardware tools. for media creation and playback. not
so much information management or organization, though interface
indeed. the problem of the file cabinet remains and thus hardware
advancements while inside of the data container remains stuck at the
beginning in terms of modeling of ideas. it seems Jobs likely knew
this and the computers of today are a result of accommodating the
combined forces at work in the culture, and maybe innovations occurred
where they were possible, and there is more to the story of how
computers function and cannot function than is currently known.
what people cannot refute is this aesthetic contribution and insight,
this value kept alive within technology and tools, within certain
parameters, that map into artifacts that please its users. as if
beautiful functional pottery of a given culture worldwide from
1985-2010, etc. its the design that is more than a local or
fragmentary question, its the understanding and awareness brought into
the questions and evaluation and shaping of the technology, the tools,
processes. and this is perhaps one of the prominent and obvious
examples of the role and value of aesthetics in culture, at the same
time culture has been removed of this traditional structure of
relations, the knowledge needed to sustain it, the education and ideas
and social connections now absent, it cannot be taught by a book, it
has to be lived. in this way, the uniform of jeans and turtleneck
indicating an ascetic aspect to the aesthetic, a commitment to
resolution of certain parameters or routines and arriving at solutions
or ways of doing things or attaining desired functioning. and i think
that may effectively be lost in culture, today into tomorrow. it has
not been sustained as a value. even while people respond to it and
value it immensely. the knowledge and awareness have been lost to
other priorities and agendas. ideas have to matter. the less they do,
the more the tools and artifacts reflect this, develop it, further
away from truth.
now what if every parameter of computing was approached at this level.
and every tool and artifact were designed to optimal  functioning and
of highest quality and capacity, versus the ruling junk economy and
ideology of planned obsolescence, all manufacturers seemingly
involved. something is preventing this. limiting its ability to exist
as a shared goal. until that is resolved then such situations as what
exists, contributions towards, reminders of what could be possible.
--- em archery ---
Full Flight Technology Velocitip Electronic Archery Tuning System
[note: consider use for sending data or sensors, infiltration, etc]
Change in geometry improves aerodynamics
--- artworks ---
Hear the sound of the Earth moving from the deepest hole on the planet
'Magnetophone' sculpture turns electromagnetism into beautiful noise
--- nightsky observation  ---
star trails
--- homologues ---
Drip instabilities of continental lithosphere: acceleration and
entrainment by damage
Keywords:  Instability analysis; Dynamics of lithosphere and mantle;
Mechanics, theory, and modelling; Rheology: crust and lithosphere;
Rheology: mantle
Pressure ridge (ice)  // context: regarding icebreakers
(note: the idea of different points (A-B, C) and passages, made
accessible temporarily or as lanes that open and close, and then other
viewpoints of this (C) that are indirect in relation, as structures or
flows may influence interaction, via geography, stress, strain, phase
Organizational behavior
"Organizational behavior is a field of study that investigates the
impact that individuals, groups and structures have on behavior within
an organization for the purpose of applying such knowledge towards
improving an organization's effectiveness"
Household archaeology
(note: would be interesting to examine change in routines and tasks of
household since introduction and incorporation of computer into daily
living environments, how activity has changed, social relations, work,
shopping, etc. this in anthro/archeo analysis, in terms of artifacts,
mapping relations across layers, getting into massive analysis of
combined data. everything from sleep issues with blue light of screens
influencing body clock rhythms to electricity use, radiation exposure
levels, foci of the house (fireplace->tv-> computer), electriciation
of dwelling (appliances, time, scheduling), rituals, beliefs,
worldview, etc.)
Builder Blames Navy as Brand-New Warship Disintegrates / digg?
"~Independence‘s corrosion is concentrated in her water jets —
shipboard versions of airplane engines — where steel “impeller
housings” come in contact with the surrounding aluminum structure.
Electrical charges possibly originating in the ship’s combat systems
apparently sparked the electrolysis."
'Military-Style' Raid on California Power Station Spooks U.S.
Revealed: The Soviet Union’s $1 Billion ‘Psychotronic’ Arms Race
with the US / via gizmodo
ref. Unconventional research in USSR and Russia: short overview
quote: "This work briefly surveys unconventional research in Russia
from the end of the 19th until the beginning of the 21th centuries in
areas related to generation and detection of a 'high-penetrating'
emission of non-biological origin. The overview is based on open
scientific and journalistic materials. The unique character of this
research and its history, originating from governmental programs of
the USSR, is shown. Relations to modern studies on biological effects
of weak electromagnetic emission, several areas of bioinformatics and
theories of physical vacuum are discussed."
{educational fair-use of copyright, 2013}
12-8   100-360   7-170

@_date: 2014-01-02 17:50:48
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Fw: Hi, I'm from the government and I'm here to screw you 
References: <52C4D85E.80300
 <1388654131.8008.YahooMailNeo
given NSA interdiction of e-commerce shipments to plant bugs
and subvert functioning, you really think bicycles are not implanted
with bugs of those targeted, for similar tracking, or e-commerce
shipped shoes are beyond interest of tracking with implants. it
seems highly probable that degree of tracking is going on for
those who are targeted via infrastructure. if they can track a
cellphone via, say streetlight or traffic light sensor systems,
certainly rfid in shoe or other hidden sensors say in bicycles
could likewise be very useful, beyond cameras, transponder-
like, especially if without phone. i think things are way beyond
the limits of visual surveillance, other sensing/tracking involved.

@_date: 2014-01-02 17:55:20
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Fwd: Fw: Hi, I'm from the government and I'm here to screw you 
References: <52C4D85E.80300
 <1388654131.8008.YahooMailNeo
 <5ee7aa131f9abf8cb17931c6d70c2354
---------- Forwarded message ----------

@_date: 2014-01-02 19:25:16
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Fw: Hi, I'm from the government and I'm here to screw you 
References: <52C4D85E.80300
 <1388654131.8008.YahooMailNeo
 <1388704140.67119.YahooMailNeo
Jim, correct me if i am wrong, what happened sounds like
a criminal or conspiratorial prosecution occurring outside or
beyond known law, a secret operation perhaps, that was a
precursor to rolling-out this type of prosecution program at
the larger scale in the present day, perhaps tied into NSA
surveillance of populations- a canary in coalmine situation;
same tactics, more empowered, nothing to stop it legally,
and removing dissidents and unwanted viewpoints bit by bit
i think you said this already though wanted to reiterate it
in the expanded context, to see if it is an accurate summary
(the mental illness trap ubiquitous, if not own families turning
on children or each other, then teachers on students, etc.
a different approach to forced censorship, silencing, and of
reeducation, retraining, reprogramming. the perfect setup
for takedown in unaccounted for parameters. labeled crazy
without recourse to logically reason viewpoints: doomed.)

@_date: 2014-01-02 20:53:47
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Fw: Hi, I'm from the government and I'm here to screw you 
References: <52C4D85E.80300
 <1388654131.8008.YahooMailNeo
 <5ee7aa131f9abf8cb17931c6d70c2354
hello CJ,
i have heard the UK is the surveillance capital of the world,
at least in terms of CCTV density and from what you indicate
much further ahead with license plate readers at every juncture,
where in this city, only a few intersections have automated
license plate readers for speeding or red light ticketing, if not
mistaken. perhaps this higher density is the future, then, that
is attempting to be advanced as infrastructure itself, where
each traffic light and eventually eventually every streetlight
is a sensor base for such 'accounting tools' of the state
(somewhat like voting in reverse, polling negative dynamics,
ubiquitous surveillance infrastructure as new damocles sword)
in the US there are radio frequency transponders for toll booths,
and high-occupancy vehicle lanes (drive faster in special highway
lane if multiple people in car) and black boxes for insurance. i do
not have a motor vehicle though assume stickers include RFID
for access and scanning, say for parking badges, etc. and then
GPS and all that, cellphones, everything indicates an existing
capacity to track, if these elements are active & functioning
i was tending to think somewhat obliquely about this, such
that, it is as if 'everything is above board' with surveillance tools,
tactics, and techniques. as if it is in a catalog available as PDF,
versus never on the books, that it is part of a black program or
black project infrastructure. and this likely involves vehicles in
some undocumented way, as would even be reasonable if the
threat model involves needing to locate car Z without a person
having a cellphone or transponder, who is going to detonate
a nuclear suitcase, and you need to locate that car. and so
under those circumstances, how do you do that, immediately
compare and contrast an unequipped car, no gps, no cellphone,
nothing. what is the likelihood that a car is driving around in this
day without a signature that could be identified remotely, as if
the car is some special autonomous platform for moving about,
outside of a security context even, as if a special realm of
privilege that is safe from surveillance. to me this is not very
realistic as a starting point, given the larger context, and thus
consider the lowly photocopier by contrast, or the basic printer
used with a computer. even these devices are not autonomous.
there are hidden watermarks that allow tracing and copies of
any scans and printouts, that level of invisible tracking that
could be activated/reviewed if need be in a security scenario
so too, vehicles. with certainty. why would a piece of paper
require such tracking and not a mode of individual transport.
and must it require an add-on or is it a hidden functionality
or parameter. must it be an overt, agreed upon, legislated
device that is on the dashboard (say gps or cellphone else
blackbox), or might it be invisible, built into the car itself,
embedded as a hidden data parameter that can only be
accessed by knowing how to access & read the output
my view of this is civilizational, development of culture, in
the framework of Lewis Mumford who placed technological
events in a ecological context, as a series of processes in
that various actions combine to result in a given artifact or
tool, it is not made out of whole technological cloth, instead
requires planning, logistics, assembly, and involves issues
not only of design though also materials, procurement, etc
in this way, mining, the going into the earth to get raw
materials and resources that are refined into metals or
separated into other elements, say diamonds for giant
circular saw blades separated from stone, or also into
geological surveying for natural gas, oil, water, steam
in geophysics context for power generation, uranium.
this is, like with the Bronze age, a leading, cutting edge
of civilization, development, its technological advancement
pre-uranium mining, post-uranium mining, consider how
culture may have changed in awareness, capacity, etc.
hydrogen, or other advances in science, tools, technology
so, an artifact and assemblage/ecosystem of computers
today are likewise tied into this process of mining, esp.
of rare earth minerals, gold, silver, that make circuitboards
and various transistor or other unique electrical insulator/
conductor, or magnetic properties harnessed to compute
with, create screens and displays with, stronger metals
Ford automotive, manufacturing plants of the earliest
assemblyline for car manufacturing, was based around
logistics of lining up, not only workers on the line to piece
together cars in a coordinated, orchestrated sequence, it
also involved movement of raw materials, their processing,
shaping of the steel, trains and railheads, smelters, and
electrical generation of power, such that the entire system
functioned as a gigantic machine, humans and technology
in fluid interaction and then figuring this out in total detail;
thus mass produced low-cost high-tech vehicles for sale
the economics where ecosystem-based dynamics, the
calculus was figured out via Taylorist principles (related
to electrical light and clocktime and machine efficiency)
and so it was highly connected to this mining of material,
which then flowed through this system, and eventually was
output into a vehicle as product of the production process
part of this issue of raw materials is that, they are valuable
and oftentimes wars are fought over natural resources, so
they are a leading edge of civilization or national development
as they feed into the organization/organism that needs and
requires that 'data' to flow into the system and be processed,
as part of a transformative value chain that starts as another
fragment and then combines with others into an integrated
entity or design of some kind. this is somewhat like today,
say where just-in-time manufacturing and FABs in Taiwan
are used to limit production to only what is ordered for given
computers, getting that level of control over production and
use of resources, though still tied to fluctuating prices, yet
also not in control of the total process, instead distributed
or differentiated across various industries and geographies
which is why the shipping container is perhaps so symbolic
of world order, of ecosystem/ecological world-scale dynamic
part of this situation is the securing of resources, which
can have diplomatic or contested relations that potentially
could threaten the state if lost, or benefit if more is gained
so the military is likely highly connected with these realms,
whether overtly or as substructure. they likely are attuned to
the finest detail of parameters as it relates to state security
or its planning and development. i do not believe they could
feasibly be disconnected. most obvious oil. its relation to war.
in other words, any natural resource that feeds into this system
that sustains the state and the state requires for its security and
ultimate survival is inherently in a military and defense context.
these are not separate industries, in my view or understanding,
because the military must have knowledge of how they function
and be able to employ them in offensive and defensive scenarios,
there is overlap between civilian and industrial and military, also
hierarchy by law, such that these realms can be managed by
the military in times of war, say for factories to produce other
material such as car factories to make tanks, planes, weapons
(cf. legally require PC manufacturers to install surveillance tools)
so there is always the implicit relation between industries that
access natural resources and develop them, that the military
has a structural connection and can take over their management
within certain parameters or goals aligned with war agendas, etc
so imagine this as a layer that may not be overt or activated yet
it is always present, always a potential variable in any given item
or thing or situation to do with the state. anything. prostitution to
drugs to canned soup to making placemats. it is a condition or
existential situation of the state in relation to all of its dynamics,
and how these could be changed in various situations and how
they could be leveraged differently, for better or worse, given
their management, orchestration as a single giant ecosystem
now at world scale, perhaps beyond cold war boundaries and
into another realm of organization, say humans vs. enemies
if you take an infrastructure view (itself nearly totally military,
roads and highways planned and built for military strategy,
GPS, telecom) there is likewise a context in which vehicles
exist and move about, that is inherently military and defense
oriented, else perhaps indicates parallel or unknown systems
that have priority and are related hierarchically with existing
systems (spectrum allocations, for instance). so whether or
not observable, ordinary spacetime & place already exist in
this military context because it is managing the civilian area
that has developed inside its parameters. as if nested set.
or so it is assumed, based on 'security requirements' that
there is another communications system, another GPS than
only the consumer version, likely quantum computers existing
beyond consumer technology for massive data processing, and
various other hidden parameters that could suddenly begin to
'manage the chaotic situation' of the state in a defensive or
war context - which is actually the legal situation that exists
and has been signed off on by representatives of the state
the aspect here is that it may not all be visible or need to
be spoken about to exist as 'legal' in terms of defense or in
a military context, especially say if the context involves that
of insurgency and running counterinsurgency operations on
home soil, where such dynamics cannot be acknowledged
for security reasons - and yet if there was some aspect or
weakness in the system as designed, that could actually
in some fundamental way knowingly threaten the state in
the way it exists -- it is probable some action would be
required and would be taken to ensure it is dealt with,
not ignored due to conventional rules, laws, consensus
the military view in terms of defense and security is its
own consensus, in a way that precedes voting of citizens.
people and institutions who fight and die and defend are
operating in different parameters than those who seek
their own enjoyment or wealth firstly, as a state of mind
and so, people may be obvious to this as a context, that
they could be walking around in a war-zone that is passive
or occurring within bureaucracy, because the situation has
not been defined externally yet, the trigger has not occurred
to divide the masses and so everything appears unified at
the same time a real threat of terrorism exists in ambiguity
my point was that, in this scenario, when there is a need
to identify a given vehicle in a context of satellites and of
antennas (50 yrs now), that it is probable that vehicle ID
exists in some way that is a hidden parameter within the
vehicle platform, some antenna or some burst transmitter
that sends back a qr-code like signature if pinged, such
that if need be, data could be gathered beyond having
an active device requiring a battery to handshake signals
if - that is, it is an actual threat to the state. having the
ability to drive a car around without anyone being able
to track it because a person avoids leaving a known trail,
say by no use of cellphone, no gps.
now this may be totally wrong. and maybe it requires a
mechanic connected with special police operations to
plant a bug or tracker on a targets car, yet in a context
of mass surveillance and invisible antennas, given such
priority to identification of items, down to paper and scans,
how likely is it that a car is autonomous & not trackable?
not in the context of rule of law of police. in the context
of, there are no rules, a nuclear bomb is going off, the
military is involved - what are the options...
"you cannot find the car?
WTF do you mean you cannot find the car?!"
i do not believe that is going to be unthought about by
the manufacturers who may have a military dimension
or review of the security or defense issues involved if it
were necessary or could be implemented without any
legal or other issues, of use only in a layered threat
model where it is legal yet hidden, for such tracking
if it does not exist, it probably should exist and would
be frightening if it did not, in the nuclear suitcase scenario
"we could not track the car, we lost a major metropolitan city"
given the QR-code signature parallel, a ping of a very large
geography by satellite network could find a needle in haystack
if a moving vehicle or not, potentially, as with millions of stars,
say via gathering the energy and sending it backwards again
as an encoded relay. if you can get the signal from Voyager
out of the solar system on a fraction of a billionth of a watt,
it is likely a car could reflect data though perhaps the issue
of parsing or gathering it is not realistic. which is why there
may be more use to cellular towers, who knows. there is
artificial radiation everywhere that could be used for this
type of monitoring and tracking while remaining hidden,
undocumented, beyond the threshold of observation
so if a photocopier has tracking of both scans & printouts,
and a computer printer likewise, watermarking the paper,
just to track it if need be- why would vehicle be immune
from this, especially given their importance to tracking.
it seems completely unlikely it is not built into vehicles
as part of this total process, including a security/defense
military aspect within a society of mass surveillance as
the terms of relation, where friend and foe are citizens
in the larger sense of ecosystem then, cars implicitly
belong inside this military framework, their connection
with resources, manufacturing, and tracking of people
of interest or threats to the state is probably part of the
military dimension that likely exists unaccounted for
there would be no public legislation about such things.
they would just exist, signed off in some secret committee
and used only within certain parameters and not others
the tell would be if such systems existed and begin to
be employed or deployed in police state tactics, and
this is where the NSA surveillance seems to tread
such that this security and defense infrastructure is
being used for political advantage, exploited, abused
to consolidate power beyond the law, as if the head
of the state itself in a hegemonic or dictatorial mode
the military exists to crush these kinds of situations
(yet it may not be the military visible on the television)

@_date: 2014-01-03 13:40:40
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Fw: Hi, I'm from the government and I'm here to screw you 
References: <52C4D85E.80300
 <1388654131.8008.YahooMailNeo
 <1388704140.67119.YahooMailNeo
 <1388736900.63285.YahooMailNeo
note: all of this can happens or is allowed because of legal documents
and authorizing papers - language - that legitimates this process of law
yet its very truth cannot be accounted for, is beyond external accounting
except for those in power who share views, agendas, and 'private values'.
it is the tyranny of language that stands in for law, power of language
over truth, that substitutes for truth, ego of belief replaces thought/mind,
default processing of shared self-interest is ~reality via this corrupt path.
the warped pseudo-truth shared by the group, as if public, universal pov,
then having to submit or be aligned with it, by force or submission, etc.
this is subjugation and oppression via language, truth is not basis for law,
shared opinions and shared interests in hierarchic authority framework are
which amounts to power determining what is true, via relativistic viewpoints,
language game, reliant on onesided binary ideological presentation of facts,
able to discard, edit, censor, deny, ignore anything outside private boundary
(US constitution allows for this. its corruption leads to this corruption)
same is true of money, legal tender: Constitution <==> currency
    (pT) Constitution ---> (pT) money = unfair exchange
     (F) Constitution ---> (F) money = unfair exchange
      (T) Constitution ---> (T) money = fair exchange
in other words, the corruption is institutionalized, from constitution
outward, where its errors then map and scale into other connected
structural dynamics. it defines and legally allows these situations
to exist in the given parameters, making them into citizen 'rights'
(that corporations are equal to human citizens another absurdity,
esp. when allowed to function in private self-interest at cost of all)

@_date: 2014-01-03 15:05:27
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Jacob Appelbaum in Germany 
References: <1388445314.96784.YahooMailNeo
 <1388473744.13334.YahooMailNeo
 <006601cf063d$0d4e9820$27ebc860$
 <1388519945.16721.YahooMailNeo
 <52C33963.1000709
 <52c61837.6cf5420a.55f9.ffffef24
 <52C6A053.7080709
my intent is not to offend in saying this, though i think this
situation may not be the situation most would encounter with on-site
surveillance, in that a barrier would exist between bugs & procurement
so that the sledgehammer-effect would have to occur by a different
if it did go as you describe, most likely evidence would be shifted
and you would be framed, either immediately killed, if not via
'suicide' by helpers, and anything you would do would be evaluated in
one-sided terms legally, with removal of basic situational data that
makes your viewpoint impossible to corroborate with evidence or others
testimony, if you would survive an encounter with violent, aggressive,
onsite corruption with the intent to bring you down via evidence, real
or fabricated
basically whatever you do would result in your being dead or sent away
to prison, and likely include severe bodily harm either short term or
long term in a prison or other environment
to me that is more likely than anything else, if a personal encounter
outside the law was involved, such that there are no rules, no legal
framework to appeal to, just brute deliverance of power onsite, which
tends towards the ~hegemonic police state of a onesided political
takeover, that nightmare
what is scary is that a piece of signed paper or secret agreement
somehow could allow such dynamics to develop, yet which are not
evaluatable by external truth or accountable to truth beyond a
particular (private) self-interest that can be warped, skewed,
political, yet stand in for 'government'
this would be tyranny then. not far from having guns removed from
residents, etc. no defense, just submission, subjugation to corrupt
authority, baseness as evaluation of worth - conformance or not
consider a different scenario. everything is tapped, you have
sledgehammer in apartment or house, and then have to interface with
*bureaucracy* to try to deal with situation, smash skulls as payback.
what stands between you and justice would be piles of signed paper,
denials, ignoring of issues and pleas for information or
rule-following, then followed up by pure corruption: your mail is
tampered with and lost, you lose your job, your checks or payments go
missing, accounts are hacked, there are gossip and whisper campaigns
about you heard all over within earshot, people saying you are crazy,
you need psychiatrist, spouse wants a divorce or requires you to get
psychiatrist, go on medication. problems begin with plumbing or
electrical requiring expensive fixes or repairs, car continually
starts to break down and cannot be repaired successfully. noises start
in your environment that keep you awake and thus you cannot get enough
sleep, your health plummets, massive depression and also extreme
paranoia set in, threats are delivered via phone and email about
assassination and physical harm, you are robbed or things are stolen
from you, documents go missing, evidence of black bag job with things
amiss in environment, computer stops working, lose electronic files,
records needed to prove certain information, you question your own
memory, your own sanity, people stop talking to you because they are
afraid or turn on you, increasingly isolated, suicidal thoughts
impossible to ignore, there is no information available about what to
do in such situations because it is considered unreal in 'democracy',
any truth you say that is out of line threatens your survival and
livelihood in surrounding system, further marginalized, your anger
functions against you, you become more and more ill as the stress
takes its toll, needing to internalize all the hate and violence
versus project it outward, thus the condition of being peaceful is at
the cost of interior violence, either denial or taming or holding back
rage, any error you make can be used to prosecute you to the fullest
extent by political enemies and this is going on in the background-
and nothing you can do can change this basic situation. and all of it
exists because of signed pieces of paper, agreements, allowing this
power-situation to exist/persist, and yet no one observes 'truth'
beyond their private relativistic boundary, now you are on the outside
in this way, corrupt police or TLA could set up camp in the house or
apartment next door and beam hostile energy into your domain, and by
privacy law, you can do nothing to stop them, even if they are
attacking you, trying to kill you and influence and deteriorate your
functioning - and anything you do against them is a violation of their
rights (Jim Bell situation, seemingly), such that law is onesided, not
observed by oppressors yet the persecuted are held accountable to it,
though within warped terms such that it is a trap, a ruse, to enforce
injustice and malicious authority structures over and against citizens
and populations, to subjugate and control for private self interest of
hegemonic group
they *legally* can get away with murder, and there is nothing you can
do -within language- to reason otherwise or protect yourself, words
are just words, the truth is inaccessible because it is neither
defined or controlled by you, they _own the interpretive rights as
government connected entities of an established structural falsity, an
ideological position of authority beyond all law that becomes law by
fiat of action believed justifiable in private warped relativistic
terms, where bias is normalized as POV
parallel to this is a situation of exchange, as it relates to trust
and truth and information. economics today and commerce provide direct
corollary to this situation in more direct terms, of this corruption
it is the past it is unlikely someone would be able to sell a rotten
bushel of wheat as if it was a bushel of fine quality. and if they
went around doing this to customers, the customers would likely
require that their money be returned because of an unfair exchange, if
not the person put out of business
in other words, a merchant or other person selling shoddy goods then
would have an implicit relation to the purchaser as part of the
exchange -- shared truth -- that the goods are of a certain quality,
and if not a ripoff would occur. and it would seemingly also involve
vengeance if a swindle, such that the seller could be hanged or killed
as a form of communal justice, for cheating/theft would be a crime in
terms of unfair exchange. people likely have been killed throughout
history for selling broken goods or misrepresenting items in terms of
exchange, where this unevenness requires evening itself back out to
return to civil relations or parity between the two parties on a basis
for shared truth and trust, that what is sold is what is purchased.
they money is for a quality bushel of wheat, not a rotten bushel
unless this is otherwise noted, and the exchange rate modified
accordingly to those parameters
into the 20th century, say post-Crystal Palace world exhibitions of
invention, tinkerers and hobbyists going to stores for supplies --
presumably if going to purchase magnets for an experiment or device,
upon purchase they would be magnets and not some fraudulent
non-magnetic imposter material and if this did occur, likely legal
recourse or other justice would be available, via shared sensibility
that a person does not do this to another person, based on shared
ethics, morality, connected with law and fair exchange. the offender
or cheat or crooked person could be imprisoned or worse, murdered by a
vigilante group or person perhaps, as a form of justice if the law did
not adequately address the unjust situation. in that morality or truth
can trump what is recognized or allowed within certain parameters and
a gap can develop, in particular via language that does not adequately
account for or model given situations- thus requiring interpretation
or external analysis and accounting to balance the dynamics and return
to a shared framework of justice, based on shared truth, the basis for
shared exchange
somewhere approximately with computers, it became legal to make and
sell shoddy goods, and this became protected by law, by legal
interpretation, by signed documents that map to protected views and
positiosn of authority. in this way, unequal exchange was normalized,
where an item could be sold 'broken' or could be made to break, and
thus this corruption has been institutionalized as its own business
practice, a way to increase profit (via upgrades or fixes, repairs,
replacement, new devices).
in doing so, the issue of quality has vanished in exchange, so that
the money that is traded for a given item is not purchasing something
in proper working condition that is made to sustain itself in these
parameters, and instead of a clockwork device that automatically winds
down into disrepair, designed this way, requiring maintenance to
upkeep- or even, allowed to be made dysfunctional via updates hidden
or not, that can limit or disallow functioning of the device via a
deteriorated/devolved condition, and this has become the cornerstone
of 'new economy', 'communication', 'education', 'careers',
'development', 'social relations', and so on- the economy itself.
what protects this process are signed pieces of paper, that prevent
this abuse from being dealt with fairly in terms of its being a
massive swindle that takes money via deceptive and fraudulent
practices and removes power and functioning from citizens and moves
this to those in positions of authority, at the top of the pyramid
scheme, who 'mismanage' the entire works as a giant malfunctioning
organism that they are in control of, via schemes that operate and
function beyond the law, yet as the law
it is not possible to 'reason' or argue with the legal documents
because they are not based in truth, only in power that maps into
money as the embodiment of truth-- such that the language is hollow,
it is only about maintaining power and authority over interpretation,
and not of observing shared truth of the situation. it is biased,
onesided, ideological, and must be 'signed' to make it legal, to have
or use tools and equipment on these corrupt terms, aka- user
agreements. thus the unequal exchange is thus institutionalized,
normalized, and becomes the foundation for a new bubble society &
civilization operating within these corrupt terms -- protected and
defended by ungrounded language that has its signs substitute for
truth, this [signage] becoming the one-way administration and
management of ideological power that is borne from the corrupt code of
the US constitution as legal right of citizens, which instead due to
its gender-bias, maps into both private wo|man and corporations as
having their allegiance only to themselves and not public humanity,
which then can be exploited to the utmost, notably within basic
exchange with commerce in the everyday-- much sold is subverted,
corrupted, broken by design or manufacturing via sabotage, where
people are paying for something they are not receiving -- yet there is
no legal recourse to this due to the shield of language devoid of
truth, that is not beholden to being accounted for in its truth,
outside or beyond this private framework of authority and power over
it and others, institutionalized by pieces of signed paper that do not
observe truth beyond those views and beliefs that benefit their own
interests firstly. this is religious, yet devoid of morality and
ethics beyond a context and framework of money- money is the core, yet
it is 'nothing' without truth, yet stands in for it as sign, thus
money verifies and legitimates the correctness of this practice as it
validates beneficence of onesided profit in exchange, a warped view of
this extends into issues of security. planting bugs in equipment to
protect the sacristy of the state (that is, its commitment to truth)
is one thing. breaking equipment so people cannot communicate or use
tools to improve their situation, because it threatens self-interest
and control of hidden managers is another. signed documents or
language protects these activities without holding them accountable so
both purposes fall under the same language, yet different in
interpretation, what truth is allowed or denied, is it human or
antihuman values administering the policies and attacks on privacy,
etc. and language itself, disconnected and nonobservant of truth, is
just communication as babble in turn, as it does not ground to the
shared reality that exists, and instead falls into some lines of force
of bias, of some fragmentary view or another, contained within layers
and layers deep of lies and bullshit, and this is where violence and
laws and intimidation are occurring, and yet cannot be mediated in
terms of reason with institutions signing off on tactics via secret
meetings or proceedings -- the feedback is not about 'truth', it is
about maintaining power and authority, removed of accounting for
external truth beyond what is beneficial to those in the shared set or
committee or demographic, profiting from it
you cannot get anywhere with logically reasoning truth in this
environment or bureaucracy. this then is an extreme form of mental
violence, emotional and psychological violence, that cannot be dealt
with, and yet must be grounded by individuals- where basically people
are constrained and mute, unable to
communicate or reason about what is going on because they lost
fundamental truth with themselves by adapting and integrating the lies
into their own lies and likely benefiting along the way, until some
day it goes against their interests, large or small, though will only
grow the more out of phase it gets
anything the person does is considered or interpretable as violence
against the corrupted state that can and will and does *retaliate* in
response to any slight, as if extremely petty, accounting for any
error while subsisting on this state of error to rule over everyone
captured within the concentration camp it creates, citizens prisoners
within a state that does not represent them though also seeks their
demise by systematic, manufactured means. surveillance, psychiatric or
other drugs, illiteracy, toxic food, toxic air, toxic shelter, toxic
social relations, sociopathic media, etc. anything you do against its
wishes is prosecutable via onesided 'processing' of warped views,
madness itself that is in charge and judge, surrounding jury of
invaders and traitors, and active executioner, passive & active
signed paper and bureaucracy beat sledgehammer every time
no truth, no accountability to logical empirical reasoning of
situation in constitution context, ones (T) and zeros (F)
then it is _impossible to get framework for fairness
mathematically impossible. insane violence, this is
the state is mad and beyond any law, and functioning
against citizens in dictatorial mode, purging dissenters
it can legally be dealt with via original code:
military takes over control of the state, martial law,
constitutional convention -> new US constitution
within human parameters of 3-value/N-value logic
v. binary interest of private gender to represent all
(first thing would be refunds for the epic PC swindle)

@_date: 2014-01-05 12:32:55
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: >#i\&;N@:*f)o$~"|=% (urls) 
issue: wi-fi as distributed radar, signals monitoring as if
snare traps in forest or jungle for certain parameters
.... KOLLIDER FUNCTION ....
A. Scientists Turn Their Gaze Toward Tiny Threats to Great Lakes
"Tiny plastic beads used in hundreds of toiletries like facial scrubs and
toothpastes are slipping through water treatment plants and turning up by
the tens of millions in the Great Lakes. There, fish and other aquatic life
eat them along with the pollutants they carry — which scientists fear could
be working their way back up the food chain to humans."
B. Beadist Transforms Ordinary Objects Into Ornate Treasures
\/.:.: OOC book ::.../\
Autonomous Technology
Technics-out-of-Control as a Theme in Political Thought
By Langdon Winner
[q] The truth of the matter is that our deficiency does not lie in the want
of well-verified "facts." What we lack is our bearings. The contemporary
experience of things technological has repeatedly confounded our vision,
our expectations, and our capacity to make intelligent judgments.
Categories, arguments, conclusions, and choices that would have been
entirely obvious in earlier times are obvious no longer. Patterns of
perceptive thinking that were entirely reliable in the past now lead us
systematically astray. Many of our standard conceptions of technology
reveal a disorientation that borders on dissociation from reality. And as
long as we lack the ability to make our situation intelligible, all of the
"data" in the world will make no difference. —From the Introduction [/q] ^1
Amazon Customer Review
Look Inside this book...
searchable PDF with index / ex. 'megamachine'
[q] Lewis Mumford holds much the same view. There is, he believes, a humane
tradition of science and tech­nology based on "an earth-centered, organic,
and human model" to which Western civilization must return if it is to
avoid the disastrous course of the "megamachine." 6 "For its effective
salvation," Mumford warns, "mankind will need to undergo something like a
spontaneous religious conversion: one that will replace the mechanical
world picture, and give to the human personality, as the highest
manifestation of life, the precedence it now gives to machines and
computers." 7 [/q] -- Introduction, p.4
^1. note on 'bearings' - have repeatedly been thinking about limit of
compass view and of TPH's book on Elmer Sperry, never read it though on
inventor of gyrocompass, related to gyroscope used in satellites,
ubiquitous directional sensor (cellphones, segway, drones, vessels, other).
perhaps its framework parallels certain ever-shifting conditions and
parameters, staying on course.
book: Elmer Sperry: Inventor and Engineer
(Johns Hopkins Studies in the History of Technology)
"Characteristic of his various inventions were feedback controls which have
made automation a fact of life."
Apple, Qualcomm suffering weak yields for wearable devices
[diagram] electric & magnetic properties of light
Research duo develop a means for people to conceptualize polarized light
[q] It's a well-known fact that animals other than humans can see polarized
light and that many use it as a means of navigation, terrain discrimination
or even as a form of communication. Recent studies have even found that
some organisms, such as shrimp, are able to communicate with one another
using polarized light that is reflected off a part of their bodies, in this
case, their tails. Many scientists believe that there likely exists a
hidden world of communication going on in natural world, where only those
who can see polarized light are able to join in. How and Marshall describe
it as a secret language—one where prey are able to communicate silently,
for example, unseen by a predator, without fear of being overheard. [/q]
Researchers find dogs sensitive to small variations in Earth's magnetic
[q] A team of researchers in the Czech Republic has found that dogs can now
be added to the list of animals that are able to sense and respond to the
Earth's magnetic field. In their paper published in Frontiers in Zoology,
the researchers describe field experiments they conducted that indicated
that dogs prefer to defecate while in a North-South stance relative to the
Earth's axis, during times when the magnetic field is calm. [/q]
(this research perhaps a contender for ig-noble awards)
(note: relation of geophysics and patterning. of animals, though also
humans. will not mention in this given context, though it is wondered if
position of buildings and direction of beds likewise is this way, with
humans and fields. are N-S or E-W directions preferred, what if rooms are
not on cardinal access. does direction effect sleep patterns, etc. is it
specific to layout of a room or larger building itself; such that position
of furniture only has a few options in a given space, thus must be oriented
a certain way, and how is this preferenced, may larger fields or forces be
involved in determining optimal or is it irrespective of this.)
---:::: quantum! ::::---
re: NSA Quantum Computer Research at LPS 2005
note: wondering if in someway e-ink display, phase changes
via direction of ink color (white to black, perhaps grayscale)
could in some way be analogous to spin states of atoms and
rovide a conceptual framework to question dynamics within
(wondering also about nesting of dynamics, spin states that
have hierarchy and build up or support/buttress other states,
such that a scaffolding or computational structure is created;
thus perhaps 3-qbits effect 1-qbit on another level as it relates
to others at its same scale. maybe these are logic gates though.
it just seems an ecological or nonlinear/multinear flow dynamic
would be dynamic (state machine) v. serial progression of charge)
note: what if ion-trip entanglement became storage mode
to establish two linked memory matrices, at a distance from
one another. such that they are remotely linked, though are
combined of the opposites qbits...
    [matrix1]   <--->   [matrix2]
in this way, it is not necessary 'spin' for set 1 to set 2 that
may be the computational process/framework, and instead
spins within the matrix, that then mirror in the matched pair...
    [xxxxxx]   <--->   [xxxxxx]
    [xxxoxx]   -----   [xxxxxx]
    [xxxoxx]   ---->   [xxxoxx]
in that, due to entanglement within the set (matrix1) that
the relation (x-x => x-o) via manipulation, say encoding, then
mirrors in the second set, and the stringing together of these
then reappears likewise in the second set (matrix2) if this is
how the spin-states are matched and entanglement operates
what if the matrix were considered a bitset display that is
inherently linked via stored entangled pairs, perhaps even
mismatched, calico, some sets are shared or not, some sets
may not be entangled and thus like wires to anode/cathode
or ground, create computation circuits, hierarchy or structure
for data flow. what if a sequence of patterns or a problem was
then set against this matrix (e.g. 1), say it is a qbit storage or
memory array of 1,000 qbits, a quantum-data ecosystem, that
then processes a pattern via its structuring, as linked into and
out of various known structures (logic gates, functions, other)
ridiculous to speculate probably, though what if some limit
like 1-dimensionality or 2-dimensionality exists, and that
perhaps a 3- or 4-D or N-dimensional framework is required
to activate or unlock or open-up the natural, organic dynamics
beyond preexisting ideological thresholds, boundaries, views,
such that quantum is stuck in a paradigm of electron-tronics:
       (electronics (quantum bits) )
in that perhaps linear or serial time-based sequences and
approaches are fundamentally different, and constrained
by 'electronics circuits' as paradigm or model or approach
       quantum-computation (electronic computation)
what if the situation is opposite, that the quantum realm
is larger or defines the electronics realm (larger(smaller))
in terms of hierarchy, different principles or organization
required - perhaps the model of information key to how
it is conceived, where 'the bit' may not be defined just as
encoded electron, and instead exists as abstracted pattern
or structure (language, subsign structures perhaps) and thus
the 'way of seeing' is not possible if the model or approach
does not capture these dimensions need for computation
and communication. perhaps quantum computation is
closer to a screen-display rolling through various patterns
as if a thinking-machines blinking lights, though that these
patterns are the calculation going on visually, not just the
representation of activity, the actual computation itself
(in this way, processing would be more pattern-matched
thinking, evaluation based on weighting of entangled bits
that ground to truth or neutral or somewhere grayscale;
the latter requires more analog than 1/3rd spin states,
so resolution of q-bit perhaps is also a question, is there
a potential gradient between +/- that can be achieved,
in this way 'data switches' as with Hall Effect sensors,
'digital', whether on/off in 1/2s or 5ths, versus analog
going from 0-1 across the entire range, say 5/200ths in
one instance and 5/6.124 next, given resolution, etc.
qbit as on/off switch versus strain gage in other words.
It would seem the inherent 'computability' of entangled
bits in terms of 'grounding to truth' via connected knowns
is in the undefined state, not a false limit to weighting or
resolution, thus qbit as sensor, not as finite bit measure
unless as a gate or transistor function. guessing, though
the nature of thinking is not about forcing things into
a framework that is overly limiting or rationalized, it
may remain looping or neutral, undecided, it may be
contingently known (digital switch state, true or false
(1,0) or tending towards t/f (+1/3, -2/3)) or else it may
be weighted, as with intuition, in given looped state
it is at this location or proximity on the scale from T/F,
though given more processing may shift back&forth,
thus undecided (1/0) though in n-degrees resolution
until perhaps figured out. this is n-dimensional not
linear algorithms, this is multilinear many-timings
that may or may not be in phase in given situations,
timing may have a million clocks that together may
sync into a single clock or operate as several that
may or may not align or agree. that is what such a
computer would likely be involved with in terms
of data, not an electronics-circuit topdown approach.
this based on the way of thinking, it as entanglement
based with information structures, data models, and
perspectives, perhaps turing framework also a limit)
also- consider transistor design of recent CPU chips,
the alternative approach that accommodates errors &
can use an FPGA or other device to reprogram or tune
functioning, taking into account what is operational;
consider in qbit context, especially if not approached
In purely quantum computer context and instead hybrid,
that a qbit entangled pair could be linked into a classical
electronic circuit, used for remote or distance messaging
for instance. some basic functionality of matched pairs,
perhaps for encryption at a morse-code level as if early
days of telegraphy. what seems possible if developing
some integrated functionality is to build upon this, bit
by bit so to  speak, with continual advances, yet it would
not be an independent quantum computer per se, instead
it would be a hybrid electronic computer with extended
quantum functionality, a new substructure or connector
into future quantum systems. so perhaps an entire q-pc
is not going to appear at once, and instead a bridge from
existing tech, with some q-functionality, then will meet
with more independent q-systems of the future, allow
a range of q-systems development via diff. approaches
in terms of a quantum system beyond existing electronic
circuitry, another paradigm, the same approach could be
relevant with transistors, such that perhaps some qbits
are higher fidelity and others not, within a linked matrix,
or some are 1/3rds, some are linear, some digitral 1/0,
and some are unlinked or classical, within a given matrix
or bitset display that is q-computational. and then from
this messiness, order emerges via patterned dynamics
and interactions, and develops over looped iterations.
In other words, the issue of natural v. forced calculation;
where a model or belief of 'perfection' exists with the
'electron as bit' approach, that presumes it is coherent,
starts and operates here (TTTFTFT), ideological and also
deterministic, a rationalization of the problems, sets; as
If that can all be figured out or 'knowable' in advance; vs.
a model of imperfection of the 'qbit as bitset' approach,
which starts or remains in incoherence or decoherence,
except as it may attain or align in coherent states (A=A)
or others (T=2/3) that shape into patterns of calculation,
emerging as structure, order, from chaos even perhaps
beliefs in how people think could be part of the issue,
as if 'scientific dogma' drives view of objective thinkers
(A=A all the time with every observation), when this is
a fragment or infinitesimal decimal condition, existing
closer to near total falsity excepting whatever truth is
or can be momentarily accessed, unless sustained as
entangled state with truth as awareness, operating or
functioning inside its dimensions vs. warped versions
where bias (such as digital) throw-out anomalous, even
contradictory or falsifying data. psychological loopholes
that could prevent accurate modeling of q-conditions
as it relates to ideas as ideas, not in terms of ideology
note: why share such naive thinking outside realm of
any expertise? i think 'thinking' directly correlates with
quantum processes of entanglement and 'reasoning' is
essentially comparable in terms of parsing patterns in a
looped or ecosystem/ecological condition. so there is an
issue of ideology or paradigm that could limit this to POVs,
ideas, or beliefs that are inaccurate yet institutionalized
yet form the framework for investigation/development,
though likewise limit it. thus another view to question if
this could be relevant by sharing outsider perspective. in
that 'intuitive computing' or 'computers that reason' are
going to be more like thinkers than calculators, which is
the split between electronic computation and quantum
approach, seemingly. the bit itself should be in question,
how it is constructed and conceived, not the same thing
or scale potentially with quantum, perhaps much more
linguistic or sign-calculus (mathesis) in its framework,
perhaps because it maps to information already or it is
or already carries an informational dimension seemingly
also, the issue of classified research so there is no room
for those involved to discuss these things that would allow
open research to develop them further. discussion or ideas
then opens up the framework of considerations that could
perhaps lead to new approaches in unclassified realm or
bridge between these. of those with NDA or clearances
that forbid divulging secret or classified information, it
could be a way for a parallel effort to exist beyond these
limits legally, especially in terms of online communities;
though the limit appears to be, once inside the system no
communication about anything potentially secret occurs,
thus 'free speech or expression' is self-censored even tho
a person or research may not be involved in quantum, or
have direct relation, that they may not even consider the
the thoughts due to security issues- effectively silencing
the commonsense conversation about issues in the open,
where security clearances take away right to participate
in other domains also classified yet not related or known,
for fear of reprisal, even though it would help bridge the
gap and allow advancement beyond insider/outsider limits
in this way, naive views like mine are situated, a person
speaking into the air about these commonsense issues in
extremely limited, near no knowledge condition, except
whatever may exist in some minor accuracy about them.
perhaps that is the threat, security bounds thinking to an
existing political administration and framework that could
result in violence for sharing ideas that are unwanted, etc.
thus incorporation into the state is this enforced silencing,
functioning within parameters assumed for the good, yet
if corrupted, then trapped in an incommunicable condition
where anything said could be interpreted as betrayal, etc)
Maxwell's demon can use quantum information to generate work
[q] "It is known that classical information can be used to extract work,
which is important because this saves the second law of thermodynamics!"
Sang Wook Kim told Phys.org. "The mathematical expression of such work is
given as the mutual information between the system and the measurement
device multiplied by kT. Now for the first time we show that quantum
information can also be used to extract work, and its mathematical
expression is discord." [/q]
How losing information can benefit quantum computing
(note: noise environment, bugs as features)
Computer simulation explains why zebras have stripes
note: reference image related to recent posting
on belief in money as absolute truth...
{educational fair-use of copyright, 2013}
960-65-45  55-63-91   43-345-939

@_date: 2014-01-05 21:57:06
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: drumming (urls) 
if (strcmp() > t= engine_get(t)) {?format=...
--- drums & music ---
In Speed Metal, Fastest Drummers Take a Beating
Few Humans Can Keep Up in Battle With Drum Machines
[q] When new technologies arrived, metal drumming standards entered the
realm of the physically impossible. [/q]
correlatable with computing today.... i have thought about this a lot after
taking up electronic drums for music therapy, learning via self-study, to
benefit from the rewiring of circuits and coordination, etc. very much like
juggling actually, these two realms combining, and also extending into
processing concepts in terms of looping and sequencing of patterns.
first, there is so much going on that shares a fundamental limit with how
music is conceived of and limited to an outdated paradigm based on
perceptual awareness, that the framework of ordinary approaches normally
assumes an absolute frame of one-way movement in time of a coordinated
group led by a conductor, and this is how music is processed, organized,
how songs are defined, relations, instruments designed, etc. like a
rationalization in a given view that then may not allow other dynamics in
that controlled domain, even, if not due to heresy
what this leads to is a technical approach, to refinement, where virtuosity
is tied to speed and dexterity and memory, repeating over and over older
code performances as flawless as possible, within a range of interpretation
though in  a finite or contained or bounded way. this extended into radio,
recordings or copies of originals, and mp3s, copies of copies, then
carrying on this ~music or sound-information or patterning, people training
to repeat play the code via lifelong training of authority-based
instruction, yet the ideas and concepts fixed in a narrow range of
thinking, as if music itself has become its own notation. music as signage.
the language of music overtaking the music of music, as its truth. rote
performance in a sense.
so the assumption arrives at a song if successful, plays eternally, via
endless concerts and furtherance by others repeating the code. instead of,
perhaps a song only exists in its truth once, in a singular instance, and
then it is another song, and cannot be recaptured the same. also: that
there are experts or musicians, education needed to play complicated
instruments whose interfaces are cryptic to the uninitiated if not
musicians themselves, by technical design or engineers who make equipment,
yet the _musicological questions have been removed from these same
instruments, in their further development in an electronics-based context,
especially with computing, where now instruments ship buggy and broken,
designed to fail, and with artificial limits or constraints that prevent
anything beyond existing bounds from being explored, to control and shape
parameters that feed into existing industry automation, as if new music is
another can of soup on assemblyline, volunteered or subsidized, paid for
the ideal technical performer, to which technology itself aspires, is the
robot musician who can function at speeds and with memory and dexterity and
coordination humans cannot, and yet in this substitution or equivalence,
the truth of music as more than repeated patterns is lost to a reductionist
approach, where it is merely language as language, doing things yet at
another more detached layer, perhaps even disconnected from a relational,
emotional grounding via music, such that it becomes or is technique, only,
music as technology, audio engineering with a pleasing aesthetic layer
determined by polls and behavioral psychologists if it makes a brain wave
peak or entrances a heart rhythm, therefore determining it is effective as
an influence, meant to modify or control response, including salivation via
[video] A Mohawk Robot With Four Arms Is Playing The Drums...
[video] Robot Drummer Animatronic - By: Steve Joy
...thus, the future could be with a 'drummer' in a band that is a machine
or automaton, a puppet or animatronic model with increased capacity to
perform serial gymnastic sequences of patterns, and this could involve more
than four limbs in-sync, as part of a core band-setup.
(if you see a Chuck E. Cheese robot at a future concert- run!)
Chuck E Cheese's Band
SO-- MAYBE THINGS ARE ALREADY THIS FAR GONE... in terms of destruction of
culture and robotic repetition of 'songs' as if babel, where meaning is
replaced by pattern matching as a potential condition where music is a
disconnect or escape or bubble condition or virtual layer of self that is
sustained in the parameters of music, though this in a context of
engineering and a loss of insight from music as music, or from 'new music
instruments' via electronics, beyond a given conception that locks it into
a realm of calculation and computation, versus a larger exploration of
ideas and truth beyond previous limits of what music was conceived of, such
that today music is a regression, several centuries caught in an inaccurate
framework that perhaps results in its being an inward or introvertedness
that is this interaction, lost to the reality of the present day, as if a
dream-state yet in a negative dynamic, via detachment, as if a higher state
or condition when instead perhaps ungrounded, unreal, fantasy, ego even, as
if everyone wants to read eachother's diary and relate on these terms, then
go buy stuff and copy one another and belong in the latest trend
engineering, as if on gerbil wheel, used as engine and energy for cultural
development in these devolved terms, against higher truth and greater
relation than only what can be achieved within the contained, forced
it doesn't need to be this way, yet that is where it is heading, seemingly
without alternative, due to a status quo that is unquestioned (again, loss
of culture, language, communication, and awareness to reason and agree and
develop otherwise).
so the ideal tends towards the future of this guy:
Robot Drummer: “Spruce Deuce”
[video] Spruce Deuce v1.2
...where, via archaic MIDI protocols, and further refinements, such an
'electronic drummer' or 'MIDI drummer' would be able to replace a drummer
by technically playing or ~performing a score, in place of a person, yet
able to do more than a person and at greater speed/accuracy if developed
this way, while lacking in other parameters, like being a human, relations
with others in the band on an intuitive level, (beyond those designed for
intercommunication and control). for instance, if built-out of specs
allowed it, perhaps such a drummer could keep up with "speed metal" genre
drumming, who knows- maybe even puffs of smoke could emit from eyes and
elbows, flames from ears, to bring in extra effects layers to bring the
point home of what is going on- the superman as robotic emulation that
surpasses functionality in a limited technical domain - minus actual
awareness, musical ability, beyond repeating code if mimicry, though
perhaps with AI, its own sensibility could develop, though as music it may
remain ungrounded beyond its being about matched patterning, or so it seems
highly likely that a gap exists between generating music off a midi-score
as interpretation and someone having insight about what a song means or is
about- though perhaps music is not this today or does not extend that
principle into its technologicalization, where technique replaces it, thus
the format, the hit song as pattern, remade over and over and over, played
over and over, that level of mindwashing and brainwashing of media,
commercials having more insight and truth than many songs in their at least
attaining authenticity, honesty in communication than other more
manipulative or hidden-profit behind fashion trends agenda of cult
engineering, this multimedia spanning all of consumption, from ego to
attitude to clothes to drugs to status to in-group out-group, as if
everything is mediated as if a school hallway scene, that level of
adolescence mainstreamed with geriatrics continuing the illusion,
(this is to critique music as marketing, as if a style that can be 'canned'
into formatting that then contains its essential quality or value (truth)
versus more superficial aspects of this that can involve mimicry or
repetition of previous patterns, language as music, or music notation as if
music itself, the code referencing itself for its validation and not
connected or external truth, which then can become ungrounded from culture
it supposed represents/describes. in this way it may not exist as general
'shared consciousness' as believed, even while marketed and profiting this
way, an engine of success or business model, versus of aesthetic truth that
communicates beyond these boundaries, into another realm of awareness,
understanding, perhaps involving musical communication between individuals
as a basis for computation or establishing social relations, a level of
shared awareness based on music as foundation for literacy in its
interdisciplinary depth)
the gap is what, then. where. how. who (cannot ask that question). why.
(probably not that either). the situation or context is... about a shift in
culture, values, perception, including loss of awareness and understanding,
governance, replaced by technical approaches, managers of other principles,
developed into a remotely administrated and controlled framework. music.
instruments. media. relations. skills. truth. consciousness. bound into
this, held back by it, captured and contained with it. detached from self,
group, and higher aesthetic functioning
so in a pre-electric context, 'drums' once used for communication and
signaling then evolve into a drum set, from marching band carrying around a
bass drum and others snares, to putting these on the floor in a given
arrangement and going at it within other parameters, that level of change
and new consideration- big band era, then moving into mics and mixers and
amplification-- and with electronics, presumably, the first drum machines,
not unlike a lot of repetition-based rhythmic processes that could be
programmed, yet with sound versus say telephone multiplexing via routers,
etc. sound engineering and music production then having overlaps, a large
electronics hobbyist dimension becoming an electronics industry in music
via all the electronic gear, do-dads, extras, that help establish or create
a given sound or noise, a signature, seemingly everything believed
justified the resulting 'end products', or not. in that 'shaping a unique
sound' may be at the expense or cost of retaining or accessing or
developing music principles within instruments themselves, that
functionality lost. instead turning to presets, of which add-ons then allow
to be further tweaked, 'refined' as a 'unique signal', though not
necessarily dealing with its production or possibilities prior to the
condition of notation, as language, within those de/con-fined parameters
and frameworks.
(so everything is really special, though not necessarily meaningful as
music, though as private communication that is capable of being modified to
n-degrees, that is an effect for that, and a chain of them will be your own
special sauce, as long as not sharing the electronics secrets though in
these days, logfile and receipt snooping, someone will be able to piece it
together and soon enough another clone of the sound will arrive out of
central music formatting inc, and replace efforts with a chart-topping
hypnotic hit, to selling fries at baseball games next. talk about the
patriotrism, worksong. talk about the commercialism, musical careers today,
infected by the celebrity worm as a basis for cultural communication within
these parameters then also framing questions of music, feedback only in
certain institutional views deemed ok to support the charade of one-way
authority over this process, keeping questioning at bay)
then things hit the wall. no progress beyond a certain point in music
instruments in this 'new and improved' electronics context. like everything
has been stuck in the 80s with equipment, excepting that of
midi-controllers which makes the computer into the instrument, and music
into a question of excel-like parameterization, and HTML-webpaged, canned
production via tools and endless varieties of hot-swap software circuits,
emulating plugboards & everything
thus, the disemboweling of piano into keyboard controller that requires a
computer to work as a sound-device, that can then be mapped to organ,
synth, piano, or other sampled sounds. and somehow, via MIDI, the keyboard
becomes the centerpiece and limit to further MIDI considerations, such that
the piano-roll defines music in terms of its notation (sign=sign) and does
not question possibilities or concepts of music beyond those so far
technologized, such that dials, buttons, and switches, then map out this
quasi-instrument as 'reading/writing' tool yet only in a very limited
dictionary and with highly biased, warped selections to choose from and
within that finite realm-- all music is allowed, yet nothing outside of its
model is possible to explore. such that, sure you can play along to a
preprogrammed hip-hop pattern, yet it is not possible to split a note
geometrically, or move things in space-time, or program music in its code
outside its being a representation - tape-recorder playback of given
filtered action, in a linear, one-way, authority-based approach all based
on a narrow approach to time, this embalmed in the MIDI spec, basically
killing off potential for music in an electronic domain by turning it into
a technical question with a given response, rationalization, set of
choices; the question of music is absent in these tools, they are designed
instead to produce copies of what already exists within parameters that
already exist, that is the specific raison d'être
the electronic drums and drumset being two different things, the ecosystem
never uniting beyond the parts, then moves into a computer-based context of
desktop controllers where people can play drums with their thumbs to 'set
down beats' with little capacity beyond this same level of dexterity in
terms of what it involves as a question of drumming, beyond say input via
tapping on a desk to get a beat, than say communicating larger longer ideas
than what fits into a given set of software fields for MIDI rhythms, the
foundation of the music. drums are more than this. though in a digital
audio workstation (DAW) context, sometimes not more than an arbitrary
string needed to generate others that are output as new songs, song as
information, information as communication. and perhaps that is all okay,
necessary even in terms of the situation, yet music involves vastly more
than this in terms of questions and shared cultural communication. though
it seems to have been made trivial, as if only a technical exercise, and
equated with meaning and skillls that go far beyond this and ground in a
larger framework or knowledge that potentially even some of these tools do
not allow
it is not to suggest taking away the freedom to explore music in varieties
of ways, instead it is to question the depth or shallowness of this
exploration as a standardized, normalized, and mainstreamed as music
produced and received as culture, dumbing-down awareness and then accepting
culture at a lower level than is necessary to relate within, socially,
mentally, emotionally. unless everyone is in a crib playing with shiny toys
and rattles, making noise, and that is the shared condition (perhaps
requiring being drugged out of your mind to not be bothered by it,
especially in terms of aesthetics and lack of insight, the din of 'music
so this realm completely fascinates me, there is total potential to turn
this situation around via another conceptual approach, a paradigm that
meets the electromagnetic situation and reframes music within a more
accurate nonlinear/multilinear context, getting outside this narrow false
absolutist view from classical ideology and music training, its
institutionalization and into new parameters and functionality that opens
up the instruments for music literacy, understanding, development of
skills, interaction, relations, based on music as a shared practice tied
into with literacy, social development, awareness, technological advance
and refinement, and at its core, about aesthetics, thinking and ideas,
truth accessed and involved
for instance, take the robot drummer situation. compared to the Def Leppard
drummer who lost a limb in an accident and continued to drum one-handed,
via technological assistance. a similar condition exists with juggling,
where some believe that you need to juggle more balls than your hands to be
juggling, thus 2 hands require at least 3 balls to be 'juggling', and yet
it also is implied that less than 3-balls is not juggling, when anyone who
learns to juggle quickly realizes the steps it takes to get there involves
being able to juggle two balls with one hand, that this is a core skill
(and adept jugglers can juggle three balls if not more balls in one hand)
It is this kind of false limit that may keep people away from juggling
because not everyone is at the highest skill level or will achieve that
virtuosity yet could still benefit from juggling at a lower level as a
learning practice. and if someone only has one-hand, it could be legitimate
juggling to juggle 2 balls and is in essence the same as juggling with two
hands and three balls in that certain principles are involved and shaped
and can be explored in those parameters, such as movement, speed, height,
and so on. including with those two-handed, that learning to juggle
one-handed in each hand is a core skill and necessary to be effective at
juggling, as this ambidextrous condition is what is a challenge, mirroring
of various patterns in different directions, thus starting with one-side or
the other, as this effects brain processing, as if the pendulum is involved
or something that connects both hemispheres of the brain as the side that
is preferenced then moves into new relation with the other side,
neutralizing out bias given the amount of practice, developing new nerve
connections, brain cells, this changes memory circuits, functionality,
coordination, thinking or possibility, even, opening up options instead of
accepting given limits, and learning step by step how to go about this
drum sticks are very much like this, one hand biased and learning to use
both, coordinate, and explore basic patterns, from the most basic, single
tap here, single tap there, to multiple tap sequences then mirrored across
to the other side, as with changing direction in juggling a given pattern,
reversing it, so too, using drumsticks to tap out rhythmic structures in
reverse using opposite hands, and learning from this as a skill, process,
many dimensions involved
so the big failure of 'the drummer' in the intro article is that they
cannot keep up with the MIDI score, and a better clock is needed or
metronome so others can play in sync together 'as a band', thus the
computer solves the technical problem. the drummer as instrument not good
enough, supposedly, in a high-tech context. what is needed instead is a
Shiva-like multiarmed character with insane speed and processing ability,
then the band would look good while the drummer flails and generates smoke
and heat.
[image] album cover
the thing is- as with early photography studies by Muybridge of horse hoofs
on the ground- the time-lapse of a drummer is indeed this multi-armed
epiphany doing what to most is physically and mentally impossible to
coherently understanding in real-time, even if it is dissected, because the
issues of dexterity and awareness may be so beyond what most people are
capable of, that it is really a unique skillset and capacity to be able to
take this functioning on at a higher level, requires special skill or
talent or dedication to attain that performability,
and yet, slowed down, it can also be more manageable for others at a
different skill level or way of playing that does not just rely on speed or
given styles of playing. drums are not just a particular sound, style,
genre, or format, it could be opened up to more than is questioned today in
terms of the instrument - in that instead of emulating and rationalizing a
style or particular approach to drumming, it could be requestioned based on
more knowledge than an extended linear progression of a given trajectory
allow - such that separation of drum machine from electronic drum set may
not be structural, only a choice, and likewise others
so in a non-profane context of serious issues with the way equipment is and
its technical limitations, consider the sculpture of Shiva in terms of its
capturing this increased capacity that is some inherent limit in the given
technical approach for ~electronic drumming...
Multi statue armée en Thaïlande
so consider again the issue of time. if this was a many-instanced view,
most drummers would have a sequence very much of this many-armed approach.
though if a score is sped up so fast, at some point only a multiarmed robot
or a superfast two armed robot could feasibly drum at a certain pace,
beyond human capacity, due to time, energy, ability to process information.
it is perhaps a classic case of multitasking though within a group-subgroup
dynamic of (drumset (drums)) where a certain limit is approached to what
can be performed in terms of given parameters of functioning.
multitasking -- handyman
multitasking -- office work
not sure if it is evident yet, though this is a condition also existing in
computing, whereby there are large gaps between tasks that have no larger
relation to one another beyond certain limits or parameters, incompatible
or unintegrated software or frameworks or approaches, thus atomizing
everything into a separate domain or task or chore, and thus losing
efficiency, whereby 'speed' is the ability to coordinate in that framework,
keep it coherent, and get things done simultaneously, not unlike banging
out a sequence on drums
where is this going? there is a physical and mental limit to what can be
done and it can be reached and then hold back functioning, as a barrier,
yet also people can be judged against what is an institutionalized
inefficiency or false constraint, due to design, that forces these
dynamics, which can then turn against efforts, such as making 'work' less
productive, etc, even when home computing was sold as an efficiency device,
to make things easier when instead it becomes more and more time-wasting
chores and routines, upkeep, hassle, etc as if an ulterior motive designed
in from the start, its dysfunction programming and formatting user
dysfunction. in this way, the problem with tools shaping the user via
negative influence, the dynamics set up in a devolutionary or regressive
way, via detached, ungrounded, unreal, or otherwise inferior approaches
that then become standardized, the norm to follow, etc
so this is about time, about tools and technologies in a context that are
interacted with, communication, and about intent or symbiosis between a
person and technology, perhaps bridging into a larger organization of
others and other technology (playback, etc)
the electronic metronome is basically the keystone to electronic drumming
in a band in so far as it relates to music notation, a style of playing,
the shared 'music score' as code & program. that a person would have to
play so fast to keep in sequence is akin to GHz and CPUs, as this relates
to design parameters, is it really better or a design approach leading to
other values.
though the central idea is that timing and drums are structuralized in the
framework of a band and a drummer performs an advanced metronome function
within the band, that today for some a machine can replace and extend into
other functionality that may or may not be manageable by or with a drummer
at the helm. in place of a drummer, some have a PC with software tracks,
hooked into mixer, controlling drums via software interface. others have
drummers with triggering of additional samples or patterns, to allow this
information management via sticks hitting trigger/sensors in the drum kit,
to activate a given sound or sample or recorded playback.
so the upper limit appears to be- a physical entity aka drummer cannot
feasibly play this or play it as needed , thus some electronics equipment
or tools will do it, and perhaps there is no need for a drummer in the
band, they are not fast enough or cannot manage the sounds, (perhaps even
there is irregular timing or something, cued other than by drums, etc).
so here is a bit of clarity on this situation: no where does it say there
has to be only one approach or direction with 'time' in music, and yet it
is a forced perspective that has now become the structure for all
electronic music instruments, in a one-way flow of time that moves into
'speed' as a view of increased or advanced processing. as if linear flow is
all of it.
music has no perspective, no dimensionality, it is a flattened realm of
inquiry stuck within an 16-18th century notion of space-time that is
pre-Einstein, perhaps pre-Copernican even, as if everyone needbe sitting at
the feet of Beethoven then evolving to churn out rap songs next in endless
strings of concatenation of themes, structures, values, as if 'composers of
reality', eventually by way of merely saying or singing language to various
melodies and tunes, as if music and song is definable in fixed parameters
endlessly extendable, never stale, rotting and the ruins of culture,
festering and stank in its role and importance, loss of connection with
truth beyond finite beliefs shared in-group, scaled to consumerist ubiquity
& for sale
why could there not be 'many clocks' at once, perhaps moving in different
directions within a drum set. in an acoustic context this is not possible.
in an electronic drum set it is possible yet not able to be explored given
the way things are designed and structured for emulation and extension of
previous styles. the depth of music buried under an emptiness of its value
and insight by a genre past its time, yet repeated endlessly on the radio
and online as if eternal, vs. cultural tyranny of noise that seeks to mask
out other views, stand in as if 'the standard' when instead this is
conceit, based on power politics, control over media, enforced authority
and forced perspective, that somehow everyone holds certain musical truth
in common, as if aesthetics and shared awareness can be engineered for and
scaled to populations via expert propaganda of repeat iconic performance,
tv-specials, awards, superbowl halftime shows
i have several ideas about a new approach to electronic drums as an
ecosystem of various components, including mixer, looper, sequencer,
sampler, metronome, and drums combined into a single instrument interface.
much like a web server that spans another virtual machine or process, to
manage or access another dimension, so too, why not allow a drummer to have
'multiple arms' via the tools themselves, by allowing a drum machine to
capture patterns that the drummer plays, set them up as a loop in
real-time, and then add and subtract and shape this information while it is
live within the equipment. many clocks, different directions for the sound,
starting one pattern in certain instruments and send it in a given
direction and then another with different sounds in another direction, and
let them go on their way while playing yet another sound, different
rhythms, within this layered context. hell, who needs a band, even, if you
have such a drum set. this is more like drumming as programming though in
haptic or even neuro-feedback or voice-control interface, prototype for
future computing even in its communicative function, if considering
performance could be over the network and thus local and remote via HDTV
connections. so shared work model in teleconferencing into music, new MIDI
standards allowing multiple times, though far more is involved than can be
sketched here in these parameters.
the larger point of it is that even though it is not allowed, 'the music'
of drumming exists in a context beyond the way the equipment is now
designed, yet could be reconsidered, once again questioned for what is
going on in musicological terms, the substance of instruments, and then
open up these parameters for music to breath within versus be stifled by
lack of ability to do anything other than playing as fast as possible as
the innovation path available, versus multilinear and ecosystem and other
dynamics that could also be possible, if these situations would be
evaluated in their truth, versus just as profit for the automated machine
and music-production ideology that formats these tools as formulaic,
calculator-like devices that produce endless strings of self-same limited
parameter computations over and over, as if equated with heightened
awareness and grounding of culture by mere communication.
in other words, maybe virtuosity of expertise in a given instrument is not
the aim or goal and instead literacy of music via instruments and as a way
of forming and shaping awareness and consciousness and forming a basis for
shared communication at a greater depth than existing culture allows though
has historically been achieved and held with great reverence, in that music
forms the centre of shared experience, brings many together in one relation
and that instruments can do likewise.
(in this regard, some of my ideas include people being the performance
themselves, musicians as networks of multiple timed looping patterns and
interacting as ecosystem, being able to move through music at any point or
path as with software models thus the song is interpretable, non-repeatable
even, an environment that is navigated, this could include performance,
headphones allowing positioning or moving around acoustic space, etc.
software tools anyone can use to learn musical principles. musicological
instruments that redevelop existing types along more fundamental musical
structures and principles, such that music instruments are reading/writing
instruments, gaining that level of interaction and ability to communicate
beyond existing notation parameters that deter such developments)
a drumset that is grounded in its electromagnetic context and can access
the truth of this condition in that parameters of music allow it to be
tapped into, explored, understood, and experimented with, then potentially
relates to a next-level of computation of the sensor-based environment
requiring orchestration from within chaos, into order, via looped patterns
of tasks and routines of separate elements (whether tom-tom, sequencer,
metronome, or pantry, computer, e-ink wall display). the larger dynamics
involve similar principles, how to manage multilinear flows of information,
shape them, program them, secure functioning while existing or starting in
another framework. how to make the transition, what is the conflict in
ideas or ideology, what if the difference in values, in control,
management, authority, is truth driving the process or its representation
that can be warped, subverted, and what if what today does not work
together at all instead could be naturally, organically cohesive as an
ecosystem, harmonious, due to recognizing shared principles, functionality,
parameters and functionality that are symbiotic, and provide feedback in
shared frameworks that benefit the whole infrastructure which is scalable,
because it is based upon shared truth
this truth of music is truth of life, truth of culture, truth of people,
truth of society, that is the value that has been replaced by another set
of principles moving in an inhuman direction that then holds people against
its values as if inferior when it is the opposite- these tools need to
serve people, not the other way around. they should free the imagination
and open-up options, not deny or break these connections to maintain some
other agenda or priority;
and yet music like everything else has become trapped in this realm of
falsity, held captive to mimicry and substitution of a false-view, seldom
do i hear music of my own nature anymore
and thus these words about future instrument design, what is needed, within
these ruins of civilization and its- our- lost culture
<>---- reference ---<>
[q] Drum: It is an instrument frequently used in rites and rituals; its
rhythmical sound is sometimes (e.g., in Buddhism) equated with the hidden
sounds and powers of the cosmos. Often (e.g., among black African peoples)
the drum served magically to call down heavenly powers; the war drum in
particular was closely associated with the symbolism of LIGHTNING and
THUNDER. -- In China the sound of the drum was related to the course of the
SUN and especially to the winter solstice (i.e., that point when the yin
principle exerts its greatest influence but also when the sun, and hence
the yang principle, begins to increase its influence again). See YIN AND
YANG. -- The drum is the symbolic heart of the universe for Native
Americans. [/q]  --- The Herder Dictionary of Symbols, p.62
DRUM  A symbol of primordial sound, and a vehicle for the word, for
tradition and for magic (60). With the aid of drums, shamans can induce a
state of ecstasy. It is not only the rhythm and the timbre which are
important in the symbolism of the primitive drum, but, since it is made of
wood of 'the Tree of the World', the mystic sense of the latter also
adheres to it (18). According to Schneider, the drum is, of all musical
instruments, the most pregnant with mystic ideas. In Africa, it is
associated with the heart. In the most primitive cultures, as in the most
advanced, it is equated with the sacrificial altar and hence it acts as a
mediator between heaven and earth. However, given its bowl-shape and its
skin, it corresponds more properly to the symbolism of the Element of
earth. A secondary meaning turns upon the shape of the instrument, and it
should be noted that it is in this respect that there is most variation in
significance. The three essential shapes are: the drum in the form of an
hour-glass, symbolizing Inversion and the 'relationship between the two
worlds' (the Upper and Lower) ; the round drum, as an image of the world,
and the barrel-shaped, associated with thunder and lightning (50). [/q]
--- A Dictionary of Symbols, j.e. cirlot.  p.85
:;.:|: drummer :.|;.:
[video] interview with Kenny Aronoff: Part I   (27:18)
[video] interview with Kenny Aronoff Part II  (22:26)
--= on tuning =--
Here’s Why You Should Convert Your Music To 432 hz.
the surrounding context
{educational fair-use of copyright, 2013}
411-A1A/56   413-C2B/812-NET   r80,e

@_date: 2014-01-08 16:20:45
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
References:  <20140108174555.9ACF62280B6
  > 5) another realization upon hearing the 30c3 talk of Jacob Appelbaum
  replies:
 >  The Internet is not controlled,...
my immediate reaction: this is ideology. just like internet security
or anonymity, beyond a given threshold it is controlled, not anonymous,
it just matters if those layers are perceptible and-or acknowledged within
a given zone of observation. perhaps my view is naive, and lacks basic
understanding of the situation (knowing those here are involved indepth
with standards, history, designing and building of said infrastructures)
will try to explain why this is my relation. most everywhere i look, much
of everything i see is trapped within ideology. a condition i equate with
'answered questions'. not necessarily bad if beliefs are grounded, yet if
somehow erroneous, then 'knowing' is replaced by inaccurate believing
that then becomes standardized, _the_shared_view, etc.
never successful at attempts to learn programming (they started with
calculus problems in C++ on first day, had to drop) and while having
tried Logo for fun, using for geometry, have not made it past that in
terms of descriptive reading of programming ala computer software;
though perhaps in some way the condition of 'ideology all around' or
of a surrounding ideology, perhaps much of it ungrounded/inaccurate
and thus warp/skew/bias/falsity normalized and related to and through,
is that it is like having a - guessing - high level programming language
reliant upon lower level assumptions that would be in error if not wrong.
not sure if this would be machine code, assemblers, whatever. though
that that remains unchecked while the other code views continue on
as a shared perspective and develop a given worldview based on what
can be done, though the underlying systems may function differently
or may not be able to sustain those views if audited or error-corrected
thus i do not see how observation is so readily able to be detached
from its accounting in truth, at the level of processing or parsing of
data, in its actual truth, grounded observation and shared circuitry,
for it would be opposite how computers actually function if removing
the logic gates from microchips, the billions of transistors/switches,
and then just letting anything compute in any way that is believed--
yet that is actually how -language- qua communication functions in
terms of untethered beliefs, this relativistic relations as if shared set
though based on unshared sets and different views and frameworks,
then consensus in agreeing on things (beliefs) without processing it
all the way down, seeing that turtles may beat the hare in the race
because they may not make errors while the hare may crash & burn
though if unaccounted for it does not matter- truth becomes irrelevant
given that 'random number generation' is so difficult to insure, in a
crypto model, to assume a highly rationalized and deterministically
(it is assumed) functioning system is operating within or as chaos
seems likewise ideological, in the sense that these are constructed
systems in certain parameters that can be accounted for, and yet
may not be likewise, in everyday terms, so an illusion may exist or
persist of 'no control' or 'wildness' while thoroughly accounted for at
another level or layer, where the specs are closed by the originators
and root of one level may access root of another, or those combined
in a military context as origin, i do not think it likely to imagine this
is not the case, when planned as a strategic infrastructure, to think
all technical capacity is in books or manuals or given to consumers
or detectable using normal means or parameters. also; it seems that
the system was designed to be hacked, experimented with, and this
is part of the myth-making and legendary hacks- is that they were
open enough to accomplish these feats, even perhaps supported in
doing so within a given culture, and perhaps this was a ruse and not
an oversight or misstep. or perhaps it was exploited, harnessed as
a way to create industries, such as computer and internet security,
allowing again an illusory 'wilderness' and then 'increased controls'
for the chaos or untamed environment. perhaps it is unregulated to
a degree, in-line with certain philosophies, that are experimenting
with the medium in terms of social or cultural engineering, etc.
tho in this, what strikes so odd is that anarchists are so group-
oriented, and identity-based in 'cypherpunks' as a common view,
reliant on these technical systems in a given incarnation that are
bringing wealth and jobs and skills and status, likely also perks,
which seems a bit opposite to what some of the ideas are about,
seemingly. though i do not know enough to know why i feel this
or intuit some dissonance between what exists as infrastructure
and views of 'liberation' or 'freedom' that may be based upon or
rely upon or use or exploit distortions, even, unreal parameters
that do not parse at the processing level of logic, absolute truth
and instead like other 'group views' become ideologically-based
and this allows friction-free beliefs of a given group versus others
it seems much more of an individual condition, situation, to ponder
and that the split is at this level, because the complexity is likewise,
yet when 'the group identity' is invoked, it seems to presume that a
given cohesiveness and understanding exists that i tend to think is
a fiction or perhaps an overstatement of what can be achieved within
the stated parameters - unless accuracy at the transistor level of the
ideas is dealt with. this is a problem of language and history itself..
i mean, if someone brings up or references 'secrecy & history' and
this is parsed in a view of private mankind, that leads to one set of
assumptions and values; whereas if it is grounded in a human set
of relations that is another interpretation. though any  is
capable of this ideological split, any given view or belief or concept;
it does not inherently have 'group coherence' or scale to a group by
default of its corruption at this top-most level of shared observation
and agreement or verification, instead it is bounded, an upper-limit
exists that is actually very low level, and thus individual processing
 that is not matched between people becomes this logical limit of
shared observation, if one view or another warps, skews, biases
at the input/output of another yet while claimed the common POV
in this way:    language <--> language
versus:   truth <--> truth
when it involves ungrounded beliefs, concepts, communication
that seeks to represent 'shared reality' via language, relaying ideas
though that inherently contains errors, given the medium/approach
that allows and requires and relies on this (serial strings without
error-checking or correction, repeated over and over, ad naseum)
thus something like: "what is history?"
that becomes a question that some may assume exists within a
given realm of accuracy, and others may not even believe in it as
a representation of accurate events, in that- was the 'inside view'
what was captured or translated, or an external view of events that
seeks to represent what occurred via some form of approximation
i believe that looking backward into situations is not necessarily
to adequately discern the truth of the present, lacking access to
the secret if quasi-encrypted truth of the past, in its truth, at this
transistor or logic-gate level of processing. and that in terms of the
state -- much of this is likely off-limits to known 'historic' events,
perhaps even to include Arpanet or revolutions, in the way they
are engineered from perhaps a set of parameters beyond known
or written accounts, in other dynamics remaining unaccounted for
this is to consider that there may actually be very large secrets
that are not known or divulged even while others of lesser depth
are accessible or available to a 'group scale'. somewhat like the
view that an industry-wide effort to allow hackable infrastructure is
only occurring on those beneficial terms in a geopolitical context,
which would be incredibly naive to think people were not handed
this situation and instead developed or discovered it themselves,
that is, there is more on the inside going on than the outside is
capable of understanding in terms or parameters that may exist
the idea of hacker as revolutionary or freedom fighter, while all
well and good, is also a way to be a pawn in a larger worldgame
and the effects turning against people operating within a certain
range of assumptions appears as if a wake-up call that this is
perhaps beyond a realm understood by those operating within it;
and that resources could exist that far outweigh anything that is
deployed or available in the public or private realms, perhaps even
making what is going on child's play by comparison. such that-
sure, you think you are just going to take down the power grid
because you *think* you have access to the SCADA network-
     "go ahead-- make my day..."
some of these situations are unbelievable. they are too easy.
which indicates deception and people being taken for a ride
for instance, if someone threatens to turn the lights off to a
population via hacking into a power system, and defines this
as a 'cypherpunk' activity, because it is an offensive attack
using subverted computer systems and high-level skills, it
can be interpreted in different ways as a 'shared identity'- as
if the hacking skills is the value or morality, a higher status
as if information or computer warriors or whatnot. yet not to
differentiate 'who is being attacked' then could imply that it
would not matter if humans were attacked, and thus such
events could be against people like myself and to me (and
others, and especially the state) this would be an enemy
action, if that level of consideration was not involved or was
not relevant- perhaps because the ideology is not processed
to that degree or level and instead relies on ego or superior-
belief as a privileged class. whoever the hackers are, it is
certain there are others vastly more powerful in this world,
and yet this may exist in a secret undiscoverable realm
until it is too late to change course or take-back actions
(at least that is my belief, given evidence that cannot be shared)
i mean, you could even be a malicious alien attacker with
IQ of 10,000 or something & appear to have total control over
surrounding populations, though again- it could be deception
and with certainty there are others of higher capacity totally
able to neutralize any such threats, without any question
(this raises the question of what is the common context or
foundation for relations and identity- is this a parallel-world
simulation, part-real part-fictive woven together across both
past-and-future, engineering reality in the present moment.
if so is acknowledging this not critical to realism, such that
clones and copies and avatars are involved in scifi identity-
relations, as a standard, and not some other assumption
instead quaint, that allows a warped version of relation to
continue uncorrected, easy exploitation, easy lies, etc.)
thing is about language, people can reference ideas and-or
concepts, authors-- thus, Hayek, Keynes, Hegel, Marx, and
yet what is being referenced is ideology, believed viewpoints
established as shared relations --perspectives-- yet that may
not be parsed in their truth, as ideas, at the transistor level,
so what is shared is a social understanding or consensus or
relation based upon agreed upon principles or patterns that,
in their being representational, copies of belief even, can in
turn substitute or stand-in for that grounded truth requiring
direct observation and testing of principles and hypotheses
in an unbiased, neutral framework - which does not exist
in the relativistic approach to communication nor ideas
Hayek, Keynes, Hegel, Marx and others had 'some truth'
yet it is not absolute truth within language as language,
as it is mediated. these are signs, patterns, instead that
are referenced, not truth itself. it is trap, just like when i
refer to an author and seek to present their views yet this
is a limit or skew is inherent and perhaps even inaccurate,
not only my views though their views also, potentially also
in error, not absolute in correctness, yet believed to be as
if biblical conveyance that is to be knelt down before and
served as if higher, even, as if guiding light, when that same
light may not be as bright as direct observation shared by
and between people of the same phenomena modeled in
parameters more accurate or beyond those of the past
if considering the medium of 'the book' as including and
involving 'all books'-- most of the views are tending toward
falsity in some way, due to the problems with language
and communication and observation, even if philosophy
or work that resonates. a layer or layers of error exists
as a structure, due to the approach. the assembler is
wrong from the beginning. everything needs to be re-
written and its truth recontextualized to neutralize the
existing (historic or observational) bias, then to mine
those perspectives -beyond copyright- for a larger and
more inclusive shared perspective, weaving together all
truth in a single model. without a certain approach to
logic it is not possible. the errors are structural, needed,
and then what is linked, parsed, likewise, especially in
an AI context, for computation, evaluation, deliberation,
decision-making, which would lead to automated tyranny
if a computer that is inaccurate and faulty in reasoning
then was to judge other external events, while missing
that core truth or serving the higher vs. lower principles;
and thank science and technologists equivalent to a
new priesthood for not questioning this either, because
they are inherently always right, due to sustained dogma
and ideological beliefs in their own higher awareness,
virtue, values, by ignoring data outside their models yet
in doing so, discarding truth in 'universal calculations'
there seems to be 'an escape velocity from reality' as
a shared situation in online belief systems, for relation
that scales from the group back into individual contexts
as if believing makes it so, and this can be a deception of
the highest order, a mistake so large and dangerous that
before a person realizes it, they are already off the cliff and
it is too late to do anything about it, the ground has shifted
let's say someone is going around stealing and attacking
opponents on the internet. they may not realize this is a
death sentence in a new, changed context. they will be
pursued and eliminated for such activity by another group.
that those are the stakes. not stealing from a toy store,
but taking away others lives, careers, health, tools, etc.
it is not like you can try killing off a people over centuries
and then when it is revealed, the situation will simply involve
saying 'good game', shake hands, and then they will then be
treated equally, and allowed to continue onward as citizens,
even while having practiced genocide and instituted pogroms.
it is much more serious than that. the stakes are as high
as it gets in both mortal and illusory immortal terms. those
seeming the most invincible are the very entities weakest,
yet may never realize it because the illusion is sustained;
so it becomes a test of power, until one day there is failure,
a critical failure beyond the existing parameters and beliefs,
something outside the worldview and ability to imagine it
this is more the nature of what exists and is going on today
so why would the present divulge such core code as master
narrative out-in-the-open, for fear it may be understood and-or
used by the enemy, etc. -- unless the enemy cannot parse it,
because their assembler language is skewed by necessity &
in doing so, forces a given perspective that can be exploited-
such that things are really simple, simple as believed, look at
the mastery we have, look at ourselves in the mirror, aren't we
great, superior, of highest intelligence, the smartest set, etc.
if people are talking about Hegel or Marx or [author/ideas] yet
are not involved in truth and logic and reasoning as part of this
fundamental relation, likely they are involved in the ideological
dynamics of these - language computations - versus grounded
truth that removes the views and langauge of their errors, which
are many. you just cannot transport the past into the present
without some anomalies or aberrations in view, it must also be
accounted for. yet most times none of it is, assumption upon
next assumption, layer upon layer of previous consensus and
"group opinion" relied upon as structure - versus the concepts
and ideas in their purity, as informational models, many that
are skewed or warped when applied as default historic views
ideas about capitalism are crazy. about communism. about
 money. about society. just fucking insane. nonsensical.
insofar as they are detached from actual observable truth
versus beliefs that are shared, copied, exchanged, exploited
for instance, i believe that politics as a category or discipline
likely does not need to exist except within certain conditions
it would seem that a human population, if cohesive identity,
 would only require ~governance, to manage a representative
view (say direct democracy, feedback from citizens of state)
and that this internal-fracturing of the political is an effect of
having an _unshared identity, or multiple identities competing
     group1  <---> group2
such that, each group would have its own politics, and thus
the more there is subdivision, say group1 (a,b,c) , that each
of these then becomes potentially oppositional within whatever
those dimensions or dynamics are likewise (schizphrenica of
the state, as planned, and relativism go together, enable this)
   (politics1a) <--> (politics1b) <--|--> (politics2)
note that both 'inside a shared identity' (1) could be split and
those groups 'outside' the identity (2), thus humans could be
against other humans and against antihumans via politics
this is what confusion gets you, and not having grounding of
views and beliefs in truth, and shared observation allows this
and leads to it as a condition, especially of ideology, as such
ungrounded dynamics are shared via consensus, submitting
or compliance with standards, norms, shared views, etc.
governance, in contrast, could exist just in group 1, or so it
seems, and also in relation to group 2, yet not in opposition:
    (governance)  <--->  (governance)

@_date: 2014-01-08 16:37:34
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides (addenda) 
context: forgot to mention overriding hypothesis that state of
insecure crypto - as with nukes - may be price of peace for
cold war reunification in improved framework, thus structural
duplicity has wider impact than inside states alone, could
also bridge state-state secure relations in parallel with those
that are insecure, allowing for advanced governing relations;
in this way, broken crypto could represent deeper truth of
the inside condition than what is able to be written about,
yet exists as consciousness for those in the industry, etc,
given what perspective, parameters, values, in the deception

@_date: 2014-01-08 17:45:53
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides (corrections) 
sorry: brain damage. correction for brain-blip misinfo...
so an illusion may exist or
(correction: root of one level may not access root of another)
Hayek, Keynes, Hegel, Marx and others had 'some truth'
mucked this up badly- was not to imply my writing biblical,
instead that 'ideas' become theology, referenced text then
have faith-based aspect institutionalized, structuralized as
shared belief systems. sinning against ideology if going
against consensus in its inaccuracy, all of it corruptible
as ideas in their errored state and within language and
social relations, as it becomes or is ungrounded, etc,
then having this be the basis for exchange, development
i think this same thing holds true for patents, of unshared
...correction:  splits and divides the shared condition.
(please ignore that it does not make grammatical sense)
note: gotta say it, because it is relevant- i have social skills
of a 10 year old, never developed or kept pace with others
due to learning/behavioral deficit; not good with groups or
social relations unless about ideas or internet comms;
(aspergers) and, writing skills are horrendous, subpar
by far, some of it involving deteriorated brain function.
lysdexia also ubiquitous issue, i blame phonics.

@_date: 2014-01-08 20:04:44
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: hacker != cracker (Re: Swartz, Weev & radical libertarian lexicon) 
References: <52CAA24E.5060809
 <20140107221552.GA30141
 <4963866.WpBD6rzBPb
 <20140108160339.GB5008
(that is a beautiful idea)

@_date: 2014-01-08 21:36:29
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Fw: Hi, I'm from the government and I'm here to screw you 
References:  <20140109015715.C986322810B
(perhaps that is it then, if a circling c-130 electronics warfare aircraft
can siphon up all signals in a given geography else satellite overhead
and access all Vehicle IDs to target and track. thanks for the info)

@_date: 2014-01-09 23:25:13
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Fw: Hi, I'm from the government and I'm here to screw you 
References:  <20140110000159.694BE2280CD
Dan, thanks for the challenge. here is my feedback...
i think this approach is very interesting, first off. it provides
a perspective or different view into the framework of issues;
my understanding and awareness of these as universals is
extremely limited by lack of experience and understanding,
and i thus immediately a boundary presents itself involving
being able to take such a view, because of the complexity
that is not sorted out within the various terms as they may
split, one or many ways, into very different interpretations
or even realities. i tend to think that this top-most view is
subsequential to figuring out such contradictory dynamics
though as a hypothesis or starting point it presents the idea
of modeling the situation in these terms and given parameters,
 which is interesting to me because it is a view i do not readily
consider and yet it also is a series of recurrent questioning
oftentimes encountered as if a boundary or enigma, how is
this situation constructed, how can others exist within such
seemingly different frameworks yet share similar values, etc
so, my sense is that -as a perspective- it is one view into
this situation, which i think could be called a [model] of the
stated dynamics, and people or machines existing within
whatever this model contains could have different views of
or into the various structures it contains, perhaps some
are similar or different, shared or unshared structures yet
in their truth there is universality within the modeling itself
so the idea of establishing an accurate model via concepts,
trying to hypothesize and capture this situation within some
approximate then refined structure, ~categories, though also
questioning this as a paradigm that may actually break away
from known or accounted for history or challenge conceptions,
perhaps most in an integrated interdisciplinary view woven of
the many dimensions and dynamics as they overlap, begin
to take on shape of a larger whole. and to do this, within a
condition of paradox, then requires more than the prevailing
 and instituted binary view (2-value) in a relativistic context.
thus to get at and access and 'model' [concepts], such as
the various structures and links and relations and dynamics,
then requires an increased diagnostic capacity able to adjust
and account for individual and group views, that may begin in
specificity or observations of finite observers, where bounded
observations also -because of language and communication-
have inherent bias, warping, skew, distortion built-into this
process of exchanging ideas, information, viewpoints. thus
issues of différance (0) a la de|con-struction of linguistics
and other methodologies, which i propose include 3-value
and N-value logic to address this issue of paradox and in
this way, also establish a common empirical framework
in which various views can be resolved, error-corrected via
many observations of an event, in parallel, (this, panoptic)
so a question pre-exists about how could such a viewpoint
be established in a common frame of reference, a 'world'
that is shared, even while people are separated, isolated,
and perhaps exist in chaos, decoherence at every level
with very few shared links or nodes in common, such
that _language and _communication may not account
for what is actually shared versus what is represented;
like the disconnected between one-way mass media and
viewers and readership which are fed a propaganda diet
which becomes normalized as a viewpoint, this sustained
by institutions and culture at large, including educational
programs from K-12-PhD -- while also a false perspective
in that the inaccurate 'shared view' held in common then
is based in a distortion feeding energy into some process
by its adherence, allowing the machine and people to be
defined in such terms as a basis for existence, relations;
even though it is hostile, against life, truth, principles, etc
and so to realize and recognize this 'shared view' is false,
in some fundamental way, then maps back to its structures
which sustain it- and these indicate the underlying [model]
itself is false in some significant and profound way yet it is
also not being accounted for, and instead ignored, as if a
non-issue and people are stupid and just supposed to obey
their rulers, go along because it benefits those at the top of
the machinery which it is killing and crushing those below
thus it is necessary to consider there are different positions
within the existing model, viewpoints, that may access the
truth contained or embedded within it, in its accuracy and
depth, perhaps hidden to many people who may never be
able to escape the illusion and delusion due to brainwashing
of media, and conversation and language as standardized as
it relates to indoctrination into a belief system where certain
ideological dogma is rewarded, and helps people to survive,
as if this then defines 'fitness' within those warped terms
and yet what i was trying to contribute to establishing, as
others including yourself, is another modeling of events that
more accurately describes 'lived reality' from within this state,
and yet immediately a limit or barrier exists that divides such
 viewpoints - for others it may not be equated with living or with
reality, it could be a simulation and they could be avatars for
instance, in a given view of what is going on, and another view
could equate the situation with being in a [movie], and thus an
inherent and massive complexity exists where any 'universal
viewpoint' is most likely not shared by default, of a given first
person model of events applicable to the shared set of humans
and instead any such structure must be able to account for,
say in the mysterious dimensions, time-travel, aliens, or other
dimensions and dynamics that may not fit the a priori 'history'
that is the default view as projected by mass media as shared
condition or common narrative. it may be in part true, yet not
wholly accurate to account for the range of what is occurring
nor the depth and breadth (scale) of what the issues involve,
and the kinds of considerations that may exist within issues
of identity, relations, awareness, knowledge, consciousness,
exchange, organization, value, politics, governance, war, etc
in that, perhaps historical modeling is significantly off-course
in how the past and present-day situation exist and thus how
they are represented via words, language, imagery, textbooks,
video, radio-- in that 'the perspectives' may be warped or may
be too limited, say only to views of private man, universalized,
as if the common framework in its subjectivity, finitism, though
ignoring this, such that it is beyond questioning or debate at
the level of ideas (in terms of actual logical reasoning needed
to refute or falsify wrong or errored views and beliefs) and thus
a disconnect from 'shared reality' may occur via this relativism,
which becomes peoples right, as 'independent individuals', to
include any citizen who then can move through the world in
terms of selfish genetics as these scale to demographics or
private groups with shared self-interest, as the default model
of the shared-yet-divided state, the ideology shared yet only
benefiting fewer and fewer over time, as the state collapses
in upon itself, having no realistic foundation across citizenry
in terms of shared value, beyond that of lottery winners of $
either by class or station, circumstance or rigged privilege
problem with this is an older generation had success in the
false model, prior to collapse. that must have been the game,
because their success was at the cost of everyone afterward,
yet they view themselves superior, as if people are lazy and
not interested in working, etc. 'if i was a teenager today...'
thing is: when they went to school, you could still learn and
be taught things. in these days, 'truth' has been removed
from the education system, there is instead helplessness
that is institutionalized, unless you are lucky enough to
break free or break into the technology industry and have
enough basic support to do, then a viable life path exists-
otherwise traditional modes are failures, unless vocational
though that also oftentimes is not testing the limits of how
things are functioning, and exists within given parameters
to some extent, versus a university model of the past that
sought to develop these models and test and question them
and rewarded scholars and thinkers for this pursuit instead
of trying to ruin them and fail them and keep them outside,
out of the feedback loop, because it benefits the machine
and its tenders the most, the given technocratic governing
based on machine-values, people as only behavioral-trained
robots via submission and-or psychiatric and "illegal" drugs
so, any given issue like [work] or [school] as a perspective
is likely unshared because it does not parse the same across
generations, and oftentimes an older constituency of the state,
those most privileged and served by the existing corruption,
seem to think their views superior and more knowing of the
conditions and accurate - instead of out of touch and out of
date, nostalgic and unreal to others existing in very different
circumstances and parameters and dynamics, generations
upon generations subsidized by handouts from the retired-
class, who have all the money not inside billionaires coffers
a level of unrealistic luxury exists that is subsidized by this
oppression of the state over entire populations to support
 and sustain that illusion -- yet some of that ilk _believe that
their success is due to their hard work, entrepreneurial savvy
and not from advantages of structural injustice, exploitation
 of others, crooked operations as it were, in the day to day.
instead, they are superior, the false supermen, propped up
in this narcissistic illusion where they are the standard and
ideal, not relating or accounting for the wasteland created
so they could have all the goodies and then gloat about it
in terms of caesars -by the millions- villas everywhere with
lavish accoutrements, and yet none of them leaders either
in this expanded domain. instead, followers of the zeitgeist
within the given parameters, not questioning beyond those
self-interested and defining conditions allowing this 'being',
the civilization of war and ruin driven by their selfish desire
in that it is not questioned, instead becoming ideological,
the rule and the measurement by which others are judged
and this equates with money as ultimate, absolute truth,
that level of materialism then believed as if UTOPIA for
the friction-free set who take on these machine values
and succeed within those parameters, highly aligned w/
institutions, science and technology, professions, and the
given 'economic' system as a social and political agenda
(questions of its grounding or in-depth analysis of views of
this, not delved into to retain ongoing sketch of relations..)
so there are many who 'succeed' in this system, many of
whom are 'types', such as [hackers] or [cryptologists] who
may either work for businesses built-by such ideologues or
partake in relations in and across the various frameworks.
and yet again this is split, just because employed or in a
subset relation within these structures, say directly inside
~technocratic management of automated state machinery,
does not necessarily align with values or self-governing yet
in some cases it does: money-money as major world axis,
as it supposedly grounds into a localized fiction as if reality
for others, [hackers] and [cryptologists], this state condition
is dystopia, an inversion of the ideal, opposite the goal and
a condition of cognitive dissonance, by a variety of means
and measures- whether drug culture versus traditional values
or the problems of thinking, where supplanting 'programmer-
concepts' onto populations is a dangerous judgement made
and foolish if not considering and accounting for implications
of treating humans as binary bits, leaving out the anomalies
(this a diseased view of scientific ideology as if pure religion)
 any category that exists, any concept within the model has
differing dynamics and exists in differing contexts that then
influence what is observed, related, exchanged; in this way,
like the archetype, some symbolic calculus could occur or
be performed that, if not accurately taking into account the
differentiation or specificity (additional or unique dimensions)
could then arrive at the wrong sums or viewpoints in turn
a classic western example of the Church being [angels]...
if someone starts to convey perceptions about 'angels' that
could indicate a range of interpretations in the given category
or set. such that: angels(good,bad). further, some accounts
of angels have 'bad angels' as ultimately serving good and
likely 'good angels' who fail to do so, so even that next level
of structure is still ambiguous in terms of definite meaning
     'angels' (good{good,evil}, bad{good,evil})
likewise with hackers, or cryptographers, etc. and thus this
sets up a condition that in non-religious terms may reflect a
certain complexity of stated versus unstated values as it may
relate to how relations or exchange exists, given the context
an entity exists within, how they are situated, operating in it
in other words, ---deep---in---technocracy--- there are people
who value 'money' and others who value 'truth' as their basis
for governance and rule, of self and in relation with others
the issue of dual-hats is thus contextualized within this, as
it may relate in these parameters yet not be recognized via
language or communication -openly-, outside an encrypted
form of communication, due to secrecy, limits or thresholds
that format behavior, relations, 'the common viewpoint', as it
is standardized, becomes social, political, society at scale
people alone, isolated, in their unlike and unrelated identity
that may remain hidden, even persecuted if not following the
ideological framework, even if 'alternative' or rebels or whatnot;
there is basically no outside to this condition, unless somehow
you dig yourself into such a strange isolated scenario that the
lack of capacity to describe or account for it is a boundary for
others accurate perceptions or accounting, if not as stealth;
in that it cannot compute, exists beyond categories, etc
the great thing about isolation and individuals who are human
and live for truth, achieving grounding with all that is, cosmic
circuit as consciousness, is that as with the noosphere or
atmosphere of ideas, a person can be alone and still tap into
this larger truth, its dimensions beyond local constraints and
limits of relations of those surrounding. unlike having no money,
a person cannot then enjoy the riches of money. or perhaps
more accurately, whatever truth a person accesses then can
be linked to a larger interconnected realm, this richness then
opening up as awareness, unfolding as new consciousness
which is shared by those of the past, present, future, even
and especially with nature as this open-book, if finding keys
to unlock various chapters, categories, concepts, dimensions
so a person could exist in an organization amongst others yet
their 'shared condition' could be split between [money|truth] as
the parameter of value, say at the material level of work and of
pursuits and life goals. and what results could then be thought
about and evaluated in these terms, perhaps a range of them;
the necessity & utility of money balanced by/weighed against
truth and moral and ethical principles and guidelines, direction.
so the simplest thing like a person having a job or career as it
translates as categorical [work] then is loaded with potentials,
as to how this situation grounds, into the larger empirical truth
and-or into the surrounding falsity and its 'shared perspective';
noting that this 'sharing' could be at the group level or rely on
a case-by-case basis, or unshared in certain dimensions, etc
thus, a model, people as observers, context in which views
are established, and relations, as it relates with core value
it is impossibly difficult to generalize this at the top-level as
this 'shared condition' is without accurate foundation, in that
each _structure or concept is itself split to multiple levels &
interconnected with others in ecological, nonlinear dynamics
that may be as unique as N-dimensional fingerprints for each
view, and then as differing or shared views relate, this further
difference and connection, coherence and alignment and-or
else decoherence and misalignment or detachment, isolation
if considering humans may have innate capacity for modeling
such empirical truth as 'shared consciousness' by default, it
then could be questioned if human relations are based within
a framework of quantum dynamics, where information flits in
and out of various paired or entangled patterns, recognized or
fragmentary constructs awaiting corresponding puzzle piece,
 and thus this 'reality' is computational as logical reasoning,
awareness related to grounding circuits, energy/matter/truth
as mentioned previously, then, a concept such as 'the military'
could be split as a category and may map differently for some
people than others, based on values, relations, circumstance
and it seems in the superficial materialistic view that drives
this madness that what is represented as [military] equates
with a representation or model aligned with the values of
money above all else, serving the ideology and its greed,
as if the military is a toy moved around on a gameboard,
even while immense suffering is involved, death, torture,
all of this ignored for the lifestyle it affords, power it allows
thus, it is as if there is a fantasy going on, an ideological
entity called 'the military' that for some is icon of patriotism
and mediated this way, as with those out-of-touch, such that
it seems as if it is a movie set that events take place within,
as if a CAVE simulation that is modeling devolved society,
and then having avatars enter into events as mimics or actors
that are also detached from 'the situation on the ground' that
exists, that coldness that is machine-like if not unthinking,
the brute force approach then equating violence with truth,
the more powerful then defining or determining what is real
at the same time not allowing this analysis to take place
within civilization in terms of logic, only shared faith, belief
that then becomes and is private, faith-based 'government'
i imagine you and i and others relate to a different [military]
that orients itself in terms of truth-- that this is its mission.
and that observation alone reframes historical dynamics in
a geopolitical framework, the cold war instantly remapped,
and things begin to make more sense in these parameters
so how could more than one [military] exist? it could be an
issue of perspective, seeing something from different angles
or it could involve more than this. a different military exists
within different parameters, though may not be related to
as such. this is to then consider, for instance, how this
situation could be planned for millennia in advance, to
include creating a power vacuum filled by impersonators
with a hostile agenda, whereby territory or categories are
ceded in order to establish an illusory perspective at scale
this is the same situation as citizens, whereby any given
[citizen] could be friend or foe, worldwide, in human terms.
the truth is more involved than the category alone, and thus
[human citizen] who aligns with truth, in shared framework
is a different citizen than [antihuman] aligned with money
so upon further reflection after writing and then rereading
my recent previous views, it was realized this issue gets
right at the heart of empirically modeling the conundrum;
that this division or split between money and truth is some
way of approximating a condition that is also perceptible or
felt in daily and lived experience with regard to existing and
immense 'categories' in conflict, such as capital, capitalism,
communism, socialism, democracy, and so on. the thing is,
these ideas or concepts are being mediated within language
by default, not within logic beyond skewed binary viewpoints
as a basis for communication and relations via language. in
this way, the way they parse as 'data' is very different given
what perspective an observer has- ie. where they ground..
for instance, 'capital' is a very different idea if modeled in
terms of its being money, than in terms of its being truth.
and thus [capital] as it is represented, mediated, related to
by self and others could split based on how it is evaluated,
perceived or parsed, in its money-as-truth approach, or in
shared truth as a basis for money, allowing trade, exchange.
the latter approach tends towards shared morals and ethics,
the former towards greed and selfishness, disregard of others
thus, [capitalism] where 'truth' has no value would tend then
to have money be this truth, by standing in for it as the most
tangible material representation, an icon even of value itself.
that would be one version or interpretation, another approach
to [capitalism] could value 'ideas' and 'concepts' in their truth,
which then is the basis for money, trade, exchange, planning
and development. where competition and cooperation ground
to different circuits than money as the highest shared value
"culture" in these differing approaches would likely be entirely
different. the money-based approach superficial, about quick
and ever-increasing profit (as morality, ethics, 'the good', etc)
whereas in a truth-based culture, ~representation would have
depth, connecting and situating the present within the centuries
and gain value from this structural relation, refinement, sharing
of principles and awareness as integral process of development;
in this way, truth and virtue would be discerned within aesthetics,
insight and education and learning would be cherished, and the
pursuit of higher goals, principles, and ideals the common fabric
[democracy] likewise splits the state along these similar lines,
in which money and politics establish ungrounded relations with
the communication of media and those people 'representing' us,
becoming a form of detachment, isolation, division, confusion in
 that what is said is not what is done, what is believed is a lie.
whereas if it is based in truth, another layer could co-exist that
servers beyond parameters of politics and money, involving the
subtleness and nuance of governance with truth at its core, as
an encrypted channel that those of others value may never see
nor identify nor relate to or through, this boundary unshared by
'citizens', in this difference, a pretext for civil war, for both sides;
those who conform and those who do not fit in, based on values
[religion] could be parsed in this money/truth context yet it is
likely self-evident, the superficial versus indepth commitment
to truth, as institutions and representers may be corrupted
or fail or serve other beliefs - though at its core, an issue of
faith and belief -- in truth, or in money as this ultimate truth,
which side are you on, who do you serve, what principles, etc.
(the point here being that [institutions] can become faith-based,
once based on unfettered truth then falling to money as truth,
via corruption of ideas, organization, relations, via ideology)
[socialism] also, aligned with money or aligned with truth.
and this is one of those scenarios where it is oftentimes a
layer in another category- say: religion(socialism) as this
parses different if truth of ideas are of value, the basis for
human relations, or money determines, formats this firstly;
it could co-exist or likely the materialistic money-based
view could govern over the other hidden belief in truth as
the basis and evaluation of these concepts in their social,
economic, or governing parameters. this is the complexity
likewise [communism]. say firmly situated in technocratic
embrace, both as idea and ideology. in some forms it may
be a method of political engineering, say shipping broken
items or sabotaging processes, censoring views which is
a repeated technique for managing and maintaining control.
this could not just involve 'ideas' of doing these things, the
goal could be to deprive others not based on greater truth
and instead, on power over it, to define what is true as a
result of controlling what can and cannot happen, thus the
issue of freedom and bureaucracy making the decisions.
it would seem at some point this extreme material view
aligns perfectly with political opposition and subversion,
and ultimately has its truth rendered as money as the
highest shared value, in that 'the group' benefits in such
monetary terms by their tactics against the opposition,
to maintain a given relation via control of parameters and
that deep within this is a historical viewpoint functioning
as dogma, a belief system based on indoctrination that
cannot be questioned in its rightness beyond a particular
juncture and thus is 'closed' as a system of questioning,
insofar as its economics, politics, relations are already
figured out in advance, leading to oligarchy seemingly
of controlling and ruling class of upper-level bureaucrats
in this way 'commercial communism' and 'corporate
democracy' as definers of existing dynamics moreso
than any terms of alone. the ideology of "economics"
as religion, the dollar as icon of 'shared value' minus
the morality and ethics of "In God We Trust" then the
compact between producer and consumer, or exploiter
and exploited in many relations without 'shared identity'
in the same subset, nor similar value as basis for relation
and exchange. in this way, shipping of broken goods to
those not in the shared set, these politics, while taking
the money is an approach shared also by the corrupt
capitalist approach-- they are virtually identical, when
considered in terms of politics and money, they have
the same purpose, this worldly immediate materialism
that perfectly aligns with short-term politics and money
as if parsing everything in terms of money as ultimate
value is morality, and if it is shared by a given group it
is good, or if it is not, it is threatening, must be stopped
academia is very much under control of this spell, as
'ideas' themselves are forced out, censored, to maintain
control over organization and management of resources,
the path or assemblyline of culture and its development,
as if thinking is bad for factory workers, an evil trait today
in fact, it would seem all education suffers from ideology
that aligns with this materialistic bias of a too-simple
viewpoint, unable to be corrected- because it is religion
minus its truth, instead, pure greed and nothingness is
at the core, an absence, void, emptiness, non-being as
if enlightened, transcendent, instead of devoid, detached,
disconnected, disembodied, dumbed-down, destroyed
 in the past, the ideas of communism in their truth were
able to be valued. there is something here that is worth
considering and needs to be recognized. note also the
role of philosophy in recognizing this form of governance
and also religion, carrying on these structures within the
various relevant parameters -- in their truth. as they are
subverted or corrupt, falling again to money and politics,
the great divide of culture, peoples, civilization, both its
internal and external fracturing, false pangea to NWO
When we -- the collective we -- are dependent on something, we are
i believe [human] as category can encompass all variations
in their truth, as a 'we' if this truth is accounted for. if in a simulation
or partial-simulation in a parallel-reality being engineered or modeled
in suspended- and real-time, some may be interacting in a 'movie'
context, as actors or avatars, and others may know only this as
their life, as citizens. though i tend to think this 'big split' exists
so that there is a bifurcated [model] of everything proposed here.
i would then say- yes, i think it is truth that is opposed, denied.
as it is bigger than issues of capitalism, democracy, socialism,
yet is embedded in these. the view of governance should allow
the truth of these dynamics, their dimensions to co-exist in their
relational structures, whereas politics and ideology can disallow it.
thus calibration is incredibly difficult and mainly an issue of belief,
if not grounded beyond language and communication of signage,
that is, within logic, to parse concepts and programming in their
relational code - evaluated in terms of truth, logical reasoning that
addresses and neutralizes binary biasing (evil faith which is what
supports and aligns with money as sacrament in church of state)
not being able to account for this- while having everything defined
in terms of 'economics' by priesthood with business philosophy ?!
what humans require is truth, this is necessary to attain accurate
relation with self, others, modeling of situation, communications,
foundation for civilization and culture, basis for awareness, reality
in this way, loss of truth, reality has been stolen, false viewpoint
persists, defended by corrupt institutions politically managed
The world is increasingly interdependent, hence increasingly at
people(humans,antihumans) exist within a machine state managed
in terms of technocracy, aligned both with money and truth as value.
hackers, cryptographers, others, situated in these daily frameworks,
relating or not within specific dimensions. what is essential varies.
     money (humans,antihumans,hackers,cryptographers)
     truth (humans,antihumans,hackers,cryptographers)
relation between person and military (money|truth) likewise variable,
what military, what network, what is instrumental -as dimension-
interdependence is a shared set condition, can be nested, though
in terms of grounded circuit, what appears relational may not be
how it actually functions in truth, such that if parameters shift or
framework changes, a different circuit could appear or co-exist
and become operational. what is instrumentalized may be latent
or non-operational, potential, like Heideggers 'standing reserve'
wonderful books by Paul Shepheard, view conveyed either in
What is Architecture? or The Cultivated Wilderness (1) about
the military and natural and built if not virtual environment as
related to observing, taking notice of what surrounds a person
tactics, operations, strategy, delineated/described as concepts
it is a difficult realm to communicate within unless others able
to situate themselves in these parameters, perhaps inherent in
the infrastructure as war model, war machine, fortress, defensive
and offensive, preparing the battlefield, etc. i do not have direct
knowledge or experience with these parameters, yet as ideas
in their truth, they also seem pertinent in accounting for strange
and anomalous characteristics that prevail as 'the status quo',
perhaps the only way to make sense of the ongoing madness
(in its truth, versus represented and believed normal and okay)
the issue of interdependence seems miniscule from where i am
whereas others are highly-connected, benefit from shared set
dynamics and truth that is active, informs shared direction
from this perspective in what is proposed as a 'shared model'
there is a limit to what can be communicated or related to or
through in terms of ideas, based on previous established and-
or institutionalized consensus, that becomes a barrier to what
can be shared or communicated about due to 'unshared views',
experiences or beliefs that map differently, given relativism,
narrowed evaluation, and bias including power-based relations
instead of:   signal <---> signal
   (signal) NOISE <---> NOISE (signal)
that initial protocol and handshake usually mismatched from
the very start within [category] relations and between various
category-category dynamics and relations, such that the need
for interdisciplinary mesh-reality cannot be established within a
ruling context of authoritative relativistic truth (based on money
as shared framework for legitimacy, versus analysis of ideas),
in that economics often determines value and this precedes
questioning of ideas beyond that initial boundary, like a stamp
at the gate, PASS or FAIL, and most everything fails because
grounded reasoning and logic is gone from this evaluation, in
that 'binary bias' and ideology manage this interconnectivity
it is thus always a fight, to share ideas, to gain access, as
ideas are secondary to money as truth, to what manages
the 'shared set' and its reality. perhaps a fragile situation
and tentative balance, yet it is total weakness and failure
of principles of democracy, freedom of ideas, expression,
communication, ideals of debate, sharing of viewpoints
in terms of a public commons- everything privatized in this
narrowed interpersonal collegial framework of privileges &
status that then define the atmosphere as an authority-
based power-structure, where truth is voted on, consensus.
utterly confusing to those not integrated with institutions,
to see this compromise of reasoning to a lesser state of
relation, managerial, ubiquitous across the internet today
it is not to presume there may not be different dynamics
than this, yet to 'communicate about truth' or share ideas
beyond the known boundary appears to be a serious issue
of personal security that limits what can occur at the group
scale, as any individual could become gatekeeper or allow
such gatekeeping, though email lists themselves basically
have died in a larger realm of ideas and thinking, now it is
social media where each person has PASS/FAIL stamp
as interface to individual reality, constructing own view or
relativistic perspective, perhaps largely ungrounded beyond
the narrow criteria evaluated, perhaps leaving out other views
that could challenge beliefs, etc. 'interdependence' in that
context is quite different, the isolation or relations may not
ever reach the ideas in their truth, beyond chit-chat, (thus
'Are We Amusing Ourselves to Death'? etc). it suggests
there is an absence of 'truth' within communications, that
it is very minimal, such that it may maintain connection
yet is not involved in significant transfer of ideas or truth
at the scale and complexity of the situation that exists
and must be mediated, and instead it seems escapist,
a fantasyland or pre-school for adults, to fuck around
with seeming no consequence while others lives are
absolutely brutal for taking it on and suffering alone or
being taken out while others 'in group' continue doing
the same. the issue of 'trying to have a conversation'
is instantly met with censorship, by people themselves
because it goes over their own protected viewpoints &
must be controlled through distancing, filters, limitations
versus - i don't know- questioning beliefs, being fallible,
correcting known errors, improving modeling, observation
this risk averseness then is extremely relevant to limits
to sharing ideas that do not fit into the ruling ideology,
because it may harm someone else economic interests
and oftentimes these are people are otherwise interesting
yet cannot deal with ideas, cannot handle views that go
beyond their own framework. and it is crippling, and it is
the basis for a conceit that people believe they know
more than they actually do, and yet then cannot engage
what is going on because it is over their head, own models
thus communication, relation, shared views are stopped
to some degree it is understandable. though at a certain
point it is not acceptable to remove personal responsibility
from the equation of 'societal relations' and assume that
following is always going to be an option or allowed, for
those that cannot think for themselves beyond sharing of
beliefs that are not understood or observed in their truth
(in this way, ignorance can be evil, and it is institutionalized)
so this as an attempt to convey, military dimensions in their
truth is a subset condition or relation few seem cognizant of
and operate and evaluate in other terms, oftentimes appearing
very shallow and in service to wrong values, if through ignorance.
i think mass surveillance in society is such a case, where the
ideology says only 'few' by default are legitimate targets when
this is not the situation on the ground, though it serves the self
interest of a naive and privileged set that benefit most from it,
who are politically passive and benefiting from the status quo
perhaps most, by following the ruling paradigm, operating within
the jetstream of culture, then pronouncing morality, ethics, and
culture from this position as if of higher virtue even, while taken
in the more accurate context it is against security interests for
any thinking person who is not bullshitting themselves in the
mirror every day to maintain a false-perspective and relations,
that is, things just aren't that fucking easy. they never were
in the realm that things get done on the scale off civilization
For the individual whose mindset of tradeoff is "I want all the
makes sense, well put, it is hard to understand the different circuits
and parameters others must mediate the larger shared situation
within, i go by my heart oftentimes, though routinely am challenged
to think another who has such insight and values truth could perhaps
serve a false order than what is allowed in the shared empirical model,
because it seems that is what life is about, gaining and securing that
access and then beginning to live, after making it through this struggle
that this is not a condition of life, that this is hell, this is the world
as cemetery and prison, freedom is often not even recognizable in
the day to day, when parsed at a fundamental level of relations,
identity, culture, the state, etc. the description of hoarding toys is
also indicator of that layer of ideology as institutionalized authority
and ethos of 'businessmen' as if supermen, again. to mention that
the idea of [man] as shared set is largely fictional in the present day
in that [man] maps to all of these corruptions, even public man who
is rationalizing events in terms of his manness, particular man-story
in the epic swindle of mankind as substitute/representer for humanity
i think manhood is a 1950s concept that becomes a conceit for
mimics and subverts relations between people and with women,
and thus 'human male' or 'human female' or 'human wo|man' then
is part of this identity issue, as it relates to shared sets (human)
versus unshared. in that those who gloat are also 'men' who were
at the sweet-spot of this exploitation and further collapse, they are
in the best position to manage, and this shared private identity of
'man' and 'men' is part of the dogma, including internal-sexuality
(men-men) as a basis for defining the public, without females even
yet to mention such things goes against instituted law - based on
a flawed constitution - that then upholds these views as privileged
and allows the exploitation to be further structuralized, continued
thus limit to relations can even be within a gender-category, that
as a human male i think most of these "super-men" are full of shit
and this has not been accounted for beyond the rigged portrayals
None of us here should be unwise enough to describe what we are
again, another critically important concept: the short circuit.
breaking the false connections and allowing rewiring of self,
with others, breaking group dynamics then reestablishing other
relations based on shared dimensions, dynamics, based in truth
and not serving the regime of pseudo-truth that seeks to manages
or keep truth away, out of central or shared processing, scalability
there is ubiquitous censorship. it seems to begin in closing of minds.
Back to you,
(0) Différance
(1) books by Paul Shepheard
note: science and thus technocracy based on limited pseudo-truth (pT)
vs (T) is how it is corrupted, turns into ideology, gains political power,
not accounting for this allows an immoral priesthood to govern over us
and develop and extend onesided policies aligned with machine-values
where money is the objective, the determiner of ~reality, 'shared goals'
note: more money does not necessarily correlate with greater truth,
yet this is often the conceit of those with more money, status, power
and how ideas can be shut down based on position within society as
if it corresponds with greater knowing, versus other driving principles;
perhaps this is why people cannot think for themselves as truth has
no value in this scheme, financial punishment following if unfavored;
thus forced obedience,obeyance of power over truth as if truth itself,
as this cascades through individual, group, society, state relations
[20.02] (8) 4Q (6) [3/4]

@_date: 2014-01-10 13:02:59
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Fw: Hi, I'm from the government (addenda) 
(need to clarify this statement so it makes some sense...)
i believe the "success" of the capitalist system based on money
as primary value - from individual scaled up to local/global state -
is an ILLUSION. a fiction that is not supported by facts evaluated
in terms other than money (that is, where money equates w/truth)
an earlier generation benefited by the existing system and then
collapsed. such that, once upon a time a person could get a
decent education, a living wage job, pay their bills, marry and
have a family, own a vehicle, purchase a house (e.g. $10,000
about 40 years ago that today may be $150,000 and upwards),
and then even start a business, or have a thing aka 'a career',
that would be a path towards retirement, relaxation in old age
those who succeeded, especially at a higher rate of profitability
then could support their children and make up the gap, where
school began to cost more money, house mortages needed a
downpayment which parents could pay as gift, or a car would
be purchased as a leg up, especially as living wage becomes
few and far between, college debt balloons, the family unit
collapses thus foundational social relations evaporates, and
yet these weaknesses could be managed by those with such
larger financial connections. and if they - the children - succeed
in this system, it is viewed as the system is working and not
that it is based on subsidizing it within the basic parameters,
via those who have more wealth propping up those who do not
the myth of 'self-made' person then, that hoary arrogant belief
is not only based on a corrupt implementation that benefits a
few people at the expense of the many, structurally, it also is
based on a privilege utilized and extended by those who have
money, as it subsidizes their staying 'within the system' as if
more competitive and fit, morally superior, than those without
such an additional support structure. survival then can largely
depend on existing wealth in proximity to an individual who is
otherwise in a situation supposedly on the level with others,
 and in this way, basic relations and dynamics often involve
string-pulling or behind-the-scenes influence to how various
situations play out, as if ~natural, based on competition or
superior skills or ability, than having one person financed by
a hidden investor and others not, as it whittles away people
who can do more than be subsidized, follow rules, draw in
the lines, not upset investors or risk the support structure;
(so too, 'father figure' as if god, moral, wise, all that bullshit)
it is systematic private tutelage required for the 'capitalist'
system to _appear to work, as it is then represented that
people are independent, pulling themselves up by their own
bootstraps, versus having (really, actually, public) subsidies
(via theft of the commons). so this is to say 'parents' and-or
'families' can provide this over generations, depending also
on exactly how wealthy they are- such that grandparents
can contribute to college via retirement funds or whatever,
stock dividends for a given year- while also checking their
social security because- you know, ~it is 'their money'...
(in such a way that working poor are subsidizing the rich,
and this pressure then increases the yearly livability gap)
at the top of society and the top of this heat of madness is
'superman', the male head of household, whose spouse or
wife -if not yet divorced- has likely sacrificed her goals and
her freedoms to allow this illusion of mastery to develop...
one person's freedoms sacrificed for freedoms of another
(though this also happens on a mass scale). the 'man' is
then the person who "thinks" and "knows" and "decides"
and financial success is tied to his success and abilities;
again, an illusion. divorce an indication this is imbalanced
as a relational condition- spouse as servant or handmaid.
so too entire families can prop up the narcissistic ego of
'the breadwinner' who then conquers society, hunts prey
to gain survival and existence, and then this belief in his
superiority based on success in these defined parameters.
i am good at business- i am a warrior! etc. identity of man
funneled into certain functioning that is removed of goals
and views outside his own immediate need, this privilege
then equated with larger social responsibility as it maps
to the state at large, he is the soldier fighting the war by
pursuing his own self interest, he is the competitor, the
decider, the succeeder, the intellect, the champion of
his own life and those who he supports around him.
the problem is that it is mostly bullshit, based on lies.
that this 'survival of the fittest' is highly rigged, based on
special and unique privileges, corruption, not accounting
for truth, and believing in inhuman values that govern over
social and other relations by default, as if emancipatory,
an ideal model for state functioning, best of all possible
worlds, where it is his world, his ideas, his goals and
beliefs, his interests first, that define, manage, evaluate
the shared situation in his onesided terms and views,
while errors are ignored based on higher authority as if
a godhead, infallible, because 'he' is -history- effectively
so some massive shithead like this then spreads the word
as if simpleton business philosophy is real deal; concepts
like [property] and [capital] and [work] and also [education]
are brought to bear for constructing and relaying his POV...
so this warped privileged, false-perspective then is shared
and communicated about as if _standard, its corruption and
false portrayal and non-accountability then normalized as if
the measure by which other actions are held against, judged
by virtue of 'what works' without calculating it beyond money
[property] to this bastard fuck is having an education and
degree lined up, a wife, a family, a house, vehicles, house,
(probably cabin or perhaps additional real estate), career,
vacations, travel, stuff beyond what any person needs (as
this relates to inefficiency and hoarding of material goods)
others in another generation may not even have a family
structure, they may not attain an education or degree that
allows career or work in field of interest, a living income is
likely not available, they cannot afford a house, they have
no spouse or even social relations potentially, they could
not afford a vehicle, or to maintain it, or insurance, they
may not have enough for food or clothing, they live within
the property of another as renter, they never had a vacation,
they cannot travel, and they fall outside culture due to lack
of access or barriers to participation, and many view them
as leeches and parasites of society for taking _away wealth
from the succeeding and working class, even while systems
that sustain these others or that they function within are the
very cause for this incapacitation and state of degradation
so the very ideology that is judging the 'failures' as immoral
is the reason for this structural condition- its very -success-
and yet this maps to a view that those with money are better
than those without, more virtuous, by natural ability in terms
of competition, versus this situation rigged to benefit some
at the cost of many, while not allowing it to be accounted for
because it is only evaluated in terms of money, not of its truth
'handouts' from the rich to those dependent whether legally or
not, say children of these benefactors of state corruption, then
create the false perspective that these 'citizens' thus subsidized
are actually succeeding in the original parameters and are not
propped up by those who actually benefited the most, and thus
trickle-down is intergenerational from within family bloodlines,
and not outside this private context, unless somehow views of
philanthropy are equated with providing people with a fair and
equal chance of success in competition-- that is not occurring.
instead it is symbolic, to make it appear as if the system works
in its functioning, that its ideological principles and beliefs are
fundamentally 'true' based on continuing -subsidized- successes
this is not 'a little grease in the wheel', this is requirement of
having the grease canister perpetually attached to the wheel
while others must go and function without, a deficit or gap
which structurally and knowingly leads to their demise. this
is the lie, that religious view that cannot be challenged and
such heresy is quickly medicated away as rantings of crazy
persons who are jealous and inferior, greedy, selfish, unkind
thus, a view of [property] if evaluated in this range of potential
interactions, could be a condition of power and mastery, over
others and supposedly over the self (by way of narcissistic ego)
and it can inherently involve subjugation of others to maintain or
sustain this view which remains unaccounted for, whereas these
other views of property are from the perspective of subjugation,
of having these idiot superior fucks gloating about their power
and supporting their weak-thinking genetic herds of monetists
who think society only revolves around them and their needs,
that they are the determiners of value, while truth of this is
not accounted for beyond private limits and beliefs, which
the corrupt US constitution allows as a warped prerogative
entire professions based on this belief system, 'disciplines',
modes of being, this enronomic inflation of shared ungrounded
value held in common, the basis for 'mechanics of property' as
this becomes economists, lawyers, businessmen, entrepreneurs
who benefit from this condition and work to extend it for a limited
shared set they belong to. in this way, the hypothesis that such
corrupt capitalism is indistinguishable from corrupt communism,
that it is entirely materialist, value is based on money, its control
and 'thinking is bad' that does not conform to the belief system,
and can be edited out, censored, destroyed, as if a moral action
this idea of freedom at the cost of others, such that 'equal rights'
are then taken away via this structural imbalance, is what then
legitimizes the false view, that they are free to hold these views,
it is their legal right as enshrined in signed documents and thus
such activity is signed-off-on at the level of the 'unshared state'
what is so absolutely totally crazy about this is that it is modeled
as if a natural system, an ecosystem. though the structural bias
has been normalized as if implicit in nature, such that some must
be unemployed while others do the work or some must live while
others must die off, so that 'the group' succeeds. the problem with
this view is that it is artificial, nowhere in nature is a natural system
likely allowing structural inefficiency to be normalized to subsidize
the 'partial organism'. this is not the bird killing some of its young
so that others can live scenario, given harsh resource conditions.
it is something far beyond that, an ideological compromise that
has become normalized. it is to consider a macro-organism in
such a way that its 'economy' is only measured within subset
relation of the whole, and not the entire entity as this economy
in other words: success of the partial organism or ecosystem
is isolated from its cost to sustain in those terms of functioning
such that it is a false ecosystem, a fake view of involved events
because its analysis is bounded to only 'what works' within the
'partial model' or subset, and not within the larger total society
as organism. and thus 'the economy' that is profiting is based
on the entropic removal of value (truth and money) from a larger
condition, to support and sustain a smaller version inside of it,
yet which is parasitic, requiring failure of the whole system so
that the part can succeed, in this way it is self-cannibalistic
     (public.state (private state))  ===> (loss(profit))
the entropic exchange then removes value, hoards it with the
few, exploits these dynamics by an enforced boundary '(' or limit,
which then is based on beliefs that are beyond further accounting
in their truth, such that 'shared belief' is equated with this 'truth' yet
is not actually so, it is simply a 'shared view' of shared self-interest
of some subset or group or identity, such as man and mankind...
   (human (woman (man (mankind))))  --->  'man' (humanity)
private superman and his ego as shared or unshared thus is able
to rule over humanity, even if the beliefs are not based in truth or
are warped, because of the power of money to force perspective,
shared relations, communications, language into that framework
(thank lawyers for giving the final seal of approval, courts as well)
so when 'men' relate or private shared identities (i dunno, let us
say antihuman homosexuals for instance) then humanity can be
kept out of this 'shared public' interest, and one population or group
and its interests can function against other, via economic means
as normalized, streamlined, made mainstream as if shared value
it is so devious it would have to be planned this way. it is just too
warped to not be evaluated in more realistic terms, and yet-- and
yet... that is exactly what happens. people routinely call up the
iconic signage, the functions and protocols of [property] and can
reference these as if standard, known, shared ideas of a common
view or understanding, not accounting for the variance involved,
and thus in referring to these 'views' or perspective in only partially
grounded ways, it further supports and relies upon the falsity that
they develop and allow, as ideological structures, such that the
views of money are automatically unpacked as interpretations,
foundation for analysis, that is thus friction-free in calling out or
referencing such parameters, without accounting for their truth
in a context beyond linear language, which is the predicament
thus communication and language enforce the falsity by their
continued and automatic use, continuing to repaint the views
anew and afresh as if legitimate, stamps of approval to previous
modeling now detached from realistic accounting for what exists
and held and believed as religion, with faith in these views that
then becomes and is the problem, the righteousness of viewpoint
that can be ungrounded, a false perspective and framework that
does not map to reality and instead sustains, aids the corruption
the ideological view has been expertly engineered- rationalized,
all it needs is to be used, employed and deployed, especially
as if a theory - proven as physical law, versus hypothesis with
error correction where the working-model is readily evaluated
versus becoming dogma, an enforced belief beyond questioning
or challenge. in this way, pseudo-truth replaces truth as value
it gets crazy real fast- think of it, the realm of subsidy extending
from a millionaire class and dependents, quasi new.royal lineage;
the 'representatives' of the state and sports ~heroes alike, icons
of the success of the system -- that it works -- for those like them
(who the fuck would pay to watch commercials? the same people
who pay to watch millionaires play sports in rigged competitions)
this is the success story that supposedly validates the merits of
the capitalist system in its privatization and enclavement, as it is
represented by private wo|man and their demographic kind, this
at the cost of humanity, earth, nature, life, love, sanity, truth itself
only 'economics', 'politics', 'society' divorced from truth could allow
this as a viewpoint, sustaining it as 'shared reasoning' within what
is a highly protected boundary or border -- borders everywhere --
not only in physical though also mental property, gatekeepers of
the mind and thinking, what modeling or viewpoints are allowed,
as this aligns with institutionalized views, ideological, dogmatic,
beneficial to the same expropriating flows of labor and material
and value, while standing in as protesters against this, benefiting
and relying upon the very thing stood against, via this ungrounded
condition, 'shared belief' the delusional interconnection, dependency
and literally- privilege, where conceit and hypocrisy go hand in hand
those people over there making a survivable income are bad while
my survivable income over here is morally superior, because belief
it is all part of the same thing, just more major or minor variations-
the success of the billionaires is the success of college graduates;
it is the same fucking system, the same monetary values driving
the interactions, bringing home the bread. to think otherwise is
delusional, in so far as it partakes in language, communications,
these exchanges in terms outside logical accounting for its truth-
it is the very thing which sustains the ongoing development, that
the terms it exists within as ideologically defined are the foundation
for subsequent interactions-- that this 'history' is not challenged at
the level of core ideas, and instead merely referenced, as another
programming function or call or routine, more oil in the wheels, as it
further fuses materialistic beliefs of capitalism/communism together
as if some kind of liberation, greater freedom, via increased bondage
and reliance upon structures, institutions, corrupted organizations
and shared identities that can be manufactured and manipulated,
subverted as a centuries-old practice, such hidden engineering
'the group' identity, some subset of private demographics, then
directly equates with this oppression- difference as universalized,
the fragmentary as if whole, in its warp and skew and unreality,
and then to mediate situations on these 'shared terms' that are
requiring of further oppression against the common human set;
because people cannot get beyond themselves, they lost their
own truth and identity to culture and institutions defining it for
them in other terms, relations in superficial constructs as if all
about freedom and 'think whatever you like' because it is easy
to just believe its true, no one is going to falsify your viewpoint
in a context of money as the value, the determining evidence
in this way, 'ideas' and 'intellectualism' likewise a trap unless
taken outside the prevailing normalized context. any reference
to security or 'the economy' defaults to this corruption, this
deep structural oppression and subjugation of populations
supported by the false ideas and views, relations and beliefs
then consider being duped, that there is an invading force of
people who have a hostile agenda and are citizens standing
side by side with us, as if fellow citizens yet hostile to these
very 'ideas' and principles that go beyond monetary viewpoints
the mainstream interactions and use of language, communication
favor their agenda by default, and overtime it is the only viewpoint
that can be reasoned in the faith-based system of money-as-truth
that this 'historic' loss of freedom, and 'mankind' as fiction is
also what is allowing this takeover and takedown of the state to
occur, within these same parameters, due to lost accounting for
actual truth in society, replaced by beliefs shared by benefactors
of the system, the subsidization, the privilege, superiority complex
as if natural ability and capacity, not gained by kneecapping others
and locking the gate, ignoring all that because it benefits self first
as privately defined, again, extension of private ego, ~superman
though this warped view subsidized by oppression of surrounding
others, spouses, the public, the future, those without resources
a human viewpoint would quickly resolve this, unless there is a
fight within the self disallowing it, which is thus a schizophrenic
condition of fragmentary puzzlework that is not aligned correctly
enough to get a new model or 'governance' in these terms, then
it is a fight within the self, wo|man or human, as this can flip-flop
back and forth, especially as it relates to truth and money, such
that a condition of superposition exists for how interpretation and
action grounds, in its accuracy, based on what motivations and
structures, the circuitry of existence as mind and body relate
in such a condition of [democracy] where hostile forces exist
as voters and constituencies seek to fortify the corrupt state,
another concept such as [dictatorship] could likewise have a
range of interpretations, based on parameters it functions within
and thus a 'democracy of moneymakers' may require checks-
and-balances of a dictatorship of truth hidden as governance,
somewhere deep within the shadows as backup structure, it is
also a threat if 'dictator-of-moneymaker' was to align with this
'democracy-of-moneymakers' likewise. so even a context such
as mass surveillance, hidden dictatorship, failed democracy,
in their truth could still involve moral and ethical governance in
terms of humans as the shared set. though if an observer is
not evaluated in 'human terms' it is not possible to evaluate
these situations in that larger structural viewpoint, and also
evidence may be lacking to support such a view or belief
until 'people' begin communicating in these more realistic
frameworks, what is communicating and exchanged as views
supports the failed state in its oppressive dynamics and goals.
by standardizing and extending and normalizing the false, it is
giving it currency as if truth, which is validated by its effects, in
terms of profit and money as evidence of its reality, tangibility,
as if money proves things, and also limits, defines this proof
as with property, when someone has ideas for how to deal
with this situation, in the past they may have had a career,
a livelihood. today instead, ideas to 'fix' the corrupt state are
unwanted, ignored, or abolished, instead, such people are
viewed ~mentally-ill for not conforming to the worldview. is
this really the foundation for freedom, and not for slavery?
also, for those most invested in the status quo, they are
more reliant on the lies that structure this mechanism for
their own 'success' and survival. they have reason to believe
because it benefits them most. in this way, the illusion that
they exist in a greater realm of awareness and truth due to
functioning inside the system is an illusion. there are more
lies at the top of this false framework than at the bottom,
where it is more readily observable the gap needed to be
able to sustain the false perspective, viewpoints, beliefs
that is, if truth is value. if money is the supreme value and
virtue aligns with this, then 'greatest truth' would be with
those with all the money, which is the cosmic setup, in
that materialists then congregate together, and can then
be mapped out, dealt with accordingly via future accounting
in other words, the more connected a person is within the
system the more reliant upon lies needed to sustain it and
oppression of others, though this can be left out or removed
from analysis, which is part of the hypocrisy of the privileged
in this way the bane of causes, champions of issues who
then function against these same parameters in human terms
outside the economic model, where money determines truth
it is as if the body replaces the mind as 'governer' and that
physical proof that is materialistic is viewed highest evidence
when instead this is actually accounted for in terms of money,
in these same circuits, though within a shared 'group view' or
belief system - again religion. whatever it is called, Marxist
or Keynesian or Head-start or Obamacare or whateverthefuck
in this way, zombies.culling of populations who do not conform
or submit or shared demographics based within and upon a
shared ideology, this falling into line, following, as if freedom,
liberty, channeling efforts into the wrong circuits, agendas,
and goals, though those which can be mechanized/realized
within the existing false frameworks and parameters, though
not reviewed for their integrity, which then is the basis for easy
subversion, mimicry, camouflage for another hidden agenda
not thinking-it-through at the level of logical analysis beyond
binary then leads to this use of 'emanicpatory ideas' as a
main form of oppression, via group think as institutionalized,
whether alternative or countercult or not, authority-based that
is again 'individual rights' scaled to society as warped universal
the very problem and issue is communication, language, action
in these terms- the very exchange in pseudo-truth allowing the
whole edifice of lies and falsity to be maintained by not going
several steps further, into the depths, to address the structures
involved, the errors relied upon, and therefore these extended,
becoming the basis for interactions, the basis for livelihoods,
yet another brick in the wall, no matter what opinions or views
held, reliant upon the very system, without self-consciousness
or self-reflection or modeling skills or capacity to address and
correct for errors, because society has been made _illiterate
by these very same forces, interactions with self and others,
relations and exchange occurring in majority falsity instead,
shared beliefs as if truth when it just is not this simple
and it is a shared condition, everyone exists in this, as if the
cosmos has fallen in its truth, where truth was never secured
and it is only getting worse and worse, more and more difficult
to continue in the existing parameters, pressures increasing,
and that enormous gap, within the self perhaps and also with
others, every other a unique consideration of dimensionality,
how relations wire or align or do not interconnect. how to go
from existentialist alienation and nausea to shared human
awareness, especially if 'private ego' is the standard POV
a limit or boundary of observers, interpretation existing, this
human view requires comprehension of true nature of self,
a remodeling of relations internal and external, governance
in these terms, which likely already exists yet may not be
primary due to circumstance and prior decision-making if
compass is misaligned or dealing in hostile force-fields to
begin with, which is the default scenario, this detachment
and to mention the hypocrisy of seeking to account for this,
the antagonism of a lost humanity, the very people who do
the most, seek the higher ideals then scrutinized for these
efforts because of the way the circuitry actually functions
is not as believed or perceived in private terms of identity
as shared, subset, perhaps turned into careers, et cetera.
this brutal awakening of the other which is humanity, in
its loss of position and value of the state to the alter-ego
of the self, fallen from grace, delusional and dangerous
at its core there is love, in this securing of truth it is to
redeem the internecine battles by a higher awareness
and understanding that cannot escape tribulations of
difference, opposition, disconnection, misalignment
the economy, governance, social relations could be
based on shared truth as a human value, instead of
money. that could be how justice is determined and
freedom is protected. and within this, love as a value
and principle that has been removed from relations
between people, except insofar as it is monetary
it is to consider perspective, interpretation of observers
who may view the same events yet parse them differently
[evil] actions and [good] actions are variable, relative to
the parameters evaluated within, based on what is of value
for an antihuman materialist who believes money is truth,
the basis for their objectivity, evil actions may map to those
(such as the poor) who take away their money or who they
must subsidize beyond their private frameworks, and thus
rationalized subversion, exploitation, could be believed just
and it could even become a malethical structural of the state,
such that expropriation of resources to the rich set is ~divine,
thus actions like these would be 'good', of highest virtue, etc
whereas if this same situation was evaluated in terms of
grounded truth, accurately determining what is good or evil
would requires accounting for what is evil in terms of its truth,
and what is good in terms of its truth, as concepts, as this
maps to a shared human identity. an evil action could be
viewed as taking away the ability to live from many people
so that only few can live at their expense. good could be
evaluated of those efforts that seek to remedy this situation
though it may be limited by what is acknowledged as true,
what can be recognized, and thus partialness is involved,
as 'truth may not be separated from falsity' (as pT) and
thus 'good intentions' could actually support evil actions
unwittingly, an endless army of trojan horses in civilization,
due to not establishing and securing this logical foundation
beyond the binary, resulting in ideological shared beliefs
that while believed 'true' and 'good' could function otherwise
as the parameters are not adequately accounted for in the
ways they exist beyond limits of relation as conceived or
believed within the shared set, also benefiting enemies.
in this way, 'monetary truth' ultimately can determine what
is true, whether or not it is true, and also presume it 'good'
because it is shared as a belief, as a consensus viewpoint,
as if morality even if for different ends and opposed agendas;
both grounding to the same shared false perspective ultimately
that is how ideology has defeated ideas in their truth, its
currency has more value in the working system and those
who profit from it function as its prophets, extending beliefs,
indoctrinating new disciplines, maintaining false frameworks
at the cost of humanity, a real accurate model of what exists
beyond private ID, accountable to truth as its measurement,
for worth, for value, for relations, governance, exchange, etc.
every human being has valuable insights into this situation,
everyone who thinks and feels has details, views, observations
to contribute to modeling what is going on, from their vantage.
what is required to do this is 'knowing your 1s and 0s' in terms
of logic and probability, this allowing shared empirical reasoning
where truth befits truth as shared structure and scaffolding in a
hypothetical parallel modeling of this shared human condition;
likewise, the truth of the billionaire and truth of the homeless,
both of value. morality likewise, the human good that those
with wealth do and those without, accounting for this, valuing
it, establishing it as foundation, building upon such structure.
(making it possible for thinkers to have sustainable employment
for instance, versus viewing such modeling as without worth to
others, think how this would have decimated previous generations,
think-tankers would not be employed- they would be medicated,
there would be no model for what is going on, and today, this is
the extending situation into the future, an outdated and warped
point-of-view that is inaccurate, the only guideposts available;
unless people are willing to take on the situation and change it,
transform it via shared action, work, support, within these terms)
12-A1A [M]   512-C1B [4]   35-NET [8]

@_date: 2014-01-14 21:46:49
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: panoptic archive (urls) 
-:=/ kollider_function /=:--
A. Reversing the Panopticon
"The reconnaissance capabilities of (San Gimignano's) massive masonry
observation towers, with their intelligence-gathering and defensive
overview of strategic landscape and crucial traffic, had been supplanted by
a more lightweight, mobile structure: a technology of administrative
compartmentalization, classification and policing, underpinned by
technologies of authoritarian inspection, data collection and databanking."
B. [video] MICROWAVE WEAPONRY'S USE ON PEOPLE /via cryptome

@_date: 2014-01-15 10:24:57
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: panoptic archive (urls) 
References: is sharing potato chip discovery worth
retaliatory bombardment by constant
infrasound noise tones - difficult to say...

@_date: 2014-01-17 22:04:58
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: wld b nice to know what these procedures entail 
References: have been thinking for some time that given the vast document
cache by Snowden if not others, that making a public list of the
highest known priority topics -- beyond software/hardware model
of net.warfare, and instead, as of yet undocumented or unknown
territory, as if a FOIA request, my picks would be anything neuro-
or nervous system, also directed energy, as it relates to attacks,
weapons, fielded infrastructure or what is placed in hands of local
police state on the offensive against citizens using their rights.
then perhaps priority vetting or keyword searches by those with
the data, to seek to fulfill requests for that information outside
the perish if publishing 'news-style' account, no-wave-making
required while tsunami radiation & sonic attacks occurring live
perhaps a top-twenty list: my requests as mentioned:::
 neurology based equipment and attacks employed by
or in use with NSA surveillance and electronic or other warfare
attacks inside the USA, in any intelligence or police activities;
as these may relate to stand-alone tools, processes, or involve
distributed systems, and fielded infrastructure (cellular,other)
 directed energy (EMFs,radiation,acoustics,sound,infrasound,
other) weapons or tools deployed or used in the USA against
citizens, including standalone, networked, or infrastructure,
as these may also relate to dual-use technologies (routers)
where functioning may occur in covert, unlisted parameters
... others ideas, and then make a public listing, perhaps even
run an ad in the New York Times, Sunday edition, to demand
public information, release of any data within these parameters
if such a list could be compiled then an organized approach to
the data could help structuring the released information, vetting
it based on priority and not news cycle whims based on politics
perhaps ten points to keep it simple or start with five topics and
keep it focused upon the most aggressive police state tactics.
any confirmation of this known activity would cause continuing
abuses to collapse due to sunshine on crimes against citizens
question is: how might they deny it, and so how to find how it
is organized. for instance, what is actual range of 'implants',
would information exist in the clear about these covert projects
or is it out of bounds even for the information stolen, classified
at a higher level or in another agency or category. how to find
what fragments may exist about functioning, fielded programs,
what parameters to search for to triangulate data thus provide
framework for disclosure, rationalization allowing dialogue vs
no context to share such information, unbelievable to many

@_date: 2015-02-04 00:13:15
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: get chipped at your local tattoo parlor 
Swedish office gets under employees' skin with RFID microchips;
Forget your office door key? Can't remember the code for the
photocopier? No need to worry if you happen to have a microchip
implanted in your hand. // (2.3.2015), 2 min. video
in-article reference, (9.12.2014):
The rise of the Swedish cyborgs
By Jane Wakefield Technology reporter
'"The idea is to become a community that is why they get implants done
together," [Mr Sjoblad] says.'

@_date: 2015-02-04 12:37:06
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: q: time & crypto 
observation, i have been intrigued by the idea of future mechanical
watches built using nanoelectronics and micromechanical timing
mechanisms that could be scaled to very tiny watch movements that
perhaps could be hybrid analog (mechanical) computer-on-a-chip
devices, so that a watch would have an electronics interface (LCD
screen, other indicators) along with mechanical hands and timing,
potentially. that said, today the Swiss technology seems thoroughly
operating at the old scale (at least to outside views) in their
watching, yet this scaling-down of watch movements seems a natural
next step in the technological progression, perhaps a mechanical
moore's law of some sort relating to physics tools enabling clockwork
modeling at ever smaller scales, & also circuitry.
so what if what today exists as a half-dollar (USD) medallion sized
watch 'movement' tomorrow could be equivalent to the realm occupied by
fabled smart dust, where the mechanism itself nearly disappears by
comparison, say down to a centimeter if not a few millimeters for a
mechanical movement that could rotate minutes and seconds hands on a
watch display, that through magnification via lens could then appear
at a normal watch scale for readability, etc. such that additional
power would not be needed to gear a motor to drive larger scaled watch
hands, or perhaps that would even be possible, given future energy
options. the point here being the idea of mechanical timing operating
at a lower scale, though also with increased timing precision. one way
to consider it would be to have such a system synced with GPS for
accuracy, and then adjust the mechanical watch hands to a synchronized
time regimen.
another way to consider it would be that something new is possible in
this realm, including both mechanically, where a mechanical cantilever
can be set to vibrate at a natural harmonic frequency (much like a
quartz crystal used in timing circuits) if not mistaken, (these things
used as frequency-combs for spectroscopy) [0], thus if consistent
timing were achievable, perhaps this vibrational energy could be the
basis for moving a clockwork mechanism, ratcheted gear by
interconnected gear, to produce 'time' as it were.
at the nanoelectronic side of things, [1] it would seem that at
whatever the smallest scale of charged particle flow could be
harnessed into circuits, that this then would build-up the electronics
side of the watch, to interact with a mechanical circuit via
additional info or data (communications, software, etc) though
potentially also timing regulation, or smoothing out input or whatever
may be possible. so perhaps the 'electronics' could be part of the
timing circuit or exist beside it, functioning independently in
parallel. or that the accuracy of the timing could be generated via
electronics (say a more accurate crystal frequency or resolution for
the timing circuit, that either adjusts or corrects it or drives it).
so thinking about extremes and what-ifs, the idea here is to consider
what may be possible if reaching such a capacity for a watchmaking and
what might change as a result of this kind of technological
advancement, especially in terms of time.
needless to say, today mechanical hybrid watches and "smartwatches"
have comparably low resolution timing accuracy when compared to the
most accurate atomic clocks in use for standardized time keeping. so
too, the idea of network 'timestamps' appears to propagate as a way of
maintaining time on network-reachable watches, such that an Internet
Time Server relays a time signal to a device which then sets its clock
to that remote standard, perhaps not unlike issues of web serves and
routers and how time is maintained and used to coordinate and route
event data. and it is to question this existing scenario (in
particular electronic and computer-based watches and devices) as this
relates to issues like encryption and random-numbers and hashing
functions, if the "time" of a device is managed remotely and in some
major sense, inaccurate at a local level, or not unique to a
particular space-time and instead managed by a centralized though
inaccurate timekeeping system which is never actually synchronized. in
that there are huge gaps and losses of resolution (which may be a
matter of perspective, in that 'time' may be viewed a construct) and
yet, what if this has fundamental relation to how crypto functions,
could function, or cannot function as a result.
this consideration led to my observation of how having an atomic clock
as a wristwatch movement would likely be possible in the above MEMs
and nanoelectronics scenario. and what would that mean, if
super-resolution timekeeping were available at a local level of
interaction, where gravity or nano-fractional differences in time may
be leveraged for unique non-reproducible running number sequencing
that could generate hashes or be used for randomization or encryption
of unique point-to-point timing where the keys are correlated to the
unique timing of independent atomic watches. In that, consider GPS
satellites that send out a time signal to a device and in their
miniscule differences in arrival, location can be determined. what if
the same is true of wristwatches, where each watch is like that, with
relativism or the gap, instead of being a dead-area or deficit,
becomes a basis for knowledge and a barrier or wall to outside peering
into the connection, if a secure channel between watches could be
established, and thus not 'tapped' into without a certain running
timing sequence to discombobulate the merged streams as harmonized.
It is just wondered if such atomic wristwatches could feasibly change
the game for point to point or one-to-many communications in a secure
communications protocol. or perhaps such timing mechanisms per device,
as applicable, in terms of security (phone, bankcard, etc). it just
seems that timing and encryption could go hand-in-hand in that their
dynamics are potentially highly complimentary though also, the lack of
such timing coherence then could allow negative relativistic dynamics
in their place, where exploits could be based on inaccurate homogenous
timing regimens that remove timing as part of a security measure or
0. 1.

@_date: 2015-02-04 20:44:54
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: q: security model 
third and last observation: the other day i was considering how
'security' seems to be achievable only by putting someone in a secure
area or box, and keeping the world outside this box, and how absurd
that seems to be because it requires removing the world in order to
try to attain security, if indeed this is an accurate assessment.
the thing that struck me about this is that the world changes outside
the box, and so this could either force detachment from the world,
which then increasingly becomes out of touch with the external realm
not included in the box, or that only people who are inside the same
box can safely communicate, as long as they are modeled or entirely
known in their parameters.
in other words, if a person is all alone in the box they may be
secured, yet the moment anything changes, or the world itself changes,
this situation could be effected within this supposedly safe and
secure zone. in that, if the person is inhabit or engage with the
world they need to be able to interface and interact with the world.
and thus perhaps the boundary or threshold issue, of entropic
balancing, should anything change or the two realms somehow begin to
crossover into one another.
in this way, interaction beyond the box of security then potentially
allows vulnerabilities into this secure zone, via the unknowability or
inaccurate accounting for how these external relations exist, both
outside and inside the once secure box.
so too, any persons that are also included in the safe zone of the box
inherently carry with them unknowns if not modeled and accounted for
accurately that potentially jeapordize this internal condition,
presumably more secure than no security, though with more interaction
and access to 'the outside world' the more vulnerable in various
dimensions, parameters, dynamics, known and unknown.
so it just seemed like security itself would be impossible to achieve
if the idea involves keeping out the world, or not accounting for
things within a security context, yet having this be a hive of
activity likewise, unless security accounting were happening to the
Nth-degree beyond what may be external signifiers of security, 'the
sign of security' versus its indepth practice in undocumented terms
that may not even be mentioned or perceivable, given the advanced
context that could exist in certain scenarios.
it is somewhat like the scenario: a person walks into a bar... except
that it is a supposedly secure box where they exchange secret messages
and meet at conferences and function in industries (boxes within
boxes) where various vulnerabilities are interwoven with activities
and how could this occur in a real context of actual security unless
much more was happening than meets the eye or ear.
maybe this leads back to the idea of unknowability as the threshold
for security, beyond a realm of awareness, where it cannot be deducted
because things do not add up beyond a threshold condition and sensory
awareness fails to provide a framework to evaluate what conditions
feasibly need to exist for security to exist, which tends towards the
metaphysical, the invisible, the utterly alien, etc.

@_date: 2015-02-04 21:24:26
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: q: security model 
References: quote: "The reason I bring up cryptography, however, is to show that it IS
possible to defend against adversaries with enormous resources at
comparatively little cost, at least in certain situations. The Singularity
tunneling problem should not be dismissed out of hand as being unsolvable,
but rather deserves to be studied seriously. There is a very realistic
chance that the Singularity may turn out to be undesirable to many of us."
just wanted to share the view that 'the singularity' may be an
ideological concept unless grounded in a model of empirical truth,
whereby 'many worlds' or parallel experiences are actually issues of
relativistic frameworks that are not aligned and instead exist in
different, faulty models of partial- or pseudo-truth, whereas 'the
singularity' would involve annihilating all reigning and ruling
falsehoods via a single integrated model of empirical truth for all
people to function within, thus the non-fiction approach to this idea
as it also involves psychology and awareness and these effecting
computation and softwared reasoning/rationalizations. akin to, in some
sense, the issue of various religions and deities that are competing
and contrasted, versus 'one truth religion' where truth survives and
is the religion. everything aligned with itself and coherent, as
cosmic order. then if someone doesn't get their way or privilege or
status due to grounding part with whole, it would be for the better,
and certainly people will in this way be falsified and not allowed
specious grand beliefs in denial of shared reality and instead this
would be mediated through hypotheses, debate, and evidence, logical
reasoning, and not now today via ideologies, beliefs and opinions
shared by individuals and groups as if reason, which instead functions
as powerful entities that are more powerful, determining events via
their truth, which manages interpretation.
also of note: forgot to simplify about the box. no technology in the
box. start with a pencil and paper, not a personal computer for
crypto, and each step involving the outside or reliance on the outside
introduces vulnerabilities. the more complex, the more can go wrong,
etc. thus the heavy reliance on computational technology itself
becomes the insecurity in the system though also, interaction with
others. the bobble observation prescient in that, in the above comment
about truth, if the tunneling is considered to be happening in a realm
of truth that is beyond external observation, that is effectively
security, even if against a more powerful adversary. which seems to
have been your point, much appreciated.

@_date: 2015-02-08 01:26:35
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: healthcare & wearables 
(who says assassination politics is not alive & well..)
Industry professionals create framework for measuring HIT value
"Healthcare professionals have created a framework for measuring
health information technology with a goal of making "HIT evaluations
more relevant to the current needs of the healthcare system,"
according to a paper published at the American Journal of Managed

@_date: 2015-02-10 22:27:03
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: time & crypto 
previous post wondered about what atomic clocks everywhere might be
useful for, in particular crypto. the following article has more
information on how mapping gravity via time differences via
highest-precision timekeeping relates to unlocking mysteries of the
earth's interior... (thus geological, geophysical) [0]
one aspect that has me puzzled about timing is the claim by Apple that
the Apple Watch is "One of the most accurate watches ever" while also
noting its accuracy is 50 microseconds, and likely has its timing
signal indirectly routed through the iPhone thus delayed prior to
setting the internal clock. interesting article on this issue [1],
with a backgrounder on existing timing technologies available today.
in particular, information about Apple's time servers that are linked
to UTC at nanosecond accuracy, and also that the clocks or timing
circuits inside smartphones and tablets are _not as accurate as i
imagined, also losing seconds a day (in this way somewhat like a
mechanical watch for precision).
the thing about the Apple Watch claim of timing accuracy, which the
article makes clear, is that a GPS watch that gets its signal from
orbiting satellites (via whatever speed-of-light & atmospheric
signaling delay) is receiving a time signal that is accurate in the
realm of nanoseconds from the universal standard, via several
synchronized atomic clocks onboard the GPS satellites. so apparently
that accurate timing signal has to transverse space and time to get to
another distant location, and it is unknown if at its destination it
has this accuracy or only when the signal is sent. the latter may be
possible with additional calculations based on various parameters of
GPS, thus the stated 50ns accuracy could be presumed that of a GPS
watch if not iPhone GPS time signal.
and yet with the tethering of the Apple Watch to the iPhone to
maintain its timekeeping, somehow this 50 nanosecond accuracy drops to
50 microseconds, which the observer noted is "a million times worse
than...the accuracy delivered by GPS." [1] because of this it is
puzzling how the claim of ~extreme accuracy can be made by Apple when
an iPhone has presumably better timing resolution due to design
decisions, than a device categorized as a watch as if in the same
lineage as precision chronometers that defined engineering excellence
and feats of microengineering, which also /appear/ as watchfaces on
the system-on-a-chip device, and yet that same adherence to accuracy
is seemingly not occurring even while still being claimed.
to give a sense of the issue, via proportion, a short video of Grace
Hopper provides a way of considering this situation by measuring  the
maximum distance electricity travels in space in a nanosecond and
microsecond. [2] this then allows hypothetical comparison between a
GPS timing signal sent directly to a smartwatch (50ns*11.8inches =
49.1667 feet) to that GSP or other time signal relayed to the Apple
Watch via tethered iPhone and its circuitry (50ms*984feet = 49,200
feet). in other words, length corresponds with accuracy to a universal
time standard and a GPS watch is potentially '49 feet accurate' while
the tethered Apple Watch seems to be '49,200 feet accurate' and saying
this is precise in a horological context of timekeeping and precision
it just seemed so backwards to me because if there was onboard GPS on
the Apple Watch then it would have precision that other devices also
have, and the claim of precision would be self-evident, instead of
potentially being marketing-speak to sell computer-devices via the
pretext of its being a watch, etc. so a boundary or threshold appears
to have been crossed or priorities may be different than expected in
this way. an onboard radio antenna would also provide higher
resolution, though perhaps the timing chip inside the SoC watch is not
built around highest precision as may otherwise be assumed. hopefully
in the future it will be.
the issue that seems relevant in the lag or delay is that there is
that much more room for things to happen in terms of unaccounted for
delays outside the parameters of hours:minutes:seconds, if
milliseconds is some threshold, and then events are occurring in a
realm of microseconds or even potentially nanoseconds, and how crypto
could be operating or calculating in those dimensions and dynamics
otherwise unseen or unobservable, such as 2+2=4 if looked at one way,
and 2+2=5 if viewed outside those boundaries. [3]
note: i specifically wrote about the above issue as part of a larger
Apple Watch analysis, [4] and these recent articles provided more to
consider about what may be involved. [4]
0. Cryogenic clocks pave the way to new measurements
[quote] According to Katori, "It was a great feeling to have shown
this excellent agreement between the clocks. If we can miniaturize
this technology further, it would have useful applications, since tiny
fluctuations in gravitational potential could be used to detect
underground resources, underground spaces, and the movement of lava.
We also hope that in the future, this will accelerate the movement
toward a new definition of the international second, based on optical
lattice clocks, to an even more stringent standard than the current
definition of the second, which is based on cesium oscillation."
1. How Apple Watch achieves its timekeeping accuracy
2. Grace Hopper - Nanoseconds / Microseconds
3. [2].5 + [2].5 = [5]
4. AWO: critique of Apple Watch concept…

@_date: 2015-02-12 22:34:34
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: lab-in-a-box 
(quantifying and real-time activity auditing in-office)
Lab-in-a-box takes aim at doctors' computer activity
They call it "the Lab-in-a-Box." According to Nadir Weibel, a research
scientist in the Computer Science and Engineering (CSE) department at
the University of California, San Diego, inside the box are assorted
sensors and software designed to monitor a doctor's office,
particularly during consultations with patients. The goal is to
analyze the physician's behavior and better understand the dynamics of
the interactions of the doctor with the electronic medical records and
the patients in front of them. The eventual goal is to provide useful
input on how to run the medical practice more efficiently.
Read more at:

@_date: 2015-01-17 09:35:27
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: on money /2 (resend) 
References: I don't know know enough to know, though what would actually be gained
in comparison to an existing mainstream credit card (Visa, Am-Ex,
Mastercard) and a Square or other device for point-to-point or
horizontal transfers?  Seemingly, not going through a central system
to exchange money. And would the state itself implement such a system
in terms of a US electronic currency model, or allow an alternative
currency to exist within a context of taxation that could exist
outside centralized banking as mediators.
It seems the issues of routing and sustaining money inside/outside the
banking system involves all the connected issues of financing, loans,
predatory monetary practices that benefit some more than others, and
thus the existing institutionalization of standardized or legitimate
money then is effected by these forces, which if electronic currency
could stay outside of then perhaps would function differently,
autonomously in regards to these controlling if not exploitative
forces, in certain parameters. What is gained by Bitcoin or other
cryptocurrency if outside the banking system: supposedly privacy and
autonomy, perhaps a security gain in certain factors and a loss of
security (guarantees) in others.
If Bitcoin were an electronic currency model enacted by the State, how
would that differ from existing USD in electronic form, except to
provide a monetary system operating outside the global banking
This is why it appears to have more in common with existing welfare
payment systems (EBT cards) than the existing credit/debit cards,
because those can be parallel systems, both cash payments that allow
access to money and also food support, where the money is only virtual
or electronic (dollar sign) that can be used at a cash register in
exchange for food, yet seemingly is like a stored value or exists in a
private account in a state system of food support accounting. It is to
bring up the issue of parameters or zones where cards may or may not
function, and in different terms, such as prepaid, and how this may be
a particular realm where alternative currencies could exist, or if
implemented by government, could be operational yet outside the
banking system altogether (via same principle, disconnected from money
system, more like barter, in that what if Bitcoin was not tied to USD
and instead food or services.)
Others know lots about these things, though a larger framework may
help consider the options or dynamics involved especially as there is
not a default single approach for any of the issues though
'cryptocurrency' seems to imply a replacement for an existing monetary
system or to become the standard e-currency, and if that is the
premise, how would this relate to the US government using such a
system, inside or outside the operational context of the Federal
Reserve, or in various capacities, or globally. Or is it just against
all this.
(My guess is that Bitcoin is on the inside of these dynamics and is
thoroughly embedded in all of these scenarios, part of a strategic
planning and development experiment, and I would not underestimate the
role of economists to be on the side of humanity in these issues, nor
the government, nor many in banking and finance, despite the existing
gaming of systems. Perhaps it all is leading towards resolving this
electronic currency question in terms of equity, security, privacy,
and grounding of information as a currency model.)

@_date: 2015-01-17 10:13:00
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: on money /2 (resend) EX. 
here is an example of how cryptocurrency could be approached in a
different framework than simply the default 'replace global monetary
standard' via new alternative electronic currency... which has a
good/bad utopian aspect where realism ranges from the potential to the
impossible, and if not differentiating these, could bring about its
own destruction as a model if not streamlining and doing what it is
best at or focusing on its innovative aspects versus trying to be
everything to all people.
In this way what if Bitcoin were applied in specific controlled
contexts or closed ecosystems where its symbolic value as 'symbolic
money' or rather -currency- (which could span data-to-money and vice
versa) could function as or mediate electronic ~banknotes (sans bank,
or state as bank minus the middlemen and middle-management layer) and
function in parallel to the US dollar, outside the system instead of
tied into it. Like an island ecosystem that is self-sustaining in its
own terms and not directly connected to other existing systems beyond
environmental influences, systemic ebbs & flows.
What if the food supply and issue of government subsidization of
farming, where money is pad *not to distribute* food, to maintain
market conditions, were instead brought into a parallel system that is
detached from the US dollar as the mediating currency, and that if
farmers can indeed provide all the food necessary, if this were a
closed system or a chain of interactions that could be mediated
(within certain parameters, perhaps not all) where there are barter or
other contracts, say between those connected in a functional ecosystem
or food system ecology, (from chemical & product manufacturing to
grocers and food-based manufacturers) where an alternative currency
like Bitcoin mediated these exchanges in terms of contracts, based on
volume and quality per exchange, which could remove entire volatile
sectors from the existing speculative monetary system and stabilize
these relations, to have a beet farmer trade 100% of their output, and
have grocery stores receive this fresh produce at a much lower cost
(if not at cost, feasibly) and then resell produce this way, perhaps
more like organic coop approaches of bags of vegetables for a fixed
price or as a subscription approach to produce, where it would be
cashed out or mediated as dollars -- or even better, if the USG has
the same symbolic currency, it could be loaded onto EBT or citizen
electronic cards and exchanged for every citizen at the grocery store
(via Bitcoin/other) for what has already been paid for by the
government once already, the citizens then gaining access to food,
instead of paying multiple times (akin to multiple taxation, though
multiple payments as per the standard realm of public-private overlap
and repurchasing scenarios).  What if grocers had certain early-chain
or direct-link inventories (fresh produce infrastructure moving from
farms to stores) and that this was outside the existing money system
and yet everything would be okay, remain balanced otherwise, because
it is a closed loop, and does not require cashing out within that
dynamic. In that an island of interconnections, exchanges, could be
mediated in non-monetary though currency terms, and make fair
equitable trades. Such that perhaps farmers could trade between
themselves this way, or for government services or support via this
same system. And stabilize or regulate markets or livelihoods versus
using middlemen corporations to do this, in terms of US currency which
then is the maximal exploitation of this same chained system, to
global biased markets and dynamics, moving money and power away from
people into concentrated groups for maximal leverage that functions
against people in the system, as a form of subjugation. In other
words, what if bitcoin were Farmcoin, etc. Or foodcoin. And what kind
of systems could function like this, and how would *value* be
determined if it is actually based on information and data, and not
relegated to definition in an ever-fluctuating condition of volatile
and fair exchange.

@_date: 2015-03-01 11:58:32
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Governments Covertly Fund Internet Freedom Activists 
References: <54F09958.1080901 <54F260E0.1070808
perhaps the institutionalization of 'royal perks' explains
in part the necessity of a one-party governing system,
where any actual opposition (politics) are then managed
and absorbed into this model, to protect/secure/maintain
aristocratic lifestyles otherwise threatened by actual change,
where the focus of issues of subsidy then becomes the poor:
"hark! peasants are drinking wine, wine!! with Our Money!"
(in a top-down surveillance context, who benefits/profits most?)

@_date: 2015-03-01 12:02:39
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Governments Covertly Fund Internet Freedom Activists 
References: <54F09958.1080901 <54F260E0.1070808
...whereas actual political change in an institutional
context (ngos, nonprofits, national orgs, etc) could
dismantle/destroy these royal lifestyles via rapid loss
of non-recoverable government funds/ideological subsidy
(emptied wine cellars, filtered water basis for everyday luxury)
On Sun, Mar 1, 2015 at 11:58 AM, brian carroll

@_date: 2015-03-01 12:10:55
@_author: brian carroll 
@_subject: Governments Covertly Fund Internet Freedom Activists 
References: <54F09958.1080901 <54F260E0.1070808
'they' (political monoculture) threaten this dissolving
of support against the peasants and poor all the time,
(limiting and removing health services, social security)
wait until those 'virtually wealthy' ---reliant on things never
changing, ungrounded in their beliefs--- lose the support to
maintain their existence and yet have many bills to pay...
it gets nasty real quick when bureaucracy is against you.
losing support of that same bureaucracy just gotta hurt,
especially under crazed monocle of global security state
(don't worry, winks the mass media newscaster,
you will be protected, you're one of us...)
On Sun, Mar 1, 2015 at 12:02 PM, brian carroll
