
@_date: 2013-08-22 23:46:10
@_author: elijah 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Open Whisper Systems' neat asynch FPS "pre-keying" 
Well, to be fair to moxie, TextSecure uses a modified OTR that uses ECC,
I think this criticism is also a bit unfair. The scheme of using
generating prekeys for later key agreement is pretty clever. With this,
moxie is not trying to solve, or claiming to have solved, the larger
problem of binding user account to public key. For the binding problem,
he is completely punting, and relying on a central authority, afaik,
which is awful and horrible for all the reasons you state. But the key
agreement part is cooool.
If you could solve the binding problem some other way, then moxie's
prekey approach could be used for all kinds of things, even email.
For the user public key binding problem, you have a proposal [0], I have
a proposal [1], Paul Wouters has a proposal [2], there are probably
several more people on the list with proposals too. One of them will
probably work, eventually. And when one does, the prekey approach to key
agreement could come in very handy.
[0] unpublished UEE protocol
[1] [2]

@_date: 2013-10-10 14:17:01
@_author: elijah 
@_subject: [liberationtech] 10 reasons not to start using PGP 
Fixed in the new generation of clients (mailpile, LEAP, etc).
Fixed by using StartTLS with DANE (supported in the new version of
postfix). Admittedly, this makes sysadmin's job more challenging, but
LEAP is working to automate the hard stuff (
Fixed in the short term by using StartTLS with DANE. Fixed in the long
term by adopting one of these approaches: Imperfectly fixed in the short term using StartTLS with only PFS ciphers
enabled. This could be fixed in the long term by using Trevor Perrin's
scheme for triple EC Diffie-Hellman exchange. This has been implemented
by moxie for SMS, and could be for SMTP
New version of GPG supports ECC, but of course nothing in the snowden
leaks suggest we need to abandon RSA of sufficient key length (just the
ECC curves that have *always* been suspicious).
Federated transport with spool-then-forward time delay is likely a much
more feasible way to thwart traffic analysis than attempting to lay down
a high degree of cover traffic for direct peer to peer transport. This
is, of course, an area of active academic research and it would be
irresponsible to say that we definitively know how to prevent traffic
analysis, either with p2p or federation.
Easily fixed.
No one anywhere has solved the problem of asynchronous, forward-secret
group cryptography. There are, however, working models of group
cryptography using OpenPGP, such as SELS
( This approach makes key management
more difficult, but we need to automate key management anyway for
OpenPGP to be usable enough for wider adoption.
This critique rests on the assumption that the problems with email are
Email remains one of the two killer apps of the internet, and is
unlikely to vanish any time soon. Simple steps we can take to make it
much better seem like a wise investment in energy.
There are two approaches to addressing the problems with email:
(1) assert that email is hopeless and must be killed off.
(2) identify areas where we can fix email to bring it into the 21st century.
I think that approach  is irresponsible: regardless of one's personal
feelings about email, it is certainly not a lost cause, and asserting
that it is will make it more difficult to build support for fixing it.
Approach  is certainly an uphill battle, but there are a growing
number of organizations working on it. LEAP's (free software) efforts
are outlined here:  We have it working, we just
need to get it mature enough for production use.

@_date: 2013-10-15 15:47:15
@_author: elijah 
@_subject: [liberationtech] RiseUp 
I think I am the only person from the Riseup collective who is
subscribed to liberationtech, so I will reply, although what follows is
not an official position or response from the collective.
We started when it was impossible to get even simple IMAP service that
was affordable. Very early on, it became apparent that one of the
primary issue facing our constituency (social justice activists) was the
rapid rise in abusive surveillance by states and corporations.
Riseup does the best it can with antiquated 20th century technology.
Without getting into any details, we do the best that can be done,
particularly when both sender and recipient are using email from one of
service providers we have special encrypted transport arrangements with.
Admittedly, the best we can do is not that great. And, of course, our
webmail offering is laughably horrible.
Riseup is not really a "US email provider". The great majority of our
users live outside the United States, and email is just one of many
services we provide.
There has been much discussion on the internets about the fact that
Riseup is located in the US, and what possible country would provide the
best "jurisdictional arbitrage". Before the Lavabit case, the US
actually looked pretty good: servers in the US are not required to
retain any customer data or logs whatsoever. The prospect of some shady
legal justification for requiring a provider to supply the government
with their private TLS keys seems to upend everything I have read or
been told about US jurisprudence. Unfortunately, no consensus has
emerged regarding any place better than the US for servers, despite
notable bombast the the contrary.
As a co-founder of Riseup, my personal goal at the moment is to destroy
Riseup as we know it, and replace it with something that is based on
21st century technology [1]. My hope is that this transition can happen
smoothly, without undo hardship on the users.
As evidence by the recent traffic on this list, many people are loudly
proclaiming that email can never be secure and it must be abandoned. I
have already written why I feel that this is both incredibly
irresponsible and technically false. There is an important distinction
between mass surveillance and being individually targeted by the NSA.
The former is an existential threat to democracy and the latter is
extremely difficult to protect against.
It is, however, entirely possible to layer a very high degree of
confidentially, integrity, authentication, and un-mappability onto email
if we allow for opportunistic upgrades to enhanced protocols. For
example, we should be able to achieve email with asynchronous forward
secrecy that is also protected against meta-data analysis (even from a
compromised provider), but it is going to take work (and money) to get
there. Yes, in the long run, we should all just run pond [2], but in the
long run we are all dead.
[1] [2]
