
@_date: 2000-11-30 15:09:08
@_author: David & Linda 
@_subject: ip: Death List 
by Lawrence Henry
                      Monday, September 18, 2000
          The  other day, Rush Limbaugh took a phone call from  a
     calm, reasonable-sounding man who said that there were  some
     Americans who simply weren't going to stand for being steam-
     rollered  by liberalism any more, that they were prepared  -
     indeed,  expected - to have to fight an armed revolution  to
     take their country back.
          Rush  gets calls like that periodically.  As he  always
     does, he asked the caller where the battles of this  revolu-
     tion would be fought, and how.   This particular caller  did
     not  (as  such  callers usually do not)  provide  any  clear
     answers,  perhaps  because  he hadn't  thought  the  subject
     through completely.  But the man was right about one  thing:
     There definitely are a number of people in the United States
     who are armed, ready, and waiting - simply for some  tipping
     point - to start shooting.
          They just don't call up talk shows and say so.
          How  many of them are there? Somewhere  between  50,000
     and  a  million.   Enough to cause a whole lot  of  trouble.
     Yes, some of them nurture romantic dreams of fighting  guer-
     rilla battles in the mountains.  Plenty of others - enough -
     know that won't work.
          They  know  that  revolutions are not  won  by  pitched
     battles.   They  know that no  insurrectionary  force  could
     stand  up  to the firepower of the United  States  military.
     No,  instead, they have death lists.  They  plan  assassina-
     tions.   They know that some few - perhaps a few thousand  -
     key people direct the legal, regulatory, and cultural  move-
     ments  they despise.  And they have adopted a simple  credo,
     one  by  one: "I'll get two of them before they get  one  of
     me."
          This revolutionary cadre, entirely unorganized, simmer-
     ing like an unfocused viral epidemic, occupies the core of a
     number of discontented populations.  In the broadest  sense,
     they  constitute the armed wing of what  political  activist
     Grover Norquist called "the leave-us-alone coalition."
          Make  no  mistake, the powers that be know  this.   And
     they're  afraid.    That fear lies behind the moves  in  the
     liberal  establishment  to outlaw home schooling,  state  by
     state;  to oppose school vouchers, battleground  by  battle-
     ground  (have  to preserve that indoctrination);  to  create
     military-style  law enforcement units in agencies  like  the
     Immigration and Naturalization Service, the Bureau of  Alco-
     hol,  Tobacco,  and  Firearms, and in  Special  Weapons  and
     Tactical Squads (SWAT teams) of local police departments; to
     demoralize and weaken the military (which has a natural  and
     historic affinity for patriotism and "leave us alone" senti-
     ments); to hype up executive security forces; to  confiscate
     guns; to hamstring free enterprise through lawsuits -  these
     and  hundreds of other establishment efforts to  consolidate
     dictatorial power.
          These  potential revolutionaries are resigned to  being
     hated,  demonized  as nut cases,  religious  fanatics,  gap-
     toothed  idiots,  yokels, and  benighted,  laughable  fools.
     They know that a few deaths can make a big difference  (look
     how  badly  the Republican party has  missed  Lee  Atwater).
     They're  resigned  to  forcing  a  national  police  action.
     They're willing, like classic Leninists, to provoke a crack-
     down simply to rouse revolutionary chaos.
          As  revolutionaries,  these assassins-to-be  also  know
     that  they  probably cannot win their  fight.   High-profile
     killings  will  certainly  be treated as  terrorism  by  the
     government and the media, working in lockstep.   Some assas-
     sinations will be covered up outright; the public will never
     know.  The revolutionaries may be counting on sympathy  from
     the military - even the desertion of some military units  to
     the  cause.    More likely, a  demoralized  and  emasculated
     military will not get involved in the fight at all.
          But  the revolutionaries don't care.  At some key  tip-
     ping  point,  they reason their lives  are  forfeit  anyway:
     their country is gone, its principles and traditions  raped,
     its  institutions occupied by enemy forces.  Change will  be
     impossible by any legal means.  Democracy will be dead.
          That tipping point is very near.
          --- end forwarded text
