
@_date: 1994-08-22 10:29:20
@_author: Elton Wildermuth 
@_subject: Voluntary Governments? 
This is probably not really relevant to cypherpunks, but I think it needs
to be addressed.
Jason Solinsky said:
Er.  No.  Government has _everything_ to do with throwing people into
prisons, _and_ with using guns.  Further, "exercises authority" is a
code phrase that means "throws people into prisons and uses guns."
If you want a working definition of government, it would have to be "a
group of people who have assumed to themselves the exclusive power to regulate and use coercive force within a set of established borders."
...And, given the USA vs. Manuel Noriega, the nature of the "established
borders" becomes subject to flexible interpretation.
It's not the case that any use of force defines a government.  It _is_
the case that only government pretends to be the sole arbiter of who may
use force, and how much they may use.
If you inspect the matter carefully, without the threat of force there
could be no government.  Otherwise, how would they collect taxes and
tarriffs?  Moreover, they must declare themselves to be the only authorized
users of force, or their "enforcement" (look carefully at that word) power
will be limited in its effectiveness by the strength of the resistive
force.  Government depends for its existence on being the biggest gang
with guns anywhere in the area.

@_date: 1994-08-23 14:53:47
@_author: Elton Wildermuth 
@_subject: Voluntary Governments? 
Right ... I had taken this offline, but it looks as though it ain't quite
dead yet.  Kindly stop reading now if you wish this subject would go away.
Consolidating two messages from Jim Dixon:
Of course we can -- it happens all the time.  However, this time I
haven't usurped the meaning of anything.  Force -- the threat or actual
use of violence -- is the essence of government.  You just said so
yourself:  "enforces laws".
Here's the closest applicable dictionary definition of "government",
taken from the Random House Dictionary of the English Language:  "1. the
political direction and control exercised over the actions of the members,
citizens, or inhabitants of communities, societies, and states; direction
of the affairs of a state, community, etc.; political administration."
This is amplified by looking at "govern" in the same dictionary: "1. to
rule by right of authority, as a sovereign does."
"Rule", or "political ... control" are only ever exercised through force.
People keep using that word, "enforce", without looking carefully at it.
"Enforcement", regardless of the dry dictionary definition, is the essence
of government.  Without the power to enforce arbitrary rules, there can be
no government.
There are several methods of achieving compliance with a set of rules:
social pressure (shunning, as some religious sects do); withholding of
goods or services (the degree that Jason spoke about being denied); and
topical application of violence ("enforcement").  Of these, the first
two are related, and are commonly practiced by social units that don't
recognize the right to use force on one another.  The last named is the
only one that results in physical damage to the person being "ruled", and
is also the only one that can physically prevent that person from engaging
in the proscribed behavior.  The others can make life bloody unpleasant,
but they won't terminate it.
One other thing:
Uh ... you _do_ understand that that's a specious argument, yes?  What
do you suppose the outcome would be if your home town were to legalize
marijuana, and then attempted to prevent the DEA from enforcing the
overriding federal law?  Yes, we have a distributed government, with
each layer operating under the authority of the next layer up; but each
layer can only add restrictions, never remove them, and each enforces
its restrictions by the same method as the layers above it:  main force.
Further, each attempts to prevent other agencies from enforcing sets of
rules counter to the ones they themselves enforce.  That's what makes
them true "governments", rather than some other social institution.
Here, someone will surely object that by this definition, the Mafia can
be considered a government.  Well, if they can successfully kick the
existing thugs off of some plot of ground, and then defend it against
all comers, then yes:  that's exactly what they'll be.  How else do you
suppose that governments become established?

@_date: 1994-12-19 18:30:42
@_author: Elton Wildermuth 
@_subject: hiding strings in binaries 
I didn't write it either, but a friend asked how the hell it did
that, so I hacked on it for a couple hours and now I _do_ know how
it works:  it's a substitution cipher just like rot-13, coupled
with a selector to print phrases in a predetermined order.
This string:
contains the substitution cipher.  All the letters of the song are
in the 2nd half of the string, starting at '\n'.  The substitutions
are the first half of the string.  The program searches for a match
in the index section; when it finds a match, it adds a constant to
that character's array index to get the index of the character to
print.  Thus, searching for '!' causes '\n' to print; searching for
'e' gets 'u'.
This string:
is the phrases of the song.  Each '/' character is the end of a phrase:
" == "On the "; "*{}w+" == "first"; "w == "second"; etc.
The rest of the program is a selector to choose which phrase to print next.
It doesn't run everywhere (it presumes its character set is 7-bit ASCII),
and it depends on being invoked with no arguments.  (Try it with one or two
arguments -- see what happens!  It redefines the standard main() argument
'argv' as an integer purely so that it can be 100% recursive, and depends
on 'argc' being zero in the outermost level.)
It's one busy s.o.b., too, because _every_ increment of the lookup index
is a separate function call, as is the phrase selector and character
I gather that this was one of the entries in the "obfuscated 'C'"
programming contests that used to be held some years ago.  (Are they
still held?)
