
@_date: 2011-04-20 20:55:01
@_author: Frank Corrigan 
@_subject: [liberationtech] iPhones/iPads secretly track 'scary amount' of 
More reasons for activists/protesters in hostile (ordinary) environments
not to bring along their mobile phone, latest cell connected gizmo.
"The most immediate problem is that this data is stored in an
easily-readable form on your machine"
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2011-04-22 20:49:09
@_author: Frank Corrigan 
@_subject: [liberationtech] iPhones/iPads secretly track 'scary amount' of 
More critical analysis of the original tracking claims has been posted
"Here's hoping Apple's location tracking isn't as big a threat as some
believe. But until those who know for sure speak up (Apple PR, are you
listening?), we think the prudent thing to do is assume it is."
No, iPhone location tracking isn't harmless and here's why
Secret Apple database already being tapped by cops
By Dan Goodin in San Francisco b"
Posted in ID, 22nd April 2011 00:51 GMT
Analysis It didn't take long for the blogosphere to pooh pooh research
presented on Wednesday that detailed a file in Apple iPhones and iPads
unknown to the vast majority of its users that stored a long list of
their time-stamped locations, sometimes with alarming detail.
On Thursday, a forensics expert who sells software to law enforcement
agencies gave a first-hand account why scrutiny of the location-tracking
database is crucial. We'll get to that in a moment. But first, let's
take a sampling of the rampant naysaying.
The most common criticism was that the contents of the SQLite file,
which is stored on the phone and on any computer backups, were wildly
imprecise. Blogger and web developer Will Clarke, for instance, used the
researchers' freely available software to map the coordinates gathered
by his own iPhone during a recent round-trip bike tour he took from
Philadelphia to New Jersey. When he compared the results to the actual
route, he found that balmost all the points were way off.b
In an interview with The Reg, he said some of the points on the
resulting map were as much as 3,000 meters, or almost two miles, away
from his true location.
bThe data that is exposed basically reveals which city you were in at a given time,b he concluded in a post that called the research bsensational.b bNothing more specific than that. It can't tell what house you live in, it can't tell what route you jog on, nothing like that.b
He went on to conclude: bApple is not storing the device's location,
it's storing the location of the towers that the device is communicating
with.b
Software analyst David bLeftyb Schlesinger found similar inaccuracies
when he used the database contents of his iPhone to plot a train ride he
took in July from Amsterdam to Den Haag, about 60 kilometers away. He
also found that the iPhone file showed he was in Santa Cruz, California,
on Christmas Day and traveled as much as 80 miles, when in fact he
stayed in the state's Central Valley, some 130 miles away, the entire
Like several other bloggers, he also noted huge inconsistencies in the
time intervals that locations were logged. Sometimes iPhones and iPads
went days without updating the database, and on one occasion went almost
two weeks.
The critics make a valid point that the data stored in the
consolidated.db file hardly contains a historical record of a user's
real-time comings and goings, or a user's every move, as incorrectly
suggested in initial coverage from The Register and many other news
sites. Researchers Pete Warden and Alasdair Allan readily acknowledge
that they have yet to figure out what triggers iDevices to log location
details, but it's not unusual for hours or even weeks to occasionally
pass between entries.
They said they have noted one or two grossly inaccurate locations logged
in the database. One region that seems to regularly pop up in files
stored on multiple phones is an area just outside of Las Vegas. Allan
said the database extracted from his iPhone and the iPhones of several
people he knows logged that Nevada city even though none of the owners
were anywhere near it on the date indicated in the corresponding
Las Vegas also incorrectly showed up on the iPhones of Clarke and a
co-worker of his, suggesting the iOS code that logs locations may be
bWe both have the exact same data point in Vegas, and neither of us have been,b he said.
Warden and Allan said their reverse engineering exercise made it
impossible to learn the precise way the logging works, but they insist
the conclusion of their research is still correct: The contents of the
consolidated.db file stored on every iDevice and on any computer
containing a backup of its data contains a bscary amount of detail on
our movements.b
bBy inspecting it, I can tell what part of downtown San Francisco I'm in, I can see that I'm in a particular neighborhood,b Warden said.
Added Allan: bIt's a bit above block level, but it can certainly tell
that I'm in north east Manhattan, or south east Manhattan.b
They said the precise latitude and longitude plotted on a map is
accurate to about 500 meters in areas where there are many cellphone
nodes and as much as 4 kilometers with fewer nodes.
bIt really does seem to be dependent on how good your cell coverage is,b Allan said. bIf you're in a big city like downtown San Francisco, the positioning is going to be much better. If you're in the middle of London, the positioning is going to be much better. If you're in a rural or semi-rural area, your positions are going to be much rougher.b
They also refuted Clarke's assertion that the latitude and longitude
coordinates logged in the database referred to the position of cell
towers rather than the Apple devices themselves. Some of the extracted
databases they examined plotted literally thousands of unique
coordinates in a small part of a single city. It's almost impossible
that there could be that many corresponding nodes in such a confined
area, they said.
What's more, the geographic locations of cell towers is usually kept
secret by the carriers who own them, and there's no clear way an iPhone
would be able to detect its longitude and latitude anyway.
bOur current stance is that this is the position of the device,b Allan said. bThere has to be now or very soon a big public debate about location data and privacy. This (research) might be something that helps kick that debate off.b
Cops already tapping consolidated.db predecessor
Chris Soghoian, a security and privacy researcher with no connection to
Warden and Allan's work, agreed.
bI don't think users had any idea that this information was being collected,b he said. bThe fact that it doesn't detail the exact street corner you were on and merely deals with what neighborhood you were in, I donbt think that's going to be comforting to people.
He compared the the iPhone and iPad's tracking of location information
to the Google Street View debacle, in which roving vehicles throughout
the globe logged unencrypted Wi-Fi traffic and dumped it into a giant
database, contradicting previous assurances from the company. Google
later pledged to destroy the data, which may include passwords and other
sensitive information.
Soghoian said Apple had a responsibility to let customers know the type
and extent of the information their iPhones and iPads were collecting
about them.
bWhen you get stopped by the police and they arrest you for any crime, they can search your phone and get any data off of it,b he said. bThis is definitely something that people should be concerned about and I think what it points to is that Apple isn't taking privacy seriously.b
Indeed, Alex Levinson, a forensics expert specializing in mobile
devices, blogged here that bgeolocational artifacts were one of the
single most important forensic vectors found onb the devices. As a
result, he wrote a proprietary program called Lantern that law
enforcement agencies use to actively examine the contents of the iPhone
location database.
bWithin 24 hours of the iPhone 4's release, we had updated Lantern to support forensic analysis of iOS 4.0 devices,b he wrote. bWithin 36 hours, we had begun writing code to investigate consolidated.db. Once a jailbreak came out for iOS 4, I wrote a small proof of concept application to harvest the contents of consolidated.db and feed it to a server for remote location tracking.b
Levinson also said iPhone location tracking has gone on much longer than
indicated by Warden and Allan, who claimed it began with the
introduction of Apple's iOS 4 in late June. In fact, said Levinson,
earlier iPhones contained a hidden file called h-cells.plist that
contained much of the same baseband radio locations that consolidated.db
has now.
bThrough my work with various law enforcement agencies, we've used h-cells.plist on devices older than iOS 4 to harvest geolocational evidence from iOS devices,b wrote Levinson, who is a lead engineer for Katana Forensics.
Based on Levinson's account, it's hard to put much credence in critics
who cite bugs and a lack of geographic granularity to argue that the
undisclosed tracking of iPhones and iPads is harmless or inconsequential
to its millions of users. Inclusion of the database means that anyone
who ever loses his device risks exposing potentially large amounts of
information about where he was over months or years.
That could be devastating for people embroiled in messy lawsuits or
those whose whereabouts are closely guarded secrets, such as volunteers
who work with victims of abusive spouses.
Of course, none of this speculation would be necessary if Apple would
come clean about exactly how the location tracking it built into its
devices works and what precise information is collected. The company, in
keeping with its Jobsian obsession with privacy, has yet to utter a peep
despite widespread media coverage.
Here's hoping Apple's location tracking isn't as big a threat as some
believe. But until those who know for sure speak up (Apple PR, are you
listening?), we think the prudent thing to do is assume it is.

@_date: 2011-08-09 20:23:22
@_author: Frank Corrigan 
@_subject: [liberationtech] BB in the news again 
No doubt the UK Police will use it's powers to get RIM to disclose the
phone numbers used in specific areas (cell towers) and then request call
records. The London police cells are overflowing with alleged rioters,
many will have had their 'smart' phones impounded for later forensic
analysis. The disturbances in London/UK are likely to be a test bed for
Police and Forensic Science analysis of digital footprints etc
RIM to turn in BlackBerry-using looters after London riots
"Catching the fire-starters retrospectively is possible as RIM can pass
over decrypted versions of BBM chatter."
BlackBerry blog hacked with riot-related threats

@_date: 2012-02-19 10:54:06
@_author: Frank Corrigan 
@_subject: [liberationtech] UK: Phone and email records to be stored in new 
I understand the capabilities below already exist in the US< in terms of
real time access to ISP/Telco customer records?
Communications Capabilities Development Programme
"Details of every phone call and text message, email traffic and
websites visited online are to be stored in a series of vast databases
under new Government anti-terror plans. Rather than the Government holding the information centrally, companies
including BT, Sky, Virgin Media, Vodafone and O2 would have to keep the
records themselves.
Under the scheme the security services would be granted breal timeb
access to phone and internet records of people they want to put under
surveillance, as well as the ability to reconstruct their movements
through the information stored in the databases." liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-06-23 12:21:56
@_author: Frank Corrigan 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Single board mini computers as circumvention tools 
Does anyone know of any research being done on the use of low-cost
single board mini computers to run the likes of online circumvention
tools like VPN, Tor, Gibberbot etc
Whilst these boards have been around for sometime, since the
introduction of Rasberry Pi, interest has grown and now there are many
boards are being created like:
ARM Mini PCs
Android OS and other Linux OS appears to run easily on these boards and
allows for use of software from the likes of:
 and  (sadly
now defunct)
Some of these boards are also so cheap as to be disposable single use,
or at least simple reuse after OS/Data erase.
I am looking at how easy it would be to develop and use a Linux OS  that
only runs from the board's ram (LiveCD/USB/SDcard), such as TAILs
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click
above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator
in monthly reminders. You may ask for a reminder here:
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820  8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]
