
@_date: 2000-12-01 09:52:34
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Pigs Blind Woman, Then Arrest Her for "Interfering" 
A further deminstration that all the citizen-units
in Los Angeles are not worth one cop's manicure.
   LOS ANGELES (AP) -- A Los Angeles Police Department officer shot a
   beauty salon owner three times with a beanbag shotgun because he
   thought she was reaching in her jacket for a weapon.
   The shooting early Monday severely injured one of Annette Amoroso's
   eyes and she was expected to lose the eye.
   Amoroso, 38, said in an interview from her hospital room Thursday that
   officers ordered her to the ground as they investigated a report early
   Monday that the sport utility vehicle she was riding in was stolen.
   ''I was on my knees, with my hands up, and my back to them,'' Amoroso
   told the Los Angeles Times. ''First, they shot me in the shoulder. As
   I started to turn around, they shot me in the eye.''
   Amoroso was expected to have her right eye removed Friday. She was
   arrested on suspicion of interfering with an investigation.

@_date: 2000-12-07 15:34:42
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Zionist Entity Tactical Laser Fizzles 
It appears that the tactical chemical laser the US has been hoping to
deploy to protect the Zionist Entity from rockets launched by Hezbollah
guerrillas in southern Lebanon is, in the words of its developers, "not
ready for action."
According to the defense department blurb on the system, called THEL
( the system employs
deuterium fluoride as the lasing medium.
Since deuterium is somewhat more expensive to produce than ordinary
hydrogen, one wonders why the system has been designed to work with
deuterium.  Is it because the government does not want fuel for it to be
easily produced, should the design fall into enemy hands.
Or is there some engineering advantage to using deuterium?  Does excited
deuterium fluoride have some wonderful spectral line in exactly the right
place, that pedestrian hydrogen fluoride does not?
Any chemical or nuclear engineers here who could answer the question of why deuterium is more desirable?

@_date: 2000-12-07 22:23:36
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: nambla 
Either that, or Jeff Gordon has decided he likes little boys. :)

@_date: 2000-12-09 09:57:15
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Feds Win "Child Porn" Case 
A Texas couple who ran two very well known and popular age-verification
services for Adult Web content have been convicted over the contents of
two foreign Web sites which were illegal in the United States, one hosted
in Russia, and the other hosted in Indonesia.
Age-verification services are a popular method of financing web sites.
Subscribers purchase a code for a small fee on a credit card, which proves
that they are adults, and gives them access to thousands of web sites
which use the particular vendor's codes to admit only adults to
pornographic material.  Part of the money for the subscriptions is used to
make a micropayment to the visited sites
Apparently, age-verification services will now be responsible for
verifying all content which their codes are used to access, a humongous
task.  Apparently, providing an access code for content legally hosted in
another country now makes one subject to US laws as if one had provided
the content from within the US on ones own server.
(Cypherpunks beware, while it is child porn that is being run up the
flagpole to support this interpretation of the law, bomb-making
instructions and seditious speech could easily be next on the list.  I
imagine Eterity Service operators could easily be characterized as
"madams" for their content as well, particularly if they took small
payments for accessing the system.)
When this story first came out, the news reports mentioned the real issues
involved.  Now that a conviction has been obtained, one needs a microscope
to even determine that the couple did not distribute any underage
pornography themselves, that anyone could sign up to use their service,
and that the vast majority of the material their codes could be used to
access was perfectly legal.
Their mistake, it seems, was in allowing revenues from people seeking to
access a couple of popular overseas child porn sites, legal in the host
country, to become a major source of income for their business.  This
destroyed their plausible deniability over the content hosted by their
clients, and in spite of expensive legal opinions they had gotten which
told them they had no legal exposure as mere age-verifiers, permitted the
Feds to convince a jury that they functioned as "madams" for the
"child-porn warehouse."
Of course, because they dared to take the case to trial, and didn't plead,
they will face an extremely harsh toilet-plungering by the judge at their
Here's one article on the case, from something that calls itself the Fort
Worth Star-Telegram.  Note the use of terms like "The Child Pornography
Business" and no mention of age-verification at all.  But then, when
you're "saving the little children," you are permitted to suspend ordinary
journalistic ethics in a very Kirkegaardian way.
By Toni Heinzl
Star-Telegram Staff Writer FORT WORTH -- Thomas Reedy gave himself the email name "Houdini," but even
the legendary escape artist could not have wiggled out of the net of
evidence of child pornography that authorities built against Reedy's Fort
Worth Internet company.
After deliberating 6= hours Friday, a federal jury convicted Reedy, 37,
and his company, Landslide, on all 89 counts of an indictment accusing him
of distribution of child pornography, sexual exploitation of minors and
related charges.
His wife, Janice Reedy, 32, was convicted on 87 of the 89 counts. The two
counts on which she was acquitted had to do with 70 pornographic images on
two of the couple's home computers, which were used mainly by Thomas
Reedy, according to trial testimony.
The Reedys were accused of giving Landslide subscribers access to Internet
sites displaying child pornography for fees ranging from $14.95 to $29.95
per month per site. The sites were maintained by foreign Web masters.
Landslide was the only gateway to the child-porn sites, prosecutors said.
On its Web site a "click here for child porn" link directed customers to
the sites. Landslide gave its subscribers user names and passwords after
verifying their credit cards.
The Reedys could face sentences of life in prison based on the number of
counts, the money involved and the violent content of the Web sites they
marketed and provided access to.
U.S. District Judge Terry Means will sentence the Reedys. He did not set a
sentencing date, but federal sentencings typically occur a few months
after conviction.
The Reedys played a high- stakes gamble taking the case to trial, despite
the self- incriminating statements they gave investigators during a raid
on their home last year and the mountain of evidence gathered.
Thomas Reedy had admitted to a postal inspector that 30-40 percent of his
business came from child pornography.
Prosecutors had offered Reedy a plea bargain of 20 years in prison in
exchange for a guilty plea and his wife five years in a package deal, but
the couple refused to take it, prosecutors and defense attorneys said.
Prosecutors and investigators who worked for more than a year on the
Landslide case said they hope the verdict will put other Internet
merchants of child pornography on notice.
"I hope this verdict might scare other companies into stopping what
they're doing," Assistant U.S. Attorney Terri Moore said. "Police and
prosecutors get smarter about this stuff and we're going after them."
Dallas Police Detective Steve Nelson, who signed on undercover as a
subscriber to Landslide and bought access to more than 20 child-
pornography sites, said he was relieved after the verdict.
Nelson, a member of the Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force in
Dallas, had unearthed evidence of child pornography on sites called "Child
Rape," "Children Forced to Porn," "I am 14" and more. He and other
investigators saved and documented images that included scenes of children
being raped by adults.
"This was the tip of the iceberg," he said. "Other companies should be put
on notice that they will be dealt with if they exploit children."
[Translation.  We will be fucking with other age-verification services
 in the very near future.]
Attorney Wes Ball, who defended Thomas Reedy and Landslide, said he will
appeal. He reiterated to a reporter what he told the jury in his final
argument: "We don't think the responsibility trickles down this far from
the Web masters. The Web masters are absolutely responsible."
The Reedys were charged in a conspiracy with two Indonesian Web
masters, R.W. Kusuma and Hanny Ingganata, and Russian Web master Boris
Greenberg, who have not been arrested.
The Reedys netted more than $1 million with their porn business
between 1997 and 1999 and paid about 60 percent to the foreign Web
masters, federal prosecutors said. The child porn business provided a
comfortable lifestyle for the couple. They lived in a $425,000
Lakeside home, and each drove a new Mercedes.
That abruptly ended last year when federal agents raided their company
and home. The business was shut down. The cars were seized along with
$130,000 in bank accounts and a few thousand dollars in stocks.
Since then, the bank foreclosed on their home.
Moore reminded jurors in her closing argument that the Reedys had
gotten rich off the misery of children.
After Ball compared what they did with ticket takers at a movie
theater who are not responsible for the movies, Moore gave jurors
another analogy to think about.
"They're not the ticket takers, they're like the madam in a
whorehouse," she said. "You can't see the girls without the madam."
[blah blah etc snip]
--- Eric Michael Cordian 0+
O:.T:.O:. Mathematical Munitions Division
"Do What Thou Wilt Shall Be The Whole Of The Law"

@_date: 2000-12-17 13:36:18
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: This is why a free society is evil. (fwd) 
I have a solution.
I keep MIME turned off, and if the 7-bit representation of the message is not instantly recognizable as substantially English, I hit delete. Sometimes, if I am in a bad mood, I hit delete upon seeing the large "M" next to the message on the index, and don't even bother
reading it.
If the MIME infestation proliferates, this process can be automated.

@_date: 2000-12-24 18:19:04
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Dude!  It's wired! 
Tim expounds:
It's been a slow politics and cryptography year.  The list is
full of spam, and vandals keep subscribing it to other mailing
lists.  Perhaps next year will be better.  I'm almost begining to feel
that Cryptology has achieved the status of a "Mature Science."
I'm currently amusing myself on DetweilerPunks.  Also known as Theory-Edge, moderated by Vladimir Z. Nuri.
 if anyone wants to visit.
Yes, a tasteful .sig designed not to cause public alarm, until the Shrub Administration's interpretation of our Constitution
is clarified. I suspect we are entering an era in which even vague hints concerning a sticky end for tyrants can get one arrested.
You need to moderate your views on non-producing eaters in the same
way you moderated your .sig file.  A new Tim for a new decade.
So, when's the next Jim Bell trial?  Anyone know?

@_date: 2000-12-30 18:13:10
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Anarchy Eroded: Project Efnext 
Almost since the inception of the Internet, Usenet and IRC have been
uncensorable distributed resources defined only by adherence to published
With no centralized administration, and resilience against the loss of
individual servers, they carry enough traffic to provide complete and
total plausible deniability for any server operator over content which
gores some specific group's ox.
Indeed, alt.anonymous.messages, a Usenet newsgroup, is often used as the
basis for Cypherpunkish schemes, in which people need to talk to each
other without any third party being able to discern either content or
traffic patterns in the discussion.
Unknown to much of the Internet, there is a plan brewing to "upgrade"
Efnet, the primary IRC network, to something called "Efnext."  Server
software is being rewritten and tested.  Efnet server admins have been
contacted and promises to move to the new network during a "transition
period" exacted.  People who won't play ball have been identified, and
plans to delink them and not connect them to the new regime fabricated.
Efnext is a very different kind of IRC than we are used to.  It is
centrally administrated, with the Efnext Cabal passing judgment on who may
link to the new system, as well as having the ultimate say over the
policies and selection of administrative personnel on individual servers.
The identity of individual IRC servers has been blurred whenever possible,
and IRC Operators have been given many new powers, which span individual
servers, and apply globally to the entire Network.
The old Efnet policy that IRCops didn't get involved in "channel issues"
has been replaced by one where operators are encouraged to do so on
Operators on Efnext will be able to globally reserve nicks, channels, and
even entire servers, making them inaccessible to people using IRC.  They
will be able to enter channels, adjust modes, op themselves, and mass deop
others.  They will even be able to remote k-line on any server.
There will be global logs of how these new powers are used, and operators
will work with one another to present to the users an unvarying monolithic
implementation of the policies and doctrines created by the centralized
Efnext administration.
In short, and in secret, and without many comments by the people affected,
IRC as we know it is about to get the equivalent of AOL Chatroom Monitors,
with the identities of individual IRC servers becoming invisible to the
users as IRC is transformed from a server cluster into a monolithic
network object under a single authority.
One could very easily envision a similar thing happening to Usenet, with
everyone awakening one morning to "Usenext," whose centralized authority
can turn newsgroups off and on with ease, and control who is permitted to
post, and what they are allowed to say, both before and after the fact,
and globally across all NNTP servers.
Freeh and Reno will love Efnext.  Saddam Hussein will love Efnext.  Channels like  and
 will be able to be disabled with
little more than a friendly phone call by the cops to the people publicly
advertising themselves as being in charge of the vast majority of IRC.
"Suspected pedophiles, money launderers, drug traffickers, and terrorists"
can just have their nicks turned off, or be k-lined on all servers.  All
for the greater good of the greater number, of course.
With centralized administration will come centralized responsibilty,
centralized liability, and of course, like the rest of the camel into the
tent, centralized policy.
Perhaps centralized policy like...
"No channel names with naughty words in them"
"No discussions which exploit Gyno-Americans, Under-18-Americans, or
 Differently-Tinted-Americans" "No talk of how to make drugs or explosives"
And of course, where ever there is centralized authority, people will be
encouraged to rat out anyone they suspect of such things to the classroom
monitor, and the path of least resistance will be to disable the resource
involved until the accused proves otherwise.
Perhaps Efnext will even include the ability to log problematical channels
at the request of law enforcement.  I wouldn't be at all surprised.
You can learn more about Efnext at "Resistance is futile.  You will be assimilated.  We will add your
biological and technological distinctiveness to our own."
We are Efnext.

@_date: 2000-12-30 22:17:16
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Anarchy Eroded: Project Efnext 
A typical citizen-unit will quickly trade a large amount of privacy for a
small amount of convenience.
Sheeple-shearing is never so successful as when it's "voluntary."
Note that the two things IRC really needs, end to end encryption and
authentication, are not even on the list of "improvements" these people
are working on.
A little over a month ago, Adam J Herscher wrote a lovely little rant on
Efnext, and rather than reiterate points which he made more articulately
than I could ever hope to, let me simply paste chunks from his message to
EFNet opers and admins.
"The way that this is being implemented is simply unfair. They're
supporting themselves with the argument that since every EFNet admin will
be approached, it is fair - yet they easily admit that there will be a
network split and that there is no other way to do it. Well, at this
point, let's take a look from the admin being approached perspective. I am
an EFNet admin, and approached by a group of people that tell me they have
a great solution to fix the network. They tell me that I'm welcome, and my
opinions will be heard (though I have no -official- voice/vote - yet), as
long as I change my server to meet requirements not officially approved by
anyone. That is, I will need to run new code, open my I:lines, possibly
add more opers, possibly resign as admin and allow a new one to take over
(again no server names mentioned, but I have specific ones in mind - and
no, not my own - a list of servers that were discussed as not being
allowed to link without conforming was actually posted). So what are my
options at this point? Well, I can link to their network, or I can decide
not to. If I decide not to, I will remain with a group of unwanted leaf
servers with no hubs. And yes, I mean unwanted by them - if you haven't
been approached by them yet others were months ago, why do you think this
was?  Perhaps because you wouldn't go along 100% or keep quiet?
Essentially this process is "conform or be delinked" - because it's
obvious at this point that if the major EFNet hubs and client servers go,
you will be left delinked - their idea of a network split."
It would indeed be unfortunate if all controversial IRC traffic ended up
being carried by isolated IRC servers, akin to remailers, whose admins
were under constant attack, and which came and went on a daily basis.
I anticipate that if Efnext pulls off this "Conform or be
Delinked" exercise, people will be setting their sights on Usenet as the next thing that needs "fixing."

@_date: 2000-12-31 10:01:22
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Anarchy Eroded: Project Efnext 
I see some interesting science here.  Permit me to explain.
One of the unchallenged inerrant doctrines of crypto-anarchy has been that
highly redundant widely distributed services are immune to attack.  Indeed, things like BlackNet are made possible because they can use such
services (eg alt.anonymous.message) as their underlying transport
Now we see a network of 33 servers being assimilated to a new way of doing
things.  How could this be?  Perhaps there are some flaws in our analysis
of highly redundant widely distributed networks.  Perhaps by looking at
Efnext, we might see what they are.
Flaw number one is that the servers in most networks are not equal.  Most
Networks are star networks, and most of the nodes are leaf nodes.  Leaf
nodes are at the mercy of their hubs.  Where the hubs go, the leaves will
Flaw number two is that it is far more prestigious to run a hub than a
leaf.  Given the choice of having ones own Enamelware Factory under the
new Reich, or being reduced to a delinked leaf, most server operators will
swallow their pride and go with the herd.
Flaw number three is that once the herd starts moving, it is very
difficult for individual sheep to make their views known, and almost
impossible for them to push the herd in a different direction.
Also, the trading of privacy and autonomy for convenience is a new threat
model we have not considered in the context of highly redundant widely
distributed networks. Here we have EFNet en masse giving up the old way of doing
things.  En masse.  "Voluntarily."  And what is their motivation?
Impending government legislation?
Janet Reno's tanks rolling on the locations of all 33 IRC Servers?
A court order, which threatens indefinite jailing for non-compliance?
No, it's none of these things.  It's some people who have gone off and
written some mods to ircd which make running a server less of a headache.
So the lesson here is that there is a "better software" attack on highly
redundant widely distributed server networks, and that entire networks
will trade control of their servers and allow changes to fundamental
protocols, in return for new "singing and dancing" code. Certainly, Usenet is also vulnerable to such an attack.  Most news admins
I know would give their left nut for a life free of spam.
Much in the same sense that it is "voluntary" for an individual in the
top 1 percentile on IQ and Achievment Tests to get a high school diploma.
However, try being allowed to flip burgers without one, regardless of your
actual talent. Making people "part of the process" is one of the first things one learns
in management.  How to simultaneously make sure they have zero chance of
actually altering what you have planned for them is the second thing.
Uh, right.  Let us know when you have working code.

@_date: 2000-11-20 19:21:39
@_author: Eric Michael Cordian 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Missouri AG needing postnatal abortion 
I think the point here is that almost every ISP has weasel-wording in
their TOS which permits them to terminate service for any reason, or for
no reason at all, to delete your files, and to bill you for any expenses
they incur during your sodomization.
While one can of course shop for another ISP, such antics usually take
place when they are the most inconvenient, and when ones activities have
attracted the maximum unwelome attention.
This tends to make popular speech free, less popular speech less free, and
really unpopular speech darned expensive.
Since the majority of the Sheeple will always trade rights and privacy for
convenience in an instant, people who have something unpopular to say
always end up paying everyone's free speech bill, and not just their own.
This is, depending on your view of the sanctity of markets, either a
GoodThing or a BadThing.

@_date: 2000-11-21 16:51:40
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Jim Bell arrested, documents online 
And from the aforementioned document...
What an unmitigated crock of shit.  Who would have imagined that
anti-stalking laws, originally sold to the public with tear-jerking tales
of battered women needing to be protected from violent boyfriends and
spouses, would be employed by jackbooted thugs claiming to be in fear of
their lives because publically available information about them is in the
possession of the citizens they harrass and persecute.
Clearly Jackboot-Americans feel they should be completely exempt from
ordinary rules of accountability which apply to all other Americans, and
that the state apparatus should be at their beck and call to carry out
personal attacks against their critics.
Laws on terrorism, conspiracy, and harrassment are being twisted daily to
do an endrun around the First Amendment, and convictions are being won,
and case law is being created, which says this is all fine and dandy.
It's gotten to the point where one may not exercise ones right to free
speech, unless one gives up ones right to freedom of action, and vice
versa.  One can say what one thinks of government officials, as long as
one does not engage in any behavior, however legal, which constitutes
action in support of that speech.  And conversely, one may engage in legal
action, as long as one gives up ones right to engage in legal speech.
To engage in both legal action and legal speech at the same time, is to
risk having the government twist ones actions into a conspiracy, and to
risk getting convicted under the new plethora of laws sold to the public
under various disingenuous guises, or under old laws given new
It's not necessary that the legal speech and legal action have any genuine
relation.  If you say the government is corrupt, and you belong to a
militia, and play paintball games in the woods on weekends, then you are
obviously conspiring to overthrow the government in word and deed.
Similarly, it's perfectly legal to own nitric acid, and it's perfectly
legal to say that IRS agents deserve to be dissolved in nitric acid, but
it's very dangerous to ones personal freedom to do both at the same time.
It's perfectly legal to possess publicly available information on
government employees, and to possess chemicals, and electronic devices.  It's also legal to go anywhere one pleases, on public property, and even
on private property to ring doorbells and ask people questions, as long as
one leaves when one is asked to.
It's also perfectly legal to hold satirical legal proceedings against
public officials, for the purpose of making a political statement.  It's
perfectly legal to speculate on cryptographic solutions to government
corruption.  But if one person does all these things simultaneously, one risks being
the subject of a contrived fairy tale, written by a boob like Jeff Gordon, sprinkled with innuendo, and rubber stamped by a judge as inerrant
scripture, which makes one look like the next Osama Bin Laden. So the First Amendment is effectively dead, not repealed by the will
of the people, but suffocated in the dead of night by Jackboot-Americans
like Jeff Gordon and his pals.  (puke)

@_date: 2000-11-22 14:15:14
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Jim Bell arrested, documents online 
The implications are that in a society where the government has not made
personal privacy and private communication illegal, you can't be an
asshole to countless millions of people without winding up with a price on
your head.
This seems to be a natural example of the doctrine that people who make
peaceful change impossible, make violent change inevitable.  Clearly, the
remedy here is for people in power to not act like assholes, rather than
to make personal privacy and private communication illegal, as governments
seem wont to do.
I think this is a reasonable observation.  You really have to be acting
under color of authority to strongly alienate enough people, who have so
litle recourse against you, that millions will bet a buck on your
continued good health in the hopes that an anonymous assassin will prove
them wrong and collect the pot.
I can't think of anyone I would have killed.  My personal moral system is
such that I only think it is reasonable to kill someone if they pose an
immediate danger of death or serious injury to oneself, or someone one is
obligated to protect, and retreat is impossible.
However, I recognize that the world contains many people with different
ethical codes, and if they want to issue a Fatwah at the drop of a hat,
that is their business and not mine.
Oh come now.  You have real recourse against Bill Gates and John Tesh
short of killing them.  Bill Gates and John Tesh don't claim they have
God's authority to kill you if you don't do what they say.  They don't
order your house raided, and your children terrorized at gunpoint.  They
don't force you to choose between going to prison or going to war.  They
don't accuse you of treason and try to have you executed if you tell their
dirty little secrets.
I don't think Bill Gates and John Tesh have a thing to worry about from
AP.  Janet Reno, on the other hand... :)
Well, as ts elliot once observed, what we need is a system so perfect that
it does not require that people be good.
Any government that requires me to pay attention to what it does, in order
to function efficiently, is a lost cause.  I mean, I don't have to pay
attention to Federal Express for it to perform well.  McDonalds manages to
make burgers without my participation.  I am not mailed a ballot to choose
the President of Domino's, and then told that everything is my fault if
the guy screws up, or that I have no right to criticize roaches in the
pizza if I didn't exercise my right to vote.
People can hire hit men to do such things now.  I don't see piles of dead
engineers all over silicon valley. There are only two classes of people the typical person would pay money to
see dead.  Relatives who piss them off, and government officials who have
dishonestly cost them everything they have, and are untouchable because
they are operating under color of authority.
People hire people to kill their shrewish wives, and to kill witnesses who
have put them in prison for 150 years by lying.
Disputes with employees, and displeasure over Windows needing frequent
rebooting, really don't rise to this level of visceral discontent.
Unlike episodes of "Columbo," very few murders that involve any careful
planning are ever solved, and then only if someone rats out the perp.
AP would permit vast numbers of strangers to financially support the
misfortune of a despised individual, just as small numbers of wealthy
non-strangers might decide to do now.
It is extremely unlikely it is going to change in the least the "who" or
"why" of contract killing.  I really don't think everyone is going to
start murdering their bosses, their landlords, or their local prosecutor.
Which is why the government's overreaction to Jim Bell's speculative
essay on ways of combatting tyranny is so telling. "If it doesn't apply to you..."  They keep on proving day after day that
it applies to them. :)

@_date: 2001-04-02 08:56:27
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Save Me From the Child Sex Predators 
Ah yes, good ol' Mike Echols.  A person so low that even rabble-rousers
like Ms. Anne Cox of CPAC refuse to mention his name without spitting.
The feds are very happy that Echols is in business, of course, as long as
he continues to direct his harrassment efforts at people critical of the
governments anti-porn and censorship agenda.  They'll do anything to help
him, particularly through quasi-governmental organizations like NCMEC, as
long as they keep their plausible deniability intact should he go too far.
A pest with friends in high places, one might say.
To a hammer, everything looks like a nail.  To a "child-saver," everything
looks like a pedophile.
One day, not so long ago, I flamed some member of the frothing radical
feminist man-haters contingent, who wanted to shred the Constitution, and
the next day, I was rewarded with my own entry on Echol's page, inviting
people to mail in my personal information so it could be posted.
Later, I engaged arch-kook Noreen Gosch on a CNN IRC server, from a shell
box in Salt Lake City, and Echols happily added "Lives in Salt Lake City"
to my entry.
Noreen is a fine woman who thinks that the International Pedophile
Conspiracy is run under the CIA's MK-ULTRA program, and uses Satanic
Ritual Abuse to produce multiple personalities in their secret child
operatives.  Of course, it's all run by Michael Aquino, who has had his
own problems with the Echols and Goschs of the world.
The Animal Emancipations folks have a very amusing Echols web page of
their own, with audio files of threats he left on their answering
machines.  Yes, Echols not only does pedophiles, he does animal rights
activists too.
over the place, and build him his own Eternity Server, should the BoyChat
folks succeed in making him ISPless.
dangerous, now that we have Ashcroft in office, and the government is
about to embark on another Ed Meese-style "porn causes all crime" campaign
with the help of its conservative fellow travellers.
It would be highly amusing if he managed to mainstream himself, and by the
second Shrub term, had gotten himself installed as our nations first
Pedophile Czar.

@_date: 2001-04-03 21:41:30
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Seth Finkelstein, reluctant cypherpunk? 
Thanks, Declan.  I think we've all figured that out by now.
"Libertarians are people who think the only legitimate function
 of police is to protect them from their slaves."
                                            --Lots of People
Most people get sucked into Libertarianism because it sounds like the word
"liberty."  After learning more about it, and meeting real Libertarians,
they go "Icky-Poo" and run swiftly in the opposite direction.
Libertarians don't mind this, because most of them also feel the exact
same way about other Libertarians.
Libertarian "philosophy" provides no mechanism whatsoever for arguing that
there can't, for instance, be a death penalty.  Or that "child abuse"
should be defined by anything other than what the majority of non-children
think it is ok to do to kids.
I doubt you'll see any Libertarians protesting either when Sally Mann and
Jock Sturges are hauled off to the Sex Offender Re-Education Camp either.  In fact, Libertarians are real good at letting everyone have whatever
rights they can personally defend, without anyone else lifting a finger.
Foo on Libertarians.  I have no use for them.  Can you imagine what
Libertarian foreign policy would look like, or a Libertarian space

@_date: 2001-04-05 13:56:53
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Web Archive 
Does anyone know why the Cypherpunks archive at
 has been down for over a day now?
If it's just a DNS problem, could someone post a numeric IP.

@_date: 2001-04-10 09:36:34
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: TannerWatch: Jack don't need no body language 
Former Alabama Governor George Wallace once commented that America is run
by "thugs and federal judges."
I'd like to see a cite for what law makes it "illegal" to criticize a
federal judge.  It was my understanding that pretty much all judges have
the power to have citizens dragged before them, to cite for contempt, and
to jail indefinitely without bail, without having to justify it to anyone.
I've always regarded this as a major loophole in our "nation of laws,"
namely that a judge can order you to do anything, and jail you if you
That and Grand Juries, which are unaccountable to anyone, and serve only
as tools of harrassment and intimidation, and rubber stamps for

@_date: 2001-04-10 09:51:50
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Screwing Jim Bell and Cypherpunks 
I think the Bell case indicates the need for Cypherpunks to start writing
code again, and stop engaging in meatspace theatrics.
Then no one would be on trial, and there wouldn't be a thing any
government could do to stop it.
Cypherpunks should be about creating and disseminating technology which
permits the most complex plans and activities of the most widely
disseminated group of persons, to be as safe from state interference as a
single individual's private thoughts.
Let's not get distracted from that goal by the fact that a couple of the
list's more confrontational members are being picked off by an
Self-Important Treasury Agent and a Senile Luddite Judge.

@_date: 2001-04-10 11:22:39
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: The Deconstruction of James Dalton Bell 
Ah, I see Declan has posted his impressions of Day 5 on Wired News.
Gosh, don't you just love how federal public defenders "help" their
clients, by calling them crazy in front of the jury.  Reminds me of all
those patronizing press conferences given by Tim McVeigh's lawyer during
the trial, in which he coyly explained that even human refuse like McVeigh
deserved the rubber stamp of due process, all the while holding his nose,
and acting like it pained him greatly to even be near the guy.
Until Leen gets his MD, and Bell is his patient, he's not qualified to
diagnose anyone.
One wonders why the article describes Bell as "Agitated," "Embittered,"
and "Combative," rather than by a more value-neutral term like "Angry,"
unless the reporter is also playing the diagnosis game here.
Why was this line of questioning even permitted?  It is a meta-issue, has
nothing to do with the charges, and seems only a shameless attempt to
further poison the jury.
It would seem to me that since writing "Assassination Politics" was not
illegal, it should not be mischaracterized as a crime confessed to on a
plea agreement.  The press does this all the time of course, reporting
that defendants "admitted" things in their plea agreements, which were not
the subject of any criminal charges, thus juxtiposing certain acts and
illegality in the mind of the reader.
Statements of fact in a plea agreement which are only background should
not be deliberately confused with the crimes being confessed to.  Would we
say Bell "admitted" to having a chemistry diploma, or "admitted" to living
at a certain address?  I think not.
Some animals are more equal than others, I guess.
Of course, the point that is missed here is that "Assassination Politics"
and Bell's attempt to document federal harrassment of him after his
release, are two completely unrelated things.
This is a big trend in prosecutions these days, so much so that if one is
outspoken in ones beliefs, one cannot commit any acts that seem to support
those beliefs, and vice versa.  Someone who advocates government overthrow
and plays paintball on the weekends, is looking at a long prison sentence.  It is safe to do either, but not both.  The "threats" and "acts in support
of the threats" can be completely unrelated, and the government will still
win the case.
Hmmmm.  Is it "Congress shall make no law ... abridging the freedom of
political speech...?"  Obviously Judge Tanner has a different version of
the US Constitution than I do.
Well, at least what media is not manufacturing consent for his conviction
is boycotting his trial.

@_date: 2001-04-10 11:38:35
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Screwing Jim Bell and Cypherpunks 
Tim May Wrote:
Well, I never use "Cypherpunks" to mean anything other than "those
presently subscribed to the list."  It's just shorter to type.
It's much like saying that some.newsgroup needs to stop gratuitous
crossposting.  It is not implied by that statement that some.newsgroup is
a collective entity defined by anything more than readership, or that
everyone in some.newsgroup is engaging in the problematical behavior.
Fine, change the motto to "Cypherpunks anonymously write code."

@_date: 2001-04-10 20:33:41
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Tanner article (nicely formatted for you sensitive lads) 
Norm Writes:
Obviously this is a new definition of "nicely formatted," with which
I was previously unfamiliar.

@_date: 2001-04-11 10:56:49
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: How do we expect to even  find them, when they're using mixmasters to 
Prior to the mainstreaming of Jesus Freaks and Victimology, I recall that
a study estimated the total number of genuine pedophiles, (those fitting
the DSM description), in the US and Europe combined to be around 15,000.
This is why the commercial child porn market folded of its own accord,
before the Meeslings decided that child porn could be made into the one
political issue no one could risk opposing.
What these dodos fail to realize, is that while only genuine pedophiles
will pay big bucks for child porn, large numbers of relatively ordinary
people will view free child porn, if they can do so without government
threats.  Biology has dictated, after all, that men are generally
attracted to the youngest, healthiest-looking fertile females, and the
arbitrary age of majority set by society is several years beyond this.
If anyone thinks the dissemination and viewing of zero-cost child porn
made possible by digital photography and the Internet involves only
"pedophiles", each of whom is slowing working their way up to victim
number 300, they need to unplug the Sex Abuse Agenda from their sphincter,
and grab a clue.
The criminalization of "intentionally listening," and "intentionally
looking," will ultimately end up being applied to lots of things that
don't involve depictions of horny adolescents.  People trapped in the
rhetoric of the Sex Abuse Agenda are greasing the skids for the New Police
State, unaware that the doctrine they are following was fabricated from
whole cloth by Antisexualists, Radical Feminists, Bible Thumpers, and
those opposed to Youth Rights, and has no basis in scientific fact.
The First Amendment should give adults the right to communicate amongst
themselves on any topic of their choosing, including through the use of
visual material.  How easily we toss this fundamental concept because the
Abused Womens' Whining Contingent transmogrifies any possibility of
non-problematical sexual activity on the part of minors into a statement
that they bear responsibility for their own abuse.

@_date: 2001-04-12 11:09:47
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Plan C from Cyberspace 
Tim May Wrote:
Obvious too that if Jim Bell were a nym, there would be no one to send to
Now that the standard for sending someone away for five years is nothing
more than a statement by some jackbooted thug that they feel "harrassed,"
and today's exercise of ones Constitutional Rights is tomorrow's evidence
for the prosecution, anonymity just became a whole lot more important.
Amerika has finally reached the favorite plateau of police states
mascarading as democracies, that of having enough vague and ambiguous laws
to make everyone guilty of something, with jury Sheeple being viscerally
incapable of taking a citizen's side against the government.
I am reminded of the old law school demonstration of having a black
student, and a white student holding a banana, run into a classroom,
briefly struggle, and run out.  When asked what they saw, students will
swear the banana was a gun, that the black guy was the one holding it,
that the black guy attacked the white guy, and make numerous other
attempts to forcefit the brief flashes of what they saw into the world
view fed them by the media and the public school system.
When shown a drawing of a uniformed cop subduing an ordinary-appearing
citizen, even a six year old will describe it as "the policeman fighting
with the 'bad guy.'"
When the state holds up four fingers, and asks the Sheeple what they see,
the Sheeple truly see five fingers.  The Sheeple realize how fruitless it
is to resist.  The Sheeple look forward to the bullet.  The Sheeple not
only obey Big Brother, they LOVE Big Brother too.
"Proles and animals are free."

@_date: 2001-04-16 23:18:29
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Timothy McVeigh 
Well, now that the government's Pay Per View killing of Timothy McVeigh is
less than a month away, the disinformation campaign seems to be ramping up
in order to self-servingly spin his crime.
Witness the following pious piece of crap making the Email route around
the Net.  Comments in [] are mine.
[Perhaps we should make "intentionally looking" at the book a crime.]
[All the publicity I've seen is from anti-McVeigh folk unhappy that the
Sheeple need additional nips at their heels to "Baaaaaaaaaaaaaa"
convincingly and in unison.
I keep thinking of bomber pilot who fired a two-thousand pound concrete
and steel piercing munition into an air raid shelter full of civilians,
including children, in Iraq.  When's the last time you heard anything
about his "REMORSE" on the tube?]
[Yes, Tim McVeigh, a veteran of the Persial Gulf War, which killed a
hundred thousand people during the war, and a million and a half
afterwards by wrecking the Iraqi economy, returned home to the US, and
judged the US Government's behavior at Waco by the same standards he had
been taught to use against the Iraqis.
Hey, it's not our fault the government didn't deprogram their killer
before returning him to civilian life, and he still had a conscience
You better put some ice on that, Oklahoma.]
[Seems to be that "collateral damage" has always the government's favorite
term for all the civilians that got blown up, napalmed, shot, and
otherwise met a sticky end because we were targeting something nearby and
they were in the way.
I don't recall anyone saying "OF ALL THE GALL" when the Pentagon
spokesperson joked about the unlucky civilians who just happened to be
crossing the bridge when we blew it up.  Of course, they doctored the
video by running it faster to make it look like there was no time to make
any other decision.  Clever, these spokes-weasels.
Perhaps the term "collateral damage" will now be retired because of its
association with Tim McVeigh.  Perhaps the government could hold a
jingle-writing contest to coin a new term for humans in the way when
America, the country that never apologizes, chooses to send a political
message with bombs and tanks.
Of course, if the 19 kids had been in an Iraqi government building, we
would be referring to them by the politically correct terminology - "Human
[The advantage of being able to give the victims unlimited airtime to
gripe over their loss.  When's the last time you saw a 1-hour special of
the Waco Victims' favorite family videos?  No firemen holding dead babies
for the cameras there.
Hey, did we ever rebuild all those neighborhoods we flattened in Panama?]
[How innocent are civilians, really?  They pay their taxes.  They buy the
bombs.  Sometimes, as happened recently in the Zionist Entity, they elect
a mass-murdering war criminal as their leader in an overwhelming
The notion of not attacking civilian populations is really a very recent
invention.  Convenient, at the present time, for the US to bray mightily
[Well, precious when it is convenient for their charred bodies to be
featured in a photo opportunity, for political purposes.
Sentient property for most other functions they are made to perform.]
[Oh, I don't believe for an instant Tim McVeigh blew up the Murrah
building because he wanted to become famous.
It was a calculated political act, for which he expected to sacrifice his
life, in order to create "consequences of significance" for the
government, for its behavior at Waco, Ruby Ridge, and numerous other
We may disagree with what he did, but let's not play propaganda games by
trying to trivialize and belittle his actions, and portray them as some
attempt at shameless self-promotion.]
Thank-you, Paul.  You may go and polish the fire truck now.
George Orwell once characterized the future as a "boot stomping on a human
face, forever."
A better picture of the future might be a decorated Gulf War veteran,
strapped to a board, needles injecting poison into his veins, while an
enraptured audience of hundreds watches on TV, and the voice of Big
Brother explains to them that this is what happens to people who confuse
Truefacts with Goodfacts.
There are few more dangerous lines that a government may cross, than to
kill citizens for committing purely political acts, even when those acts
result in massive loss of life.
In an ideal world, McVeigh would be a soldier who malfunctioned, a person
to be pitied.  Of course, in an ideal world, the acts which drove McVeigh
to act would never have been committed.
Time will tell whether the McVeigh execution will appease the families of
those his bomb killed and injured.  Time will also tell if this
closed-circuit demonstration of unstoppable government power against the
individual will create another thousand Timothy McVeighs.

@_date: 2001-04-17 14:10:28
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Timothy McVeigh 
Yes, it was our own government propaganda, just like the "baby milk"
factory being a top secret biological weapons manufacturing facility, and
numerous other such examples from the war.
The famous "baby incubator" story was fiction performed in front of the US
Congress to mobilize support for the war, and the supposed eyewitness was
later revealed to be the daughter of the Kuwaiti ambassador.  The entire
episode was scripted by an American PR firm hired by the Kuwaiti
Goodness, I thought everyone with more than five brain cells was aware of
these undisputed facts, which were widely publicized at the time.
As the old Russian saying goes, "He lied like an eyewitness."
I am aware there there is no credible evidence supporting the first
allegation, and I am not familiar with the second one.  If you have such
evidence, feel free to set up a web site, and let people judge for
This is kind of like someone criticizing the parent beating their child
with a 2x4, and the first words out of the parent's mouth are a smug -
"You're obviously not a parent, are you?"
The first sign of a nutcase is the attempt to disqualify everyone who
isn't a member of their clique from commenting on their behavior.
Particularly odd when the pathology of the behavior is apparently to
almost everyone, without the need for special training.
So, you post to Cypherpunks a lot, do you?
I assure you I have a knowlege of not only how soldiers are trained, but
the behavioral engineering behind it.
We should mourn all individuals unjustly slaughtered.  We should also
recognize that public outrage over such killings is directly proportional
to the media airtime used to promote their victimhood.  So clearly, the OK
victims get a better opportunity to do this than the Waco victims.
American lives, are, despite what you may believe, not worth more than the
lives of any other humans on the planet.
The first excuse of every bully is that the victim "made him do it" by not
acquiesing to his demands.
The government got together and decided upon a course of action which
showed reckless disregard for the people in the building, and had as its
primary purpose a demonstration that no one may defy the government and
get away with it.  The safety of the people in the building was only a
minor consideration.
Was anyone held accountable for their deaths?  NO...  We had a commission
whose purpose was to whitewash the whole thing, and write a report blaming
the victims.
Did the government make a "mistake" at Ruby Ridge too, where FBI Sniper
Lon Horiuchi shot and killed Vicki Weaver as she held her baby in her
Yes, he tried to kill lots of people at the federal building.  Your point?
Tim McVeigh has no monopoly on killing large numbers of civilians while
"sending a message" to some government.  It wasn't Tim McVeigh who was
quickly bulldozing the dead Panamanian citizens into mass graves just in
time to get them out of the way for the arriving reporters. I could cite numerous other cases. "Terror is a very effective form of communication."
                               --Delenn, Babylon 5
Now, if Tim McVeigh had tried to get 2/3 thirds of the states to ratify a
Constitutional Amendment prohibiting the government from barbequing and
shooting children, do you think he would have gotten his message sent as
quickly or as effectively?  Sometimes dirty deeds demand dirty
retaliation. The United States is the world's foremost International Bully, and a
premiere committer of violent acts to further its foreign policy goals.
The United States has zero moral authority to criticize Tim McVeigh's
The US Government made some decisions, and now it has paid for them too.
Sauce for the gander, and all that.
The last two federal trials I've followed, McVeigh's, and Jim Bell's,
there was no doubt in any ones mind that the defense attorney was working
for the government.

@_date: 2001-08-02 11:34:57
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Pi 
Interesting article recently posted on the Nature Web site about the
normality of Pi.
"David Bailey of Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in California and
 Richard Crandall of Reed College in Portland, Oregon, present evidence
 that pi's decimal expansion contains every string of whole numbers. They
 also suggest that all strings of the same length appear in pi with the
 same frequency: 87,435 appears as often as 30,752, and 451 as often as
 862, a property known as normality."
Of cryptographic interest.
"While there may be no cosmic message lurking in pi's digits, if they are
 random they could be used to encrypt other messages as follows:
"Convert a message into zeros and ones, choose a string of digits
 somewhere in the decimal expansion of pi, and encode the message by
 adding the digits of pi to the digits of the message string, one after
 another. Only a person who knows the chosen starting point in pi's
 expansion will be able to decode the message."
While there's presently no known formula which generates decimal digits of
Pi starting from a particular point, there's a clever formula which can be
used to generate HEX digits of Pi starting from anywhere, which Bailey et
al discovered in 1996, using the PSLQ linear relation algorithm.
If you sum the following series for k=0 to k=infinity, its limit is Pi.
          1/16^k[4/(8k+1) - 2/(8k+4) - 1/(8k+5) - 1/(8k+6)]
(Exercise:  Prove this series sums to Pi)
Since this is an expression for Pi in inverse powers of 16, it is easy to
multiply this series by 16^d and take the fractional part, evaluating
terms where d>k by modular exponentiation, and evaluating a couple of
terms where d<k to get a digit's worth of precision, yielding the (d+1)th
hexadecimal digit of Pi.
Presumedly, if one could express PI as a series in inverse powers of 10, one could do the same trick to get decimal digits.  Such a series has so
far eluded researchers.

@_date: 2001-08-02 14:16:51
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Pi 
David Bailey has a brief explanation of the Pi digit algorithm on his
Web page at NERSC...
Also check out "Recognizing Numerical Constants" by David H. Bailey and
Simon Plouffe at...
and click on the link titled "Formulas for Pi and Related Constants."
More interesting stuff at...
Where plouffe discusses some more of the math and reveals the 400
billionth binary digit of Pi.
Lots more if you use a search engine.

@_date: 2001-08-09 14:02:32
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Child Porn - The Lies of Ashcroft 
us>
Someone's funding must be up for review, because the by now extremely old
Reedy case has magically appeared on all newspaper front pages this
morning with headlines like "Feds Bust Gigantic Child Porn Ring."
Odd, since we've been discussing the case since April 15th, 2000, around
the time the Feebs raided and shut down the Reedys' servers.
To recap, Thomas and Janice Reedy ran a popular age verification service,
which offered the AVS and KeyZ codes to 250,000 subscribers who could then
access over 5,000 adult sites.  Typically, an age verification service
will keep some of this money, and give another part of it to the sites
that you visit.  Anyone could sign up to be a webmaster under the program,
and the Reedys were assured by their lawyers that they were not
responsible for content.
The service prospered, and the Reedys lived very comfortably.
Well, apparently an enormous TWO of the adult sites in question, located
in the non-internet-porn regulating jurisdictions of Russia and Indonesia,
offered material featuring people under the age of 18, which was illegal
in the United States, and the bowels of the governmental child-protectors
were soon in a gigantic uproar.
Now the Feebs are very careful never to prosecute a child porn case they
are not absolutely sure of winning, because they want to push the envelope
in their desired direction, and not end up with precedents and case law
where their doctrine is reversed.
Holding an age verification service accountable for two of over 5,000
sites located in a foreign jurisdiction had never been done before.
Still, this is America where all the papers will print whatever outrageous
bullshit the government says about child porn, without questioning it.
So lead prosecutor Terri Moore, a woman in love with the Sex Abuse Agenda,
who can rattle off adjectives like "chilling", "frightening", and "feeding
the hunger of pedophiles," at breathtaking speed, decided to prosecute the
case.  Armed with a 87 count indictment from a secret grand jury (the
favorite rubber stamp of prosecutors), and comments from other Sex Abuse
Agenda proponents like Parry Aftab, who compared the age verification
service to the World Trade Center bombing, Ms. Moore put her assault
vagina in gear, and headed to the courtroom.
Lost in the shuffle were the 250,000 holders of the AVS and KeyZ codes,
who found them worthless after the Reedys' servers were seized, and were
damn pissed they had been collectively cheated out of millions of dollars.
The over 5,000 Adult Webmasters offering perfectly legal porn were also
less than amused.
The trial was a circus of metaphors, with the Reedys being compared to the
madam of a whorehouse prostituting helpless little children.  In the end,
the jury bought the performance, and returned a guilty verdict.  The Feebs
had pushed the envelope even further, and age verification services were
now responsible for the content of all Web sites that used their codes.
Thomas Reedy got life, even though he had never produced a single piece of
child porn.  His wife got a lesser sentence.
But the Feebs were not done yet.  They had conducted a sting operation,
over a period of two years, trying to induce people to purchase child porn
videos, CD-ROMs, and magazines, and had incorporated the Reedys' list of
250,000 age verification service subscribers into the hunt.  In the end,
when they went public, they had gotten an astounding 144 search warrants,
and made an absolutely unbelievable 100 arrests.
Bear in mind the Feebs had never brought charges against anyone for having
visited one of the two alleged child porn sites.  All the arrests were
people the Feebs had independently trolled to buy material offered by the
government, completely apart from the Reedys' operation.
But that was only the beginning of the lying.  The government propaganda
machine spun into full gear, and newspapers began to write stories which
by the usual mixture of juxtiposition, innuendo, omission, and just plan
untruths, told the public the following.
That the age verification service was "the largest commercial child porn
operation in the history of the United States."
That the age verification service was itself the "child porn operation"
and that the Reedys were "child pornographers."
That the 250,000 subscribers to the age verification service were child
porn purchasers.
That the 100 people entrapped by the Feebs had purchased child porn from
the Reedys' operation.
That all the revenues of the age verification service were from child
That the government had just "shut down a gigantic child porn ring and
arrested its users."  In reality, the Reedy case was by then old news, and
the arrests of people the Feebs had entrapped had happened slowly over the
prior two years.
The press, which had originally told some the truth about the case, now
simply began reprinting Ashcroft's press releases...
Here's one such story...  I will correct the more blatant lies in [].
Texas Couple Convicted in Porn Case
[suggestion that all of this is breaking news]
By DAVID KOENIG
Associated Press Writer
August 9, 2001
DALLAS -- Thomas and Janice Reedy lived in an upscale Fort Worth
neighborhood where neighbors say they threw all-night pool parties and
where luxury cars would pull into their half-moon driveway at all hours of
the night.
They told neighbors they were in the computer business, which was partly
true: They sold access to child pornography on Internet sites with names
like "Cyber Lolita" and "Child Rape."
[They sold age verification codes, anyone could sign up as a webmaster,
 and they did not police content.  Only two of over 5,000 adult sites that
 used their service contained material illegal in the United States.]
Authorities say it was an international operation with 250,000 subscribers
that grossed as much as $1.4 million a month.
[All the age verification subscribers, and the total revenues of the
 business, now magically become the numbers for the "child porn ring.]
This week, the Reedys were sentenced to prison for conspiracy to
distribute and possess child pornography
[Conspiracy is the usual way the Feebs proceed when they don't have an
 actual case based on evidence you committed the crime in question.]
On Wednesday, authorities announced the arrests of 100 of the couple's
subscribers in what they called the largest child-pornography business
discovered in the United States.
[The 100 people were independently trolled by the Feebs to buy
 Feeb-produced child porn.  This had nothing to do with the Reedys'
 operation, or the two foreign websites, apart from the Feebs stealing the
 Reedys' customer list.]
"This is the worst kind of exploitation," said Ruben Rodriguez, a director
at the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. "To think of
the image of child pornography _ a child is being molested, raped, abused.
You're allowing people to pay to look at this victimization of a child."
[And now a word from NCMEC, a pseudo-governmental organization, founded
 by the Department of Justice, and run by Ernie Allen, a close ideological
 associate of both Ed Meese and convicted criminal and child abuser Mike
 Echols.]
The Reedys' attorneys call them victims of an overzealous government.
[The attorney better watch out.  The Feebs will get him next.]
Susie Boese, who lives next door to the Reedys' former Fort Worth home,
said Mrs. Reedy's young daughter spent a lot of time with her children.
[A not-so-subtle attempt to suggest that the children of neighbors were
 in some sort of danger by being in the same community with the evil
 Satanic age verification server.]
When the investigation heated up, the Reedys left Fort Worth for a small
home in nearby Lake Worth. They were arrested in April 2000. In court,
Mrs. Reedy, 32, testified that she met Thomas Reedy, 37, in South Texas
and moved to Fort Worth in 1997 with her daughter, who was then 6.
[Oh look, a paragraph of truth tossed in to confuse us.]
He was already working on a start-up Internet company, Landslide Inc. Mrs.
Reedy was trained to keep the company's books. She testified that she saw
offensive-sounding names of Web sites, but a woman training her in 1997
told her to ignore them.
"She said, 'Don't worry. They're just names. They don't mean anything,"'
she testified.
[Since Mrs. Reedy is a woman, she of course is a "victim" too]
For more than two years, Mrs. Reedy charged users a fee to view sexually
explicit sites, kept 40 percent of the money and sent 60 percent to
Webmasters in Indonesia and Russia. She said she learned the sites
contained child pornography when a former employee tipped her off in 1999.
[By now, the reader will believe that "sexually explicit sites" refers
 only to the "child porn operation."  And that the two webmasters in
 Russia and Indonesia, out of over 5,000, constituted the Reedys' only
 business associates.]
"I went to my husband, and he said he had contacted the FBI and it was all
being handled," Mrs. Reedy said. Less than a month later, police raided
the business.
[Some people are actually dumb enough to think that if they contact the
 FBI about child porn, they won't make themselves targets.]
Thomas Reedy didn't testify during the five-day trial in federal court in
Fort Worth. His wife was the last defense witness. The couple argues they
were merely collecting money for other businesses.
[A fact, namely that they only ran an age verification service, is impuned
in the mind of the reader by not being simply stated, but labeled as
something "argued" by the now-convicted "criminals."
Attorney Steven Rozan, who is preparing their appeal, said the Reedys are
victims -- Reedy was sentenced to life in prison and his wife received 14
"To lose 10 years of a person's life in prison is a helluva lot for a
crime that doesn't involve death, doesn't involve maiming, but is
basically a cybercrime," Rozan said. "These people were basically ticket
Investigators didn't believe Mrs. Reedy's claim to be ignorant of the
child pornography.
[It doesn't matter if the Reedys knew there was child porn on a few
 websites, if they were not responsible for content.  Most ISPs know there
 is child porn on their news servers.  That doesn't make them a child porn
 ring.  Charging for access doesn't make them the madams of a child porn
 bordello.]
Ron Eddins, who helped prosecute the case, said Mrs. Reedy exchanged
e-mail messages with foreign Webmasters about irate customers who
complained they weren't getting all they paid for.
"The Reedys marketed adult-porn sites and kiddie-porn sites. They charged
more for the kiddie porn," Paul Coggins, who was U.S. attorney at the
time, said Wednesday.
[The Feebs are allowed to spin the Reedys' customer service email.  Who
 knows what the actual messages said, or how many of them there were.]
After raiding the Reedys' business, undercover agents took over the
Landslide Web site and contacted its users. When subscribers ordered child
pornography delivered to their homes, agents moved in. Investigators
focused on the most egregious U.S. offenders, authorities said.
[Again, the suggestion that all 250,000 customers of the age verification
 service were child porn purchasers, and that the Feebs, rather than
 simply stealing a customer list for an independent entrapment effort,
 somehow "took over" an existing child porn operation.]
Among those arrested: a computer consultant from North Carolina accused of
producing videos depicting abuse of young girls, including a 4-year-old;
and a West Virginia man who worked at a psychiatric hospital for sexually
abused children.
[Lying by juxtiposition.  None of this individual's cited activities
 had anything to do with the Reedys' business.  The Feebs are simply
 looking for subscribers with outrageous unrelated criminal records, to
 make the story sound more sleezy.]
Most of the Reedys' Lake Worth neighbors said they didn't learn of the
couple's activities until they saw Attorney General John Ashcroft talking
about the case on television Wednesday. "It kind of puts an eerie feeling
in you when you know it's that close to you," said neighbor Kenneth
Franklin, whose young granddaughters are often at his home. "We were
totally unaware."
[And what smear would be complete without the finishing touch of
interviewing the smearee's neighbors so they can be quoted saying how
"shocked" they are.]
Eric Michael Cordian 0+
O:.T:.O:. Mathematical Munitions Division
"Do What Thou Wilt Shall Be The Whole Of The Law"

@_date: 2001-08-10 11:28:01
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: [Pigdog] Child Porn - The Lies of Ashcroft (fwd) 
The we won't tell the joke about the bus going over the cliff with one
empty seat. :)
I've always regarded liability for content as a binary situation.  Either
one is or one isn't.  The reading and viewing preferences of ones
customers are hardly something under ones control.
Does a library acquire liability when 40% of its customers look at the
most controversial books?  Does an ISP suddenly become liable for the
contents of its news spool, if 40% of its customers should decide to
investigate the naked children newsgroups?  I think putting people in jail
for knowing about content they have no control over is a very bad idea.
Most adult sites located in more lax jurisdictions carry a variety of
material, only some of which is in violation of US laws.  Since not one of
the Reedys' customers was charged with downloading any specific illegal
image at the two foreign sites, and the 100 arrests were produced by an
entirely separate entrapment scheme targeting the Reedys' customer base,
it seems unlikely that evidence linking specific customers to specific
images exists.
At most we can say that the two sites containing some illegal (in the US)
material reached an embarrassingly high level of popularity, and were
visited by numerous people, some of whom may have looked at stuff the US
Government forbids.  Or may not have, for that matter.
Of course, this is one BIG problem with child porn laws.  No one can look
at the site to see if what is being said about it is the truth.
The claim that the Landslide Web site had a clickable link with the actual
text "Click here for child porn" was made by an investigator who looked at
the site, and was widely repeated in the press.
I have been unable to independently coroborate this, and quite frankly,
it's real hard to believe, especially since the site was supposedly
operating according to well-clued legal advice.
Anyone who could put up a mirror of the site stripped of potentially
illegal images and artwork would be doing everyone who wants to verify
amazing allegations like this a big favor.
I'll go on record as being skeptical "Click here for child porn" was
prominently displayed.
Again, that Mr. Ready may have downloaded images that were illegal in the
US is not a crime meriting life in prison, and orthogonal to the entire
age verification/liability for content question.
I would argue that if one does not have liability for content, whether one
is aware the content is illegal is immaterial.
It's about whether the government should be able to jail people child
pornographers purchase goods and services from, when they are unable to
get their hands on the child pornographers, who aren't breaking any major
laws in their own jurisdiction.
It's also about the Feebs getting their hands on the Reedys' not
insignificant assets.
Could Kodak executives be "child pornographers" if 40% of the images taken
with some inexpensive digital camera they manufacture were demonstrated to
be of tumescent child genitalia?  Would this change if they were aware of
this use?
Eric Michael Cordian 0+
O:.T:.O:. Mathematical Munitions Division
"Do What Thou Wilt Shall Be The Whole Of The Law"

@_date: 2001-08-10 11:28:01
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: [Pigdog] Child Porn - The Lies of Ashcroft (fwd) 
us>
The we won't tell the joke about the bus going over the cliff with one
empty seat. :)
I've always regarded liability for content as a binary situation.  Either
one is or one isn't.  The reading and viewing preferences of ones
customers are hardly something under ones control.
Does a library acquire liability when 40% of its customers look at the
most controversial books?  Does an ISP suddenly become liable for the
contents of its news spool, if 40% of its customers should decide to
investigate the naked children newsgroups?  I think putting people in jail
for knowing about content they have no control over is a very bad idea.
Most adult sites located in more lax jurisdictions carry a variety of
material, only some of which is in violation of US laws.  Since not one of
the Reedys' customers was charged with downloading any specific illegal
image at the two foreign sites, and the 100 arrests were produced by an
entirely separate entrapment scheme targeting the Reedys' customer base,
it seems unlikely that evidence linking specific customers to specific
images exists.
At most we can say that the two sites containing some illegal (in the US)
material reached an embarrassingly high level of popularity, and were
visited by numerous people, some of whom may have looked at stuff the US
Government forbids.  Or may not have, for that matter.
Of course, this is one BIG problem with child porn laws.  No one can look
at the site to see if what is being said about it is the truth.
The claim that the Landslide Web site had a clickable link with the actual
text "Click here for child porn" was made by an investigator who looked at
the site, and was widely repeated in the press.
I have been unable to independently coroborate this, and quite frankly,
it's real hard to believe, especially since the site was supposedly
operating according to well-clued legal advice.
Anyone who could put up a mirror of the site stripped of potentially
illegal images and artwork would be doing everyone who wants to verify
amazing allegations like this a big favor.
I'll go on record as being skeptical "Click here for child porn" was
prominently displayed.
Again, that Mr. Ready may have downloaded images that were illegal in the
US is not a crime meriting life in prison, and orthogonal to the entire
age verification/liability for content question.
I would argue that if one does not have liability for content, whether one
is aware the content is illegal is immaterial.
It's about whether the government should be able to jail people child
pornographers purchase goods and services from, when they are unable to
get their hands on the child pornographers, who aren't breaking any major
laws in their own jurisdiction.
It's also about the Feebs getting their hands on the Reedys' not
insignificant assets.
Could Kodak executives be "child pornographers" if 40% of the images taken
with some inexpensive digital camera they manufacture were demonstrated to
be of tumescent child genitalia?  Would this change if they were aware of
this use?
Eric Michael Cordian 0+
O:.T:.O:. Mathematical Munitions Division
"Do What Thou Wilt Shall Be The Whole Of The Law"

@_date: 2001-08-10 14:23:52
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: [Pigdog] Child Porn - The Lies of Ashcroft (fwd) 
The we won't tell the joke about the bus going over the cliff with one
empty seat. :)
I've always regarded liability for content as a binary situation.  Either
one is or one isn't.  The reading and viewing preferences of ones
customers are hardly something under ones control.
Does a library acquire liability when 40% of its customers look at the
most controversial books?  Does an ISP suddenly become liable for the
contents of its news spool, if 40% of its customers should decide to
investigate the naked children newsgroups?  I think putting people in jail
for knowing about content they have no control over is a very bad idea.
Most adult sites located in more lax jurisdictions carry a variety of
material, only some of which is in violation of US laws.  Since not one of
the Reedys' customers was charged with downloading any specific illegal
image at the two foreign sites, and the 100 arrests were produced by an
entirely separate entrapment scheme targeting the Reedys' customer base,
it seems unlikely that evidence linking specific customers to specific
images exists.
At most we can say that the two sites containing some illegal (in the US)
material reached an embarrassingly high level of popularity, and were
visited by numerous people, some of whom may have looked at stuff the US
Government forbids.  Or may not have, for that matter.
Of course, this is one BIG problem with child porn laws.  No one can look
at the site to see if what is being said about it is the truth.
The claim that the Landslide Web site had a clickable link with the actual
text "Click here for child porn" was made by an investigator who looked at
the site, and was widely repeated in the press.
I have been unable to independently coroborate this, and quite frankly,
it's real hard to believe, especially since the site was supposedly
operating according to well-clued legal advice.
Anyone who could put up a mirror of the site stripped of potentially
illegal images and artwork would be doing everyone who wants to verify
amazing allegations like this a big favor.
I'll go on record as being skeptical "Click here for child porn" was prominently displayed.
Again, that Mr. Ready may have downloaded images that were illegal in the
US is not a crime meriting life in prison, and orthogonal to the entire
age verification/liability for content question.
I would argue that if one does not have liability for content, whether one
is aware the content is illegal is immaterial.
It's about whether the government should be able to jail people child
pornographers purchase goods and services from, when they are unable to
get their hands on the child pornographers, who aren't breaking any major
laws in their own jurisdiction.
It's also about the Feebs getting their hands on the Reedys' not
insignificant assets.
Could Kodak executives be "child pornographers" if 40% of the images taken
with some inexpensive digital camera they manufacture were demonstrated to
be of tumescent child genitalia?  Would this change if they were aware of
this use?

@_date: 2001-08-10 14:30:42
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: [Pigdog] Child Porn - The Lies of Ashcroft (fwd) 
The we won't tell the joke about the bus going over the cliff with one
empty seat. :)
I've always regarded liability for content as a binary situation.  Either
one is or one isn't.  The reading and viewing preferences of ones
customers are hardly something under ones control.
Does a library acquire liability when 40% of its customers look at the
most controversial books?  Does an ISP suddenly become liable for the
contents of its news spool, if 40% of its customers should decide to
investigate the naked children newsgroups?  I think putting people in jail
for knowing about content they have no control over is a very bad idea.
Most adult sites located in more lax jurisdictions carry a variety of
material, only some of which is in violation of US laws.  Since not one of
the Reedys' customers was charged with downloading any specific illegal
image at the two foreign sites, and the 100 arrests were produced by an
entirely separate entrapment scheme targeting the Reedys' customer base,
it seems unlikely that evidence linking specific customers to specific
images exists.
At most we can say that the two sites containing some illegal (in the US)
material reached an embarrassingly high level of popularity, and were
visited by numerous people, some of whom may have looked at stuff the US
Government forbids.  Or may not have, for that matter.
Of course, this is one BIG problem with child porn laws.  No one can look
at the site to see if what is being said about it is the truth.
The claim that the Landslide Web site had a clickable link with the actual
text "Click here for child porn" was made by an investigator who looked at
the site, and was widely repeated in the press.
I have been unable to independently coroborate this, and quite frankly,
it's real hard to believe, especially since the site was supposedly
operating according to well-clued legal advice.
Anyone who could put up a mirror of the site stripped of potentially
illegal images and artwork would be doing everyone who wants to verify
amazing allegations like this a big favor.
I'll go on record as being skeptical "Click here for child porn" was prominently displayed.
Again, that Mr. Ready may have downloaded images that were illegal in the
US is not a crime meriting life in prison, and orthogonal to the entire
age verification/liability for content question.
I would argue that if one does not have liability for content, whether one
is aware the content is illegal is immaterial.
It's about whether the government should be able to jail people child
pornographers purchase goods and services from, when they are unable to
get their hands on the child pornographers, who aren't breaking any major
laws in their own jurisdiction.
It's also about the Feebs getting their hands on the Reedys' not
insignificant assets.
Could Kodak executives be "child pornographers" if 40% of the images taken
with some inexpensive digital camera they manufacture were demonstrated to
be of tumescent child genitalia?  Would this change if they were aware of
this use?

@_date: 2001-08-12 13:51:54
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Dead Fetuses Cause Traffic Accidents 
Some prosecutor in Montana has banned pictures of dead fetuses claiming
they will cause traffic accidents. Uh,  right.
GREAT FALLS, Mont. -- A city prosecutor said an anti-abortion group's
graphic pictures of mutilated fetuses were a traffic hazard and could not
be shown at demonstrations along city streets.
Members of Pro-Life Great Falls reluctantly ended their regular Friday
demonstration at a Planned Parenthood office when Assistant City Attorney
Kory Larsen told them the signs had to go or be confiscated.

@_date: 2001-08-13 16:51:24
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Terrorist and Pedophiles 
Declan forwards:
Of course this is nonsense.
Regarding terrorists.  Our government conveniently defines a "terrorist"
as any sub-national group that breaks the law in order to influence
Note under such a definition, no recognized government can commit a
terrorist act, even if it firebombs nuns and orphans holding kittens.
Our government has suggested such defining characteristics of "terrorists"
as a knowlege of the Constitution, and self-identification as a "patriot,"
It's pretty clear whom our government considers to be the terrorists, and
it ain't fereigners.
Regarding pedophiles.  It's a rare disorder, there are only a few tens of
thousands of them on the planet, and most of them, like most other people,
conform their sexual behavior to society's expectations.
Of course, to get called a pedophile these days, all one has to do is to
criticize the Sex Abuse Agenda, and neurotic women will line up for blocks
to spew forth detailed scenarios on all the kids you've molested, crafted
entirely from their Child Sex Hysteric imaginations.
As the clued know, most sexual assaults on children are crimes of
opportunity, and have nothing to do with pedophiles.
It would make pretty much zero change in the safety of children to jail
all pedophiles.  Since most of the loons on the far right pushing the
anti-Porn and Sex Abuse Agendas have an attitute towards childrens' rights
which is summarized by the statement - "Children don't have any rights" -
one might argue on the other hand that the lives of children could be
improved immensely by jailing the Abuse Hysteria Whackos.
Don't suppose we'll be seeing the Rand Corporation recommending that
anytime soon.
Of course, statistics easily show that the most dangerous place for a
child is at home, at the mercy of his parents, with no witnesses present.
One has to seriously wonder if the fondness of parents for pedophile
scapegoating has a lot to do with the wish to divert child-protection
resources onto a form of abuse that is largely fictional.  After all, we
don't see these parents out demonstrating when kids are kicked with combat
boots and forced to ingest mud at boot camp.
Leaders rarely have to fear freedom and democracy, because all they have
to do to get their absolute power back is rock the boat a little, and the
Sheeple will run begging to give up their rights.
"Please, give us face recognition so our homes will not be blown up, and
our children will not be diddled by weirdos.  Where do we sign up?"
One might think so, but such critical thought requires the idiots to turn
their brain cell on for a few hours each day.  Too much work, when they
can just sit in front of the tube, and be told what to think by John Walsh
and friends.

@_date: 2001-08-13 18:27:29
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Terrorist and Pedophiles 
favorite definition of the US State Department...
"The term "terrorism" means premeditated, politically motivated violence
 perpetrated against noncombatant(1) targets by subnational groups or
 clandestine agents, usually intended to influence an audience."
The footnote expands "noncombatant" to include any element of the military
that is not actually engaged in formal hostilities against you at the time
you attack it.
So under the State Department's definition, unless official war is
currently being waged around the target, all attacks on US Servicemen, and
US military bases and assets, are "terrorist" attacks.  Nothing Israel
does to the Palestinians is "terrorist", but everything the Palestinians
do in response is "terrorist," of course.
According to the state department, "noncombatants" can actually be
property, as opposed to people, so taking a few whacks at an oil pipeline
with a baseball bat is "terrorism" too.
Unless you're a government, of course.  Premeditated violence by persons in no official position of authority is
generally unlawful, as far as I know.  Perhaps you could think up an
exception, but I'm not aware of any.

@_date: 2001-08-28 10:00:05
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentenced to 10 years in prison 
us>
Of course, this is just part of the continuing trend in defining "crimes"
by the subjective fantasies of a party claiming to be aggrieved.
*I'M* afraid, therefore *YOU'RE* stalking.
*I'M* ashamed, therefore *YOU'RE* indecent.
*I'M* poor, therefore *YOU'VE* discriminated.
*I'M* offended, therefore *YOUR* book is pornography.
In legal circles, this bears a strong resemblance to the rightly-named
"Heckler's Veto," in which a crowd deliberately misbehaves in order to
have a speaker they disagree with charged with "incitement."
The ultimate evolution of such nonsense is clearly the current situation
in which Jeff "PussyBoy" Gordon's bad Hattie McDaniel impersonation means
Jim Bell has committed a crime.
Combine this with Judge Jack "Token Negro With Chip on Shoulder" Tanner's
attempts to compensate for his genital inferiority by sentencing people
before they commit crimes, and it is easy to see why Jim Bell can get 10
years and $10,000 for doing, as they would say on "Weakest Link,"
absolutely nothing.
The larger question is what are we going to do about it?  Somehow
"Cypherpunks Write Code" doesn't quite rise to the level of an appropriate
response to these pigfuckers.
Eric Michael Cordian 0+
O:.T:.O:. Mathematical Munitions Division
"Do What Thou Wilt Shall Be The Whole Of The Law"

@_date: 2001-08-28 10:00:05
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentenced to 10 years in prison 
Of course, this is just part of the continuing trend in defining "crimes"
by the subjective fantasies of a party claiming to be aggrieved.
*I'M* afraid, therefore *YOU'RE* stalking.
*I'M* ashamed, therefore *YOU'RE* indecent.
*I'M* poor, therefore *YOU'VE* discriminated.
*I'M* offended, therefore *YOUR* book is pornography.
In legal circles, this bears a strong resemblance to the rightly-named
"Heckler's Veto," in which a crowd deliberately misbehaves in order to
have a speaker they disagree with charged with "incitement."
The ultimate evolution of such nonsense is clearly the current situation
in which Jeff "PussyBoy" Gordon's bad Hattie McDaniel impersonation means
Jim Bell has committed a crime.
Combine this with Judge Jack "Token Negro With Chip on Shoulder" Tanner's
attempts to compensate for his genital inferiority by sentencing people
before they commit crimes, and it is easy to see why Jim Bell can get 10
years and $10,000 for doing, as they would say on "Weakest Link,"
absolutely nothing.
The larger question is what are we going to do about it?  Somehow
"Cypherpunks Write Code" doesn't quite rise to the level of an appropriate
response to these pigfuckers.
Eric Michael Cordian 0+
O:.T:.O:. Mathematical Munitions Division
"Do What Thou Wilt Shall Be The Whole Of The Law"

@_date: 2001-12-10 21:42:36
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Professor Punished for Witty Remark 
There's also a blacklist on the Web of people in academia who have
publicly stated less than glowing support for Bush's war against "evil."
McCarthyism meets Wounded Knee meets Mike Echols. :)
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. -- A University of New Mexico history professor who
joked in class about the Sept. 11 attacks has been barred from teaching
freshmen for now, the school said Monday.
Professor Richard Berthold will also get a letter of reprimand and undergo
review, said Brian L. Foster, university provost.
The 55-year-old tenured professor told a freshman history class just after
the attacks that "anyone who can blow up the Pentagon has my vote."
Berthold has apologized for his comment, which he called "an incredibly
stupid joke." He did not immediately return a phone call Monday.
Berthold stayed off campus for a brief period while police investigated
obscene and threatening calls to the history department. He also said he
was assaulted in front of his home.

@_date: 2001-12-11 12:58:49
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Professor Punished for Witty Remark 
"Trei, Peter" at Dec 11, 2001 10:00:03 AM
It was released by ACTA, formerly the NAF, run by Lynne Cheney, formerly
arch-conservative Bill Bennett's heir at the National Endowment for the
Humanities, and the wife of the federal government's favorite cardiac
patient, Vice President Dick Cheney.
Imagine the joy of being a university professor, and waking up one morning
to find that a big powerful organization run by the Vice President's wife
has issued a report practically calling you a traitor.
from and from APSCUF's Higher Education News Blits
<<* THE AMERICAN COUNCIL OF TRUSTEES AND ALUMNI, an organization that says
  American higher education plays down Western intellectual teachings, on
  Sunday issued a stinging report that condemns colleges and faculty
  members for what it calls a "blame America first" response to the
  terrorist attacks of September 11.>>
and from WebNetInfo.com
You might want to wade through  and see if you can
find the report.  I took a quick look, but my javascript and .pdf
patience levels were quickly exceeded.
I saw one of the frightened professors bleating "but I'm not a traitor" on
CNN the other day, and a smiling ACTA droid saying that their list was
merely "academic criticism."  High drama.

@_date: 2001-12-11 14:12:39
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Professor Punished for Witty Remark 
"Trei, Peter" at Dec 11, 2001 04:25:26 PM
An interesting tactic.  Out those whose remarks are not publicly known, to
intimidate them and others into silence, while at the same time,
"defending" someone whose reputation cannot be further vilified against
excessive punishment.
Like most organizations that are members of the Conservative Labyrinth,
ACTA's web page is a bit deceptive.  On first reading, you might get the
impression that you were looking at some sort of ACLU-like organization
devoted to intellectual and academic freedom.  Look at how many times the
word "liberal" appears in a positive context.
Of course, this is designed to appeal to people who don't pay too much
attention to the fact that the word "liberal" in "liberal education" has
an entirely different meaning than it does in "liberal political
Defense of liberal education and attacks on the elimination of humanities
programs, do not equate to support of liberal politics and humanism.  :)
Even the ADL proudly advertises that the "solution to bad speech is more
speech."  In fact, they will happily provide you with carefully prepared
"more speech" to add to any website which contains comments that might be
construed as negative about a particular ideology and its followers.
I think most of us would consider the ADL pro-censorship, even as it
adopts Cypherpunkish slogans to describe its behavior.
As conservative organizations and other agendas strive to blend in to the
freethinkers, it becomes even more important to recognize that the ACLJ is
not the ACLU, Pregnancy Crisis Centers are not Abortion Clinics, and Child
Advocacy is not Childrens Rights.
Neither is defending a professor against being punished for snickering
over the exploding Pentagon an invitation to university faculty to speak
their minds on the likely fallout from decades of Belicose and Belligerent
US Foreign Policy.
There's a pretty good Boston Globe article on all this at...

@_date: 2001-12-11 17:01:11
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Professor Punished for Witty Remark 
at Dec 11, 2001 07:42:19 PM
Declan opines:
OK.  How about "well-funded?"  :)
I count $1,270,000 in grants to the organization since its creation as the
National Alumni Forum.  The NAF sold the idea that alumni should
contribute to the NAF's "Fund for Academic Renewal" instead of directly to
their institutions.  The NAF then gave the money to the institutions as
targeted donations, removing the institution's discretion over how alumni
donations were spent.
They went after the $2.9 billion alumni gift market with big ads in Ivy
League magazines.  Later they changed their name to the more impressive
sounding American Council of Trustees and Alumni, and broadened the
spectrum of pressure tactics employed to shove patriotism down the throats
of universities behind the smokescreen of "promoting intellectual freedom
and raising academic standards."
In what sense is such an undertaking neither "big" nor "powerful?"

@_date: 2001-12-11 18:13:59
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Professor Punished for Witty Remark 
"Trei, Peter" at Dec 11, 2001 04:25:26 PM
Are you sure that's the report all the fuss is about?  All the newspaper
stories I've read on this were pretty specific that names were named.
Yes.  Kind of like...
"Fuck America.  Fuck it to death and start over."
                       Crusty Retired Engineer, Intel.

@_date: 2001-12-12 15:41:33
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Jewish Terror Attack on US Foiled 
Gosh - doesn't anyone like the United States anymore?  Give the fuckers
$3 billion a year in aid, and they elect a war criminal as their Prime
Minister and pull shit like this.
LOS ANGELES (AP) -- The chairman of the militant Jewish Defense League and
a follower have been arrested on suspicion of plotting to blow up a Los
Angeles mosque and the office of an Arab-American congressman, federal
authorities said today. Irv Rubin, 56, and a member of the group, Earl
Krugel, 59, both of Los Angeles, were arrested last night after the last
component of the bomb -- explosive powder -- was delivered to Krugel's
home, U.S. Attorney John S. Gordon said. Authorities said the two planned
to bomb the King Fahd Mosque in Culver City and the office of freshman
Rep. Darrell Issa, R-Calif.

@_date: 2001-12-13 17:11:49
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Professor Punished for Witty Remark 
I think we're kind of missing the point here.  ACTA is well-funded for
being an annoying little pressure group that tries to increase the heat
around people who say things it doesn't approve of.
It's silly to compare its budget to Rand or SRI or the NSA.  And having
spent a million to try and redirect $29 billion in alumni donations makes
it a much bigger operation than the usual "Christians for Niceness" or
"Mothers Against Baby Exploitation" groups most of us are sick and tired
of hearing spew on news programs.

@_date: 2001-12-14 12:48:25
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Poor little child pornographer 
Nescio" at Dec 14, 2001 07:50:24 PM
Even your first sentence reeks of the Sex Abuse Agenda.  You cannot
distinguish between readers and authors of sexually oriented material, and
you think people should be instantly labeled with whatever any law
enforcement goon or sex whacko chooses to accuse them of, without benefit
of a trial.
Any country goofy enough to tell people what they are and are not allowed
to read, think, write, or display, within the privacy of their own homes,
even if no one but them is aware of it, is goofy enough to fabricate
evidence in pursuit of a moral panic.
"If it saves just one child..."
Why, of course, the child sex abuse whackos are all mentally well
adjusted, completely professional, and just live for the day they can say
"I'm sorry" for falsely accusing someone.  Uh huh.
I think you have liking pedophiles confused with hating idiots.  I am a
skeptic by nature, and loathe bon-bon munching Holsteins ranting about
children being molested by Bad Clowns in Secret Underground Tunnels with
Giraffes in them.  So sue me.
Any articulate person who criticizes flim-flam and nonsense these days in
the area of child sexual abuse, gets called a pedophile by all the Lying
Feminist Cunts.  They're nuts.  I'm not.  End of story.
Echols put you up to this, didn't he?  I hear Kinkos pulled his Internet
connection and he's now accusing them of supporting "Internet Child Sex
Predators and Child Pornographers."
Oh when will people learn.

@_date: 2001-12-16 18:51:00
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Ban 
Young" at Dec 16, 2001 08:20:17 PM
John Young posts:
Of course, this is the way the US government loves to operate.  Convict
people on bullshit, get them "in the system," and then impose conditions
of probation which prohibit them from exposing what was done to them.
Both the Jim Bell and Carl Johnson trials were examples of this method in
We'll see a lot more of such antics in the "terrorism" trials of the many
current detainees.  They will be convicted of bullshit, like transposing
two digits of their social security numbers, or failing to report they
were unemployed on a savings account application.  They won't be able to
defend themselves on terrorism charges, because they won't be on trial for
Then, in the sentencing phase, the government will get to say anything it
likes about the person being a terrorist, with no opposing point of view
able to be presented, and the 30 year sentences will be rolled out.
It's the new AmeriKKKa, where everyone is guilty of something.

@_date: 2001-12-22 16:46:22
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: "Swiss bank in a box" 
Gold, last I looked, had a single stable isotope which accounted for 100%
of its natural abundance.  79-Au-197.
One piece of pure stable gold is indistinguishable from another. So if your gold is pure and isn't radioactive, it hasn't been tagged by
isotopic ratio tweeks.

@_date: 2001-12-24 10:11:27
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Simplest possible ecash mint 
May" at Dec 24, 2001 09:35:14 AM
There used to be a little toy server run by Software Agents at
  It exchanged something called NetCash which had
the following format.
NetCash US$ 10.00 A123456B789012C
You could mail the server encrypting with its public key, and it would
send you back the results encrypted with any password you specified.
The server could do a number of simple things, like exchange tokens for
new ones, make change, combine a bunch of tokens into a single one, and
check tokens for validity.  You could deposit tokens and they would mail
you a check, or you could mail them a check, and they would issue tokens.
It was a cute little system, restricted to amounts under $100, and got
some use by BBS systems which accepted the tokens to pay for a
Anyone remember this?
It apparently folded, and netbank.com is now a real bank.

@_date: 2001-02-17 00:43:32
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: BuffNET Rolls Over for Porn Whackos 
Remember quite some time ago, when then NY Attorney General Dennis Vacco
tried to jump-start his bid for re-election by seizing the news servers of
two local ISPs claiming that he had busted a "Virtual University Devoted
to the Sexual Abuse of Children" and that the two ISPs in question
provided child porn access for this alleged "Institution."
Well, Vacco lost the election, the news servers turned out to carry the
same uncensored newsfeed as thousands of other ISPs, and "Pedo University"
turned out to be a running gag in a couple less tasteful newsgroups where
regulars would identify themselves as mythical faculty members when
responding to trolls.
In the end, a few people got busted for downloading questionable Usenet
content, but no children were saved, and the newsgroups in question
continued merrily onwards, along with the people adopting the "Pedo
University" moniker.
I don't know if it's anticipatory anxiety over the upcoming Shrub
Administrations "War on Porn" or just plain idiocy, but it appears that
one of the ISPs featured in Vacco's halucinations has decided to roll over
and plead guilty to "knowingly providing access to child porn" from its
Usenet feed.
The Wired News take on these amazing festivities can be found at the
following URL...
Apparently, in return for setting the precedent that ISP's are responsible
for the content carried on their Usenet servers, and pissing in the Common
Carrier punchbowl for everyone else in the country, BuffNET will get to
pay only a $5k fine, and get relief from an obnoxious police investigation
which is already running into its second year.
Ashcroft hasn't even warmed up yet, and the Lemmings are already hurling
themselves into the sea of their own volition.  Who says Sheeple don't get
the government they deserve.

@_date: 2001-02-28 08:52:33
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Another Wiretap Criminal Exposed 
More "Zero Intelligence" from the public school system.
NAVARRE, Fla. (AP) -- A high school student has been charged with
violating Florida's wiretapping law after tape recording a chemistry class
Asher Zaslaw, 17, pleaded not guilty to the third-degree felony in
juvenile court Tuesday. She faces a variety of penalties, including
community service and probation.
Zaslaw said she recorded the October lecture at Navarre High School
because she was having difficulty in the class and wanted to maintain good

@_date: 2001-02-28 16:42:12
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Another Wiretap Criminal Exposed 
In a criminal case, the plaintiff is the state, not the wronged
It was the state that filed the charges, and it was the state that
dropped them after the adverse publicity started.  Despite this, the student has been through a lot, including being charged with a
felony, and having to enter a plea.

@_date: 2001-01-09 11:07:46
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: IRC FUD: Chapter II 
On the heels of the Efnext debacle, I just read this fascinating article in Wired News which purports to explain that Usenet is already
dead, and IRC will be next. Methinks some people are just a teensy bit too eager to announce the
demise of certain Anarchistic parts of the Net as a forgone conclusion.
Particularly those parts which are used for Horsemen-related activities, and exist in a more supervised and LEA accessible form from providers
like AOL.
I'm not buying.

@_date: 2001-01-12 09:28:15
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: heavy handed feebs fuck 16 year old kid 
I never knew Dalnet was a commercial entity, much less one that cooperates
with the FBI in screwing over its users. I wonder if their servers log the chat traffic and index it for jackbooted
thug convenience.

@_date: 2001-07-04 13:55:05
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Textual "Child Porn" Conviction in Ohio 
Here's some more screwing around with the First Amendment from our friends
in the great state of Ohio.
Ohio, as you may recall, brought us the Supreme Court decision permitting
state laws to call anything they like "child porn," including mere nudity
and mere text.  It also brought us the Mapplethorpe Trial, the "Salo" gay
bookstore arrest, the Larry Flynt trial, and served as the birthplace of
the National Coalition Against Pornography.
Now Ohio is again at the forefront of blue-nosed preoccupation with
private conduct in the home.
In a case the prosecutor calls a "breakthrough" in the war against child
pornography, a Columbus man pleaded guilty to a single charge of pandering
child pornography and got a 10 year prison sentence.  His only crime was
writing words in a personal journal, which he never showed to anyone, and
which was discovered during a routine search of his home.  Had he gone to
trial and lost, he would have faced a 16 year prison sentence.
The law in question makes it illegal to "create, reproduce, or publish any
obscene material that has a minor as one of its participants or portrayed
Apparently, in Ohio, it's even illegal to write about a minor watching
someone else have sex.
I believe this to be the first successful US child porn prosecution for
purely textual material created for private use.
Civil Libertarians are, of course, unamused.  I wonder how many of them
have the balls to say so publicly, and risk getting labeled as supporting
the sexual abuse of children.
My guess is that the ACLU will keep silent on this one, and stick with
defending the right of Jewish children not to be frightened by Santa.
Brian Dalton wrote fictitious tales of sexually abusing and torturing
children in his private journal, intending that no one else see them, he
But when his probation officer found the journal during a routine search
of Dalton's Columbus home, prosecutors charged him with pandering
obscenity involving a minor.
In Franklin County Common Pleas Court yesterday, the 22-year-old man's
written words cost him 10 years in prison.
The case worries civil-rights lawyer Benson Wolman, who said it has
free-speech implications.
"What you're saying is somebody can't, in essence, confess their fantasy
into a personal journal for fear they have socially unacceptable
fantasies, then ultimately they end up getting prosecuted,'' said Wolman,
former director of the American Civil Liberties Union in Ohio.
"This is the only case that I know of where we are talking about a journal

@_date: 2001-07-04 17:25:08
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Most of a nation on probation? 
If everyone refused plea bargaining, and refused parole, the number of
people who could be prosecuted and jailed would be a small fraction of
those who are "in the system" today.
Of course, no specific individual is going to volunteer to be Bubba's
Bitch on principle, so the effect is that an unlimited number of people
can be kept "in the system" at a cost asymptotically approaching zero as
increasingly advanced monitoring technology gets mass produced.
Since the only pretense a democracy can use for taking someones rights
away is that they have been convicted of a crime, enough laws are made
until everyone is guilty of something, and then they are selectively
The first time someone annoys Big Brother, they are placed "in the system"
and lose their right to be secure in their person and possessions, keep
private journals, vote, work where they want, travel, own a firearm, and
at no great cost to Big Brother either.
"Parole" is the lubricant which makes this "democracy in name only" work
effectively, and as Tim suggested, is a great force multiplier for
oppressive governmental authority.
Through plea bargaining, the sheep volunteer to be shorn, at no cost to
Big Brother, and through parole, they voluntarily live with shorter chains
and in smaller cages, for the privilege of a less painful hair removal
process than sheep who protest.
"Be thankful that parole exists" is not the way I would describe the above
system.  One should also bear in mind that in a system without parole, the
government probably couldn't afford to make unimportant things illegal
without bankrupting the taxpayers in the process, thus repairing your
problem with the "criminalization of everyday life."
It's not like Joe Sixpack is going to give up his Beernuts so we can give
persons 10 year prison sentences for writing rude words in their diaries.

@_date: 2001-07-10 10:14:11
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Pigs Drive Man to Suicide and Steal His Estate 
More great moments in civil forfeiture.  Cops entrap person.  Person kills
himself in jail, or at least, that's what the cops are reporting.  Cops
make profit of $750,000 by seizing estate using civil forfeiture laws.
No messy trial.  Cash for everyone.  Grieving parents in no mood to
NEW YORK (AP) -- The estate of a man who committed suicide in jail while
being held on drug charges has been ordered to pay $750,000 to the Nassau
County district attorney's office.
The ruling, part of a settlement in a civil forfeiture case, was the first
in the state in which a prosecutor sought assets from a dead person,
Newsday reported Tuesday.
State law allows prosecutors to seize money from convicted felons if it
can be established that the money was obtained illegally, said Rick
Henshaw, spokesman for District Attorney Denis Dillon.
Robert Vorbeck, 38, was arrested July 2, 1999, for allegedly selling
cocaine to undercover officers, and committed suicide in his county jail
cell 11 days later. He had faced life in prison if convicted of felony
drug charges.
The attorney for his estate, Steven Kessler, said Vorbeck's parents wanted
to settle.
''They just wanted to put this behind them, move on and grieve,'' Kessler

@_date: 2001-07-12 22:51:21
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Thoughtcrime in Australia 
No sooner has that guy in Ohio gone to the slammer for 10 years for his
naughty diary, than some judge in Australia has fined a person $10k for
downloading naughty text stories on the Internet.
Will  and  survive?
And in a very odd and cleverly worded op-ed piece...
The New York Post has suggested that locking up Mr. Dalton was wrong
because he didn't show his story to anyone, while observing in passing
that such a sentence would have been just fine if Mr. Dalton had "posted
his story on the Net", or "shown it to a friend."
Goodness, we can't have that, can we?
Kind of makes one side with those who believe that the solution to
god-soaked religious cretins is an emergency lion-breeding program.
July 12, 2001
Child porn fiction gets fine of $10,000
By Bronwyn Peace
A MAN has been fined $10,000 for possessing stories about child
pornography even though the judge said they were not as serious as
pornographic pictures because they were fictional and there were no
Last month, prosecutor Gail Archer told the court that Keogh should be
jailed for the pornographic stories, which were found on his home computer
by his stepdaughter's boyfriend.
She said the stories, which detailed gang rape, bestiality and incest, had
titles such as Bonnie Goes Camping, The Little Homewrecker and Prince and
His Princess. "All of the stories are quite detailed, quite graphic and
incredibly unpleasant," she said.
Ms Archer said Keogh admitted to police he owned the stories but said he
did not know they were illegal and that they helped him cope with his past
abuse. She said any downloading of child pornography encouraged the
exploitation of children.
The judge said Keogh, who until now had led a blameless life, deserved a
significant fine.

@_date: 2001-07-14 12:46:20
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Echols Sits on MCI/Worldcom 
As hysteria over imagined sexual predation and the criminalization of even
thoughts and written words make headlines in the news, there's one
individual who's reaping a bountiful harvest from the dancing Sheeple.
He is, of course, everyones favorite Network Vigilante, convicted criminal
and religious nut Walter Harlan "Mike" Echols, who runs BAM, the largest
and most successful child advocacy scam on the Internet.
Echols' latest wet dream is a plan to harrass tier one backbone providers
into not carrying content he deems objectionable, and the rotund one, who
is fond of labeling his dissenters as "Internet Child Sex Predators and
Child Pronographers," has set his sights on MCI/Worldcom/uunet as his
latest target.
It will be interesting to see whether the resulting "Boycott and Hound"
campaign will bear fruit, and whether a multinational corporation is as
vulnerable to the same threats and harrassment tactics that have worked so
well with smaller providers over the years, and have resulted in Echols
presently being on probation for terrorism.
According to Echols, ...
BoyChat is one of the most heavily moderated and G-Rated forums of its
type on the Internet, and also one of the most widely read.  It is absurd
to suggest that all its viewers are pedophiles, or even more silly,
convicted child sex predators publicly plotting and scheming to commit
shocking new crimes.
Still, Echols' organization continues to grow, raking in sponsorship from
companies like Gateway, MP3.com, and Kinkos.  Self-declared child-advocacy
seems to have a baptismal effect these days.  Lengthy criminal records are
instantly washed away with a simple declaration that one is devoting ones
life to hate speech directed at "pervs."
Some links, if anyone cares:
BoyChat             BAM                 My Echols Links

@_date: 2001-07-20 18:52:18
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Geek Profiling Upheld by Appeals Court 
The 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals has just upheld the right of schools
to suspend or expel any student who speaks or writes about fictional
violence, dresses differently, has a "disturbing" background, or "fits the
profile" of a "homicidal student."
The 9th circuit is supposed to be the liberal one, right?
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- A Washington state school district acted
appropriately when it suspended a student for submitting a poem about a
fictitious campus mass murder, a federal appeals court ruled Friday.
The decision from the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals overturned a lower
court's ruling that the high school was wrong to suspend James LaVine, a
16-year-old junior, for 17 school days in 1998.
LaVine submitted his poem, ''Last Words,'' to be critiqued by his English
instructor at his school about 100 miles north of Seattle. Among the
violent imagery was the phrase, ''I drew my gun and . . . Bang, Bang,
Bang-Bang. When it was all over, 28 were, dead.''
In ordering the suspension, the school district had said LaVine had a
''disturbing'' background, dressed differently and ''fit the profile'' of
a homicidal student.
The student's attorney, Breean Beggs, said the court's decision could
chill students' First Amendment right to free speech and give educators
leverage to punish students for their ideas.
''I was hoping to have it made clear that students cannot be punished for
the content of their work,'' Beggs said.
The appeals panel said while the poem viewed by itself is protected
speech, the school district had a right to suspend LaVine on fears he may
have carried out what he had written.
''Parents and the public expect schools to protect their children and that
is getting more and more difficult in modern times,'' said Tyna Ek, the
lawyer for school district. ''This says that schools can act when there
are danger signals.''
The circuit panel noted that, in hindsight, it may not have been necessary
to expel the student -- given that it was later determined he had no
violent intentions. Still, the court said, schools need to react to the
potential for such violence.
LaVine, who is now 19 and graduated last year, said he didn't know why he
wrote the poem.
''When I write, I just get a feeling. Whatever comes out, comes out,''
LaVine said. ''There's not really any reason behind why I wrote it.''

@_date: 2001-07-23 21:56:21
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Vengeance Against Adobe 
Adobe's pulling back on Dmitry doesn't change the fact that the company
lied in saying what was being distributed was "copyrighted Adobe
Despite the EFF's effusive praise of Adobe, I don't plan to use any Adobe
software in the future.
In other DMCA news, does Fox really think they can stop "Planet of the
Apes" from being posted to Usenet?  This should be an amusing test of
Usenet routing around "damage," as Fox Intellectual Property attempts to
spam every newsadmin in the world with takedown notices faster than the
machines can talk to each other.
Bailing with a teaspoon if you ask me.

@_date: 2001-07-26 12:04:21
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Subject: Re: Weird message from someone named "NIPC" 
Does anyone seriously think this is not the case?  The alleged message
mentions far too many Cypherpunk-interest topical news items in one place,
and I seriously doubt the NIPC has suddenly adopted Tim's rather
recognizable style of parody in its internal documents.

@_date: 2001-07-29 23:03:16
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: POLL: Ohio "Thought Crime?" 
I thought his prior conviction was for the same thing, "pandering child
pornography," which given that Ohio also criminalizes all nude pictures,
as well as textual "depictions" of the sexual activity of minors, may also
be largely bullshit. By the local community standards of Ohio, perhaps.  I doubt Nifty needs to
worry about the competition.

@_date: 2001-06-08 13:22:18
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: From CNN: Rwandan nuns guilty of war crimes 
Maybe we should all chip in and buy Ariel Sharon a free Belgian vacation.

@_date: 2001-06-11 10:19:57
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Final Score - McVeigh: 168  Feds: 1 
As I was watching the coverage of the Tim McVeigh execution, I couldn't
help think that it was bigger than the coverage of the moon landing in
How the definition of what unites us as a nation has changed since then.
Technological excellence, versus an absolute exercise of unbridled state
power against a single unarmed individual, who no longer poses a threat to
While most of us would define "terrorism" as violence against civilians
and civilian infrastructure for the purpose of sending a political
message, the US government cleverly defines it as any violence by a
subnational group designed to influence opinion.
Thus, in the minds of our government, it is not killing that is wrong, it
is presuming to do so without the Imprimatur of statehood, and the power
to defiantly thumb ones nose at the logical consequences of ones actions.
Tim McVeigh's crime then becomes not "murder," but "impersonating a
I can forgve him for that.
Tim McVeigh's legacy is that it's going to be a *real* long time before
the Federal Government again attacks its citizens with tanks and snipers
for simply saying "no" to a government official, and the term "collateral
damage" is never going to be smugly used again to describe dead children
killed by the American military in some country on the receiving end of a
"message" from our President.
I think that's a GoodThing(tm).
History should remember Tim McVeigh as a decorated Gulf War veteran, who
gave his life to save his country, albeit in a rather creative and not
universally appreciated way.
I can forgive him for that too.

@_date: 2001-06-11 12:15:23
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Statement from McVeigh's Attorney 
Statement of Robert Nigh, attorney, on the occasion of the execution of
his client, Timothy McVeigh.
At 7 a.m. this morning, we killed Tim McVeigh, the person responsible for
the Oklahoma City bombing. But we did much more than that. We also killed
Sergeant McVeigh, the young man who joined the Army because he wanted to
serve his country; the young soldier that was so dedicated to his duty
that he became the top gunner in this battalion of 100.
He was the young man who took up arms on his country's behalf and traveled
half-way across the world to meet and engage our enemy. He placed his own
life in jeopardy because we asked him to and because he thought it was his
duty to do so.
His actions were of such character that he was awarded the Bronze Star
with designation of valor.
But much more importantly than any of that, what we did this morning was
to kill Tim McVeigh, friend to Bob Popovic, Allen Smith and Elizabeth
McDermott. We killed Bill and Mickey's son this morning. And we killed
Jennifer McVeigh's big brother.
Of course, we can say that it was Tim himself that caused their pain.
And we would be half-right. But it would be a lie to say that we did not
double their pain and that we are not responsible, because there is a
reasonable way to deal with crime that doesn't involve killing another
human being.
Although we might not express it in these terms because we know better, we
might say that these people are simply collateral damage, but we know too
well that there is no such thing as collateral damage. There are only real
people with faces and names and loved ones who may never heal because of
our actions, and that is true whether their grief was inflicted by Tim
McVeigh or by federal law enforcement or by us collectively.
To the survivors in Oklahoma City who have had the courage to come out
against capital punish in spite of the tremendous pain that they have
suffered, I say thank you. To the victims in Oklahoma City, I say that I
am sorry that I could not successfully help Tim to express words of
reconciliation that he did not perceive to be dishonest. I do not fault
them at all for looking forward to this day or for taking some sense of
relief from it. But if killing Tim McVeigh does not bring peace or closure
to them, I suggest to you that it is our fault. We have told them that we
would help them heal their wounds in this way.
We have taken it upon ourselves to promise to extract vengeance for them.
We have made killing a part of the healing process. In order to do that we
use such terms as reasoned moral response, but I submit there's nothing
reasonable or moral about what we have done today. That is true when
killing a human being even means killing Tim McVeigh.
There was a time when we recognized this in our country. In 1972, the
Supreme Court of the United States struck down the death penalty as it
existed at the time. In its concurring opinion in Furman v. Georgia,
Justice Marshall wrote, ''The measure of a country's greatness is its
ability to retain compassion in time of crisis.
''This is a country that stands tallest in troubled times; a country that
clings to fundamental principles, cherishes its constitutional heritage
and rejects simple solutions that compromise the values that lie at the
roots of our democratic system. In striking down capital punishment, this
court does not malign our system of government; on the contrary, it pays
homage to it. In recognizing the humanity of our fellow beings, we pay
ourselves the highest tribute. We achieve a major milestone in the long
road from barbarism and join the approximately 70 other jurisdictions in
the world which celebrate their regard for civilization and humanity by
shunning capital punishment.''
There has been a movement in the states to celebrate the dignity of human
life and to start a moratorium on executions. It did not come soon enough
for Tim McVeigh, but it can come soon enough for others.
Where we go from here is a question of critical importance. I have told
you, honestly, that Tim cared for people. And some of the people he cared
deepest about were his brothers on the federal death row. Even Tim
recognized that our claims that we are not racially biased are false. If
we believe that, then we ignore the reality that 18 of the 20 men behind
me on the federal death row in Terre Haute are persons of color. Fully 90
percent belong to a minority. If we do not acknowledge that, we are lying
to ourselves about what we are doing. We are killing the poor and the
minority and people that we believe to be different and lesser than
Even in Tim McVeigh's case, to which the racial disparity doesn't apply,
we were incapable of inflicting the death penalty in a fair manner.
The FBI could not participate in the prosecution without breaching its
obligation to turn over the witness statements. This must make us realize
that we are too fallible, we are simply too human to extract so final and
irreversible a punishment.
If there is anything good that can come from the execution of Tim McVeigh,
it may be to help us realize sooner that we simply cannot do this anymore.
I am firmly convinced that it is not a question of if we will stop, it is
simply a question of when.
Thank you all very much.

@_date: 2001-06-14 12:30:34
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: A Funeral Dirge for Ecash 
Nice little piece on Digital Cash by Declan on Wired.
Then Declan tries to explain blind signatures.
Blinding permits someone to present an encrypted document to someone else
for signing.  The original owner of the document can calculate the digital
signature that would have been created had the plaintext document been
signed, from the digital signature on the encrypted document.
This allows people to sign things without knowing their content, and
prevents the signer from later associating a document with the person who
asked that it be signed.
In digital cash systems, it permits banknotes to be signed, without the
bank seeing the serial numbers on them, so that the bank cannot later
recognize them when they are deposited.  This is what makes the system
anonymous, and prevents anyone from telling who paid for what.
What I find somewhat odd, is the protocol suggested here for the bank
making sure with a high degree of reliability, that it knows the
denomination of an encrypted banknote it is signing.
If I follow Declan's argument, should I wish the bank to sign a note for
$1, I send the bank 100 such notes each encrypted with a different key.
The bank then requests the decryption key for 99 of them, and after
verifying that they are in fact $1 notes, has only a 1/100 chance that
I've slipped a $1,000,000 note into the pile and they've missed it.
So in the DeclanCash system, every 100th dishonest transaction can rip the
bank off for $999,999, an average loss for the bank of approximately $10k
per dishonest transaction attempted.
It would seem far better for the bank to simply sign different
denominations with different keys.  The bank then need not worry at all
about the content of what is signed.  if a user pays the bank $100 to sign
something that is not in correct banknote format, then the user is out
$100 and has the bank's $100 signature attached to something he can't
In any case, I can't recall any digital cash systems which tell the bank
the amount of the note being signed, by sending lots of notes, and letting
the bank look at all but one.  So I was wondering if Chaum's patent
actually used this metaphor, or if Declan picked up the idea from
somewhere else.

@_date: 2001-06-19 15:30:01
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Rental Cars Now Big Brother Enabled 
Amusing little story about a minor rental car company that installed
GPS in all its vehicles, and added fine print to its contracts to say
that they will dock clients $150 each time they exceed the posted speed
One customer was unamused when they lifted an extra $450 off his debit
card, and is taking them to court.
Coming to small claims court: Roadrunner vs. Acme Rent-a-Car.
By Colleen Van Tassell
Published 06/14/01
James Turner is taking Big Brother to small claims court. Turner's taking
his own car. Big Brother's driving a rental.
A rental outfitted with a high-tech device that tracks your every move.
One that records your speed. One that enables rental car agents to rip off
unsuspecting drivers.
When Turner signed Acme's rental agreement last October, he didn't notice
the warning at the top of the contract that read: "Vehicles in excess of
posted speed limit will be charged $150 fee per occurrence. All our
vehicles are GPS equipped."
When he returned to New Haven on a Sunday night, he drove to an ATM to get
some cash and discovered his account was drained. There were three
mysterious $150 withdrawals.

@_date: 2001-06-21 00:09:44
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: FBI frame-job 
I followed this case pretty closely when it broke, and the weight of
circumstantial evidence struck me almost entirely as wishful thinking by
law enforcement, combined with public hysteria over product tampering at
the time.
I wouldn't be at all surprised if she just had the misfortune to buy one
of several bottles tainted by someone else, and after being traumatized by
having her husband die in front of her, got fucked over by the system to
That the feds may have withheld evidence that proved her innocence isn't
particularly startling either.

@_date: 2001-06-23 11:47:57
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Notification of Internet Violations 
Poor Joe Cypherpunk.  First Mike Echols called him an "Internet Child Sex
Predator and Child Pornographer" and now this.
Oh, the humanity.

@_date: 2001-06-26 08:58:05
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Journalist Arresting for Criticizing Cops 
In today's news of the truly odd.
KEY WEST, Fla. (AP) -- A newspaper editor and publisher was arrested for
publishing an article alleging a cover-up in an internal police
investigation he had filed an official complaint about, police records
Dennis Cooper, 66, editor of the weekly Key West The Newspaper, was
arrested Friday and released two hours later on his own recognizance.
The affidavit for his arrest cites a Florida statute that makes it a
misdemeanor for anyone involved in an internal police investigation to
disclose information before it has been entered into public record.
Cooper has alleged a police lieutenant lied in court about a 1996 stop of
a bicyclist, and that the Key West Police Department covered it up.
He filed a complaint last month with the Florida Department of Law
Enforcement accusing an internal affairs investigator of falsifying
information about his review of the incident.

@_date: 2001-06-26 08:58:05
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Journalist Arresting for Criticizing Cops 
In today's news of the truly odd.
KEY WEST, Fla. (AP) -- A newspaper editor and publisher was arrested for
publishing an article alleging a cover-up in an internal police
investigation he had filed an official complaint about, police records
Dennis Cooper, 66, editor of the weekly Key West The Newspaper, was
arrested Friday and released two hours later on his own recognizance.
The affidavit for his arrest cites a Florida statute that makes it a
misdemeanor for anyone involved in an internal police investigation to
disclose information before it has been entered into public record.
Cooper has alleged a police lieutenant lied in court about a 1996 stop of
a bicyclist, and that the Key West Police Department covered it up.
He filed a complaint last month with the Florida Department of Law
Enforcement accusing an internal affairs investigator of falsifying
information about his review of the incident.
After receiving the complaint, the department asked Key West police to
begin an investigation.
Cooper had published articles accusing the investigator of wrongdoing
before filing the complaint.

@_date: 2001-06-26 08:58:05
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Journalist Arresting for Criticizing Cops 
In today's news of the truly odd.
KEY WEST, Fla. (AP) -- A newspaper editor and publisher was arrested for
publishing an article alleging a cover-up in an internal police
investigation he had filed an official complaint about, police records
Dennis Cooper, 66, editor of the weekly Key West The Newspaper, was
arrested Friday and released two hours later on his own recognizance.
The affidavit for his arrest cites a Florida statute that makes it a
misdemeanor for anyone involved in an internal police investigation to
disclose information before it has been entered into public record.
Cooper has alleged a police lieutenant lied in court about a 1996 stop of
a bicyclist, and that the Key West Police Department covered it up.
He filed a complaint last month with the Florida Department of Law
Enforcement accusing an internal affairs investigator of falsifying
information about his review of the incident.

@_date: 2001-03-09 16:47:37
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Robb Joins the Cypherpunks 
I'm sure he did.
What's always struck me as odd is that Declan, who I have said previously
seems to be spending far too much time eating at the King's table these
days, seems to delight in publishing outrageous self-incriminating quotes
from Bell, in lieu of any factual discussion of the issues raised by the
I guess Declan must feel that as long as it's James Dalton Bell, and his
elderly parents, who are the only likely victims of the anal plungering
such comments engender, that it's great journalistic fun to put
"Cypherpunk Terrorist Vows Revenge" articles at the top of Wired News to
celebrate Bell's release from coercive mistreatment at the hands of the
state apparatus.
It is hardly surprising that these ill-chosen quotations resulted in a
subpoena, so that they may be presented as evidence of motive as the
government fabricates yet another laundry list of charges to hurl at Mr.
Bell, in its neverending quest to manufacture terrorists to frighten the
public with.
As I've also said in the past, absent the government's persecution of Mr.
Bell, AP would have been discussed briefly, like numerous other things on
the Cypherphnks list, and quickly forgotten.
The points Declan leaves out of his articles, and which I think are the
more germain ones, I listed briefly in an April, 1999 message after Bell's
first state-sponsored screwing.  John Gilmore also pointed out that a lot
of things people think are protected speech on Cypherpunks, actually
aren't when you examine the case law used against Bell and similar
As I wrote...
It's would be real nice if Declan would someday write a Jim Bell article
which explored the above issues, and didn't just quote Jim on what he
intended to do to the pigfuckers next.
As for Treasury Agent Jeff Gordon using anti-stalking laws, originally
invented to protect terrified wives and girlfriends against psychotic ex's
intent on killing them, as his current excuse to drag Mr. Bell into court,
let me just say that I believe that my prior characterization of Mr.
Gordon as the "World's Biggest Pussy" is still both Constitutionally
protected and accurate.

@_date: 2001-03-10 01:08:26
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Robb Joins the Cypherpunks 
Since I said "articles," which is plural, and each article has its own
headline, I think it should be clear to the clueful reader that the single
descriptive phrase "Cypherpunk Terrorist Vows Revenge" was an opinion of
the tone of the articles, as opposed to their actual captions.  My
apologies if this was unclear.
I'm not sure Bell is the arbiter of how well the articles you wrote
address the real issues of the case.  Bell could very well be happy with
endless articles talking about himself, and saying nothing about the
issues, and this would not suggest that Bell was all-important and the
issues were not.
I quite frankly find it embarrassing that the US government's search for
genuine terrorists has gone so poorly that it must manufacture them from
tax protestors who live at home with their elderly parents, and itinerant
musicians with Tourette's Syndrome.
Add to this government shills screaming in mock horror that a chemist was
actually found in possession of (gasp) Nitric Acid, and I think an article
which doesn't at least question how much the taxpapers are being billed
for this expensive continuing circus, and for what degree of protection
against what probable terrorist acts, kind of misses its mark.
Granted, your articles don't rise to the level of the US News and World
Report distortion of the Bell case, which deliberately gave the impression
that early concerns over Bell's rights being violated were misplaced, and
that in retrospect, the government saved us all from destruction at Bell's
hands in a massive terrorist attack by arresting him just in the nick of
Nonetheless, I think you could have done a better job of shining light on
the more sordid aspects of the government's case, the harmlessness of
Bell, and pointing that the charges against Bell were place-holders for
the real goal of intimidating him into not continuing to exercise his
First Amendment rights in ways the government didn't like.
The US Government claims it has no political prisoners, because the law
books of the United States have no purely political crimes.  Of course
this is false, and political prisoners in the United States are simply
convicted of non-political crimes, with evidence of their political acts
being introduced to poison the outcome of their trials, after which
exceptional sentences are imposed, again using their political acts as
Pulling such antics off is not particularly hard.   You just need enough
laws to ensure that everyone is guilty of something, in case they rock the
boat and need to be dealt with.

@_date: 2001-03-12 17:51:52
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Consensus? We don't need no stinkin' consensus... 
Can't we do without Victimologist prattle on a cryptography and privacy
list?  Shrinks should be next after all the lawyers are fed to the lions.
"Medicalizing" your opponent's argument, instead of responding to it, is a
tactic of police states, religious nuts, controlling relatives, and
idiots.  Which one are you?

@_date: 2001-03-14 23:20:27
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: The Privatization of Blacklists 
One of the more fascinating aspects of the Internet is the ability of
small groups of motivated individuals to create the types of privacy
intrusions that used to be the exclusive domain of governments, law
enforcement, and credit bureaus.
Gone are the early days when the Net was solely government, business, and
educational users, and people spouted their opinions on abortion, gun
control, child porn, and drug dealing under their real names, and proudly
signed them with their corporate logos.
On today's Net, saying anything too controversial, that gores the ox of
even a small group of zealots, is enough to get you on a list on someone's
Web site, and letters written trying to terminate your housing,
employment, and social life, by people pretending to be "concerned
citizens."  Such "Virtual Communities" of axe-grinders can form almost
instantaneously, from disparate bored housewives and wannabe vigilantes,
and wield collective power that used to be reserved to the powerful and
Woe be it to him who publicly offends cat-lovers, rabid feminists,
smokers, or Scientologists, and lets his IP be traced.
Indeed, as the Surveilance State approaches, it is apparent that most of
its tentacles are corporate, not government, with citizen units trading
privacy for convenience in droves.
Enter RepCheck, an amusing Internet startup created back in December, and
acting as a clearing house of gossip and other information on private
                  RepCheck is a simple idea.  RepCheck is free.  RepCheck is a database of
individuals' reputations, which anyone may add to or access.  Employers,
landlords, prospective business partners, and others, may check the social
and business dealings of anyone through the site, and anyone may leave
information on anyone else when the site is visited.
You must join to access the database, and in doing so, you agree to a
Terms of Service which says that you recognize that RepCheck is merely a
distributor of information provided by Third Parties, and has no
responsibility for any content, and that should you ever have a legal
dispute with the site, you agree to resolve it by binding arbitration.
You are also invited to give RepCheck the email addresses of several dozen
of your closest friends, so they can say nice things about you, and in
order to prevent "Identity Theft", RepCheck wants a working credit card
number and expiration date, which "they promise never to charge to."
(I vaguely remember some porn sites doing this for age verification and
then billing tens of millions of dollars in bogus charges a while ago,
So all you have to do to defend your reputation, is send all your friends
to the site, credit card numbers in hand, and recurse this process with
your friends' friends, your friends' friends' friends, an arbitrary number
of levels deep.
Kind of like Make Money Fast with credit card numbers and Reputation
Capital, instead of email messages and $5. :)
And, like most such pyramid schemes, the lemings pile on in droves.  A
leading computer magazine reports that within 2 weeks of opening its
servers, RepCheck had garnered 25,000 happy users, and presumedly a
working credit card number from each.  (Which they promise never to bill
to, of course.)
The US Government is prohibited from warehousing information on how
individual citizens exercise their First Amendment rights, except as part
of a legitimate criminal investigation.  Credit bureaus only disseminate
to their subscribers, and don't contain unedited comments on what your
neighbors think of you.  Police files are generally not public knowlege
until you are arrested and convicted of something.
There are no such restrictions on how private individuals or companies
accumulate or distribute non-credit information, however.  No requirements
on what can be said.  No procedures for correcting erroneous information.  No laws that unverifiable information must be removed.  No laws that say
how your landlord or employer can use such information.
Big Brother can certainly use RepCheck too, when looking for individuals
having non-mainstream political or sexual views.  Even individuals the
government would have no legal right to keep files on.  Individuals who
have broken no laws, and don't hang out with people who do.
Is RepCheck the wave of the future, when everyones skeletons in the
closet, as recited by their neighbors and business associates, are no more
than a mouse click away from everyone else on the planet?
Anonymity just became a whole lot more important.

@_date: 2001-03-16 15:01:00
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Junior AP 
The AP is reporting that the three year old son of a police officer, in
Clarkesdale, Mississippi, climbed into the back seat of the family truck
while his off-duty father stopped for gas, picked up dad's pistol, aimed
it at the gas station attendant, and shot him in the face.
The attendant, an unfortunate James Collins, 43, is in critical condition.
Remember, guns don't kill people, toddlers do.

@_date: 2001-03-26 15:57:46
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: shithead federal public defenders  
This was the guy who acted like he was on the prosecution payroll
all during the trial, right?

@_date: 2001-03-28 20:33:08
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Encouraging Terrorists is Legal 
A US Federal Appeals Court has tossed out the $109 million verdict against
anti-abortion activists who ran a website called "The Nuremberg Files",
which listed the personal information of abortion doctors, and cheered
whenever one of them was killed.
The Judge opined that as long as the defendants didn't threaten to commit
violent acts, working alone or with others, that their conduct constituted
protected First Amendment Free Speech.
Specifically, speech which only "encourages unrelated terrorists" is First
Amendment protected.
Now what was it Jim Bell threatened to do with those pigfucker names and
addresses again?

@_date: 2001-03-31 21:04:54
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Gifting 
Christians trying to get other Christians to help them, in order that
still other Christians will help those Christians, is an "Illegal Pyramid
Scheme?" We seem to have laws against everything now, don't we.

@_date: 2001-11-02 22:06:11
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: American Schools Need Flattening Too 
Students in AmeriKKKan government-run schools have never had much freedom
of speech, since the courts have ruled that all administrators have to do
is mumble something about the "disruption" of the (laugh) "educational
process" and civil rights conveniently evaporate.
Still, there's something annoying when a high school student isn't allowed
to publicly question the War in Afghanistan.  Contrast this with the
Vietnam War, before the police state had been racheted up to its current
degree of tightness.
Asscruft now wants life sentences for anyone yelling "Anthrax" in a public
place, or sprinkling talcum powder on their friends.  "Zero Tolerance"
moves from the classroom to the rest of society.
In other news, we have received credible information from several usually
reliable sources that some unspecified person or group might commit an
unspecified terrorist act against an unspecified target in the near but
unspecified future.  We urge everyone to be on their highest alert, and
ignore anything that sounds like screaming children being cluster bombed.
CHARLESTON, W.Va. -- A judge ruled Thursday that a 15-year-old sophomore
cannot form an anarchy club or wear T-shirts opposing the U.S. bombing of
Afghanistan because it would disrupt school. Katie Sierra was suspended
from Sissonville High School for three days for promoting the club. She
was also told she could not wear T-shirts with messages such as: "When I
saw the dead and dying Afghani children on TV, I felt a newly recovered
sense of national security. God Bless America."
In a complaint filed with her mother, Sierra argued her right to free
speech was being denied.
Circuit Court Judge James Stucky agreed that free speech is "sacred" but
he found that such rights are "tempered by the limitations that they ...
not disrupt the educational process."
[Congress shall make NO LAW abridging the freedom of NON-DISRUPTIVE
 speech (Guffaw)]
Sierra said she'll pursue the dispute. "I don't want war. I'm not for
Afghanistan," Sierra said. "I think that what we're doing to them is just
as bad as what they did to us, and I think it needs to be stopped."
James Withrow, lawyer for the Kanawha County Board of Education, argued
that an anarchy club was inappropriate because students "do not feel that
their school is a safe place anymore." "Anarchy is the antithesis of what
we believe should be in schools," Withrow said.
Sierra's attorney, Roger Forman, said she is "being punished for
expressing her opinion."

@_date: 2001-11-05 12:34:25
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: More Creeping Public School Fascism 
Here's the latest outrage from our country's government-run schools.  Not
only do school officials presume to stick their noses into what kids do on
their own free time, away from school, but they think they can use lie
detectors to pry into kids' private lives.
Notice the collusion between the pigs and the school administrators.  Pigs make lists of people, none of whom have been charged with any crime,
and turn them over to school administrators, who have the power to take
action with no requirement of fairness or due process.
Note that nothing can be done about this unless a parent files a
complaint.  Kids don't have any rights in this country, except through
parental proxy, and apparently all the parents in this town have the
school superintendent's balls slapping against their chins.
Schools got away with "Zero Tolerance" using a small number of school
shootings as a pretense.  Now we'll see what they can get away with using
their increased FUD powers under the War on Terrorism(tm).
These administrators need to be gutted and their heads posted in public
view as a warning to others.
DUNLAP, Ill. -- One by one, the subjects were led into a room and hooked
up to a polygraph machine.
The purpose: to determine whether the teen-agers violated Dunlap High
School's code of conduct by attending a party where alcohol was consumed.
Seven of the 10 students who submitted to the lie detector exams -- all of
them football players -- flunked the questioning last month and were
barred from competing in the first round of the state playoffs. Some of
their parents wept when they learned their children had lied to them.
Dunlap High went to extraordinary lengths to get to the bottom of what was
otherwise a routine case of teen-agers getting into trouble. School
Superintendent Bill Collier said it was the right thing to do to sort the
guilty from the innocent: "It may look bad, it may sound bad, but it's the
fairest way."
The investigation began after police broke up a party Oct. 6. Nobody was
arrested, but officers took down the names of everyone present and traced
the registration of all cars parked there. Their list of 15 athletes was
turned over to school officials.
Three students admitted guilt when confronted. But many others claimed
that they had left the party as soon as they realized alcohol was present.
So school officials proposed the polygraphs.
Two students were suspended from the team after refusing to take the test,
and seven more were suspended after flunking. Collier pointed out that
three students were cleared who might otherwise have been punished.
"For these three kids, this worked exactly the way it is supposed to
work," he said.
Dunlap High went on to lose the Oct. 27 playoff game 28-7. Mike Griffith,
a policy analyst for the Education Commission of the States in Denver,
said he has never heard of a school using polygraphs in such a way, and he
called it an extreme measure.
"But in the end," he said, "if the parents don't file a complaint and the
school district is satisfied, it's a done deal."
Matt Jones, an attorney who represented the students who took the
polygraphs and their parents, said a lawsuit is unlikely, but parents may
try to pressure the school board into changing its policy regarding
parties. The students' names were not released by the school or Jones.
Jones said the suspended players -- most of them starters -- had greater
concerns than the outcome of the game. "Part of the disappointment is the
public scrutiny and having their parents disappointed in them," the lawyer
said. "With most of them, it's not about their participation but because
they let down their team."
Some in this central Illinois town of about 1,000 people 12 miles north
Peoria have been openly critical of school officials. "You would think
they have better things to do," said Mark Wade, a 1979 Dunlap High
graduate. Wade said the drinking policy existed when he was in high
school, and athletes and others were sometimes questioned about their
weekend activities. He said students sometimes lied, and their answers
were accepted; nobody gave them a polygraph. "That wouldn't have washed.
The parents wouldn't have stood for it," he said.
Collier and Jones said that before each polygraph session, held at the
school board's offices, the students and their parents were taken aside.
The students were asked to describe their actions that night. Before the
examinations began, the parents were asked to leave to eliminate
Afterward, the polygraph examiner went over results with the students and
their parents. Collier described the scene as sad, with some parents
shedding tears as they realized their children had lied to them and the
The superintendent said getting the truth was more important than a
football playoff game.
"I do know kids and adults can't continue to tell lies," he said. "Parents
need to do more communicating with their kids on real-life issues and find
out what they're doing on weekends."

@_date: 2001-11-06 01:03:40
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Alan Dershowitz Suggests Torture Warrants 
Gaylor" at Nov 06, 2001 02:41:58 AM
Matthew Gaylor alerts:
Professor Dershowitz has always walked a thin line between being a civil
libertarian and being a apologist for Israel and Zionism.  In all cases
that I can remember where there was a conflict between the two, he was the
Israel tortures, and what's good for Israel, is apparently also good for
the United States.
Kind of like circumcision.  If you can get everyone doing it, the chances
it will be outlawed, or that you will be criticized for doing it, grow

@_date: 2001-11-14 10:09:27
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: The Recognized Name in Data Security 
Here's an exerpt from a little story in Wired News this morning about
secure data centers.
I don't know about you, but having my data guarded by "Osama Arafat" would
make me feel all safe, warm, and cozy.
   Q9, a data center in Toronto, uses both proximity cards and
   fingerprint scanners to access the computer room, which is entered
   through a bullet-proof revolving door that allows only one person
   through at a time.
   "The whole idea is that someone can't force another person to let them
   in," said Q9 CEO Osama Arafat. "It's just part of the due diligence
   that people demand."

@_date: 2001-11-16 23:27:12
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Devicet 
Why?  Neither U-235 nor Pu-239 is particularly radioactive.  Vitrified
plutonium disks have been used as poker chips by workers in fuel
fabrication facilities.  Most of these materials are only dangerous when
ingested, radiating your tissues with alpha particles directly. They also
have very low rates of spontaneous fission, so neutrons aren't generally a
big deal.
As long as you stay clear of criticality, you aren't going to get radiated
at all.
My bullshit detector is starting to go off.
Well, that depends on your moderator, doesn't it?  The "bare sphere"
critical mass of U-235 is over 50 kilograms, if you don't mix it with a
moderator, or surround it with a neutron reflector.  Fast neutron fission
cross-sections aren't particularly large.  Plutonium is somewhat better,
but you'll need at least 11 kilograms, even with a nice tamper to bounce
the neutrons back.
A sub-critical mass won't do squat.  A criticality accident will kill you,
and require a hazmat crew to clean up your lab, but it won't blow anything
up.  Generally, what you make critical will just melt and splatter into a
non-critical shape, if no effort is made to confine it.
This is silly.  Nuclear weapons can be made to work by compressing a solid
sphere to double density with explosives, or by removing an "apple core"
third of a supercritical sphere, and shooting it back in with a gun.  The
hollow sphere myth remains pervasive because scientists had the idea of
imploding a hollow sphere with explosives when the Manhattan project
begun, and because the government has been less than forthcoming with what
methods actually turned out to work.
While a generous hollow sphere with a small void might work, something
made by beating nuclear material into a salad bowl certainly wouldn't,
even if you managed to time the explosives perfectly.
I suggest you look uranium up in your materials handbook before you start
whacking it into your salad bowl.  Pure uranium is only slightly softer
than steel, and with a little molybdenum added, is harder than the finest
tool steel.  Malleable means the material doesn't break when you work
it.  It is not a measure of how much force is required to work it.  Gold
is soft.  Uranium isn't.
Did Jack Lemmon write this laughable tract back during his "China
Syndrome" days?
I think you need to look up "velocity of detonation" as it pertains to gun
Uh huh.
U-235 radiation?  This person would flunk even the elementary school
course in nuclear engineering.  Clad unirradiated nuclear fuel can be
safely handled without protective clothing, and isn't particularly
Well, anyone with a few minor mechanical engineering clues, a calculator,
and the ability to calculate fission cross-sections.
Dying isn't required, unless you stand near the bomb when it goes off.

@_date: 2001-11-17 09:50:13
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
The common fissionable isotopes are alpha emitters with half-lives
measured in thousands of years.  Their rate of decay is miniscule.  Alpha
radiation, which consists of helium nuclei, can be stopped by a sheet of
Plutonium-239, which has a half-life of about 24,000 years, is slightly
warm to the touch.  Fissionable isotopes with much longer half-lives do
not noticibly differ from room temperature.
Alpha emitters are life threatening only if ingested.
No ones hair is falling out.  Really.

@_date: 2001-11-17 10:14:46
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
Nov 18, 2001 01:35:37 AM
 Weapons grade plutonium contains less than 7% of the non-fissile isotope
plutonium-240.  This is created if you leave the plutonium-239 in the
reactor after it is formed, and it manages to absorb an additional
neutron.  Small amounts of higher numbered plutonium isotopes are also
created by the same process.
For this reason, spent fuel from power reactors is not a suitable source
of weapons grade plutonium, although it is theoretically possible to build
a bomb from reactor grade plutonium if you use enough of it.  Bear in mind
you will have big thermal problems from short-lived plutonium isotopes if
that you employ plutonium from spent fuel, as well as problems from
neutrons getting soaked up by non-productive species.

@_date: 2001-11-19 11:33:27
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
Sounds like plutonium-238, NASA's favorite fuel for deep space
Radioisotope Thermoelectric Generators (RTGs).  It puts out 0.54
kilowatts/kilogram and has a half life of 87.8 years.

@_date: 2001-11-19 18:18:31
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: The Crypto Winter 
Nov 19, 2001 08:20:11 PM
To the consumer, a computer is an appliance.  It is purchased to do some
specific set of things, with OS and applications pre-loaded.  Its software
and hardware are never upgraded, and when it isn't new and shiney any
more, it is traded in and a newer model is acquired.
To expect the consumer to do anything complicated to his computer is like
expecting the owner of a TV to upgrade it from Comb Filter to Comb Filter
Pro, and to add additional RAM and a line doubler.
Comsumers aren't going to use any security that isn't on the machine when
they get it.  Just like they aren't going to use an OS other than Windows,
because it isn't on the machine when they get it.
No, it sounds suspiciously resonant with "I understand that the appliance
market is different from the government, commercial, and educational
We call these people hobbyists.  The size of the hobbyist market will
never be more than a fraction of the size of the appliance market.

@_date: 2001-11-21 21:45:06
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Weizmann Institute Amazes World Again 
You know, when I saw the headline for this story, the words "Weizmann
Institute" immediately leaped into my head.
It's just that certain something about Weizmann Institute press releases
that reminds me of University of Utah press conferences back in the days
of Cold Fusion.
In any case, the folks at the Weizmann Institute are now claiming to have
developed the "trillion would fit in a test tube" DNA computer.
LONDON (Reuters) - Following Mother Nature's lead, Israeli scientists have
built a DNA computer so tiny that a trillion of them could fit in a test
tube and perform a billion operations per second with 99.8 percent
Instead of using figures and formulas to solve a problem, the microscopic
computer's input, output and software are made up of DNA molecules --
which store and process encoded information in living organisms.
Scientists see such DNA computers as future competitors to for their more
conventional cousins because miniaturisation is reaching its limits and
DNA has the potential to be much faster than conventional computers.
"We have built a nanoscale computer made of biomolecules that is so small
you cannot run them one at a time. When a trillion computers run together
they are capable of performing a billion operations," Professor Ehud
Shapiro of the Weizmann Institute in Israel told Reuters on Wednesday.
It is the first programmable autonomous computing machine in which the
input, output, software and hardware are all made of biomolecules.
Although too simple to have any immediate applications it could form the
basis of a DNA computer in the future that could potentially operate
within human cells and act as a monitoring device to detect potentially
disease-causing changes and synthesise drugs to fix them.
The model could also form the basis of computers that could be used to
screen DNA libraries in parallel without sequencing each molecule, which
could speed up the acquisition of knowledge about DNA.

@_date: 2001-11-21 23:31:26
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Weizmann Institute Amazes World Again 
As I recall, Adleman's DNA actually chugged away in a test tube computing
Hamiltonian Paths.
I look forward to news of Shapiro's DNA doing something similarly useful.
My favorite Weizmann Institute press release was the one about their
amazing discovery that electrons in a double slit experiment do not
produce an interference pattern when you observe which slit they go
through. (E. Buks et al., Nature, 26 Feb. 1998.)
Vulis lampooned this in a very funny spoof, in which the "Weizmann
Institute" announced the "amazing result" of a similar experiment with

@_date: 2001-11-25 13:09:51
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: HDCP break and DMCA 
at Nov 25, 2001 04:10:34 PM
Declan opines:
Had they given the software away for free, or published code for the
crack, they might have actually done some damage to copyright holders.  Instead, they charged enough money for it to raise the height of the bar
above casual and frivolous use.
Why this is viewed as an aggrevating circumstance by the DCMA, as opposed
to a mitigating one, is anyones guess.
Why don't people copy paperback books?  Because it is cheaper to buy them.
Not because the paperback book copyright police threaten you with life in

@_date: 2001-11-27 22:43:29
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Tempest for Eliza 
Choate Links:
An amusing link, which tells how to display stuff on your monitor, which
can be received as music on a shortwave radio at numerous channel
locations, using the radiated EM.
Reminds me of my salad days when we used to set a Transistor Radio on top
of an early model PDP and feed in a paper tape that played the William
Tell Overature.

@_date: 2001-11-29 15:52:45
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: R.I.P. Cypherpunks 
from "measl at Nov 29, 2001 03:47:32 PM
Years ago, John Gilmore pre-emptively tried to kill the Cypherunks list by
first attempting to censor it, and then giving everyone very short notice
that he would cease carrying the list at Toad.
When the list became even more popular, and distributed, John Gilmore kept
his node running, despite the fact it wasn't connected to any of the other
nodes, propagated huge amounts of spam, and wasn't officially part of the
new system.
Now that years have gone by since John Gilmore has made any meaningful
contribution to the Cypherpunks list, he sends out an "official"
announcement that Toad, which should have stopped carrying Cypherpunks a
long time ago, and isn't really even a legitimate node in the new scheme
of distribution, will now cease carrying Cypherpunks traffic.
This is spun by a clueless ReportWhore into a story that a "Founder" of
Cypherpunks has officially announced its demise.
Vulis had a nickname for Gilmore.  It began with a "C."

@_date: 2001-10-03 21:30:03
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Stupid Congress Tricks: anti-terror bills target cash 
So I can now be arrested for carrying a concealed assault wallet?
Does "monetary instruments" include travelers checks while you're on
Oh, when will the silliness end.

@_date: 2001-10-04 15:38:58
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: American Death Squads 
Barry McCaffrey, former Drug Czar, making an approved leak on how the US
plans to deal with sub-national groups, their friends, and their
It's not nice to taunt Happy-Fun-Superpower.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Retired Army Gen. Barry McCaffrey, who was drug czar
during President Clinton's second term, said in an online exchange last
month that those against the United States in its war on terrorism would
"be killed suddenly, in significant numbers and without warning."
"We are going to disrupt these people through preemptive attack ... we
will deceive them, we will run psyops on them, at selected points and
times they will be killed suddenly, in significant numbers, and without
"Tomahawk missiles, 2000 pound laser guided weapons dropped from B2's or
F22's at very high altitude, remote control, booby traps, blackmail and at
places, small groups of soldiers or SEALs will appear in total darkness,
blow down the doors and kill them at close range with automatic weapons
and hand grenades"
A U.S. military official who was shown McCaffrey's comments said they were
the "insights of a very smart guy."
Another official said they do not contain any national secrets, but they
do accurately reflect the strategy the United States has adopted.
In the words of this official: "It's the plan."

@_date: 2001-10-06 00:17:54
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Anthrax...coincidence? 
Tim forwards:
Prior to the current concern about biological warefare, tissue samples
were not routinely tested for anthrax, so doubtless there were cases of
fatal respiratory illness due to anthrax that flew under the CDC radar.
Now all suspicious respiratory illnesses are being analyzed by the CDC, so
we could just be catching cases that might have been missed before the
period of heightened awareness.
While two cases in Florida are an odd coincidence, I will wait for a few
more before drawing any conclusions that people were deliberately
You can inhale anthrax spores from handling animal hides or fur,
particularly imports.  Anthrax is present globally, so two cases in
Florida are hardly evidence of a deliberate biological attack.
Let's not all rush to our sealed rooms yet.

@_date: 2001-10-06 21:32:53
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: 11 YO Suspended for Alleged WTC Smiling 
Better not express a dissenting point of view when the government school
orders you to sit in your cubicle and write the state-mandated "Peace
A Jefferson County fifth-grader served a three-day suspension this week
for drawing the World Trade Center attack on notebook paper and grinning
while showing it off.
Paul Volz, 11, last week drew the skyscrapers side by side with smoke and
fire pouring from the left tower. He said he taped the drawing to the
outside of his study cubicle at the North Jefferson Intermediate School.
In a discipline notice sent to Paul's parents, school Principal Jeff Boyer
indicated the boy had made "disruptive physical conduct or speech" and
"communication of a threatening nature."

@_date: 2001-10-08 15:03:00
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Limbaugh: 'I'm Going Deaf' 
If only his mouth had stopped working, instead of his ears.

@_date: 2001-10-09 10:23:04
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Anthrax Case Number Three 
The New York Post is reporting that a female librarian at American Media
has pneumonia, and has tested positive for anthrax.
There's still no evidence, according to the FBI, that this anthrax
outbreak was the result of criminal activity.
Legionaire's Disease first appeared to be a terror weapon when significant
numbers of cases appeared at a convention center.  Later we learned that
it was simply a virulent form of pneumonia that liked to live in standing
water in building air conditioning systems.
Time will tell whether this anthrax outbreak is something similar.  Clearly the timing is suspicious.
One would think that a competent biological warfare attack against an
office building with 300 people in it would kill more than one person.

@_date: 2001-10-09 11:25:56
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Anthrax Case Number Three 
The New York Post is reporting that a female librarian at American Media
has pneumonia, and has tested positive for anthrax.
There's still no evidence, according to the FBI, that this anthrax
outbreak was the result of criminal activity.
Legionaire's Disease first appeared to be a terror weapon when significant
numbers of cases appeared at a convention center.  Later we learned that
it was simply a virulent form of pneumonia that liked to live in standing
water in building air conditioning systems.
Time will tell whether this anthrax outbreak is something similar.  Clearly the timing is suspicious.
One would think that a competent biological warfare attack against an
office building with 300 people in it would kill more than one person.

@_date: 2001-10-09 14:52:56
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Anthrax Case Number Three 
townsend" at Oct 09, 2001 12:50:52 PM
The Jennifer Lopez love letter with the "white soapy substance" has also
been exonerated.
This is beginning to look more and more like a natural occurrence.  Perhaps they were sorting goat hides in the mailroom. :/

@_date: 2001-10-11 15:38:15
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Giuliani Takes $10 Million From WTC Victims to Ass-Kiss Israel 
Rudy snatches a $10 million donation away from the windowed, orphaned,
maimed, and crippled WTC victims, because the donor dared to criticize the
Oh-So-Most-Holy-State of Israel, and Amerikan foreign policy.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani on Thursday rejected
a Saudi prince's $10 million donation for victims of the World Trade
Center after the prince criticized U.S. policy in the Middle East.
Prince Alwaleed bin Talal toured the site of the Sept. 11 destruction with
the mayor, offered to donate $10 million and said, ``The government of the
United States of America should re-examine its policies in the Middle East
and adopt a more balanced stance toward the Palestinian cause.''

@_date: 2001-10-11 15:50:49
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: FBI: More Attacks Soon 
at Oct 11, 2001 06:09:48 PM
We should all remember that Chicken Little's belief that the sky was
falling was a delusion having as its origin an acorn falling on Chicken
Little's head.
Do you think Mueller looks more like Cockey-Lockey or Ducky-Lucky?

@_date: 2001-10-11 21:45:55
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Is Bush Nuking Afghanistan Now? 
Oct 12, 2001 12:39:51 PM
Yes, I noticed this as well.  I wonder how many euphemisms we will now
hear for the word "nuclear" until the American public is informed after
the fact how wonderfully the weapons have worked.
Such games require quite a bit of collusion on the part of our supposedly
free and independent press.  One wonders what would happen to the press
credentials of a reporter who said - "Scuse me, Ari.  Are those the
nuclear bunker busters we're talking about?"
I don't know if it's related, but there were reports earlier today that
people were reporting seeing bright flashes of light and fireballs in the
direction of Afghanistan.

@_date: 2001-10-12 10:08:43
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Is Bush Nuking Afghanistan Now? 
12, 2001 12:56:46 PM
Yes, one would think that would be the case.
The B61-11 weighs 1200 lbs and can be delivered by the B-2 bomber and even
by an F-16.
Conventional bunker busters weight 5,000 lbs, and have to be delivered by
structurally modified B-52s.
What is worrysome here is that Bush is a big fan of the B61-11, which is
widely deployed throughout NATO, and the defense department recommended at
the beginning of this conflict that the B61-11 be used.
Anthrax Theatre has opened to rave reviews nationwide, and the Defense
Department considers nuclear retaliation appropriate for any WMD activity.
The US threatened to use nukes in Iraq, but backed down after Yeltsin
grumbled.  Putin is not grumbling over Bush's WarOnTerrorism(tm).
All of this makes the use of nukes in this conflict much more likely.
Here's an interesting article on Bush and the B61-11 which predates the
WTC downing.
It's a Bomb!
Bush's Baby Nuke
by Alistair Millar
On October 2, 1992, President George Bush signed into law a moratorium on
nuclear testing. Now his son is preparing to end that moratorium.
The current Bush Administration is studying options for the development
and production of a small, low-yield nuclear weapon called an
earth-penetrator or bunker-buster, which would burrow into the ground and
destroy a deeply buried hideaway of a "rogue" leader like Saddam Hussein.

@_date: 2001-10-12 10:18:45
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Anthrax #4 reported in NYC, NBC employee 
Jardin" at Oct 12, 2001 09:00:44 AM
We've never done mass anthrax testing before.  There is no control group.
We don't know the environmental incidence of the spores, which like
tetanus and botulism are ubiquitous.
Bush needs a justification to use his spiffy new B61-11s in the great and
noble Crusade against World Evil, Starring George W. Bush.
Draw your own conclusions as to the accuracy of the tiny number of
purported anthrax cases now sucking up 90% of the news coverage.

@_date: 2001-10-12 20:53:16
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Is Bush Nuking Afghanistan Now? 
> from "Reese" at Oct 12, 2001 05:15:20 PM
 says in part:
"The GBU-28 is a 5,000-pound laser-guided conventional munition..."
Later in the spec sheet, it cites the size of the bomb as 4,414 lbs.  Perhaps the 5,000 lbs was a rough estimate.  Perhaps the spec sheet is in
Current news stories are referring to it as the <5,000-pound GBU-28
"bunker buster" bomb>.
The B61-11 tactical nuke was a replacement for the B53, an 8,900 lb 9
megaton warhead, which could only be delivered by a B52.  I apparently
confused this with the B61-11 being an alternative to the GBU-28, which
can, as you point out, be delivered by a variety of aircraft.

@_date: 2001-10-13 11:35:50
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: bush wheels out the nukes 
May" at Oct 13, 2001 10:48:55 AM
Yes and no.  Rumsfeld won't rule out the use of tactical nukes.
Both conventional and nuclear "Bunker Busters" are available, and the
B61-11 is specifically designed for his purpose, and widely deployed
thoughout NATO.  We even have a bunch of them in Turkey just in case
Saddam gets uppity.
The defense department has suggested the possible use of tactical nuke
Bunker Busters both in the Gulf War and in this current conflict.  In the
last war, Yeltsin wasn't on board, and in this war, Putin is.
The junior Bush is very fond of small tactical nukes, and I firmly believe
that if Osama bin Laden was in a very deep cave, and the American public
was distracted by an engaging performance of Anthrax Theatre, that he
might use a single such weapon to vaporize Osama to a big round of
Is this likely?  No.  But neither is it impossible.  Bush thinks he is
on the side of God fighting Evil.  All bets are off.
So far, the Bunker Busters have been conventional.  Tommorow, who knows?

@_date: 2001-10-13 12:50:59
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: bush wheels out the nukes 
May" at Oct 13, 2001 11:58:19 AM
Someone probably typed "Bunker Buster" into a search engine, and got
a lot of hits on the B61-11.
In April, the media reported that the US was considering development of a
new small tactical nuke specifically tailored for use against "rogue
dictators" hiding in underground bunkers or heavily fortified command
centers, in violation of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and the
Comprehensive Test Ban treaty.
These would be used for, in the words of the director of Sandia,
"deterrence in the non-Russian world."
Since such research is currently illegal, Congress has tacked something
onto the 2001 Defense Authorization Bill mandating a study by DOE and DOD
into small-scale nuclear weapons use against dictators hiding in "hard and
deepy buried targets."
George W. Bush, John Warner, and Wayne Allard, are the culprits here.

@_date: 2001-10-17 11:21:55
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: [NEWS] FBI To Require ISPs To Reconfigure E-mail Systems 
May" at Oct 17, 2001 10:55:02 AM
This is because the courts have created for themselves from whole cloth
the power to "interpret" the Constitution, as opposed to simply enforcing
its letter.  Once you allow the courts to do this, you have created a
third branch of government, more powerful than the other two.
Clearly, if the Constitution says one thing, and the Supreme Court says
something entirely different, one should follow the Constitution.
Most of the country, in the current political climate, would follow the
Supreme Court.  This makes the Constitution very weak.  In fact, I would
imagine that dispensing with the pretense of the Constitution altogether
today would engender no more protest from the Sheeple than going off the
gold standard did.  There might be a few irate editorials, but no one
would take up arms, particularly with the government doing its best to
suggest that people who call themselves "Patriots" and know the
Constitution too well are extremist whackos.
It isn't.  But in the classic words of Bill Gates to Steve Jobs about the
Mac being technically superior to Windows, "You don't get it.  It doesn't
The First Amendment already lies on the ashheap of history, thanks to the
Dworks and the doctrine that the Constitution is unimportant if "it saves
just one (metaphorical) child."
First Amendment rot began with Miller, and continued with Ferber, and
Knox, and Amateur Action.  There is now very little left of the First
Amendment that is not tiny fungus-coated balls en route through the
digestive tract of worms.
Mitch needs to go back to the Maharishi for a tuneup.
Stay tuned for the next exciting episode of "Spore Wars."

@_date: 2001-10-18 11:27:48
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Who represents the detained? Nobody.. 
at Oct 18, 2001 11:09:00 AM
An Anonymous Coward Spews:
The test of a cop acting professionally is not whether he treats
well-scrubbed polite little suckups like yourself decently.

@_date: 2001-10-19 14:45:58
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Criticize Israel - Get Fired 
Gore Vidal once observed that thanks to the pressure applied by the Israel
Lobby in the US, there is less freedom to criticize Israel in the US than
there is to criticize Israel in Israel.
There is no greater crime in the US right now than to hint that Israel's
52 years of state terror against the Palestinians, made possible by the
United States, might have had something to do with the WTC downing and the
Pentagon denting.
Any such suggestion is instantly denounced as "Blaming the Jews for the
terrorist attacks," even if no language resembling this new favorite catch
phrase of the Zionists was uttered.
Tel Aviv needs a thermonuclear enema.
A case in point.
ONEIDA, N.Y. (AP) -- The Oneida Daily Dispatch, after getting complaints
of anti-Semitism, retracted an editorial that quoted a Pakistani as saying
Jews were to blame for the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
The retraction was published Thursday on the editorial page, below a
masthead that no longer contained the name of Managing Editor Jean Ryan.
The Post-Standard of Syracuse reported that Ryan and City Editor Dale
Seth, who wrote the Sept. 19 editorial, were fired Wednesday. Dispatch
Publisher Ann Campanie would not confirm the report Friday, saying it is
the paper's policy not to publicly discuss personnel matters.
"I am not working at the Oneida Daily Dispatch as of yesterday because of
repercussions from allowing the Sept. 19 editorial to be published. I am
not anti-Semitic, and anyone who knows me knows that," Ryan wrote in a
statement issued Thursday. A message left Friday for the only Jean Ryan
listed in the phone book was not immediately returned. Seth declined
The paper's three-paragraph apology said, in part, "We understand that
readers of the editorial found it offensive, poorly reasoned and based on
flawed facts. We agree with those observations."
The newspaper said it would allow a full rebuttal to be published on the
editorial page in coming days.
The Sept. 19 editorial quoted an unidentified Pakistani as blaming Jews
for the attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon.
"The fact is that in many areas of the Middle East it is believed that
history has taught them to carry out such acts," the editorial said.
"Until 1948, there was no Israel. The United Nations took Palestinian land
and gave it to a number of Jewish terrorists to rule -- Jewish terrorists
who had bombed and killed Palestinians and others in an effort to force
hands of power to see an Israel formed. Today's freedom fighter, in many
cases, was yesterday's terrorist."
Campanie said the apology spoke for itself, and declined further comment.
Community members met with Campanie and a representative of the paper's
parent company, Journal Register Co., on Wednesday afternoon.

@_date: 2001-10-19 17:11:46
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Criticize Israel - Get Fired 
Nescio" at Oct 20, 2001 01:50:17 AM
This isn't about fondness for Arabs, nor about discriminating against
people because of their choice of religion.
It's about behavior.  Israel's destruction has been earned many times over
by Israel's behavior.
There are no civilians in Israel.  Not even the babies.

@_date: 2001-10-22 12:14:29
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Additional Anthrax Deaths Suspected 
May" at Oct 22, 2001 10:34:37 AM
Yes, this is very worrisome.  I've been waiting for the day when we have
less anthrax cases than the day before, and apparently we've not seen the
peak yet.
The guy in Florida is supposedly doing well, despite surgery to insert
various breathing tubes a while back.
Congress has now decided not to repopen for business on Tuesday.
These anthraxed buildings may be a writeoff.  I doubt people will
volunteer to go back into them, even after happy-fun-decontamination.
American Media is selling and relocating.
I wonder how many suspicious pulmonary deaths have flown under the radar
to date, because they weren't correctly diagnosed.
More bad news will probably follow in the weeks to come.

@_date: 2001-10-22 14:52:52
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Additional Anthrax Deaths Suspected 
Self" at Oct 22, 2001 02:36:58 PM
The vaccine has not been proven safe and effective, nor released for use
in the general population.  The military has to take it because they are
ordered to.
I believe it was mentioned that the anthrax currently being mailed is the
"Ames" strain, first discovered in Ames, Iowa, and of interest to
researchers because the vaccine is spectacularly ineffective against it.
It does, however, respond to antibiotics, providing you are diagnosed
before it is too late.
Diseases caused by bacilli are generally nasty.  Leprosy and TB being the
two other well-known examples.

@_date: 2001-10-22 16:16:38
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Conman, quantum entaglement and no cat 
"Anonymous" at Oct 22, 2001 11:00:53 PM
Anonymous forwarded:
How gullible can people be?  The only magical art Copperfield has mastered
is the building of overengineered stage props.
Randi would blow this away in 10 seconds.  Better they had buried
Copperfield's box in a Faraday Cage under 10 feet of wet cement, and had
the armed guards watch that.

@_date: 2001-10-28 11:28:17
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Gloat on the Phone - Go to Jail 
Here's an intersting Reuters blurb on arrests made because people failed
to grieve properly on their phone lines.
It doesn't say how many of these intercepts were with warrants, how many
were secret court/national security intercepts, how many were illegal, and
how many were routed offshore to be sniffed by our allies.
Interesting times.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -- Among almost 1,000 people being held in the United
States in connection with the hijacked-airliner attacks on the World Trade
Center and the Pentagon are people who made congratulatory telephone calls
minutes later, The New York Times reported in Sunday editions.
Although transcripts of the phone calls have not been made available, the
Times reports that officials have said some of the calls were
"congratulatory, even gloating."
These suspected associates of Saudi-born militant Osama bin Laden's al
Qaeda organization are among 977 people held on various charges related to
the September 11 attacks, which killed almost 5,000 people in New York,
Washington and Pennsylvania.
The paper said it had been unable to determine whether those who made the
jubilant calls were participants in the hijack plot or merely rejoicing
over the attacks.
FBI agents intercepted telephone calls, moved in and made arrests, holding
the bulk of those arrested on immigration or criminal violations and a
smaller group on material witness warrants, the newspaper reported.
Their identities and those of most of the people being held have not been
released by the Justice Department.
The newspaper said officials would not say how many people were detained
through the telephone intercepts, nor would they discuss evidence that any
of them proved to be members of the group organized by bin Laden,
Washington's prime suspect in the attacks.

@_date: 2001-09-04 16:01:56
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Naughty Journal Author Denied Plea Change 
Not unsurprisingly, the judge has refused to permit a man sentenced to 10
years in prison for textual depictions of child sex in a private journal
to withdraw his guilty plea and get a trial.
As F. Lee Bailey once said, the major flaw in the American justice system
is that appeals focus only on procedural errors, and ones guilt or
innocence is never again an issue after the original trial, even if that
trial reached the wrong result.
Having concluded that all the i's were dotted and the t's crossed in the
screwing of Mr. Dalton by the state of Ohio, justice proceeds merrily
COLUMBUS, Ohio -- A man sentenced to prison for writing fantasies in his
personal journal about torturing and molesting children cannot change his
guilty plea, a judge ruled Tuesday.
Franklin County Judge Nodine Miller said Brian Dalton did not demonstrate
a "manifest injustice" had taken place.
Dalton, 22, had asked to withdraw his guilty plea, saying it was not made
knowingly or intelligently, and that he was expecting to be sentenced to
treatment, not 10 years in prison.
The case alarmed experts in First Amendment and obscenity law, who believe
Dalton is the first person in the country successfully prosecuted for
simply writing what was judged to be child pornography. "Definitely this
is a matter of grave constitutional concerns," said attorney Benson
Wolman, a former executive director of the American Civil Liberties
Union's Ohio chapter. He said he will ask the court to set aside Dalton's
conviction, or file a delayed appeal.

@_date: 2001-09-04 16:05:28
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Moral Crypto isn't wuss-ninnie. 
Guess not all Lying Feminist Cunts troll Sex Abuse exclusively.

@_date: 2001-09-05 04:31:20
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Naughty Journal Author Denied Plea Change 
The legal basis for criminalizing non-obscene erotic depictions of minors
is Ferber, which clearly states that such criminalization is
Constitutional only when it is necessary to prevent actual persons under
the age of 18 from experiencing the harmful workplace environment
associated with porn production.
Laws which criminalize synthetic visual depictions of the sexuality of
minors, as well as written material, which do not depict actual living
persons, are clearly unconstitutional under the standard created by
It is the hope of the Child Sex Hysterics, whose goal is not to protect
minors, but to purge from the continuum all counterexamples to their
religiously inspired doctrine on the asexuality of persons under 18, that
the Sheeple have now been sufficiently programed to react with horror to
all depictions of youthful sexuality.  This will place the Supreme Court
in the position where fabricating from whole cloth a legal justification
for criminalizing all such material will be the only alternative to mass
rioting in the streets the next time such a case appears before them.
I'd rather just shoot the rioters, and raise the average intelligence in
the sheep bin by epsilon.
If you can criminalize dirty stories, which depict non-obscene sexuality
on the part of fictional characters, then you can criminalize just about
anything else, including chemistry and cryptography textbooks, and Tom
Clancy novels.

@_date: 2001-09-08 09:45:14
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Naughty Journal Author Denied Plea Change 
Right.  The big mistake was to criminalize "obscenity" in and of itself,
to define what obscenity was by something as subjective as local community
standards, and to make such criminalization independent of its willful
dissemination to people who are offended by it.
This creates the absurd situation that private ownership of material,
deemed "prurient" by a majority of ones neighbors, makes one a criminal
even if it is never shown to anyone.
All the rest of the censorship nonsense, including that related to the
sexual depictions of minors, follows sequentially from this fundamental

@_date: 2001-09-09 09:15:50
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: What Do Naked Children and Breast Cancer Have in Common? 
No sooner has Peacefire put the final nails in the coffin of BAIR, an
alleged AI application that purports to recognize porn,
than we get this entry from the land of Ireland, which claims to do
something similar.
As readers of this mailing list are aware, most pornography recognition
software can't tell the difference between group sex and an autographed
picture of Babe the Pig.
Nonetheless, this story makes some amazing claims, amongst them...
o  That the software was originally developed for breast cancer detection. o  That the software can recognize child porn through encryption codes
   and detect child porn hidden in otherwise inaccessible files. It would be amusing if this program could be tested by an objective
researcher, and the results reported.
I smell snake oil.
Dublin team cracks child porn code
Lynne Kelleher A COMPUTER program invented to detect breast cancer will now be used by
gardai to prosecute paedophiles using child pornography websites.
Two Dublin biologists developed the tracking device, which can detect
pornographic images hidden behind computer code or in otherwise
inaccessible files. The technology was first created to identify breast
cancer in tissue images.
The inventors, Dr Dara FitzGerald and Dr Donal O'Shea, were first asked by
gardai for help in tracing pornographic images on computers. British
police and America's Federal Bureau of Investigation have examined the
system and are planning to use it in their child sex abuse units.
PixAlert Enforcer, launched last June, finds online pornography by
searching for human skin in computer images. After police impound a
suspect's computer, they run the program and it searches all the files in
a few hours, a task that once took several days.
While this program will cost police forces IR7,500, two cheaper versions
are also available for the commercial market. PixAlert Auditor, costing
125 per computer, is being targeted at the corporate sector, government
departments, schools and libraries. PixAlert Monitor, priced at 60, is
for discreet monitoring of home PCs by parents.
"We worked on breast cancer, BSE and tuberculosis," said FitzGerald. "It
was a very big and very expensive undertaking. People also come to us all
the time looking for solutions to their problems and the gardai were
looking for a computer program to access these images.
"We used the high-tech knowledge used in the diagnosis of breast cancer
for this program. Gardai told us there were so many images and files to
search for child pornography, and it was a very onerous job."
Employers are also becoming more concerned about workers downloading
pornographic images on their computers, FitzGerald said. "We think the
application will work in the workplace. Pornography on computers in
becoming a big problem for employers," he said.
A garda spokesman confirmed that the force is using the device with a view
to purchasing it. "We are very happy with the product," he said. Gardai
have been testing the system for nine months and have been working closely
with the two scientists, making improvements to the program.
British police have been testing PixAlert Enforcer for the past month. The
inventors have consulted 29 police departments across Britain. Tony
Gibbons, a director of BioObservation Systems, met the FBI last April.
Muireann O Briain, director of End Child Prostitution in Asian Tourism,
said she hoped police worldwide would be able to use this system to find
images otherwise impossible to trace on a computer.
"Paedophiles can put all sorts of encryption codes on their computer or
use other means to try and hide the images," said O Briain, a Dubliner who
is based in Thailand. "This is a great development. We still don't know
the full extent of the abuse of children whose pictures are on the net.
"An English police operation against paedophiles known as the Wonderland
Club came across these problems. To become a member of this club you had
to have at least 10,000 images. Every one of them showed a child in a
pornographic pose. More than 750,000 pornographic images were seized in
that first raid on more than 100 homes worldwide in September 1998. One of
the seven men who committed suicide had such sophisticated encryption
codes on his computer that police would never have been able to access the

@_date: 2001-09-13 14:36:14
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: "Ending States That Support Terrorism" 
Anyone have the list of countries that Bush is planning on scheduling for
I would imagine Afganistan and Iraq are the first two.  Will he toss in
Syria, Sudan, and Libya as well?
It looks like the game that is being played here, is that all countries
are being given an opportunity to pledge unconditional support and
cooperation for Bush's "War" against those rendering aid to terrorism, now
declared to be the primary focus of his administration, and whoever
declines will constitute the enemy.
Pakistan has even climbed aboard, in the hopes that we won't drop any
bombs on them on our way to Afganistan.  Of course, they must prove their
loyalty by cutting off Afganistan's oil and gas, and permitting us to base
our troops there.
Isn't playing these sorts of games with Saudi Arabia, the location of
Islam's most sacred sites, the reason Osama bin Laden is mad at the US to
begin with?
Is this how Hitler started?
While all of this is transpiring, a smirking Ariel Sharon, the war
criminal elected by acclaimation, will be taking more of the Palestinians'
So when's the Congress going to outlaw encryption?  I assume we'll all be
expected to make such small sacrifices for the larger good. We're all supposed to fly American flags for the next 30 days to show our
support for all of this.  I wonder if they'll be taking names.

@_date: 2001-09-15 15:53:13
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Noam on WTC Collapse 
On the Bombings
                                Noam Chomsky
     The terrorist attacks were major atrocities. In scale they may not
     reach the level of many others, for example, Clinton's bombing of
     the Sudan with no credible pretext, destroying half its
     pharmaceutical supplies and killing unknown numbers of people (no
     one knows, because the US blocked an inquiry at the UN and no one
     cares to pursue it). Not to speak of much worse cases, which easily
     come to mind. But that this was a horrendous crime is not in doubt.
     The primary victims, as usual, were working people: janitors,
     secretaries, firemen, etc. It is likely to prove to be a crushing
     blow to Palestinians and other poor and oppressed people. It is
     also likely to lead to harsh security controls, with many possible
     ramifications for undermining civil liberties and internal freedom.
     The events reveal, dramatically, the foolishness of the project of
     "missile defense." As has been obvious all along, and pointed out
     repeatedly by strategic analysts, if anyone wants to cause immense
     damage in the US, including weapons of mass destruction, they are
     highly unlikely to launch a missile attack, thus guaranteeing their
     immediate destruction. There are innumerable easier ways that are
     basically unstoppable. But today's events will, very likely, be
     exploited to increase the pressure to develop these systems and put
     them into place. "Defense" is a thin cover for plans for
     militarization of space, and with good PR, even the flimsiest
     arguments will carry some weight among a frightened public.
     In short, the crime is a gift to the hard jingoist right, those who
     hope to use force to control their domains. That is even putting
     aside the likely US actions, and what they will trigger -- possibly
     more attacks like this one, or worse. The prospects ahead are even
     more ominous than they appeared to be before the latest atrocities.
     As to how to react, we have a choice. We can express justified
     horror; we can seek to understand what may have led to the crimes,
     which means making an effort to enter the minds of the likely
     perpetrators. If we choose the latter course, we can do no better,
     I think, than to listen to the words of Robert Fisk, whose direct
     knowledge and insight into affairs of the region is unmatched after
     many years of distinguished reporting. Describing "The wickedness
     and awesome cruelty of a crushed and humiliated people," he writes
     that "this is not the war of democracy versus terror that the world
     will be asked to believe in the coming days. It is also about
     American missiles smashing into Palestinian homes and US
     helicopters firing missiles into a Lebanese ambulance in 1996 and
     American shells crashing into a village called Qana and about a
     Lebanese militia  paid and uniformed by America's Israeli ally
     hacking and raping and murdering their way through refugee camps."
     And much more. Again, we have a choice: we may try to understand,
     or refuse to do so, contributing to the likelihood that much worse
     lies ahead.
     Noam Chomsky

@_date: 2001-09-15 18:50:42
@_author: emc at artifact.psychedelic.net 
@_subject: Sobran Column -- The Unknown Enemy 
The Unknown Enemy (Sample column)
September 11, 2001 by Joe Sobran
     It was predictable. For years I've been writing that the U.S. Government has been making more enemies than Americans really need, all over the globe, and that one of these days some of them would have a nasty surprise for us.      In fact it nearly happened a few years ago, when Islamic radicals tried to blow up the World Trade Center. But of course they made a botch of it and got caught.      This time, though, someone pulled off what must have been an extremely cunning conspiracy, a criminal feat for the ages. They managed to execute a secret plan calling for four simultaneous hijackings of airplanes. Those who committed these coordinated deeds -- in spite of all security measures -- also had the determination to die in hitting their targets.      This wasn't "terrorism." This was war. It wasn't a random attempt to scare people with an arbitrary atrocity, like the bombing of a pizza joint; it was a serious attempt to kill as many people and do as much material damage as possible at two strategic targets, the World Trade Center and the Pentagon.      But, as I write, hours after the attacks, we don't know who is at war with us. We may never know. Who has reason to hate this country? Only a few hundred million people -- Arabs, Muslims, Serbs, and numerous others whose countries have been hit by U.S. bombers.      Imagine hating a country so much that you were willing to cross an ocean and carry out an elaborate revenge against its people, killing yourself in the process. This is something far more than the sort of ideological anti-Americanism that leads student mobs to throw stones at U.S. embassies abroad; that's kid stuff. This is an obsessive, fanatical, soul-consuming hatred.      Foreigners aren't quite real to Americans, and most Americans are unaware of how profoundly their government antagonizes much of the human race. We are easy-going people who generally have no idea how bullying we seem to foreigners. Until now, we have had no experience of what the U.S. Government has so often inflicted on others. Now, at least, we have an inkling of what it feels like.      Government spokesmen have responded with their usual cant of "cowardly attacks" by "terrorists" who "hate democracy and freedom." Rubbish. A fanatic who is ready to die is the opposite of a coward, and nobody can "hate" such abstractions as "democracy and freedom" with that kind of intensity.      It's dangerous to belittle your enemy, especially when his courage and cunning have already proved as formidable as his hatred and cruelty. The first question you should ask about your enemy is why he is your enemy in the first place.      You may be deluding and flattering yourself if you assume he hates you for your virtues. But our "leaders" assure us that our enemies are unnaturally evil people who hate us only because we are so wonderful. And they manage to utter this nonsense with an air of tough-minded realism.      True realism, on the other hand, doesn't mean blaming Americans for bringing these horrifying and truly evil acts on themselves. It does mean trying to imagine alien perspectives from which our government's conduct might appear so intolerable that some people might be driven to take atrocious revenge.      "To understand all is to forgive all," says the French aphorism. Not true. But understanding all can at least teach you how to avoid making enemies, and avoiding making enemies is the best defense -- better than a $300 billion "defense" budget that didn't defend the World Trade Center.      The great director Jean Renoir was once asked why there were no villains in his films. He answered simply: "Everyone has his reasons." Your bitterest enemy may have his reasons for hating your guts. You may not think they are good or sufficient reasons, but you'd better take them into account. If he has any brains, he may find a way to hurt you.      The United States is now a global empire that wants to think of itself as a universal benefactor, and is nonplussed when foreigners don't see it that way. None of the earlier empires of this world, as far as I know, shared this delusion; the Romans, the Mongols, the British, the Russians and Soviets didn't expect to rule and to be loved at the same time. Why do we?
Read this column on-line at Copyright (c) 2001 by the Griffin Internet Syndicate,  All rights reserved.]
Those wishing to publish or post this column must subscribe as a publication and obtain a publications rate. Contact fran at griffnews.com for rates and details.
Copyright (c) 2001 by the Griffin Internet Syndicate,  All rights reserved.

@_date: 2001-09-15 19:28:34
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: SYMBOL 
Are you aware that India is going to open a 224 story 2222 foot tower
for business in 2008?
It's the Center of India Tower, in Katangi, India.  I believe it has a
webpage somewhere.

@_date: 2001-09-15 21:35:27
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: 3 questions... 
The Zionist entity, which can now launch any military operation they wish
against the Palestinians, without being criticized.
Sharon has committed mass murder before, right?

@_date: 2001-09-16 18:59:44
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: SYMBOL 
Recall that gas mask possession, sale, and transportation was criminalized
in the city of Seattle during the "state of emergency" declared for the
WTO festivities.
This was during the time you couldn't open the window without pepper spray
wafting in.
Homework Exercise:  Could someone list all the "executive orders" signed
by various Presidents that are now in effect because Bush declared a
"National Emergency", along with what unconstitutional power they confer
and to whom?

@_date: 2001-09-18 00:24:15
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: SI - The End of Nations, Part 1 
This "War" is being sold to the American public with all the hype of a
Professional Wrestling storyline.  Believe nothing uttered by the Four
Network AnchorWhores.
I just switched to CBS, and there was Dan Rather crying on "Late Night"
with Letterman holding his hand, as he explained to the public that we
could expect a 5-10 year campaign to rid the world of evil, and we had to
make sure this generation wasn't too "spoiled" to stay on board for the
whole performance.
He also tossed in a few comments about how we should have gotten rid of
Saddam Hussein when we had the chance, and meddled in various other things
that were none of our business.
Funny, I don't notice Dan Rather crying about the Iraqi kids who can't get
their cancer medicine because of sanctions, or the fact that the Zionist
Entity is presently shelling Palestinian Kindergartens and shooting
unarmed mentally handicapped people.
Washington DC, New York, and Tel Aviv all need thermonuclear disinfecting.

@_date: 2001-09-19 13:08:47
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Mandatory ID Cards 
MSNBC is reporting that Congress is thinking of requiring all citizens and
non-citizens in the United States to carry ID cards.
It looks like the anti-privacy folks are going to do an end-run around the
encryption issue, and first attack anonymity.  An interesting strategy,
and one which we should not let go unchallenged.

@_date: 2001-09-19 19:31:37
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Ashcroft's Plans to Shred the Constitution 
While Bill Maher loses his advertisers for suggesting that lobbing cruise
missiles from 2,000 miles away is more cowardly than personally flying an
aircraft into a building, we now have a first look at the "features"
present in the anti-Terrorism bill, to be submitted to Congress on Friday.
According to AP, the bill permits prosecutors to use evidence collected by
foreign governments, even if that evidence was collected in ways
unconstitutional in the United States.
It will also permit law enforcement to seize billing records of ISPs
without a court order, so that they may be grepped through to identify
anyone who uses the service with an assumed name.
The definition of "terrorist" will be augmented to include any person who
supports in any way any organization they know or should know is a
terrorist organization.
Criminalize the possession of chemicals that could be used in chemical or
biological weapons in quantities the Feebs consider suspicious.
Criminalize giving "expert advise" to "terrorists."
Permit the seizing of the property of any person, organization, or
country, that attacks the United States.
Permit access to education records by law enforcement, without the
permission of the student or their parents.
Permit terrorist DNA fingerprinting, and remove the $2 million cap on
rewards for fighting terrorism.
The gauntlet has been thrown down.  How long before the estates of
"terrorists" Bill Maher and Tim May are seized at gunpoint for the Greater
Good of the Reich?

@_date: 2001-09-19 23:48:13
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Ashcroft's Plans to Shred the Constitution 
I have no idea where this is in the bill.  I go it from the following
article which materialized on AP earlier today...
Increased Police Powers Are Broad
By JESSE J. HOLLAND
Associated Press Writer
September 19, 2001, 8:44 PM EDT
The administration also wants to let the FBI and other police agencies
seize billing information like credit card numbers from Internet companies
without a court order, according to a Justice Department analysis of the
anti-terrorism legislative package it plans to submit Friday.
"In many cases, users register with Internet service providers using false
names, making the form of payment critical to determining the user's true
identity," said the analysis, which was provided in
advance Wednesday to senators.
Eric Michael Cordian 0+
O:.T:.O:. Mathematical Munitions Division
"Do What Thou Wilt Shall Be The Whole Of The Law"

@_date: 2001-09-21 12:45:46
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: PGP author under fire for terrorist use of crypto 
Tim Lampoons:
Is Sears crying because maybe Bin Laden owns one of their hammers?
Eric Michael Cordian 0+
O:.T:.O:. Mathematical Munitions Division
"Do What Thou Wilt Shall Be The Whole Of The Law"

@_date: 2001-09-24 16:33:35
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Internment Camps for Political Dissidents 
I wonder how many people on this list would qualify as "sympathetic to
terrorist causes," a very vague phrase which could mean almost anything.
By MARC HUMBERT
Associated Press Writer
September 24, 2001
ALBANY, N.Y. -- One third of New Yorkers favor establishing internment
camps for "individuals who authorities identify as being sympathetic
to terrorist causes," according to a poll from the Siena College
Research Institute.

@_date: 2001-09-27 10:42:24
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Are Plea Agreements Always Accurate 
[Yes, this is a duplicate.  I screwed up my From: line on the prior one]
According to an article by Declan in this morning's Wired News, Brian K.
West has decided to take a plea agreement in the government's case against
him for accessing an inadvertantly left wide open web site at a newspaper.
The plea agreement alleges, amongst other things, that Mr. West intended
to modify the newspaper's Perl scripts and market them commercially, as
well as using a password file to access "private areas."
As I remember the original story, Mr. West snarfed a local copy of the
site to edit with Microsoft's FrontPage, to see what some modifications to
it might look like, and in doing so, discovered that the copy of the site
on the newspaper's server could be accessed and modified by anyone without
need of a password, with complete access to all its scripts and other
In the collection of files presented to the public was something that
looked like a password file, and Mr. West tried one entry from it to see
if access was granted, much like trying a key one finds on the ground in a
nearby lock to see if it fits.
Mr. West then informed the newspaper, which instead of simply fixing the
misconfiguration, called the authorities, who then visited Mr. West under
false pretenses, and attempted to get him to incriminate himself, and
subsequently raided the premises and seized his computer.
The newspaper, which had noticed the log entry from the password being
tested, decided the whole thing was an attempt to steal their extremely
precious Perl scripts, and market them to the public.
The prosecutors, as prosecutors tend to do, managed to lie by
juxtiposition by stating the fact of access using a password, a count of
files transferred to Mr. West's machine, and the newspaper's allegations
of software theft, in a way which suggested that Mr. West had "hacked" his
way into the site using a stolen password, and used that access to steal
hundreds of files, with the intent of making a profit from marketing the
newspaper's stolen intellectual property.
In fact, testing one of the passwords was incidental to the file transfer,
the files were obtained because the site was wide open, not because a
password was used, and the allegations that Mr. West intended to become
the next Larry Ellison by stealing some Perl scripts a product of the
newspaper's paranoid imagination.
Now I find it unremarkable that Mr. West has chosen to take a plea
agreement in this case, on a misdemeanor charge, instead of standing trial
in the aftermath of the World Trade Center flattening as an Evil Terrorist
Hacker, where the government's proof of nothing more than "unauthorized
access" could send him to prison for many years.
I also find it unremarkable that the plea agreement offered Mr. West to
sign contains a complete laundry list of both the newspaper's and the
prosecutor's twisting of the facts, and numerous confessions of "intent."
What I find remarkable, is that Declan has written an article claiming
that the plea agreement constitutes a "confession" by Mr. West, and that
it demonstrates how easily "well-meaning" Netizens can be lead astray by a
person who's really a dangerous criminal.
Declan also has glowing words for the prosecutor, who he characterizes as
unfairly maligned, and for the plea agreement, whose every word he
characterizes as "fact."
One wonders if Declan also considers everything in the Jim Bell and Carl
Johnson plea agreements to constitute "fact" as well."
The slant of Declan's article is also not helped by the fact that all the
links provided by Wired as "also see" are about an exploit in Microsoft's
Web server software having nothing to do with this case.
Wired News and MSNBC continue to run neck in neck in the Birdcage Liner

@_date: 2001-09-27 13:04:05
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Are Plea Agreements Always Accurate 
I did.  The plea agreement is essentially verbatim what the prosecution was saying
in its press releases when Mr. West was disputing the prosecution's
I fail to see why Mr. West being coerced into signing this government
editorial renders moot his extremely cogent prior arguments as to why it
was bullshit.
As an example...
[WEST penetrated a security hole in the website of the Poteau Daily News
 and Sun, employed a user ID and password, and downloaded computer files
 of value."]
The word "and" does not imply that any of these things was enabled by any
of the others.  Particularly it does not imply that Mr. West used the user
ID and password to gain access to and to download files not otherwise
It merely states that he downloaded some files, AND noticed a security
hole, AND tried a userid and password he had found.
Indeed, merely browsing the site would have "downloaded" files according
to the letter of the law.
Such deceptive weasel-wording and juxtiposition of facts having no cause
and effect relationship is typical of plea agreements.
I wish it wasn't also typical of most news reporting.

@_date: 2001-09-28 17:21:06
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Alert! Congress to target "TOXIC MOLD!" 
Caulk all cracks and crevasses.  Wash surfaces with 1 part bleach to 6
parts water.  Generously apply premium stain-blocking sealer, and topcoat.
Less expensive than your typical Congressional investigation.

@_date: 2001-09-28 19:51:38
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Alert! Congress to target "TOXIC MOLD!" 
I don't know.  I've yet to meet a mold that didn't die when you poured hot
bleach solution on it, particularly if you add a good wetting agent like
Sealers and paints have potent fungicides and mildewcides in them, and for
tough cases, you can use 3-part epoxy systems designed for biological
laboratories that no microorganisms can live on.
You can skim coat floors and walls before finishing, and screen them down,
and all cracks around millwork can be sealed with flexible latex caulk,
which also contains mildewcides and fungicides.
Yes, you may not get mold in wall interiors and structural members, but I
think that you can keep it out of the rooms people inhabit.  Particularly
if you treat the ventilation system at the same time.
There was some government building that was in the news a few years back,
because they had delayed finishing the daycare center, and there was some
noxious black mold on the unpainted sheetrock.
The contractor wanted to wipe the walls down with bleach and paint them,
and various tree-huggers were demanding the whole thing be torn down,
reframed, and redrywalled.
In any case, I think claims of "Attack of the Killer Mold" are vastly
Most people with mold-related health problems live in damp slums with
clumps of it growing on their walls.

@_date: 2002-08-07 11:16:20
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Deterministic Primality Testing in P 
In case anyone missed it, Manindra Agrawal and his colleagues at the
Indian Institute of Technology have published a paper
Which purports to give an O(log(n)^12) deterministic algorithm for
primality testing.
Someone on sci.math reports..
"Hendrik Lenstra just wrote to the Number Theory mailing list saying that
the proof is correct, clever and elegant; and it is elementary except for
one result from analytic number theory needed to establish the running
In other math news, there's a recent survey on the P vs NP Conjecture at
Of 100 theorists responding, 9 thought NP=P, 61 thought NP!=P, 22 had no
opinion, and 8 quibbled over what axiom system would be used.
The piece includes comments by many of the respondents, including Donald
E. Knuth.

@_date: 2002-08-19 17:53:51
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Startups, Bubbles, and Unemployment 
May" at Aug 19, 2002 12:21:58 PM
Tim philosophizes:
Such people can be greatly helped by giving them an hour of your time, and
repeating the words "but what's the product?" every 90 seconds as they are
trying to talk.
There's nothing fundamentally wrong with this approach, as long as you are
being paid to think about something, with no expectation that a product
will be produced or sold.
"We're young.  We're Cypherpunks.  Let's find a research firm with a pool,
tennis courts, and free Coke, and get the government to pay us for a few
years to think about the cryptographic software needs of the
Rehabilitation Services Administration."
Where this model fails is when people want you to pay them to sit around
the pool and think up some product that is going to put Intel and
Microsoft out of business and make everyone rich.  Of course, only people
with no clue think in such terms, or expect someone else to fund their
lifestyle while they sit around "thinking off" all day.
Nice work if you can get it.
And coasted for quite a long time on Ian Goldberg's reputation capital
before the petard exploded and hoisted them.  Of course, the fact that the
actual users of the service were saying things like "it's slow", "it
sucks", "it blows", might have been a great hint that it was not destined
to become the next AOL/Time Warner.
Some of the most exciting, stimulating software engineering projects you
can imagine are things no one in their right mind would ever want to buy.
Yet, it's startling how often "fun to work on" rises to the top of why a
project should be done.
As the VP for R&D at Boeing once put it, "This isn't Boeing University."
Most of my friends who are rich and retired now did it not by inventing
any wonder product.  They did it by taking any job that was secure and
paid reasonably well, living on a shoestring, putting their money into
rental properties, fixing them up, renting them out, and reselling them.
A few lived on a shoestring, and put all their money into Fidelity
Magellan before it was a household word, or put their money into stocks,
or whatever, but you get the idea.
After you're loaded, then you can tinker in your garage without having to
ask anyone to fund your hobby.
I worry when people with niche skills bemoan high unemployment in their
niche.  It's a very bad time for Applied Cryptographers, Smalltalk-80
programmers, Algol-68 compiler bug fixers, Lisp Machine operators, or
whatever, they whine.
Again, take any job that pays well.  Live on a shoestring.  Do something
reasonably intelligent with your money.
If someone wanders by who has the next wonder product already developed,
and people are beating a path to their door to buy it, by all means pick
up some stock pre-IPO.
There's absolutely nothing wrong with being a wealthy McDonalds franchisee
whose hobby is Applied Cryptography, instead of a poor unemployed Applied
To Summarize:
1.  Hobbies are things we do for fun.  Jobs are things we do because
    they provide the world with a necessary good or service.  Don't
    make the mistake of thinking the world owes you a job that is also
    your hobby.  It's nice, but it rarely happens.  2.  Take any job that pays well.  Live on a shoestring.  Do something
    intelligent with the leftover money.
3.  Invest some money in already developed products that look like they
    may become the Next Big Thing.
4.  Don't expect anyone to pay you to sit around and figure out what the
    Next Big Thing is going to be.

@_date: 2002-08-30 01:14:03
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Dead Bovine RC5?? 
The Bovine RC5 project on distributed.net has so far checked 86.742% of
the keyspace in 1,772 days, without finding the key.
Assuming that all values of the key are equally likely, it is perhaps time
to start thinking about the entertaining prospect that the entire keyspace
will be exhausted without a key being found.
This could happen if there were a bug in the client, a bug in the server,
or if people were spoofing blocks to the server, reporting them as
failures without having actually searched them for the key.
Let's let "eps" in [0,1] be the probability that something is screwed up
in the project which prevents the key from being located.  Let C in [0,1]
be the percentage of the keyspace that has been searched so far, and let F
in [0,1] be the probability that the project is F---ed, which we define as
the project continuing to completion without finding a key.
Obviously 1-eps is the probability that the software will find a key
somewhere, and after searching a C fraction of the keyspace, C*(1-eps) is
the probability that we will have declared victory and gone home, and
(1-C)*(1-eps)+eps is the probability that we are still chugging along.
Ergo, the probability that we will complete without finding a key, over
the probability that we are still in business after searching the fraction
C, becomes after some minor algebraic tweeking...
              F = eps/(1-C*(1-eps))
Let's look at this function for various degrees of completion of the
search, and various probabilities that the software is broken.
For eps = .01, a 1 in 100 chance that the software doesn't work, the
chances that the project is F---ed rachets up in the following manner as
more and more keyspace is searched without a successful conclusion.
                   % Searched     F---ed?
                   ----------     -------
                       86.742      7.0794
                       90          9.1743
                       95         16.807
                       99         50.251
                       99.9       90.992
                       99.99      99.02
                       99.999     99.901
After 99% of the keyspace is searched without finding a key, there is
about a 50-50 chance no key will be found, and if 99.9% of the keyspace is
searched with no key, we may say with 90% confidence that the project will
not end successfully.
For eps = .001, a 1 in 1000 chance that some horrible bug or vindictive
hacker has made an appearance, the table looks like this.
                   % Searched     F---ed?
                   ----------     -------
                       86.742     0.74936
                       90         0.99108
                       95         1.9627
                       99         9.0992
                       99.9      50.025
                       99.99     90.917
                       99.999    99.011
Now, we have to search 99.9% of the keyspace before we have a 50-50 chance
no key will be found at all, and 99.99% before we know that fact with 90%
And providing the project checked their code with sufficient sloppiness
that there is a 1 in 10 chance all the CPU spent so far has been wasted,
we have the following table.
                   % Searched     F---ed?
                   ----------     -------
                       86.742      45.595
                       90          52.632
                       95          68.966
                       99          91.743
                       99.9        99.108
                       99.99       99.91
                       99.999      99.991
Here we see they are almost to the point aleady where they are as likely
as not to fail, but we will still need 99% of the keyspace to be searched,
to be able to state that with over 90% confidence.
For a piece of software a complex as the RC5 client, and associated
keyblock server, I think 99% confidence that the software does not have a
major undiscovered bug is a comfortable upper bound.  This means that
there is less than a 10% chance that the project is screwed now, but
things will start to get interesting once we get into the high 90's in
terms of percentage keyspace search, if the key has still not been
I'm sure we'll all be watching with breathless anticipation as the
remaining keyspace is exhausted over the next few months.

@_date: 2002-08-30 10:56:24
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Thwarting LE library fishing expeditions 
"Steve Schear" at Aug 30, 2002 09:25:01 AM
The question is whether a jury of properly trained Sheeple would convict
when the librarian was dragged into court, and accused of illegally
leaking information about an ongoing criminal investigation, putting
agents lives at risk, obstructing justice, having the same agenda as the
terrorists, etc.
The answer to this question is almost certainly "Yes," particularly in the
new nastier post-9/11 legal climate.
I certainly wouldn't want to be anywhere near the librarian who volunteers
to be the test case here.
A well-known Seattle Activist, the webmaster of  was
recently indicted by a federal grand jury on charges of having
"discussions" in 1998 related to the possible setting up of a training
camp in Oregon.  It is not alleged that he did anything, merely that he
"discussed," whatever that means, and several years before anyone
flattened any New York skyscrapers.
One can now get arrested and charged with a laundry list of "terrorist"
crimes for...
Having the same training as the terrorists
Having the same radio as the terrorists
Having links to terrorists
Having discussions years ago about things that are now considered linked
to terrorists
Soon to come, I expect...
Reading the same books as the terrorists
Being pissed at the same governments as the terrorists
Supporting the same social issues as the terrorists

@_date: 2002-08-30 19:17:34
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Cyberpunks: Seattle "Activist" Is Not an Innocent Webmaster 
at Aug 30, 2002 06:08:26 PM
Well good for you.  Do you post on Cypherpunks often?
I mentioned what charges he was being held on.  Before the charges, he was
simply being held at a federal gulag as a material witness, with nothing
being produced by the government that he could defend himself against.  The charges are an upgrade to his situation.
And you know this how?  Shouldn't the validity of such charges be
determined by a trial, or has Shrub changed the Constitution to permit
them to simply be stated as fact on the Internet by persons such as
You know, I really love this new form of character assassination, in which
a laundry list of people someone is allegedly "linked to" is recited, and
then their misdeeds are enumerated as if they were the deeds of the person
being smeared.
Perhaps someday we'll find who you're "linked to," Dr. Sanchez.
Officially, at least.  This is your second repetition of this Red Herring,
as I never stated that the charges involved the website.
I don't think your arguments are bolstered in the least by suggesting that
African-American males have a monopoly on criminal activity, are excused
their misdeeds because of their race, or are able to do nothing useful
without the support of affirmative action and other peoples tax dollars.
Or at the very least, visions of booting the Zionist Entity out of
According to the charges, all of the illegal discussions he is accused of
participating in years ago, relate to actions to be taken outside of the
United States in various conflicts involving the mistreatment of
indiginous Muslem populations.  I find it unlikely that an author of books
on entrepreneurship for poor inner-city kids, and an individual who has
worked hard to improve his community, secretly wishes to poison everyone
in it, regardless of his distaste for AmeriKKKan foreign policy.
This must be the Clinton-esque redefinition of "rights" as something
deserved not by all, but only by those who "work hard and play by the
I've always felt that if something is a "right," then it can't simply be
taken away if ones neighbors do not like ones politics.
Obedient little suckups rarely need their civil rights defended, and I am
more than happy to go on the record as defending the civil rights of Mr.  Ujaama, no matter how strongly you feel he shouldn't have any.
That's very non-Black non-affirmative-action non-taxpayer-funded of you.
Oh, and we're the "Cypherpunks."  The "Cyberpunks" are a different outfit. Thank-you for visiting.  Please come again.

@_date: 2002-08-31 15:18:08
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: "Terror Suspect" Appears in Court 
After the Jim Bell and Carl Johnson festivities, I would imagine most
readers of this list have an above average ability to recognize bovine
effluent in the rantings of federal prosecutors, whose Chicken Little
bellowings about conspiracies and threats to public safety often bear
little resemblence to actual events.
"Illegally discharging firearms during a conspiracy"  The mind boggles.
Conspiracy is to defendants rights what goose droppings are to traction on
grass.  Ujaama lashes out at prosecutors in public hearing
Man accused of aiding al-Qaida to be transferred to Seattle jail
Saturday, August 31, 2002
By M.E. SPRENGELMEYER
SCRIPPS HOWARD NEWS SERVICE
ALEXANDRIA, Va. -- Terror suspect James Ujaama unleashed an angry outburst
in federal court yesterday during his first public court appearance since
being charged with conspiracy and weapons counts.
After weeks of being held in secret as a "material witness," the former
Seattle man wasted no time showing his disdain for Justice Department
prosecutors who filed the case Wednesday in Seattle.
"These guys have lied -- they've always lied," Ujaama said during a terse
exchange cut short by Magistrate Judge Barry Poretz.
During the 10-minute court appearance, a prosecutor read the charges
against Ujaama, then Poretz ordered the U.S. Marshal's Service to transfer
him from a Virginia jail to Seattle.
He is expected to be moved by Monday or Tuesday, although defense attorney
Greg Stambaugh said Ujaama would like to return to a jail in Seattle even
earlier if possible.
Ujaama stood quietly through most of the proceedings. He appeared gaunt
and unshaven, wearing a green jumpsuit marked "PRISONER" on the back.
After the routine business was done, Stambaugh complained to the judge
that a courthouse guard referred to Ujaama as "bin Laden boy," a reference
to al-Qaida terrorist leader Osama bin Laden.
Before being placed in isolation Thursday, Ujaama had been held among
other prisoners in the general population, and such a label could cause
Ujaama problems, Stambaugh said.
"Clearly, everybody is entitled to respect in this court," Poretz said.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Gordon Kromberg questioned whether the
name-calling actually happened, and alluded to Ujaama's repeated
complaints about his treatment in statements released through his attorney
and a family spokesperson.
"His client has repeatedly lied to the public before to manipulate the
public," Kromberg said. "It's not beyond the realm of possibility he's
lying again to manipulate the public."
That drew Ujaama's ire, and he asked the judge for permission to respond.
Poretz told him to talk to his attorney first, and then Ujaama spoke
loudly and angrily.
"These guys have lied -- they've always lied," Ujaama said. "For them to
refer to me as a liar when they've leaked material to the press ...."
Poretz interrupted, suggesting he speak through his attorney. Ujaama
remained quiet.
Outside the courtroom later, Stambaugh read a brief statement in which
Ujaama, 36, repeated his criticism of prosecutors:
"They literally kidnapped me using a material witness warrant. This is
further proof of what I've been saying all along: They are criminals
posing as 'statesmen.'"
Ujaama, who was arrested in Denver on July 22, is accused of providing
"training, facilities, computer services, safe houses and personnel" to
al-Qaida in a conspiracy to "destroy property and murder and maim persons
located outside the United States."
He also is accused of illegally discharging firearms as part of a
conspiracy, when he allegedly was scouting a training area for terrorists
at a property in Bly, Ore.
Kromberg said Ujaama could face up to life in prison for the conspiracy
charge, although Stambaugh said that would not be consistent with the
wording of the indictment.
During yesterday's appearance, Ujaama waived a routine identification
hearing, where prosecutors must show that the person named in the
indictment is the same as the person in custody.
The indictment refers to him by his birth name, James Ernest Thompson; the
name he took as a Muslim, Earnest James Ujaama; and aliases Bilal Ahmed,
Abu Samayya and Abdul Qaadir.

@_date: 2002-01-03 10:09:06
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Future Gnu's 
from "measl at Jan 03, 2002 08:54:55 AM
There is a critical mass of drek above which no one will bother searching
for stuff worth reading in the list.  Without mentioning any names, might
I suggest that certain prolific posters need to stop posting 15 badly
formatted seemingly unintelligible messages every time they visit.
Two or three badly formatted seemingly unintelligible messages might
actually be searched for meaningful content, but when I start seeing
screenfuls of message headers from the same person, I hit "delete" and try
again a few days later.
Odd stuff and spam doesn't need to be 95% of the list traffic.

@_date: 2002-01-08 09:21:01
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
Someone else needs to read the comp.compression FAQ.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - A Florida research start-up working with a team of
renowned mathematicians said on Monday it had achieved a breakthrough that
overcomes the previously known limits of compression used to store and
transmit data.
If proven and successfully commercialized, the discovery asserted by
ZeoSync Corp of West Palm Beach, Florida could overturn half a century of
thinking in the field of lossless data compression and undermine business
assumptions on which the telecommunications and other digital industries
are based.
Lossless compression is the process by which computer data can be
compacted, stored and then restored with complete fidelity, or zero loss
of data. Existing compression techniques typically shed redundant data in
order to conserve space.
ZeoSync said its scientific team had succeeded on a small scale in
compressing random information sequences in such a way as to allow the
same data to be compressed more than 100 times over -- with no data loss.
That would be at least an order of magnitude beyond current known
algorithms for compacting data.
[Someone needs to learn the pigeonhole principle.  You can not give
 each member of a set of 2^(N*100) things its own unique identifier
 taken from a set of 2^N things.]
The company's claims, which are yet to be demonstrated in any public
forum, could vastly boost the ability of computer disks to store, text,
music and video -- if ZeoSync's formulae succeed in scaling up to handle
massive amounts of data.
The same compression technique might one day make make high-speed Internet
access cheaper and widely available across the globe, posing a threat to
huge investments in telecommunications network capacity, an industry
analyst said.
"Either this research is the next 'Cold Fusion' scam that dies away or
it's the foundation for a Nobel Prize. I don't have an answer to which one
it is yet," said David Hill, a data storage analyst with Boston-based
Aberdeen Group.
[David needs to read the comp.compression FAQ too.]
In 1990, a group of Utah researchers scandalized the scientific world with
claims -- quickly found to be unsupported -- that the long-sought answer
to the problem of Cold Fusion had been discovered.
Hill, the only independent analyst briefed ahead of the announcement, said
ZeoSync's claims were theoretically feasible, but years away from
definitive proof. He will require more information before evaluating
ZeoSync's claims, he said.
[You know, if you run the random data through the algorithm a second
 time, I bet you would get 10,000:1 compression.]
ZeoSync, whose Web site can be located at  was
founded by Peter St. George, an Internet and financial services
entrepreneur, who has a background in telecommunications research.
ZeoSync, with 30 full-time employees, said it had collaborated with
experts from Harvard University, Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
Stanford University and researchers in Warsaw, Moscow, and Beijing.
BREAK WITH CURRENT TECHNOLOGIES
Among the scientific team working with ZeoSync is Steve Smale, one of
America's most renowned mathematicians. Smale is an emeritus professor at
the University of California at Berkeley and the 1966 winner of the Fields
Prize, the Nobel Prize for researchers in this field. He could not be
reached for comment on his role in the project.
Peter St. George, ZeoSync founder and chief executive, said his company's
technique challenged the foundations of digital communications theory
spelled out by AT&T's Dr. Claude Shannon in his classic 1948 treatise on
Information Theory.
Shannon, who died in 1991, had proposed that any type of information, from
human speech to computer keyboards to storage disks is limited by the
capacity of the data channel over which it flows. This is the basis of
digital communications theory.
"What we've developed is a new plateau in communications theory," St.
George said. "We are expecting to produce the enormous capacity of analog
signaling, with the benefit of the noise-free integrity of digital
The techniques described by ZeoSync would mark a break with the dozens of
existing compression technologies, including MPEG for video and music and
JPEG for pictures and graphics are able to compact data at compression
rates up to 10 times the original. These algorithms typically work by
eliminating long strings of identifiable bits of data such as blue sky,
green grass or the white background of a snow-covered landscape.
In a statement, ZeoSync said its techniques, "once fully developed, will
offer compression ratios that are anticipated to approach the
hundreds-to-one range."
Using mathematical terminology, the company said its technique
"intentionally randomizes naturally occurring patterns to form
entropy-like random sequences."
ZeoSync said it had applied for patent protection for a technology it
calls Zero Space Tuner, and a related technique it calls
BinaryAccelerator, which encodes data into perfectly reproducible
compressed formats.
The company expects the technology to be in commercial use during 2003, it
[It is much more likely that winged monkeys will fly out of  St George's nether regions.]
St. George told Reuters the company was in talks with unnamed potential
strategic partners, including a major supplier of computer chips used in
multimedia compression and also a leading Hollywood music studio, among
Partnerships deals will be announced over the next several months, he
said, although no deals had yet been reached. The company said its
technology could be used to enhance existing compression techniques such
as fractals, a school of geometry that seeks to find order in the chaos of
the natural world.
"We would like to invite additional members of the scientific community to
join us in our efforts to revolutionize digital technology," St. George
said of the formerly secretive project.
"There is a lot of exciting work to be done."

@_date: 2002-01-08 15:20:49
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
08, 2002 02:27:47 PM
Randomness is generally defined for sequences, which are mappings from the
non-negative integers onto some finite set of symbols.  A sequence is
random if its values are independently selected and uniformly distributed.
A random sequence of ASCII characters will not only spell out "Merry
Christmas and a Happy New Year" numerous times, but will spell out every
other possible piece of text as well.  In a random sequence of bits, all
2^N N-bit strings are equally likely to occur as we step through the
sequence, for any chosen value of N.
The Theory of Compression works with sequences.  Finite sets of data, or
strings, are considered to be initial segments of sequences.
There is also the notion of the Kolmogorov complexity of a string, which
is the length of the shortest program which generates it.  This also leads
to the Kolmogorov definition of a random string, as one whose shortest
description is itself.
Most practical compression algorithms, however, do not work with the
complexity of data in the Kolmogorov sense, but merely compress a sequence
using a fixed amount of its previous history as a dictionary.
As a simple example of how a good compression algorithm might work,
consider a person sitting in front of a console that displays the first
N-1 characters of some text.  The person tries to guess character N and
makes successive guesses until the computer tells him he is successful.  If we entropy code the number of guesses at each point, and we presume
different persons use the same deterministic algorithm for guessing based
on a knowlege of the English language, and on what has previously occurred
in the text, we can transform any English text of more than trivial length
into a lesser number of bits than are required to represent it in ASCII.
If we imagine such a scheme applied to the random binary sequence
described earlier, the person will on the average require 1 guess 50% of
the time, and 2 guesses the other 50% of the time to correctly identify
the next bit.  Entropy coding two symbols which occur with equal frequency
requires one bit for each occurrence.  In this case, attempting
"compression" requires one bit output for each bit input, demonstrating
that a random sequence cannot be compressed.
Talking about a finite string being "random" in the commonly accepted
non-Kolmogorov sense is a meaningless notion, apart from the string being
the initial segment of some random seqence.  Any random string is produced
by taking a finite number of instances of some random variable, and such a
random variable has, by definition, an infinite sequence of such instances
over which its mathematical properties are defined.

@_date: 2002-01-08 15:30:48
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
at Jan 08, 2002 05:46:06 PM
Declan opines:
"ZeoSync said its scientific team had succeeded on a small scale in
 compressing random information sequences in such a way as to allow the
 same data to be compressed more than 100 times over -- with no data
 loss."
Now of course it's possible they were horribly misquoted.  Still, it is
worrisome that so many people quoted in the article think such algorithmic
gymnastics are mathematically possible.

@_date: 2002-01-11 11:45:59
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: [Reformatted] Burning down the olympics 
from "A. Melon" at Jan 11, 2002 09:06:37 AM
Not quite.  11 Israeli athletes were captured by some Palestinians.  They
were killed when the Israeli military attacked the site where they were
being held, and slaughtered everything that moved.
It is and always has been the policy of the Zionist Entity to regard its
civilians as expendable for propaganda purposes in any hostage situation.
That is why, for instance, the Israelis immediately move their own
civilians in as human shields when they illegally occupy an area. Referred
to, of course, by the Israelis and their poodles in US government as
     "I want to tell you something very clear: Don't worry about       American pressure on Israel. We, the Jewish people, control America,
      and the Americans know it."
                                           --Ariel Sharon
                                             October 3, 2001

@_date: 2002-01-11 12:37:58
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: [Reformatted] Burning down the olympics 
May" at Jan 11, 2002 11:59:59 AM
Apparently, I confused the events in Munich in '72 with another "rescue"
operation in which civilians were obliterated by the rescue team, and
their deaths were later attributed to the hostage takers.
After some refreshing of my memory from the news coverage of the events, I
will correct the account to read as follows.
Palestinians took 11 Israeli athletes hostage and two of them were killed
during the hostage taking.  The Mossad, the Israeli secret service,
requested to bring in a hostage rescue team into Germany, and was refused
by the German government.  With the head of the Mossad, Zvi Zamir, acting
as an observer and adviser in Germany, a rescue was attempted by German
police, which resulted in the killing of the remaining 9 athletes.
I will still stand by my points about Israeli policy towards Israeli
civilians held hostage, settlements, and Sharon's "The Jewish people
control America" comments before the Knesset.
The Munich festivities were apparently later immortalized for history in a
Michael Douglas film, which now serves as peoples public recollection of
the events, rather than the coverage that took place at the time.

@_date: 2002-01-11 12:59:10
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: [Reformatted] Burning down the olympics 
from "Greg Broiles" at Jan 11, 2002 12:47:36 PM
Yes, I obviously got the Munich thing confused with something else.  I
have posted a correction in response to a sarcastic snipe by Tim.
No.  It was Germans who screwed it up.  The Germans, concerned about PR, turned down the Mossad's request to send in a rescue team, and tried to do the rescue themselves with the Mossad director watching.

@_date: 2002-01-11 14:10:57
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: [Reformatted] Burning down the olympics 
I got 256 hits on Google.  The original source is apparently Israel Radio
in Hebrew, Col Yisrael, commenting on Sharon's remarks, although of course
it has received wide coverage in the Arab press and on white supremicist
I see not a single denial.
I don't know.  Accusations of antisemitism in the US are extremely vicious
and business destroying, and mainstream newspapers will generally not
print anything which might cause them to be so labeled. "Pakis" and other
maligned groups do not generally enjoy this special dispensation.
As Gore Vidal is fond of saying, there is considerably more freedom to
criticize Israel in Israel, than there is to criticize Israel in the
United States.
I'm kind of torn here.  I certainly don't wish to adopt the position that
nothing is credible that doesn't get mainstream media coverage.  But you
are right that it's a bit suspicious.
When the false story was planted that CNN had used archived footage to
simulate Palestinians celebrating the WTC flattening, the denials were
swift, even though the story had only appeared on the Internet.
I see no denials of this even more widely reported story, and I find that
suspicious too.
Newspapers regularly refuse even well-written op-ed pieces which point out
Israel's warts.
One recalls the recent firings of Managing Editor Jean Ryan and City
Editor Dale Seth from the Oneida Daily Dispatch for daring to place the
word "Jewish" preceeding the word "terrorist" in an editorial about
Israel's formation, one of American Journalism's many unwritten taboos
about coverage of Israel.
I'm going to go out on a limb here, and say that Sharon's remarks were
probably quoted accurately, based on a preponderance of the evidence,
even though, as you point out, they were not repeated in the New York
Times, or even in the Oneida Daily Dispatch.

@_date: 2002-01-11 15:46:10
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Israel's control of the U.S. -- and debunking rumors 
at Jan 11, 2002 06:37:55 PM
OK, I'll bite.  How did the Omaha World Herald on October 1, quote the
Washington Report from October 3, in response to a reader question
of October 27?
Also, he doesn't debunk the quote.  He just expresses his opinion that no
Israeli leader could be so stupid, and continues merrily on to say that
one magazine that reported the remark is "influenced" by Arabs.
If it appeared in a bylined article in a mainstream American newspaper,
and everyone involved has not been fired, and no retraction has been
issued, many months later, I would tend to believe that the authenticity
of the quote is not in question.
I'll pass on the 1,000:1 compression software, but I'm pretty sure about
the quote.  Anyone in Israel care to confirm or deny?

@_date: 2002-01-11 16:34:00
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Israel's control of the U.S. -- and debunking rumors 
"Declan McCullagh" at Jan 11, 2002 06:55:33 PM
In the stuff you sent me, the part you claim was written two days before
the alleged Sharon October 3 quote is under a big title saying...
           Copyright 2001 The Omaha World-Herald Company
                          Omaha World-Herald
           November 1, 2001, Thursday  SUNRISE EDITION
Unless I'm missing something here, your point that I have been proven
wrong because something was written about the Sharon quote two days before
it was supposed to have been said is void.
Also, the text you pasted which said that the quote could not possibly
have been true, and that the source was biased, was a pro-Israel letter to
the editor, criticizing someone identified as a theology professor who
apparently mentioned the Sharon quote in something printed earlier.
Yes, the quote is extrordinary.  Yes, Sharon is a nut.  That he shares
with bin Laden the fantasy that the Jews control America is no huge
Do you have anything else to add?

@_date: 2002-01-11 19:26:21
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Ariel Sharon's Alleged Faux Pas 
at Jan 11, 2002 09:26:56 PM
At least I'm not trying to refute it by claiming it was debunked in the
media two days before it was said. :)
This is not simply a case of reporting something, and then tossing the
burden of proof on the opposition to prove it wasn't said.  This is a case
of something pretty widely disseminated on the Net, to which not a single
official voice of opposition has been raised.  In a general subject area
where the slightest dissent generally makes one a big target.
I mean, you'd at least expect the Weisenthal Center to come up with a
press release decrying the unfair slandering of poor Prime Minister Sharon
with the horrible antisemitic libel of Jewish control of the US
This strongly suggests to me that the "Occam's Razor" scenario here is
that Sharon said something that made his advisors soil their Depends, and
everyone is busy pretending it didn't happen.
He very well may be.  I will not suffer any decrease in my happiness, nor
my appreciation of Peter, should that be proved to be the case.
To paraphrase Golda Meir badly out of context, this would require that one
not love ones paycheck more than one hated Sharon's guts.
A hard test, given several recent journalist and editor firings for
publicly articulating truths about mideast history some find unpleasant.
In this case, I think it's never attribute to conspiracy or stupidity that
which can be easily explained by herding and schooling behavior.
Kind of like when the totality of mainstream journalism decides at the
same moment in time that the "Tiananmen Square Massacre" is now the
"Tiananmen Square Crackdown" and probably later, the "Tiananmen Square
Tea-Time Unpleasantness."
"Laugh while you can, Monkey Boy."
Seriously, though.  If anyone can cite an unimpeachable source on whether
the words in question were uttered by Ariel Sharon, I'm sure we'd all be
overjoyed to be pointed to it, so we can get on with our lives.

@_date: 2002-01-11 19:40:08
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Israel's control of the U.S. -- and debunking rumors 
at Jan 11, 2002 09:29:32 PM
In this case, a "letter to the editor" which suggested that the quote
wasn't true because A.  Sharon couldn't have been that stupid.
B.  One of the places the quote appeared was in a magazine sympathetic to
    Arabs.
was proffered as "proof" that all 256 references to the quote on the Web
were in error.  It is hardly a huge leap here to suggest that this
"proof", albeit of a negative, was less than airtight.
Cheers,

@_date: 2002-01-12 14:43:22
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Ariel Sharon's Alleged Faux Pas 
at Jan 12, 2002 02:11:06 PM
The Internet is a big bathroom wall and everyone has a crayon.  I learned
long ago that trying to apply meatspace standards for libel and slander to
the Internet was a futile exercise.
I still think it's more likely than not that Sharon made the comments, but
I learned long ago that seeking absolute truth in anything other than
discrete mathematics was also a futile exercise.
Some do.  Some don't.  Oddly enough, the "We control America" slogan seems
to be gaining popularity in Israel.  There are now reports in the
Palestinian press of workers with American peace organizations,
investigating the treatment of the Palestinians, being taunted by IDF
soldiers shouting "We control America."
Either a clever propaganda campaign to sour relations between the US and
their Zionist client state, or Israeli cajones that need to be beaten back
down to normal size.
Perhaps Sharon could seize the moment, and print up "We Control America"
bumper stickers for his re-election campaign.

@_date: 2002-01-16 18:23:33
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
Seems our intrepid reporter has given Mr. Saint George, the ZeoSync CEO,
his own writeup in Wired News.
Particularly interesting is the following claim...
  "What hasn't been previously proven, we're proving. We can compress
   every single permutation of an N-member set. These are going to be the
   details that we're going to be announcing in a few days."
Last I counted, there were N! permutations of an N-member set, and N^N
sequences of N elements taken from an N-member set.  For big N, and even moderately sized N, N! << N^N.
I hope Mr. Saint George hasn't spent the last 12 years of his life
discovering that permutations are compressable.

@_date: 2002-07-02 12:55:51
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: "to outlaw general purpose computers" 
May" at Jul 01, 2002 09:31:38 PM
If the government can outlaw the sale of TVs which do not have the
closed-caption feature, which do not tune UHF as easily as VHF, which do
not have Macrovision compliant AGC circuits, or countless other government
mandated features, what makes you think that computers could not be
required to be compliant with a similar laundry list?
Sure I can own and use use a "general purpose" TV which was manufactured
before the requirements, but it won't have a remote control, nor a high
contrast black matrix picture tube, nor a coax input, and it will take me
all afternoon to adjust the purity and convergence.  It will also weigh a
Almost all TVs in use today have the mandated features.  If analagous
features are mandated in computers, almost all computers in use will be
compliant within a period of a few years.  Sure I will be able to use an
antique "general purpose" computer, but it won't run the right software,
and it won't play current content.  Will most innumerate Sheeple bother?  Of course not.
Whem Moore's Law gives your wristwatch more computing power than all your
antique machines combined, you will haul them to the dump, just like your
neighbors are doing.
Such functionality will be placed in a dedicated chipset apart from the
microprocessor initially.  How many computers made 10 years ago are around
today?  How many made today will be around 10 years from now?

@_date: 2002-07-02 13:38:40
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: [OT] why was private gold ownership made illegal in the US? 
Jul 02, 2002 08:53:30 PM
Roosevelt called an emergency session of congress to pass the Emergency
Banking Relief Act, an amendment to the Trading With the Enemy Act.  He
then seized the gold of all US citizens, compensating them at a rate of
twenty-some dollars an ounce.  Subsequently, he set an exchange rate for the dollar of $35 per ounce of
gold, and this revaluation of the government's new gold stocks wiped out
the national debt.
Where the President and Congress are concerned, "Emergency" is generally a
code word for "The Constitution is toilet paper."

@_date: 2002-07-09 10:07:05
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Which universe are we in? 
May" at Jul 08, 2002 08:39:24 PM
Time postulates:
The laws of physics, including the laws of quantum mechanics, are
symmetric with respect to the arrow of time, with occasional and rare
exceptions that are only apparent at high magnification.
if quantum mechanical ambiguity exists about the future, then it also
exists about the past.
As you measure the past by examining the record of it, you of course
collapse wavefunctions, and produce eigenstates of what you are measuring.  It is not necessary to assume the One True Past existed prior to those
measurments being made, simply because no measurements contradict.
This, of course, is the "hidden variable theory," in which we have a One
True Past, (and One True Future) as well, which evolves deterministically,
based in part on degrees of freedom which are by definition unobservable
by any experiment.
If this is true, we have no free will, and Stephen Wolfram's suspicion
that the universe contains only pseudorandomness produced by complex
deterministic mechanisms at a small scale holds true.
Still, Nature abhors overcomplexification, and plain old quantum mechanics
works just fine for predicting the results of experiments.
Nowhere does this imply that what was observed always existed in its
observed state prior to the measurement being made.

@_date: 2002-07-23 20:53:23
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: William Pierce Dies of Cancer at 68 
Pierce made a lot of sense, if one ignored the politically incorrect
hyperbole in his writings.  It is ironic that Pierce died on the day
Zionist War Criminal Ariel Sharon described destroying an apartment
building full of civilians with a missile as "...in my view one of our
biggest successes."
CHARLESTON, W.Va. (July 23, 2002 6:52 p.m. EDT) - White supremacist leader
William Pierce, whose book "The Turner Diaries" is believed to have
inspired Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh, died Tuesday of cancer. He
was 68.
Pierce died at his compound in Mill Point, said his business manager, Bob
DeMarias. He became ill about three weeks ago and his kidneys failed,
DeMarias said.
The novel, which some have called a grisly blueprint for a bloody race
war, includes a chapter titled "Day of the Rope." It describes white
corpses hung from every street corner with placards reading, "I defiled my
FBI investigators said McVeigh was a fan of Pierce's book and used it as a
blueprint for bombing the Oklahoma City federal building in 1995. The book
includes a truck-bombing of FBI headquarters. The Oklahoma City bombing
wasn't the first violence that federal prosecutors linked to "The Turner
Diaries," which was published in 1978.
In 1985, 10 members of a supremacist group called The Order were convicted
of racketeering and other charges in Seattle. Among the crimes they were
accused of were armored-car robberies and the 1984 machine-gun slaying of
Jewish radio talk show host Alan Berg.
One witness testified that a defendant told him, "You should read it,
partner, it's all there. Everything that's going to happen is in 'The
Turner Diaries."'
Pierce led his group, the National Alliance, from a two-story steel
building on 400 acres deep in the Appalachians four hours southwest of
The Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks hate groups, estimated the
group makes more than $1 million a year, mainly through sales of white
power music and supremacist or neo-Nazi literature.
[The Southern Poverty Law Center was revealed in "Harpers" to be little
more than a group of money-grubbing Bible thumpers using racial animus as
a theme to solicit donations.
Harper's Magazine
November, 2000
The Church of Morris Dees
How the Southern Poverty Law Center profits from intolerance
by Ken Silverstein
"This is the major hate group in the United States. It's the most
organized, the best run and the wealthiest," said Mark Potok, editor of
the center's intelligence report on hate groups.
Recently, Pierce began using the Internet to promote his recording label,
Resistance Records - "The soundtrack for white revolution." In an
interview last July, Pierce, a former physics professor, said he hoped his
"long-term goal is to be the biggest distributor and producer of
resistance music in the world. We may be there now."
The Anti-Defamation League estimated last year that Resistance Records
received about 50 orders a day, with each order averaging $70. The league
won't say how it comes by its information, but Pierce had said the figures
were "not too far off." That would make gross revenues about $1.27 million
a year.
Potok said the National Alliance has experts in computers, Web site
design, video game technology, short-wave broadcasting and video
DeMarias said the group would continue to operate "as it did before."
Pierce's death is a significant development because the group has no clear
heir, Potok said.
"It seems quite likely that the group will be led essentially by committee
in the coming months. The problem for this group is that it is a group
that is built around a single man, William Pierce."

@_date: 2002-06-25 11:49:56
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: "Terror Reading" 
It was my understanding that libraries destroy records of patrons'
activity as soon as the books are returned.  Nonetheless, this is an
interesting Federal fishing expedition, with warrants issued by secret
courts, and criminal penalties for librarians who talk too much.
By CHRISTOPHER NEWTON
Associated Press Writer
June 25, 2002, 1:40 AM EDT
WASHINGTON -- Across the nation, FBI investigators are quietly visiting
libraries and checking the reading records of people they suspect of being
in league with terrorists, library officials say. The FBI effort,
authorized by the anti-terrorism law enacted after the Sept. 11 attacks,
is the first broad government check of library records since the 1970s,
when prosecutors reined in the practice for fear of abuses.
A Justice Department official in the civil rights division and FBI
officials declined to comment Monday, except to note that such searches
are now legal under the Patriot Act that President Bush signed last
Libraries across the nation were reluctant to discuss their dealings with
the FBI. The same law that makes the searches legal also makes it a
criminal offense for librarians to reveal the details or extent of the

@_date: 2002-06-29 12:23:09
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Cluelessness is Wrong 
"Anonymous" at Jun 29, 2002 08:16:06 PM
"Anonymous" writes
And even if it isn't, you're going to say it anyway, aren't you?
Guess again.  All photons on my property are mine to decode and process as
I see fit.  By sending photons onto my property, you agree to these terms.
Well, this post to Cypherpunks is my work.  The conditions I put on it are
that by reading it, anyone named "Anonymous" agrees to serve me until the
end of time, transfer to me all their worldly goods, and permit me to
sacrifice their firstborn to Baal.
Like "Anonymous" here.
Unsolicited free gifts are mine to keep.  I just got some lovely address
labels from a paralyzed baby-killers organization.  I plan to use them on
my mail, and not send them a dime.  Anyone else who wants to send me free
stuff, including photons, is free to do so.  They won't get a cent either.
Copyright should be abolished.  If you don't want your secrets, or
artistic works, copied and shared, you are free to keep them in a vault in
your basement, for your sole enjoyment.

@_date: 2002-05-24 21:03:26
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: When Will Terror Videos be Banned 
The FBI currently has its shorts in a wad over the numerous Web sites
featuring the short but poignant last moments of Wall Street Journal
reporter Daniel Pearl.
Clearly, as our War on Terrorism(tm) progresses, it is not unlikely that
terrorists will kidnap and kill more Americans and email video clips of
their last twitches to the media, and it is not unlikely that various web
sites specializing in stomach-turning will place them online for public
Creation, sale, or possession of child porn is illegal.  Creation, sale,
or possession of depictions of animals being harmed in an illegal manner
is illegal as well.
It seems unlikely that creation, sale, or possession of depictions of
Americans being harmed in an illegal manner by political extremists will
remain legal for long.
When this happens, will this mean that the First Amendment is then
officially brain dead, and may be disconnected from life support, and
anything will be able to be banned, because "We're at War."
When the inevitable law is written, where will the ACLU and EFF stand?  Are they willing to take the heat and be labeled as supporters of
I bet if you polled the Sheeple today, they would be more than happy to
give life in prison to anyone who looks at the Pearl video and snickers

@_date: 2002-11-19 21:22:58
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: 17 Cypherpunks subscribers on watch list, Project Lookout 
May" at Nov 19, 2002 02:06:35 PM
Tim Spoofs:
This of course is not a true tale, but an incredible simulation to make a
The real danger, however, lies not in a "watch list," but in the
government's desire for a massive computer system which will link every
single bit of computer accessible information on every individual for
instant access, from credit files, to tax records, to web pages and Usenet
posts, to insults hurled at you by various vigilante groups.
The earth currently has a population of just slightly over six billion
people.  This means that a 200 gigabyte drive can store 256 bits of
information on every single person on the planet, and you can hold it in
the palm of your hand, and use it for any devious purpose you can
Supercomputers are just about to reach, and then surpass, human brain
equivalent capacity in both OPS and memory.  A few more years, and these
supercomputers will be desktops.
OPS and bits have simply become so cheap, that everyone on the planet can
potentially have instant access to everything everyone else on the planet
has ever publicly said or done, grepped and condensed anyway they like,
before dealing with anyone.
Libertopians are hardly likely to want any legal restrictions on freedom
of choice in business or personal dealings, or in the free market trade in
publicly accessible information about citizens, so few limits are likely
to be placed on the inevitable march of this technology.
There are companies that now hire only non-smokers.  In the future, this
could just as easy become never-smoked, never used drugs, had a perfect
attendance record in the Gubmint School, and never criticized the
President. Try to board a plane, and get told, "I'm sorry, but Homeland Airlines
doesn't carry people who wrote an essay like the one you turned into your
10th grade teacher on such and such 15 years ago."
Brinworld on steroids.

@_date: 2002-11-20 09:01:14
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Onion Self-Censorship 
Cable News is reporting that the Onion, America's Finest News Source, has
pulled from its Web site an article on the recent siege at the Moscow
theatre by Chechen rebels.
Does anyone have a copy of the article they could post?  I'd like to see
what sorts of comments about "terrorism" are unacceptable to publish, even
as parody.

@_date: 2002-09-06 23:55:55
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Wolfram on randomness and RNGs 
"Steve Schear" at Sep 06, 2002 01:57:49 PM
I bought a copy the day it came out.  It's an interesting read, but as far
as I can tell, contains nothing of startling import.  It contains not a
single proof.  It merely suggests that Cellular Automata are sufficiently
rich to model any physical process, and maybe someone, someday, will use
them for that purpose.
Then again, so are Turing Machines.
It's much like a book on Cosmology that goes on and on about how lovely
Riemannian Geometry is, and presents lots of beautiful pictures of
manifolds, but leaves it for others to actually figure out a way to use
Riemannian Geometry to model the interaction of geometry and matter.
The one test I usually apply to books is to ask what I can do after
reading them that I couldn't do before reading them.  After Wolfram's
book, I can write the Rule 30 RNG in a couple of lines of the programming
language of my choice.  Not a massive skills increment, but the book does
have some pretty pictures.  Definitely worth $48 if it's in your interest
area, but it's no "Godel, Escher, Bach."
Yes, but...
A cellular automaton consists of an array of cells in 1-1 correspondence
with the integers, and does a potentially infinite amount of computation
at each step.  It is not particularly striking that we can generate a
seemingly random sequence of bits using an open-ended amount of
computation between emitting each of them.
I get the impression Wolfram believes the universe is not random but
pseudo-random.  His measure of randomness is that there is no shorter
method of computing the random sequence than by running the CA that
generates it.
This gets into the whole descriptional or Kolmogorov complexity idea of
random strings being those that have no shorter description than
themselves.  As opposed to the type of randomness we imagine we get from
things like radioactive decay, which Wolfram no doubt secretly believes
are the result of small scale discrete processes as well.
We hashed some of this around in sci.math when the book came out, and someone mentioned that Wolfram was peddling Rule 30 at Crypto '85.
         Article Reference:  (Crypto '85)
         Article:  Cryptography with Cellular Automata
         Author:   Stephen Wolfram
While "A New Kind of Science" contains lots of new and original things,
what's new isn't original, and what's original isn't new.  That Wolfram is
less than candid in disclosing this, and according to some, does not
credit colleagues for their ideas which he borrows, makes the book less
than a stunning exposition of its subject matter.
There's even a 1993 post by Bruce Schneier in sci.crypt commenting on
Rule 30.
  [There is a known plaintext attack against these generators; see
   W. Meier and O. Staffelbach, "An Analysis of Pseudo-Random Sequence
   Generators by Cellular Automata," Advances in Cryptography--EUROCRYPT
   '91 Proceedings, Springer- Verlag, 1991, pp. 186-199.  The attack is
   quite efficient on a PC with values of n (widths of th CA) up to
   500.  Additionally, Paul Bardell proved that the output of a CA is
   identical to the output of a linear-feedback shift register, and is
   hence no more secure.  See: P.H. Bardell, "Analysis of Cellular
   Automata Used as Pseudorandom Pattern Generators," Proceedings of
   1990 International Test Conference, pp. 762-768.]
I'm also not convinced that the Rule 30 bitstream does not have a compact
discription, merely because Wolfram has so far failed to discover one.

@_date: 2002-09-11 11:38:05
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Airline Cancels Gay Mile-High Club Meeting 
Apparently, one isn't permitted to celebrate National Dented Imperialism
Day through any means that requires more than one individual to be in an
airplane bathroom at the same time.
FORT SMITH, Arkansas (CNN) -- A Northwest Airlines flight was diverted
Wednesday to Fort Smith, Arkansas, after the pilot reported a disturbance
involving passengers in the bathroom, federal officials said.
"Apparently a number of men had locked themselves in the bathroom," FBI
spokesman Brian Marshall said.
Crew members and other passengers acted to get the men out, federal law
enforcement officials said. Marshall said no one was injured.
Three men were held for questioning at the Fort Smith Regional Airport,
authorities said.
A senior Bush administration official, speaking on the condition of
anonymity, said the incident did not appear to be related to terrorism.
The official said the men are being questioned for "inappropriate
behavior," which he described as locking themselves inside a bathroom.
When the passengers would not leave the bathroom, the pilot decided to
divert the plane, the official said. No military jets escorted the plane
to the airport in Arkansas, he added.
Flight 979, an Airbus A320, was traveling from Memphis, Tennessee, to Las
Vegas, Nevada, with 94 passengers and five crew members when it was
diverted, the airline said.
Passengers were taken off the plane, and several police cars could be seen
around the plane on the tarmac.
The plane had departed Memphis at 8:45 a.m. CDT and was headed for
McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas.

@_date: 2002-09-11 12:41:07
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Nov-L: Noelle Bush arrested with drugs (fwd) 
May" at Sep 11, 2002 09:16:39 AM
Justice would be no Draconian drug penalities at all, rather than
subjecting the extended ruling aristocracy to the same unfair penalties as
the proles.
I mention this because it doesn't help the goal of getting rid of unfair
laws at all, if people can be made to cheer every time someone they don't
like runs afoul of one.
Jimmy Carter once suggested that a law was unfair of more than 50% of the
pain and suffering was caused by the law, and not by the act being
By this standard, we would have no laws at all against the casual use or
sale of marijuana, and less stringent laws against the use or sale of
almost everything else.  Heroin is much less addictive than nicotine, and
a good deal less poisonous too.  I don't see many driveby shootings over

@_date: 2002-09-15 12:51:35
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Imaginative Bitch Costs Moslems Medical Education 
If the hospital is receiving death threats, why aren't the people making
the threats tracked down and prosecuted?  Maybe the hospital should start
forwarding its email to shrub at whitehouse.gov.
It's like that tenured professor the state of Florida is trying to fire
for supporting the Palestinians instead of the Beanie-Headed Land
Grabbers.  I guess some death threats are more equal than others. By TIM REYNOLDS
Associated Press Writer
September 15, 2002, 12:41 PM EDT
MIAMI -- The Miami hospital where three Muslim medical students were
headed before they were detained in a 17-hour terror scare on a Florida
highway says they aren't welcome there anymore. The head of Larkin
Community Hospital said Sunday he had received more than 200 e-mails after
the incident, some of them threatening.
"Obviously, nothing is final," said Dr. Jack Michel, president and chief
executive officer of Larkin. "Our primary objective is to take care of
patients. I don't know how that could be done with all this media

@_date: 2002-09-15 13:00:21
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: The War Against People Without Hangups 
Because Rep. Foley has "dirty" thoughts while thinking about little girls
on the Web, everyone else is going to have to pay.
Puritanism is the continual worry that someone, somewhere, is having a
nice feeling you don't approve of.
By DAVID CRARY
AP National Writer
September 15, 2002, 1:28 PM EDT
NEW YORK -- The photos on the Web sites portray no nudity and no sex, yet
men by the thousands pay to ogle them -- shots of preteen girls posing in
bikinis and halter tops.
Defended as free speech by some, such pictures are being blasted as a "fix
for pedophiles" by a congressman who is waging an uphill campaign to
banish them from the Internet.
The pool of photos is growing "at an unabated pace," said U.S. Rep. Mark
Foley, R-Fla.
Foley has authored a bill, now before the House Judiciary Committee,
intended to shut down the Web sites by outlawing "exploitive child
modeling." Even he concedes, however, that the measure has potential
loopholes, and anti-censorship groups say it would likely be struck down
as an unconstitutional infringement of free expression.
Foley isn't swayed by arguments that any abuse of child models could be
prosecuted under current laws. "Taking care of the problem after it occurs

@_date: 2002-09-21 10:25:31
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Random Privacy 
May" at Sep 21, 2002 09:29:54 AM
Uh, excuse me?!
I can see how such an idea works if you add a random variable with a known
mean to the data.  A researcher could do this before storing the data, in
order to protect the confidentiality of individual respondents, and still
be able to compute aggregate statistics.
However, if you XOR a bit with a random bit, you have something equally
likely to be in either state.  Even a large collection of yes/no responses
XORed with random bits is indistinguishable from random data.
So I am afraid I must give the prior message my coveted "Silliest Thing
Said On the Internet This Week" award.

@_date: 2003-04-26 11:41:02
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Thanks for the living hell, and question about OpenSSL 
Like mathematicians saying "Trust Us, no algorithm exists which can factor
the 309 digit product of two large distinct odd primes in a few seconds on
a cheap PC?"
Perhaps I'm missing something, but it seems to me that public key
cryptography is fundamentally a trust-based system. With the rise of the
Internet, and almost all crypto being done by people who do not physically
meet to exchange keys, almost all crypto is public key crypto.
Therefore, almost all cryptography (at the present moment) is based on
And it's trust based on the "It doesn't exist, because if it did, I'm so
smart I would have found it by now" paradigm, which I've never regarded as
being particularly reliable.  (Insert comments about simple algorithms
whose direct derivation lies just slightly beyond the limits of human
ingenuity here.)
With regard to the utility of digital cash.  Digital cash will never be
useful for funding retaliation against The State unless its use is so
widespread that the problematical transactions are drowned out by noise.
Since sheeple will always pick convenience over security, and The State,
through regulation, controls what will be convenient, digital cash will
never achieve widespread use.
The wild success of PayPal, even as it embargos some customers cash for 6
months over their political views, and the long list of failed anonymous
payment ventures, should drive this point home to even the most dense.

@_date: 2003-04-26 12:04:10
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Fake News for Big Brother 
Here's a disturbing little footnote in the evolving story of complicity between news organizations and the government.  It seems that not only will the news media provide AmeriKKKans with fluffy PG-rated coverage of the illegal and immoral invasion of Iraq, and the slaughter of thousands of people only trying to defend their homeland.  The news media, will, in fact, print fake news supplied by the government, with full knowlege that it is false, to further an ongoing investigation.
Case in point. This would be a good article to keep in mind when you hear media reports that Saddam's "Weapons of Mass Destruction" have finally been found.
NEWSPAPERS HAVE really only one obligation: to truthfully inform readers.
Yet last week the King County Journal, a Bellevue-based daily serving the
east and south suburbs, admitted failure to do even that in March 2002
when it printed a phony story about a suspicious fire that was actually
staged by police to appear to be an arson.
This story starts in January 2002, when Steven Sherer was convicted of
killing his wife; her body was never found. The conviction didn't sit well
with Sherer. From behind prison walls, prosecutors assert, he plotted to
kill his former mother-in-law, his son, the prosecutor, and the
prosecutor's four children. For starters, he contracted with his cellmate
to torch the Bellevue home where his former mother-in-law and his son
lived, preferably with them inside, according to court documents. Law
enforcement officials found out and decided to stage an arson at Sherer's
former mother-in-law's in order to dig up more information about Sherer's
One problem: The cops needed to somehow prove to Sherer that the arson
happened. So they contacted the King County Journal. Would the paper be
willing to report the staged arson as if it were a real event so that they
could have a clipping to pass along to Sherer?

@_date: 2003-04-26 20:54:01
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: All trust is economics 
The same could be said about "good" and "evil", yet in ordinary
conversation, one doesn't use the words to refer to their zero values.
Unqualified "trust" is somewhere between "more likely than not" and
"absolutely certain."
To a Jewish friend of mine, everything is marketing.
I suppose it depends on ones perspective. :)
Sounds like a good description of the difference between confidentiality
and anonymity.  I prefer the latter.
This is the difference between wishful thinking and anonymity.
How silly.  Factoring is like the Poincare Conjecture.  Solving it doesn't
let us do anything new and exciting, and nothing else we care about has a
reduction into it.
Fast factoring will be greeted by "oh, yes, of course", and the sound of
mass yawning and moving on.  In 10 years, "factor" will be a commodity
microprocessor opcode.
Is anyone even working on factoring any more?  How long has it been since
the last RSA Challenge number was factored?  Seems like aeons.
There is a huge difference in the valuation *YOU* place on the "trust" in
these two cases.
Valuation is hardly an absolutely quantifiable notion, completely
independent of who is doing the valuating.
I choose to avoid both situation 1 and situation 2 above.
You avoid situation 1, and think you are safe in situation 2.
You very well could be, but then again...
Yes, I believe Joe Sixpack saying that he promises to keep my key safe to
be on the same footing as Joe Sixdiploma saying that because he can't
figure out how to factor 309 digit numbers quickly, it must not be
Vanity, Vanity, All is Vanity.
All RSA is faith-based crypto.

@_date: 2003-04-29 18:19:19
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Osama wins 
It would be rude to add them to the target list while we were still their guests.

@_date: 2003-08-02 01:23:49
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Hackers Bypass 4th Amendment 
OK - Here's a really dumb decision which shows how willing the courts are
to shred the Constitution.  Just to make sure that Puritans don't have to
worry that someone, somewhere, is looking at a picture of someone under
18, and touching themselves improperly.
Apparently, criminals can break into your home, and look for evidence of
illegal activity and thoughtcrime, and if they find it or even plant it
themselves, they can give it to the police, not be prosecuted for breaking
in, and it can be used as evidence against you.  No problem with obtaining
those pesky search warrants from the handy rotary tear-off dispenser in
the Judge's chambers any more.  No indeed.
Judges OK evidence from hacker vigilante
By Lisa M. Bowman
Staff Writer, CNET News.com
August 1, 2003, 10:22 AM PT
 [Comments in [] are mine.  -emc]
A federal appeals panel ruled this week that the government did not
violate search and seizure laws when it used evidence that a hacker
gathered to establish a child pornography case.
The opinion reverses a lower court ruling in which a U.S. District Court
judge in Virginia suppressed the evidence, saying the government had
violated a defendant's rights.
The decision stems from a case in which a hacker uploaded a file to a
child porn newsgroup that made it possible to track who downloaded files
from the service. The uploaded file contained the SubSeven virus, which
the hacker used to remotely search people's computers for porn.
 [Notice how the claims by the "hacker" are reported as fact here.  For  all we know, the hacker could have broken into the computer, and  planted the alleged child porn himself.  Once the hacker had access,  the PC was no longer under the exclusive control of the owner, and I  don't see how he could be prosecuted for anything on it.
 It's not like these child porn crusaders don't lie.  Mike Echols lied
 about child porn for years, and through the posting of his list of the
 personal information of those he falsely claimed were child pornographers
 on yet another Web hosting service, by the remnants of his sham
 organization, he continues to lie from beyond the grave.
 History has proven that Lying Feminist Cunts and Religious Nutballs  will do anything to silence their critics, including planting porn on
 their computers.  How dumb and naive can the courts be?]
The hacker then played the role of a cybervigilante, sending anonymous
tips to law enforcement officials that alerted them to child porn files
the hacker had found on people's PCs.
 [Again, the files the hacker "claimed" to have found on peoples PCs,  but which in reality, could have been planted because the hacker didn't
 like the subject's public comments about Vigilante Hackers, Bon-Bon  Munching Holsteins, and other loathesome creatures.]
The attorneys for one of the men nabbed in the hacker's sting sued,
saying that the hacker was acting as an agent of the government and
therefore needed a warrant before conducting a search of someone's
computer. A federal court judge ruled that the government had indeed
violated the man's Fourth Amendment rights protecting him from
unreasonable search and seizure.
 [This certainly seems to be the correct interpretation of the law.]
However, an appellate panel of the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals
reversed that decision because, among other things, most of the major
exchanges between law enforcement and the hacker took place after he had
searched the man's computer. As a result, the judges said, the government
had not established a relationship with the hacker prior to his search
that would have made him an agent of the government.
"In order to run afoul of the Fourth Amendment, therefore, the
government must do more than passively accept or acquiesce in a
private party's search efforts," the judges wrote. "Rather there must
be some degree of government participation in the private search."
However, the appellate judges warned that law enforcement "operated
close to the line" in the case.
 [This is clearly bullshit.  We are now privatizing illegal searching,  as long as the vigilante group doesn't run to the police until after
 they break into your home and discover/plant evidence?  Someone needs
 to confiscate these judges' crack pipes.]

@_date: 2003-08-05 16:03:48
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Year in Jail for Web Links 
An anarchist has been sentenced to a year in jail for having links to
explosives information on his Web site.  AmeriKKKa is further fucking the
First Amendment by restricting whom he may associate with in the future,
and what views he may espouse.
As is usual in most criminal cases today, the defendent was forced to plea
bargain to avoid the threat of worse charges if he went to trial.
LOS ANGELES, California (AP) -- A federal judge sentenced a man to a year
in prison Monday for creating an anarchist Web site with links to sites on
how to build bombs.
U.S. District Judge Stephen Wilson sentenced Sherman Austin to more than
the prosecutor had recommended under a plea bargain.
Austin, 20, pleaded guilty in February to distributing information related
to explosives.

@_date: 2003-08-05 16:24:34
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Teen arrested at Logan for alleged sarcasm in his bag 
Sunder posts:
  Teen_arrested_at_Logan_for_alleged_bomb_threat_in_his_bag+.shtml
Not every sentence containing the word "bomb" is a bomb threat.  Apparently this concept is lost upon the cretins guarding our airports.
While this kid is probably screwed for using the B-word, one wonders what
the boundary is that one has to cross with a note in ones luggage to get
For instance, which of these sentences, written on a note in ones luggage,
would get one arrested and/or booted off a flight.
      "Don't wrinkle my clothes, you minimum wage douchebag"
      "Bush lied to start a war"
      "R.I.P. First Amendment"
      "There is only one God, and Mohammad is his Prophet"
      "Hang Israeli War Criminal Ariel Sharon"
      "The 9/11 Martyrs are in Paradise"
      "Proud NAMBLA Member since 1979"
      "John Walsh is an expert on everything, except watching
       his kid at the mall"
      "Death to AmeriKKKa"
      "Free Jim Bell"
      "What the world really needs is a fifty dollar weapon that
       sinks aircraft carriers"
      "Founding Member, Aryan Nations"
      "Support Strong Crypto"
Perhaps John Gilmore, in his copious free time, could place these one by one in his gym bag, and report back on the results. :)

@_date: 2003-08-05 18:17:27
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Year in Jail for Web Links 
Duncan Frissell opines:
The problem here is that if you have a family and assets and
responsibility and something resembling a future, you cannot afford to be
the 1 in 100 who refuses to plea bargain, because the government has the
vast amount of money it saved itself not taking the other 99 cases to
trial with which to screw you and make an example out of you to anyone
else who may stupidly think they can defy the system.
Thus, the problem of plea bargains can only be solved by eliminating plea
bargaining itself.  It cannot be solved by individuals caught in the
system demonstrating "courage."
It's one of those Prisoner's Dillema-ish situations.  The demonstration to
the Sheeple that one cannot break the system, one can only break oneself
against the system.

@_date: 2003-08-06 01:18:13
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Trouble at HavenCo? 
What if all things computable are computable in polynomial time?

@_date: 2003-08-08 19:42:32
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: President Terminator 
In response to a question about whether she would favor a Constitutional
amendment defining marriage as between a man and a woman, a Fox Fake News
Channel bimbo responded, "I want a Constitutional amendment so Arnold can
be President."
Rabbi Marvin Hier of the Simon Wiesenthal Center has characterized Arnold
as having "done more to further the cause of Holocaust awareness than
almost any other Hollywood star."  Rabbi Hier also points out that Arnold
makes regular substantial constributions to the Wiesenthal Center, and has
raised millions for the Holocaust Memorial Trust in Los Angeles.
So how exactly, one might ask, does Arnold's view of America's Manifest
Destiny to rule the world and his unconditional love of the Jewish people
and Israel differ from Bush's view of America's Manifest Destiny to rule
the world and his unconditional love of the Jewish people and Israel.
Or the view of any other major Neocon?
Watch for this President Arnold movement to gather steam.  Who knows, once
the naturally born restriction on Presidents is removed, Ariel Sharon
could be the US President after Arnold, bringing the Neoconservative
nonsense full circle.

@_date: 2003-12-02 01:09:31
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Silly Linux Kernel Bug 
As reported today on Slashdot, in linux kernels prior to 2.4.23, it is
possible to map the kernel into user space with brk(), since apparently no
one ever bothered to check that the argument passed was in the lower 3 gig
of the address space.
This is almost as funny as early linux kernels in which the LDT was user
In any case, the patch is to stick the following check in do_brk() in
  if ((addr + len) > TASK_SIZE || (addr + len) < addr)            return -EINVAL;
This is of course a serious bug, since anyone on a vulnerable machine has
access to kernel memory by writing a terse no-brainer C program, of which
I will not give an example, because enough people on the Internet hate me
already. :)
An interesting occurrence, because it demonstrates that massive numbers of
open source participants auditing the code aren't sufficient to ferret out
every giant coding blunder.

@_date: 2003-12-02 10:05:37
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Silly Linux Kernel Bug 
Let me simplify.  I found it startling that a Redmond-level bug was in a
mature open-source project, the result of many years of hard work and
evolution, deemed "Ready for the Enterprise."
This isn't a slap at Open Source.  It's just mild bemusement.  Well, let's see.  I think Open Source is better than the Closed Source
proprietary "It's not a bug, it's a feature" model.  I've never been
promised anything by Open Source, so it's certainly not the second thing..  While I wouldn't say Open Source should not be used for secure code, there
seems to be a bit of overconfidence in this area, particular in the lack
of realization that Open Source clones of rock solid pieces of software
like PGP and SSH are probably exploitable and buggy when they are first
But all in all, I think Open Source is an excellent idea, as long as one
does not have unrealistic expectations.  I wouldn't use Open Source to run
an artificial heart, but for most of the things it is used for, it is
probably quite satisfactory.
Quite true.
I have not been promised anything by the "guys on Slashdot."  I simply
found the error amusing.  Let's not get our blood pressure in an uproar
simply because virtually every Linux system in the world was just
discovered to have a user readable/writable kernel.  It will be fixed, and
life will move on.
This is a dumb coding error.  Not a referendum in the eyes of God on the worthiness of the Open Source movement.

@_date: 2003-12-16 19:04:43
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
Rumsfeld also revealed that the CIA has taken over the Saddam
interrogation, and pundits are speculating that they will use the same
torture techniques that are being used on the "detainees."
Later today, a source close to the interrogation said that Saddam would be
subjected to stress and sleep deprivation.  Basically, teams of
interrogators will ask questions over and over again, and no one will get
any rest until answers are provided.
Bill Bennett said just a few minutes ago, that Saddam's capture made
America safer, because the world has learned that "If you mess with
America, you wind up in a hole."
A friend of mine, when asked what he wanted from Santa for Christmas,
replied, "A crater the size of DC."
Clearly, the world's leaders are looking closely at Saddam's treatment,
and realizing how easily pissing off the Bush family could result in them
being shown on International TV unbathed, unshaven, checked for fleas, and
bent over for a rectal probe.
Of course, all of this is provoking a new arms race of astronomical
proportions, as the other nations of the world realize international law
means nothing, and that the US and Israel think they can judge everyone
else on the planet, no one can judge them, and they can act with impunity.
This will, in a few years, result in the usual "force meets force plus
brains" low level format of the arrogant, and after a few hangings, and a
big round of applause, life on the planet will move on.

@_date: 2003-12-17 20:49:28
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
The two events are completely unrelated, except for the fact that 9/11
gave the US the additional hubris it needed to launch an unprovoked war of
agression against another sovereign nation, in violation of international
law and the wishes of the world community.
Saddam's capture is the poisoned fruit of an illegal occupation, which is
itself the poisoned fruit of an illegal invasion, whose clear purpose,
despite the lies about Saddam's ready to launch nuclear weapons, was to
control Iraq's oil, and eliminate support for the oppressed Palestinians.
Bush knew that as long as he managed to attack Iraq, using any pretense,
he would never be forced to leave once the excuses were revealed as lies,
because if there's two things America is structurally incapable of doing,
it's accepting blame and apologizing.
Every American soldier in Iraq right now is a war criminal.  Every dead
Iraqi is a murder victim.
As one writer so aptly put it...
"For months we have wanted to get our hands on the warmonger who
terrorized the world with weapons of mass destruction. But, as we couldn't
get George Bush, we had to make do with Saddam Hussein."

@_date: 2003-12-19 14:36:36
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
Bear in mind that we could probably find plenty of victims of the Bush administration who would be willing to provide this variety of justice to America's dictator and a couple dozen of his closest Neocon advisors.
Invading a country, and then turning its leader over to his political enemies for a quick show trial and execution, while singing the "tried by his own people" propaganda tune, hardly qualifies as justice.

@_date: 2003-12-22 13:47:12
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Humiliating the Conquered, Part II 
If you think it was embarrassing for the former regime in Iraq to see
their fearless leader getting a public louse inspection, just wait until
Christmas, when America again demonstrates it can walk the streets of
Baghdad with impunity.
Yesterday, the crew of WWE Smackdown arrived in Baghdad to set up for
their special Christmas broadcast of Smackdown! "Live from Baghdad."
  "The Smackdown crew with Steve Austin arrived yesterday in Baghdad at    the 28th U.S. Military Combat Support Hospital to hand out gift    packages to troops and give t-shirts to those injured."
  "World Wrestling Entertainment in proud to present a special edition of    SmackDown! from Baghdad on Christmas night. Join the Superstars of
   SmackDown! as they have the honor of competing in front of Americas    troops in what should be an evening filled with action, excitement and    emotion."
Goodness, where are the Donkey Carts of Mass Destruction when they are
really needed. :)

@_date: 2003-12-26 09:37:22
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Singers jailed for lyrics 
Of course, that should be "a nation with strict laws against free speech."
Crying "Hate Speech" is the last resort of people who cannot debate what is being said and convince anyone.

@_date: 2003-12-27 16:51:38
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Singers jailed for lyrics 
It is the outcome of the trial which condemns Germany.  THe length of the
trial is an unimportant data point.
THe law clearly defines "hate speech" as the communication of any information which might tend to cause people to be displeased with a particular religious or ethnic group, whether or not the information is true.
People in Germany have been jailed under the "hate speech" laws for simply suggesting in
written editorials that the Jewish people might act collectively in their own enlightened
As long as truth is no defense against "hate speech," and "hate speech" includes things
which clearly don't involve anyone hating anyone else, "hnate speech" is simply a code
phrase for suppressing free expression.
Yes, the Allies have done an excellent job of redirecting German jackbooted obnoxiousness
back at the German people.  Do you have a point here?
The US isn't free at all.  However, most US citizens support freedom to have opinions and to express them.  Germans have to ask their government for permission to think.  Most Germans think this is a good thing, by the way.

@_date: 2003-12-28 14:19:27
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Singers jailed for lyrics 
The laws "over there" would only lack importance if they were universally ignored.
But they aren't ignored, and they ruin peoples lives, and deprive them of freedom
and property everytime someone in some protected class claims to have been offended.
When a Jew in Germany gives material support to Israel's reign of terror against the
Palestinian people, and someone criticizes it, German law puts the person criticizing it in jail because he made the Jew feel bad.
A civilized country would put the Beanie-Headed Land Grabber in jail, and give the critic a medal.  Germany is not a civilized country.
Neither is the United States, of course, where US citizens are free to join the
Israeli army, and commit atrocities in the illegally occupied territories, but face prison for "terrorism" if they support the oppressed Palestinians and play paintball with their friends on weekends.
Naziism is National Socialism.  Neoconservatism is National Capitalism.

@_date: 2003-02-01 14:10:44
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Shuttle Humor 
PRICELESS
           ---------
Zionist Entity air force training:          $750,000
Unprovoked attack on another country's
nuclear installation:                       $350,000
Bribes to US Congressmen to promote "Zionist in Space" program:               $1,250,000
The look on your fellow astronauts'
faces right before the grenade you are
holding explodes --                        PRICELESS
There are some things money can't buy, for everything else there's

@_date: 2003-02-03 09:45:38
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Shuttle Humor 
You are overanalyzing.  It was parody.  No one blew anything up.  There was a burn through on the left wing.
We now return you to your regular programming.

@_date: 2003-02-10 10:47:30
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: The Space Shuttle's Secret Military Mission 
The article is total nonsense.  For instance, Americium-242 has a half
life of 150 years, and decays through isomeric transition.  It looks like disinformation trawled under the nose of
 so that if they ever publish anything which
pisses off "They Who Can Not Be Criticized," the article can be pointed to
as an example of idiocy which has appeared on the site.

@_date: 2003-02-10 12:00:55
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Trap guns, black baggers, and "Arlington Road" 
Coincidentally, the news this morning reports on a home invasion in which
a homeowner shot dead two of three members of an assault team that smashed
into his condo and began firing.
Details on the identities of the perps are being withheld from the news
media pending further "investigation."
Resident kills 2 condo intruders
By Bill Miller
Star-Telegram Dallas Bureau
DALLAS - Gunfire erupted early Thursday morning when three men armed with
pistols burst into a north Dallas condominium. Two of the intruders died
when a resident returned fire, police said.
Details were sketchy Thursday as Dallas homicide detectives investigated
the shooting at the Kensington Square Apartments in the 15800 block of
Knoll Trail Drive, just east of the North Dallas Tollway.
Detectives said they were not yet ready to release the names of the people
involved, only that the incident began around 9 a.m. in a condo that was
occupied by the 29-year-old man, his wife and their three children.

@_date: 2003-02-24 20:50:36
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Weizmann Institute Sets "Guinness Record" 
The Weizmann Institute has done it again.  Written yet another press
release, that is.
I wasn't even aware Guinness had a record for the smallest biological
computing device.  Have the Guinness people even heard of the Weizmann
people?  One wonders.
In any case, they claim that two spoonfuls of their latest goo is a 600
TeraOP DNA computer.  I'll be more impressed when they port Linux.
REHOVAT, Israel, Feb. 24 (UPI) -- The latest entry in the Guinness Book of
World Records for smallest biological computing device is a microscopic
gadget composed of DNA and enzymes that not only reads DNA for data but
uses it as fuel.
Israeli scientists reported Monday that just two spoonfuls could hold up
to 30 million billion of such molecular computers, which could perform
about 660 trillion operations per second -- nearly 20 times as many as
Japan's Earth Simulator, the most powerful supercomputer now active.
"The long-term goal is to eventually create autonomous, programmable
molecular computing devices that can operate in vivo, eventually inside
the human body, and function as 'doctors in a cell,'" researcher Ehud
Shapiro, a computer scientist at the Weizmann Institute of Science, told
United Press International.
By detecting biochemical anomalies, the micro-computers could consult
"their programmed medical knowledge to direct the synthesis and delivery
of biomolecules that serve as drugs," Shapiro explained.
DNA stores both information -- in the form of the genetic code in humans

@_date: 2003-02-24 21:09:54
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Why Spammers Should Be SLOWLY Tortured to Death 
It seems some spammer has decided to use my email address as his return
address, and I am now getting his bounce messages.

@_date: 2003-01-15 12:06:37
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Pete Townshend and Pee-Wee 
Remember that age verification service which got busted a few years back
when the feds managed to convince a jury that the owners were the "madams
of a child porn bordello," based on two overseas sites which featured
illegal material?
Well, after managing to entrap a few hundred US citizens into ordering KP
from the feds, the feds are now grepping the list of 250,000 customers by
country, and shipping the data off to other nations so that they may
attempt to lure their own citizens as well.
In the UK, this is of course the currently being reported on "Operation
Ore" which is nailing pervy brits right and left, including Who musician
Pete Townshend.
In the US, the distortion continues full speed, with the age verification
service still being referred to as "The World's Largest Child Porn Ring",
with "250,000 child porn customers" paying millions for "pay per view"
access to "over 6000" sites featuring pictures of "babies being raped,"
which is a small part of the "insatiable demand" for the" child sexual
abuse pictures" featured on "over 100,000 web sites", or so Connie Chung
tells us.
Well, at least it makes being in the age verification business exciting.
In the midst of all this frivolity, the Village Voice has written a very
intelligent article on the current charges against Paul Reubens, aka Pee
Wee Herman, which apparently stem from an occasional minor featured in his
vintage collection of 1960's muscle magazines, and a few grainy possible
underage males in his now meticulously combed through collection of
antique 8mm gay porn.
The Village Voice: Features: Richard Goldstein: Persecuting Pee Wee
All this, and a dead Echols too.  It's been quite a week. :)

@_date: 2003-01-29 16:42:17
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: the news from bush's speech...H-power 
Uh, no.  I followed science very closely during the Eisenhower
administration, and I remember no mention of a "National Mechanical Brain"
Tim is likely spoofing us again.

@_date: 2003-01-31 16:50:00
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Life Sentence for Medical Marijuana? 
The Feebs are crowing over their latest victory, having just obtained a
conviction against a medical marijuana grower for the city of Oakland.
The individual was of course prohibited from any mention at his trial
of medical marijuana, that he was growing the stuff legally under a
1996 state law, or any other mitigating factors.    "There is no such thing as medical marijuana," said     Richard Meyer, a DEA spokesman. "We're Americans     first, Californians second."
Actually, I think that should be "Assholes First."

@_date: 2003-07-22 14:31:15
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Fwd: [IP] Gilmore bounced from plane; and Farber  censors   
The other 300 people on the plane had their flight delayed by the actions
of the carrier, not by the actions of Gilmore.
You are falling for the usual mental trap here of viewing authority as
some sort of inviolate physical law, and transferring responsibilty onto
the victim for "making them do it."
You should watch that in the future. I mean, a 1 inch button, for Christ's sake.  They must have had to use a
magnifying glass to read the slogan.

@_date: 2003-07-24 09:16:30
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Dead Body Theatre 
I just noticed all news channels on the boob tube are showing endless
repetitions of what the US alleges are the dead bodies of Saddam Hussein's
We all know how easy it is to make realistic fake pictures now that
everything is digital, so I was thinking what a cool hack it would be to
Photoshop some similar pictures of the Bush daughters, and post them on
the Internet for everyone to enjoy.
Now that the new standard for pre-emptive war is to murder the legitimate
leader of another sovereign nation and his entire family, an "artist's
rendering" of Shrub reaping what he sows would surely be an excellent
political statement.

@_date: 2003-07-25 19:44:34
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Dead Body Theatre 
While the replacement of the US/Iraq war with Shrub and Saddam in a barbed
wire steel cage on Pay Per View with Vince McMahon announcing is an
appealing idea, I think it is a bit premature to leap to the conclusion
that this is the road map the US is following.
The logic behind sparing heads of state, even though they are technically
in the military chain of command, has to do with their utility during
post-war reconstruction, and not incurring the eternal hate of the
conquered enemy's civilian population.  That is why the US spared Emperor
Hirohito when reorganizing Japan, for instance.
The ability of the US to fight low-casuality war has transformed war into
an art akin to corporate raiding.  It permits the US to invade any
country, destroy the military infrastructure at little or no cost in
American lives, and leave the country's proles and natural resources
undamaged to be exploited by their new Imperialist masters.  If in the end
it can be claimed that the people are better off than they were before,
even if their previous misfortune was due entirely to US economic
sanctions, then it can be declared that the war was "Justified."
Of course, this just demonstrates that power is ultimately wielded by the
people with the best weapons, even as those same people lull the rest of
the world into thinking there is something called "international law,"
while they arm themselves to the teeth.
Fortunately, there has never been a weapons system in the history of the
world that ultimately didn't cost less to destroy than it did to
Force is always beaten by force plus brains, and I am sure the other
nations of the world are looking at the US and madly seeking to construct
a credible deterrent.  The window of absolute US military superiority will
last 2-3 years at best.  "What the world really needs is a fifty dollar
weapon that sinks aircraft carriers" isn't just a witty .sigfile quote.
North Korea really has the right idea here.  The US threatens sanctions,
they respond - "Our nuclear missiles can hit any target in the US.  Sanctions are an act of war."  The US threatens a blockade, they respond -
"Our nuclear missiles can hit any target in the US.  Blockades are an act
of war." This is really the correct method of dealing with the US, and
nations like Iraq are stupid to keep capitulating in the expectation that
it will postphone an already decided upon attack.  The United Nations
should know better than to be continuously baited into playing this game
as well.
The point is, of course, that this isn't some new kind of war where the
Bush family fights the Hussein family to spare civilians on both sides.  This is George W. Bush thinking his security is so impenetrable that he
can send his soldiers to kill the opposition leader's family, and drag
their bodies around in front of cameras, without having to worry in the
slightest that he or his family will experience retaliation in kind.
Of course, to paraphrase Doctor Who, the word "impenetrable" sounds far too much like the word "unsinkable."

@_date: 2003-07-25 20:02:50
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Dead Body Theatre 
If it turns out that Shrub killed two ordinary Iraqis, claimed they were
Saddam's sons, and then had army morticians make them up to resemble
Saddam's sons, he will be laughed out of office.
I've always said that you have to talk to people in the language they
understand, and that the only language the American people understand is
dead Americans.
Indeed, Bush makes a mockery of the UN, and launches a war of aggression
against Iraq, based on a Weapons of Mass Destruction soap opera conducted
in the media, and the American people approve.
American soldiers set up check points, and fire at families in cars trying
to flee to safer areas, blowing the heads off babies, and the American
people approve.
Bush slaughters thousands of Iraqis on his way to Baghdad, who are only
trying to defend their country again outside invaders, and the American
people approve.
The Iraqis resist by killing a couple Americans a day for a few weeks, and
Bush's approval rating drops 2 points a day.  Almost half the American
public say going to Iraq wasn't worth the cost.
Americans are finally being talked to in the language they understand.
If the Iraqis kill 5 American soldiers a day for 2 months, it will cost
Bush the election.  If they manage a mass hosing, comparable to the
bombing of the Marine barracks in Saudi Arabia, Bush will be impeached. If
they should manage to kill a few tens of thousands of American soldiers
out of the 147,000 currently serving in Iraq, mobs of angry American
parents will attack and burn the White House to the ground, and feed Shrub
and his entire family feet first into a compost shredder.
Again, it's just a matter of talking to people in the only language they

@_date: 2003-07-26 10:44:10
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Dead Body Theatre 
Much as conservatives refer to everyone who can see through their
propaganda better than Joe Sixpack as "The Elite."  Variations include
"The Hollywood Elite", "The University Elite", etc.
Conservatives fear anyone with a longer memory and better critical
thinking skills than your average dumbass American hayseed, programmed in
the Guv'ment School, with his 9th grade reading and his 4th grade math.
It comes from work.  Back when I was but a tiny Thaumaturge, home
ownership was within the reach of virtually everyone in AmeriKKKa.  An
entire household full of people could be supported on the income of a
single adult working virtually any full time job.  Leasure time and
recreation were abundant.  The Sheeple were happy sheep.
Fast forward to today, where a barely comfortable living requires every
adult member of a household to work somewhere over full time at some sort
of skilled occupation, one paycheck away from the street.
It's the time-honored algorithm for optimizing the speed of an assembly
line.  You speed up the line until the error rate becomes unacceptable,
and then back off by epsilon.  If the workers are wheezing, with their
tongues hanging dangerously close to the gears, who cares.  There are
hungry people standing in line to replace anyone who can't take it.
Apply this algorithm to macroeconomic variables, during a loud propaganda
campaign promoting "productivity," and you have essentially what was done
to the US economy starting with the ascension of the Conservatives to
power in 1980.
The US spent the Soviet Union into bankrupcy, and rebuilt a military force
that can threaten any nation in the world, not because of Manifest
Destiny, but by working its citizens harder than any other decent nation
was willing to do.  Citizens too dumb to understand that economic control
of a population is not morally superior to control at the point of a gun.
And through the miracle of Fractional Reserve Banking, while the Proles
toiled, a small privileged segment of the population became fabulously
wealthy during the same period, for doing, as Anne Robinson would say,
"Absolutely Nothing."

@_date: 2003-06-19 17:38:55
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: (Bald) Weenies at Amnesty International 
Turns out the scumbags at Amnesty International have decided to call for
the Canadian government to investigate and charge Ernst Zundel for not
kowtowing to the official version of "The Holocaust(tm)" as promulgated by
the ADL.
Zundel has been sitting in jail in Canada after being booted out of the US
at the behest of the Neocons in the state department for missing an
imigration hearing that was never scheduled.  Canada is trying to deport
him to Germany, as a "national security threat," where he may be
persecuted under German anti-free speech laws.
Amnesty has also issued a statement saying that it is their policy that
they will "not adopt people imprisoned for 'hate speech' as prisoners of
conscience."  Well, that certainly covers a lot of territory, doesn't it.
Figuring out what country and what group of people try to get all
criticism of their conduct labeled as "hate speech" will be left as an
exercise for the reader.

@_date: 2003-06-23 12:29:41
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Senators from Utah being Southern 
There are two ways of modeling the Universe.  One can build it from lots
of copies of the null set, or one can take the undifferentiated whole, and
subdivide it into countless fragments in equilibrium with each other in
various complex ways.
Religions are essentially collections of stories about the latter method
of modeling, created for people who can't do the math, and who have never
bothered to wonder why all the choirs of angels form such neat little
God is the thing you have before you start chopping it up.  God is the
abstraction that has everything in the universe as a possible instance.  Archangels are chunks of a coarse partition of God.  We are chunks of a
fine partition of God.
Mormons make perfect employees.  They are always bathed, well-dressed,
hard-working, self-reliant, well-educated, respectful of your authority,
and they hardly ever mention that after they die, they hope to rule over
other planets in physical bodies, and have a wonderful sex life.
Then again, they'll put their teenage children in a mental institution in
a heartbeat for defying them, or acting gay.
Mormons are the true Stepford citizen units.  Perfect on the outside,
dangerous on the inside.
The Nephilim are a fun bunch.  The whole universe is inside you, Grasshopper.

@_date: 2003-05-01 12:54:10
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: The Holocaust (sm) (tm) 
The Holocaust has undergone a great deal of evolution over the years.  I
remember in the post-war years, that Jewish suffering during the war was a
taboo subject.  The Jews were horribly ashamed of it, and never spoke
about it, and the most important thing people would tell their kids when
visiting a Jewish family was, "Don't mention the war."
The "great holocaust of the Jews" is actually a bit of prophecy from
ancient times.  Any big famine, flood, earthquake, or other major disaster
over the years, which claimed many Jewish victims, was suspected of being
this event.  When massive attrition of European Jews happened during World
War II, the holocaust meme merged with real events, and "The Holocaust"
was born, and after many decades of concerted trademark-building now has
name recognition right up there with the biggies like "Microsoft" and
The Holocaust justifies Israel's thuggery, extorts gold from Switzerland,
and rationalizes Draconian anti-free speech laws throughout most of
As the constantly varying repository of both true World War II lore, and
wild rumors that have not yet been proven completely bogus, the Holocaust
is its own operational definition, and tautologically incapable of being
"denied."  During the early 90's, the Holocaust came under a fairly severe
attack by scholars, and was only salvaged by a quick purge of obvious
nonsense by the Jewish Community, like soap, lampshades, and gas chambers
at Treblenka.
The Holocaust demonstrates that people will believe pretty much anything,
if you dig up mass graves, and push the bodies around with bulldozers
while speaking.
And in a world where people are so easily made to believe that Saddam
ordered 9/11, and that Al Queda was a Baghdad operation, the belief that 6
million Jews were herded into showers with gas-enabled nozzles naturally
It should be noted that even Steven Spielberg, when making the definitive
motion picture about the Holocaust, cut himself ample historical waffle
room by not showing a single Jew being gassed in a specific identifiable
location.  He contented himself with showing Jews nervously looking at
smoke rising from buildings, being separated into groups, and experiencing
anxiety based on rumors they had heard as to whether water would really
come out of the shower heads.  Regardless of what future historians decide
is the truth about how many were gassed, and at which camps, Spielberg's
legacy as not having made a fool of himself is assured.
The term "Holocaust Denier" is hurled at anyone who questions even the
most absurd insigificant detail of the historical record as approved and
promulgated by the ADL.  Much as the term "anti-Semite" is hurled at
anyone who dares to suggest that some people who happen to be Jewish might
act collectively in their own enlightened self-interest, or that Israel
shouldn't run over peace activists with bulldozers, and then smirk about
it later.
The Holocaust has had some surprising victories in court, mostly because
the Jewish community has spent millions goading and baiting a few high
profile individuals who criticized it, and then used anti-semitic remarks
deliberately provoked and elicited after whatever adademic work they were
targeting was written, to smear the author in court.  David Irving comes
to mind here.
"Holocaust Denier" is the neoconservative catch phrase for those
critically examining the historical record and Jewish political meddling,
just as "advocating the right of adults to have sex with children" is the
catch phrase for all criticism of right wing sex and porn laws, and "Who
is more dangerous to world peace, George Bush or Sadam Hussein?" is the
catch phrase used to harpoon anyone who criticizes the invasion of Iraq
and the Neoconservative World Order.
When I hear someone being called a "Holocaust Denier", my reaction is not
to think of that person as "loathsome", but rather to ask who is attacking
them with an agenda.

@_date: 2003-05-03 13:50:50
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Crypto-making vs Crypto-breaking 
Cypherpunks often think of Crypto as the state-killing technology which
will free us all from the clutches of inculcation in the collectivist
It should be noted, however, that advances in complexity theory or quantum
computing that would render cryptography useless, would also have a
detrimental effect on the state apparatus.
So I pose a question.  You have two boxes.  In the first is crypto so
powerful that it will keep peoples data safe for 1000 years, against all
advances in mathematics, with perfect forward secrecy.
In box number two is technology that will break any crypto designed by
mankind in the next 1000 years.
You are allowed to take the contents of one of the boxes, and publish it
on the Internet.  You wish to do maximum damage to the state, free the
Sheeple, enable Tim's libertopian vision of the future, crush totalitarian
centralized government, and make the world safe for flowers and other
living things.
Which box do you pick?  And why?

@_date: 2003-05-03 16:43:54
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Crypto-making vs Crypto-breaking 
Let's see.  The mint picks a prime, p, a generator, g, and a random number k, and publishes (p, g, g^k mod p).
The mint then signs stuff by raising it to the k power mod p, and not telling anyone what k is.
We blind coins by picking a random b, and sending the coin times g^b to
the mint, and after the mint raises it to the k power and sends it back,
we can reverse engineer coin^k.
Perhaps you'd care to publish your p, g, and g^k here on the list, so we can begin hacking them while you finish your pre-launch checkout. :)
(Does anyone recall the approximate equal difficulty ratio between bits  of factorization and bits of discrete log?)

@_date: 2003-05-03 17:45:55
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Crypto-making vs Crypto-breaking 
Yes, please humor me.  I do so yearn to be entertained.
I would exclude one-time pads equal in length to the message.  I would
include all public key crypto, and all use of symmetric block ciphers
where an attacker given both the correct key and a wrong key could tell
which was which.
Let's assume the "technology" in box two can do big exponential searches
almost instantly.
While government secrets may be of little importance to you, governments
might very well be harmed if all those years worth of secure phone
conversations, faxes, and other communications stored in the archives of various intelligence agencies were suddenly decrypted en masse and made public.  Consider the economic impact of SSL no longer hiding your credit card numbers from hackers, or ssh being no more secure than telnet.
The cost of having no secure communications without the parties meeting to exchange one-time pads generated by nuclear decay would run into the many billions.

@_date: 2003-05-04 09:10:41
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Crypto-making vs Crypto-breaking 
Let S be the set of all bitstrings.  Let, C, the set of all ciphers, be
the set of all finitely denumerable primitive recursive injections of S
into itself.  Let O, our oracle, associate with each M in C a map M', from
range(M) onto S, such that for x,y in S and y = M(x), x = M'(y).
Bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzt.  While we may without loss of generalization view O as
acting on bitstrings, by encoding the ciphers and their inverses, neither
the domain nor range of O is going to be the set of all bitstrings.  Ergo, we can not simply "choose" things based on the application of O to
bitstrings we arbitrarily construct.
Your proof can be fixed, of course, but I think you'll find that it boils
down to the usual diagonal argument that we can find a function on the
integers which is not primitive recursive, by ordering the countable set
of primitive recursive functions, and defining a new function that is for
an input of N, something other than the output of the Nth function for N.
As long as we restrict the ciphers to a countable set of "reasonable" computer programs which halt for all inputs and don't have neverending descriptions, the oracle exists, and your proof does not.

@_date: 2003-05-04 15:04:25
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Zundel's Mouth Declared Weapon of Mass Destruction 
The tale of Holocaust commentator Ernst Zundel has taken another strange
turn.  As you may know, Zundel is seeking political asylum in Canada,
after being run out of the US at gunpoint over an expired visitor's visa,
at the behest of Israeli sympathizers in the US state department.
Now his asylum hearing has been quashed by the Canadian government serving
his with a document declaring him a "national security risk."  The
certificate suspends his application for asylum, and permits him to be
deported after a secret hearing at the Federal Court.
The apparent goal of all of this is to deport Zundel to Germany, where he
may be charged under that nation's anti-free speech laws with saying
things that offend Jews.
Immigration Minister Denis Coderre said that Zundel was an individual
whose presence promotes violence.  It would seem to me that if Jews commit
violence because they do not like Mr. Zundel's comments, then the solution
would be to arrest the Jewish lawbreakers, as opposed to declaring Mr.  Zundel a national security threat.  No doubt I'll get death threats for
articulating that opinion.
Speaking of death threats, that's exactly what the Santa Rosa Junior
College's student newspaper, the "Oak Leaf" got after publishing a little
essay by Mark McGuire titled "Is anti-Semitism ever the result of Jewish
The newspaper had to close its offices, and board up its mail slot, amid
violent graphic death threats against the 19 year old student newspaper
editor, who has now been offered a police escort on campus.
Making death threats is supposed to be against the law, but again,
different rules apparently apply if you're a protected class.

@_date: 2003-05-08 18:03:09
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Collectivism in "community gardens" 
Here, in a city that shall remain unnamed, we have constant war between
the community gardeners and the city's homeless population.
The gardeners roust the homeless people in the morning by turning hoses on
them.  They then try to wash away the urine, feces, hypodermic needles,
and used condoms.  The homeless, meanwhile, find out where the gardeners
live, and place spit and other less mentionable homeless-generated organic
substances on their doorknobs and steps.
It's always amusing when some little old lady surprises a crack ho
performing oral sex on a customer in the middle of her plot.
Yet, very little is done about the problem, because that would be
discrimination against a whole slew of people we are told are

@_date: 2003-05-15 23:52:43
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Zero Knowledge in the Cave 
Nomen postulates:
A more interesting question would be:  If there is no connection between
the passageways, and if the explorer manages to pick the passage you are
going yell out correctly a large number of times, would you be better off
betting or not betting $1 against him being able to do it again at 1000:1

@_date: 2003-05-17 09:57:12
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: How Soon We Forget Our Freedoms 
I was just looking at the official rules for Pepsi's latest sweepstakes
and noticed the fine print about attending the prize drawing contains the
Credit card required for hotel check in.
Government issued photo-id required for air travel.
It's amazing how rapidly the new way of doing things gets assimilated into the popular culture, as if these things are perfectly reasonable and it's always been that way.
P.S. Whatever became of John Gilmore's lawsuit?

@_date: 2003-05-24 11:39:40
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Publishing Pork Data Decriminalized 
Regarding the ongoing "Justicefiles.org" brou-ha-ha.
Saturday, May 24, 2003
Judge: State silenced dissent
He strikes down law banning publication of personal info on police
By CANDACE HECKMAN
SEATTLE POST-INTELLIGENCER REPORTER
A federal judge has struck down a new state law that banned the
publication of such personal information about police, corrections and
court officers as their home addresses and Social Security numbers
without their permission.

@_date: 2003-05-24 17:49:25
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: [cs/0305035] P is not equal to NP (fwd) 
Jim Choate forwards:
P = NP, therefore, the paper contains at least one error.

@_date: 2003-05-25 14:21:03
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: [cs/0305035] P is not equal to NP (fwd) 
Perhaps on Choate Prime, a parallel planet similar to ours in many
respects, but differing in certain fundamental physical and mathematical
laws, Fermat never wrote his famous comment in the margin of the book.
Unlikely, you may say, but no more unlikely than having the fundamental
structure of complexity itself illuminated for us by a civil servant
working for the Social Security Administration, in his spare time.
We now return you to your regularly scheduled programming.  Spam.
Speaking of Spam, I created a Yahoo mail account, and subscribed it to
minder.  Yahoo's SpamGuard(tm) does a pretty good job of filtering most of
the drek into the bulk mail folder, with no false positives.  Nigerian
banking letters, and occasional other legitimate-at-first-glance things
still make into regular mail, but the spew of Viagra/Penis
Enlargement/You're PRe-Approved!/Watch me massage my twat on the Web/Hot
teens with farm animals!! posts is largely abated.  Posts from Choate
Prime can also be filtered into a separate folder for later enjoyment.

@_date: 2003-11-14 13:44:18
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Jews Go Nuclear 
So much for non-proliferation of "weapons of mass destruction", right?
Israel deploys nuclear arms in submarines
Peter Beaumont in London and Conal Urquhart in Jerusalem
Sunday October 12, 2003
The Observer
Israeli and American officials have admitted collaborating to deploy
US-supplied Harpoon cruise missiles armed with nuclear warheads in
Israel's fleet of Dolphin-class submarines, giving the Middle East's only
nuclear power the ability to strike at any of its Arab neighbours.

@_date: 2003-11-15 10:45:57
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Jews Go Nuclear 
You mean like the Jews blew up the Iranian nuclear reactor?
What make your think Israel will have to be nuked in order to respond with
its own nukes?  I should think anything that threatens Israel's existence
as a racist apartheid human rights violating state in perpetual contempt
for the will of the international community would serve as a sufficient
excuse for War Criminal Sharon to launch a nuclear attack.
After which, of course, AmeriKKKa's Neocon Dictator, George W. Bush, would
call a press conference to deliver the usual "Israel has a right to defend
itself" line, and order his UN ambassador to veto all security council
resolutions critical of Israel.  The EU would be critical, the Jews would
call them anti-Semites, and the US Congress would fall all over itself to
suport the action, fleeing in terror to avoid becoming targets of
AmeriKKKan jewish voters, and Zionist pressure groups.
In other words, business as usual.
Saudi Arabia is hardly untouchable.  It is simply not at the top of the
list.  The Neocons plan for all the Arab dominos to fall eventually.
AmeriKKKa needs to purge itself of external influence on its government
through covert non-foreign policy channels, especially by "Orientals."

@_date: 2003-11-28 22:33:02
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Airplane Comedy 
I'd love to see John Gilmore wear this on his next airline flight.

@_date: 2003-10-02 16:30:29
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: MRS. MARIAM ABACHA 
A new study of more than 65 countries published in the UK's New
Scientist magazine suggests that the happiest people in the world live
in Nigeria.
[Spending millions sent to them by Nigerian banking scam victims,  no doubt.  Har.]]

@_date: 2003-10-10 12:08:22
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: base conversion 
The algorithm you describe is linear, not log.  Complexity measures are a
function of the size of the input data set in bits.  In general, a large
integer M will require an input around N = LOG2(M) bits to represent.
A linear algorithm will take twice as long to process a 2 megabyte
integer, as it takes to process a 1 megabyte integer.
You ask whether there are linear algorithms for arbitrary precision base
I seem to recall that Schonhage showed how to do base conversion with an
FTT along with his well-known fast multiplication algorithm.
So my guess would be that there are no known linear arbitrary precision base conversion algorithms, but probably something O(n log(n))-ish as the best currently achievable. As usual, Google is your friend.
I think near-linear reciprocals, nth roots, and base conversions are covered in "Pi and the AGM" by the Borweins.  My copy is packed in a box somewhere, so I can't check.  Perhaps you can find the book at your local university library.

@_date: 2003-10-26 16:49:46
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: NSA Turns To Commercial Software For Encryption (fwd from   
Nonetheless, it's an indication that they don't think RSA has much of a
future.  So now they have a public key cryptosystem with smaller key
lengths, and a more obtuse one-way function that can't be understood by
Joe Schmo.
We shall see what this portends.

@_date: 2003-10-26 17:06:01
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: What Really Happened to Whatreallyhappened.com 
Everyone's favorite link farm of news stories which annoy Neocons, disappeared suddenly and has been unavailable for 2 days now.
Anyone know What Really Happened to it?
Hopefully just a minor hardware problem.

@_date: 2003-09-02 00:21:36
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: "Terror Reading" 
Every police state is enabled by the actions of thousands of little peons
(like Don Frederickson here), who insert themselves into things that are
none of their business, in order that they may feel that they are
important in the new scheme of things.
Indeed, baggage screeners, librarians, and operators of small mom and pop
ISPs do more damage to individual freedom than the uniformed jackboots do.
I am reminded of that scene in Roman Polanski's movie in which the hero
staggers out of the apartment where he has been hiding, and is pursued out
the building by a middle-aged woman screaming - "Stop him, He's a Jew!"
Replace suspected Jew by Terrorist, Child Molester, Drug Dealer, or Money
Launderer, and you basically have the current climate for neighbor on
neighbor snooping here in AmeriKKKa.
Indeed, the hallmark of the Neocon climate of fear we current live under
is the successful exportation of the technology of critic silencing
formerly found only in areas such as Holocaust Promotion or the Sex Abuse
Agenda to every facet of our everyday lives.
The new rule for personal political speech seems to be - "Don't tip your
hand until you have the firepower to defend yourself."

@_date: 2003-09-07 12:49:05
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Cathedra and the Bizarre: Why Free Stuff is Good 
Tim Philosophizes:
I believe "Free" to be very different than "Open Source", particularly
open source under viral licensing agreements like the GPL.
My perfect example of free software is the quadratic formula.  I don't
have to pay anyone to use it.  I may use it for any purpose whatsoever,
including commercial applications.  Using it does not obligate me in any
way, or legally encumber any product which includes it.  The knowlege of
it is so widespread that were it to be lost, someone would quickly
reconstruct it and spread it around again.
IT has lots of free things.  Most computer science is free.  I don't have
to mail Andrew Tanenbaum a check if I write an OS, even if I use his book
to design it.  Knuth's books are free.  etc...
I'm a big fan of free.  Free works.  Free is like Pandora's box.  Once
opened, the stuff cannot be put back in.  Ever.
I am less of a fan of schemes like the GPL, which seek to impose a set of contagious terms on anything touched by the knowlege.  True scientific inquiry is always driven purely by intellectual curiosity.
Salary is just how you eat and pay the bills.  Understanding the essential nature of apparently complex things is its own reward.
"Yes, I am Paracelsus.  Would you believe I've been cooking this large vat of feces for 6 months?"
"I showed the correspondence between Tarot Trumps and Paths on the Tree of "I wrote the Copronomicon."
"We must stop discrimination against Druids."
Of course my point here is that with minor exceptions, most really great
innovations are unappreciated by the public, and may in fact go
unappreciated by all but a very small number of people working in ones
subspecialty at the time they are announced.
So I think the non-tangible rewards from employers argument for innovation
fails.  Smart people do innovative things because of their intrinsic
coolness, even if no one else in the world can appreciate them.
If you can't do whatever you like with it, it's not free.  Period.
Secure anonymous digital money will never win out over easy to use, good buddies with Homeland Security systems like Paypal in the wide adoption Olympics.
This is a dead horse that continues to be beaten on this list.
Chaum's ideas were the JPEG Arithmetic Coding of the digital money spec.
They suffered from two faults.  One, they had legal restrictions.  Two, other things that were almost as good didn't have legal restrictions.
If Chaum wanted fame and fortune, he should have started eBay.

@_date: 2003-09-09 12:19:01
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Attention Sheeple 
Saw this while browsing the Web this morning.  I loved it.
Want to See the World Implode
by Jim Donahue
I'd like to see some real hell unleashed in the upcoming year.
I want a briefcase full of weaponized toxins to explode in front of the
New York Stock Exchange. I want to see political assassinations take place
all over Amerika, melee assassinations, live on television during a press
conference. I want power outages to roll their way through the
countryside, from Boston to D.C. to Miami to Dallas to Los Angeles to San
Francisco to Seattle and back again. I want the economy to collapse into a
pile of green ashes. I want 401(k) plans and IRAs and mutual fund
investments to disappear. I want the twelve Federal Reserve Bank branches
to go up in flames.
I want new laws, more laws, bigger laws. I want laws that prohibit smoking
in public, in private, on the high seas, and on the moon. I want drug laws
that will put a high school student in the electric chair for smoking a

@_date: 2003-09-12 16:36:39
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Another Cypherpunks Investigation? 
"Professor Rat" goes to his own folder in my Procmail script.  I
occasionally skim it, but mostly I just delete it when it expands to many
I hope this isn't going to be another one of those cases where some
federal judge reads list messages completely out of context, and concludes
that some plot is afoot to blow up the federal government.
Perhaps Professor Rat is a federal agent hoping to bait some list member
into publicly cheering when he criticizes high-ranking public officials.
Or perhaps Professor Rat just made the mistake of playing Paintball on the weekends while subscribed to the Cypherpunks list. Allusions work, like "the coke-snorting C student who drove his car
drunk into somebody's hedge."
I wouldn't necessarily leap to the conclusion Professor Rat lives in Australia.  Perhaps he just has has a shell there.

@_date: 2003-09-20 18:27:03
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Drunken US Troops Kill Rare Tiger 
News services are reporting that US Troops, who have been holding regular
drunken parties at the Baghdad Zoo, have shot and killed the Zoo's rare
Bengal tiger.
It seems not only civilians are in danger from US Troops in the Occupied
Iraqi Territories.
In my opinion, the tiger was worth more than all the US Troops currently
occupying Iraq.  An occupation in violation of international law as part
of Shrub's unprovoked War of Aggression to settle his family grudge with
Saddam Hussein, control the world's oil supply, and take out one of the
two regimes that refused to pressure the Palestinians to make peace on
Israel's terms.
A few years ago, I said there were no civilians in Israel, and therefore
no retaliation by the Palestinians against Israeli military aggression
could be considered a terrorist act.
If AmeriKKKa freely re-elects Shrub, because Americans admire his bullying
the rest of the world, and the American people freely support and fund
such activities as the Pax AmeriKKKana, and unprovoked wars of aggression,
then it's probably true there are no civilians in AmeriKKKa either.
I no longer consider 9/11 a terrorist act.
Some URLs on the tiger...

@_date: 2003-09-22 10:07:38
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Democracy and Freedom 
Freedom is the ability to conduct ones affairs, and pursue ones goals,
without interference from government.
Democracy is the right of the government to impose the will of 51% of your
neighbors on you by force every time the neighbors don't like what you are
I am constantly surprised and amazed that there are people on this list
who think democracy and freedom are the same thing.
The ideal government is dictatorship, under the ideal dictator.

@_date: 2004-04-10 14:33:39
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Gmail as Blacknet (legally required forgetting) 
There are different levels of illegal.  The most important one is the
statute of limitations on suing the individual, and converting the
delinquent debt into a judgment, with which assets can be forcibly seized.
This varies by state, and also varies by whether there is a contracted for
amount in writing, such as a loan or mortgage, or whether the debt is an
"open account", which would cover revolving charge accounts with retail
establishments, and also in most states, credit cards.
A typical statute of limitations for open accounts is 3 years.  Contracts
can go up to 10 years, depending on where you reside.
You can still be sued over any debt, but you can move to dismiss if the
statute of limitations has expired.
The other axis of debt is "reporting", which is how long the credit
bureaus and other organizations which keep files on you can tell other
people about the debt.  This is typically 7 years for delinquencies, and
10 years for bankruptcies and judgments.  This only applies to reporting
for credit purposes.  Nothing is ever expunged from your credit file.  The file is simply redacted according to who is requesting it.  LEAs, and
also in certain cases employers, can see your entire credit file from day
one, with information you have contested, and an audit trail of possibly
successful attempts to have it "removed."
Now, as far as collection practices go, there is absolutely nothing to
prevent your basic brand name credit card company with which you have a 20
year old delinquency, from offering you a financial product which includes
re-affirming all or part of an old debt, even one which has been
discharged through bankruptcy. For instance, they can offer you a new gold card with your charged off
balance on it, forgive all the interest and fees since charge off, charge
no interest, and give you 50 cents on every dollar paid off added to your
credit line, and free tickets to the Super Bowl, all "PRE_APPROVED."
This can do this with money you owe them, or with a delinquent account
they have purchased from someone else in the marketplace.
THe only restriction is that they cannot report you paid off the old debt
to the credit bureaus, if it is over 7 years delinquent.
In almost all cases, you're an idiot to accept such an offer, of course. So, as you see, all of this is a bit more complex than it being "illegal"  to collect on anything over 7 years.  They can't win a lawsuit.  They
can't call you at 2 AM in the morning to bitch if you send them a "cease
and desist" notice.  But they can certainly trade your antique debt in the
debt marketplace, and anyone who buys it is free to think up all the
clever ways they can invent in order to seduce you to pay it off, before
selling it at an even greater discount to the next lowest level of the
delinquent debt food chain.
Now, occasionally, states Attorneys General get after companies who try and collect on old debts.  I remember a few years ago, American Express got some flack over its practice of letting people who went through bankruptcy keep their American Express Cards if they re-affirmed the balance.  It is, however, a largely unregulated industry, aside from an occasional

@_date: 2004-04-11 12:41:03
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: BBC: File-sharing to bypass censorship 
Eugen Leitl pastes:
I think the problem here is that material which John Ashcroft, Jerry
Falwell, and Pat Robertson think is wicked, may not be what Ross Anderson
or I think is wicked.  After all, to some people Howard Stern is
disgusting and obscene.  To others, he is merely witty and slightly
Well, it's good to know Professor Anderson values the opinion of an
organization that won't even use the term "child pornography" to refer to
the things that offend Ashcroft, Falwell, and Robertson, but demands
everyone use terms like "pictures of children being abused" and "child
abuse pictures."
As those who flog the Sex Abuse Agenda are well aware, 90% of successful
propaganda is owning the vocabulary.  I am reminded of the changing of the
term "statutory rape" to "child rape" a few years ago, which I am sure we
will all agree is a less than accurate description of a 20 year old who
has consensual sex with a streetwise 17 year old crack whore.
I think Hakin Bey's suggestion that plastering pictures of naked children everywhere is a great form of political theatre has merit.  All the right wing crackpots will have to hide in their homes to avoid having strokes, and the well-balanced representatives of the Forces of Reason can finally live their lives in peace and quiet. Perhaps we can have Public Service Announcements by the Coalition for a Prude-Free AmeriKKKa.
"This is Timmy.  This is TImmy's cock.  This is Timmy's cock in Billy's mouth.  Any questions?"

@_date: 2004-04-11 12:58:50
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: On Needing Killing 
Words depend greatly on context.  The meaning of words here on the Cypherpunks list, is different than their meaning in the New York Times. If someone said "up the chimneys with the inner-city welfare mutants" in the New York Times, there would be mass rioting in the streets.
I find this with a lot of my stuff that gets taken from this list and
posted in places that I would have written it much differently for, had
those places been its original destination.
So - what happened to Tim?  Can I be the list's new Crusty Retired Engineer now?

@_date: 2004-04-15 11:02:53
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: US Brings Freedom of Expression to Iraq 
For extra credit, try to find even one mainstream newspaper in AmeriKKKa's
Rah Rah "free" press in which this international wireservice story is
See the Neocons argue that because the story only appears in the Arab
press, it can't be true.  Hey, it worked with Accused Jewish War Criminal
Ariel Sharon's "The Jewish people control AmeriKKKa" remarks.
Somehow, I don't think beating people and bulldozing their houses and
businesses every time some writing or image the US chooses to characterize as "anti-Coalition" is spotted, does much to further the US message that we are bringing "democracy" to Iraq, and that those opposed to our behavior "hate our freedoms."
It's too bad an alien power can't just lift all 157,000 US troops and associated military hardware from Iraq, compact it into a cube, and drop it on the White House lawn for Shrub to explain to the AmeriKKKan people.
I once said "there are no civilians in Israel, not even the babies" after
the Jewish people re-elected Accused War Criminal and Egregious Human
Rights Violator Ariel Sharon in an overwhelming landslide,
enthusiastically supporting his defiance of International Law, and
deliberate oppression of the Palestinian people.
If the AmeriKKKan people re-elect George W. Bush, who has made a mockery
of the UNited Nations, started a war of conquest based on deliberate lies,
in violation of International Law, with complete contempt for the wishes
of the world community, I don't suppose there'll be any civilians in
AmeriKKKa either, and therefore, it will be impossible to label any
destructive act committed against the US, either at home or abroad, as
KUT, Iraq (AFP) - An Iraqi has died of his wounds after US troops beat
him with truncheons because he refused to remove a picture of wanted
Shiite Muslim leader Moqtada al-Sadr from his car, police said
The motorist was stopped late Tuesday by US troops conducting search
operations on a street in the central city of Kut, Lieutenant Mohamad
Abdel Abbas told AFP.
After the man refused to remove al-Sadr's picture from his car, the
soldiers forced him out of the vehicle and started beating him with
truncheons, he said.
US troops also detained from the same area five men wearing black
pants and shirts, the usual attire of al-Sadr's Mehdi Army militiamen
and followers.
Qassem Hassan, the director of Kut general hospital, identified the
man as Salem Hassan, a resident of a Kut suburb.
He said the man had died of wounds sustained in the beating.

@_date: 2004-04-16 12:53:58
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: US Brings Freedom of Expression to Iraq 
I just grabbed a transcript of Osama's remarks and read them.  He raises a
number of valid objections to US and Jewish behavior, and seems to have a
much better grasp of reality than Shrub does.
Osama Bin Laden's Offer For Peace
Apr 17, 2004
JUS News Desk
Editors Note: Here is the complete transcript of Osams bin Laden's latest
address as translated by BBC in which he calls for peace with European
counrries on the basis that they withdraw from the lands of the Muslims
and stop spilling Muslims blood.
We remind our viewers that the statements, opinions and points of view
expressed in this article are those of the author and shall not be deemed
to mean that they are necessarily those of Jihad Unspun, the publisher,
editor, writers, contributors or staff.
Complete Statement Of Osama Bin Laden Address to the European Countries
Praise be to Almighty God; Peace and prayers be upon our Prophet Muhammad,
his family, and companions.
This is a message to our neighbours north of the Mediterranean, containing
a reconciliation initiative as a response to their positive reactions.
Praise be to God; praise be to God; praise be to God who created heaven
and earth with justice and who allowed the oppressed to punish the
oppressor in the same way.
Peace upon those who followed the right path: In my hands there is a
message to remind you that justice is a duty towards those whom you love
and those whom you do not. And people's rights will not be harmed if the
opponent speaks out about them. The greatest rule of safety is justice,
and stopping injustice and aggression. It was said: Oppression kills the
oppressors and the hotbed of injustice is evil. The situation in occupied
Palestine is an example. What happened on 11 September [2001] and 11 March
{the Madrid train bombings] is your commodity that was returned to you.
It is known that security is a pressing necessity for all mankind. We do
not agree that you should monopolise it only for yourselves. Also,
vigilant people do not allow their politicians to tamper with their
security. Having said this, we would like to inform you that labelling us
and our acts as terrorism is also a description of you and of your acts.
Reaction comes at the same level as the original action. Our acts are
reaction to your own acts, which are represented by the destruction and
killing of our kinfolk in Afghanistan, Iraq and Palestine.
The act that horrified the world; that is, the killing of the old,
handicapped [Hamas spiritual leader] Sheikh Ahmed Yassin, may God have
mercy on him, is sufficient evidence.
We pledge to God that we will punish America for him, God willing. Which
religion considers your killed ones innocent and our killed ones
worthless? And which principle considers your blood real blood and our
blood water? Reciprocal treatment is fair and the one who starts injustice
bears greater blame.
As for your politicians and those who have followed their path, who insist
on ignoring the real problem of occupying the entirety of Palestine and
exaggerate lies and falsification regarding our right in defence and
resistance, they do not respect themselves. They also disdain the blood
and minds of peoples. This is because their falsification increases the
shedding of your blood instead of sparing it.
Moreover, the examining of the developments that have been taking place,
in terms of killings in our countries and your countries, will make clear
an important fact; namely, that injustice is inflicted on us and on you by
your politicians, who send your sons - although you are opposed to this -
to our countries to kill and be killed.
Therefore, it is in both sides' interest to curb the plans of those who
shed the blood of peoples for their narrow personal interest and
subservience to the White House gang. We must take into consideration that
this war brings billions of dollars in profit to the major companies,
whether it be those that produce weapons or those that contribute to
reconstruction, such as the Halliburton Company, its sisters and
Based on this, it is very clear who is the one benefiting from igniting
this war and from the shedding of blood. It is the warlords, the
bloodsuckers, who are steering the world policy from behind a curtain.
As for President Bush, the leaders who are revolving in his orbit, the
leading media companies and the United Nations, which makes laws for
relations between the masters of veto and the slaves of the General
Assembly, these are only some of the tools used to deceive and exploit
peoples. All these pose a fatal threat to the whole world.
The Zionist lobby is one of the most dangerous and most difficult figures
of this group. God willing, we are determined to fight them. Based on the
above, and in order to deny war merchants a chance and in response to the
positive interaction shown by recent events and opinion polls, which
indicate that most European peoples want peace, I ask honest people,
especially ulema, preachers and merchants, to form a permanent committee
to enlighten European peoples of the justice of our causes, above all
Palestine. They can make use of the huge potential of the media.
I also offer a reconciliation initiative to them, whose essence is our
commitment to stopping operations against every country that commits
itself to not attacking Muslims or interfering in their affairs -
including the US conspiracy on the greater Muslim world. This
reconciliation can be renewed once the period signed by the first
government expires and a second government is formed with the consent of
both parties.
The reconciliation will start with the departure of its last soldier from
our country. The door of reconciliation is open for three months of the
date of announcing this statement.
For those who reject reconciliation and want war, we are ready. As for
those who want reconciliation, we have given them a chance. Stop shedding
our blood so as to preserve your blood. It is in your hands to apply this
easy, yet difficult, formula. You know that the situation will expand and
increase if you delay things. If this happens, do not blame us - blame
yourselves. A rational person does not relinquish his security, money and
children to please the liar of the White House.
Had he been truthful about his claim for peace, he would not describe the
person who ripped open pregnant women in Sabra and Shatila [reference to
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon] and the destroyer of the capitulation
process [reference to the Palestinian-Israeli peace process] as a man of
He also would not have lied to people and said that we hate freedom and
kill for the sake of killing. Reality proves our truthfulness and his lie.
The killing of the Russians was after their invasion of Afghanistan and
Chechnya; the killing of Europeans was after their invasion of Iraq and
Afghanistan; and the killing of Americans on the day of New York
{reference to 11 September] was after their support of the Jews in
Palestine and their invasion of the Arabian Peninsula.
Also, killing them in Somalia was after their invasion of it in Operation
Restore Hope. We made them leave without hope, praise be to God.
It is said that prevention is better than cure. A happy person is he who
learns a lesson from the experience of others.
Heeding right is better than persisting in falsehood.
Peace be upon those who follow guidance.
   Osama bin Laden
   25 Safar 1425
   April 15, 2004

@_date: 2004-04-17 18:12:30
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Usenet Dead. Film at 11 
RAH clipped:
There used to be a service called "Boypics", which thumbnailed and decoded
all of Usenet's picture newsgroups for easy Web access.  I think they
ultimately closed down after prosecutorial grumbling, although they were
just yet another way of reading Usenet, and didn't monitor content, nor
log what their users looked at.
The indemnity of Usenet providers over content becomes a considerably more
grey area if the Usenet content is processed to some form other than
articles, even if that processing is done mechanically, without peeking at
what is being processed.
Well, of course, it shouldn't matter if they "know."  I mean, everyone who
has a router through which an uncensored Usenet feed passes "knows"  illegal porn and warez are included.  That doesn't make them "madams of
the child porn bordello", to borrow a colorful phrase from the Landslide
It's clear that the current administration would like to corral Usenet.  This is the first appearance under the tent of something which resembles
the nose of a camel.
Right.  That was the Dennis Vacco nonsense, when he announced that he had
singlehanded stopped an "International Child POrn Ring" and that "Pedo
University" was a real organization.  He lost the election.
When it became evident that they were going to investigate the two
companies Vacco had attacked forever and cost them as much money as they
could, they rolled over, which was good for them as individual
corporations, but bad for the "larger picture."
You should look at the policy of Giganews over child porn.  They say call
the FBI.  They are not qualified to determine what it and is not child
porn.  I imagine this is true of most ISPs.  I'd hate to think sysadmins
would need to sit and view pictures all day trying to decide the age of
the participants.
Yes, send the owners of an age verification service to prison for life
because two of their sites not located in the US were alleged to have
child porn.
Again, this is an example of people who were told by the best legal advice
they could obtain that they weren't liable for content getting screwed
over by a jury and a prosecutorial performance that belonged on the Jerry
Springer show.
My take on Landslide is apparently enjoying a life of its own on the Web.
The feds are still grepping the Reedy's customer list by country, and
trying to browbeat foreign LEAs into running around searching peoples
computers and taking their children away.  Aside from the UK, where
pedo-bashing is a national sport, there appear to be few takers.
These festivities are called "Operation Ore", by the way.  And the news
stories are replete with factual errors, calling everyone who had an age
verification code from Landslide, a "person who paid to access child porn
on the Internet," for instance.
Of course, if you'll lie to start a war in Iraq, you'll probably lie about
This is the new crime the Feebs are trying to fabricate.  "Paying for
access to child porn."  This is a step beyond even possession laws, and
could be used to put people in prison for just having a subscription to an
ISP or USenet provider that carries an uncensored fed, or owning an adult
check code that allows access to a single offsore web site which may not
even be illegal in the country that hosts it.
Bear in mind, that the Feebs had no way of telling if any of the 250,000
Landslide customers had looked at anything illegal under US law, or what
sites they had visited.  ALl the convictions in the case from from the
Feebs trolling the customer list trying to sell their own child porn.
So clearly, the next step is to criminalize merely being able to view
child porn if one wished to, whether or not any actual viewing takes
"If it saves just one child."
Kind of like Saddam Hussein's "intent to create weapons of mass
destruction-related programs activities", or whatever the current bar for
justifying Iraq is set at.
Well, one fights porn with fear.  Never clearly articulating what the
rules are by any objective criteria, and slowly pushing the envelope in
the direction you want.
The obvious intention here is to scare ISPs out of carrying Usenet.
Or at least, to force them to block groups whose names suggest they might carry illegal material.  And as we know, this will rapidly lead to a Usenet where all porn and warez are posted to rec.pets.cats. :)

@_date: 2004-04-28 12:57:26
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Lowering the Bar for Threats 
Federal Prosecutors say the conviction of Matthew Hale on charges
including trying to have a federal judge killed sends an important
message.  But don't they always?
The "plot" to kill the federal judge in this case consisted of a recorded
conversation with an FBI Informant which went something like this...
FBI Shill:  Are we gonna exterminate the rat?
Hale:  I'm going to fight within the law and, but, ... if you wish to,
       ah, do anything, yourself, you can. Uh, right.
Emboldened by their latest success in pushing the envelope, the Feebs now
plan to monitor so-called "Hate Sites" more closely, and warn that under
the new standards, simply publishing someone's address could be considered
a murder threat.
Meanwhile, a man totally unconnected with the case is under 24 hour Feeb protection because he has the same name as the aforementioned FBI Shill, and someone posted his address on the Web by mistake.
Murder plotting is easy.  Comedy is hard.  In other threat related news, a 15 year high school freshman in Washington was questioned by the Secret Circus after a portfolio of drawings he turned in featured an armed Middle Eastern man holding an oversized Shrub head on a stick.  We can all thank God he didn't publish the President's address.
So apparently, if someone asks me if I plan to kill the President, and I
reply that I intend to conform my behavior to all the requirements of the
law, but that I wouldn't cry uncontrollably if Shrub were dropped by
parachute into a mob of screaming Iraqi women with cleavers, that's
apparently good for a long prison sentence these days.
I wonder how long it will be until Americans get their houses pushed over with bulldozers for criticizing the government.  Probably at least until after the election.

@_date: 2004-04-30 01:50:41
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Lowering the Bar for Threats 
So the story is that the FBI Shill solicited murder, and Hale made the
mistake of saying the equivalent of "um hmmm."
I'm so unimpressed.
Hale didn't initiate anything.  It seems to me that one shouldn't be able
to get convicted in a free country when someone working for the government
comes to you with plans for a crime, just because you didn't denounce them
loudly enough while being recorded.
To quote a favorite poster of mine in alt.abuse.recovery...
   "``Failure to Condemn'' is an age-old tactic--a dirty trick,     actually--used to smear somebody by association when you can't      actually get anything concrete on him. I know this one backwards     and forwards; it's been used on me dozens of times."
The Sheeple have been well-trained to use the legal process to screw
anyone with racist views.  Juries in such trials have admitted aftwards
that they were proud of imprisoning people because of their racist views,
and awarding their property to do-gooders on flimsy evidence.
Yes.  FBI Shills should stop doing that.
Wars are won by superior weaponry, not by superior essays.  What are you
going to do, throw your pen at them, stamp your feet, and threaten to hold
your breath until you turn blue?
As I've said many times, "What the world needs is a fifty dollar weapon
that sinks aircraft carriers."
AmeriKKKa is founded on the principle that they are most easily governed,
who believe that they govern themselves.
People need to learn that a voting choice between "evil" and "slightly
less evil" does not a democracy make.
I look forward to proclaiming after the upcoming presidential election
that "There are no civilians in AmeriKKKa."

@_date: 2004-08-19 23:50:03
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Another John Young Sighting 
Was that our John Young on the Daily Show, talking about being
visited by FBI agents, with the title "Anarchist" under his name?

@_date: 2004-08-24 17:56:40
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Another John Young Sighting 
Sounds like the Discordian concept that everyone is a Pope, and therefore infallible, even when they disagree with one another.
Hail Eris.

@_date: 2004-01-01 00:14:10
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Quantum Loop Gravity Be For Whitey 
Tim May observes:
In the real world, a society can not consist 100% of chip designers.  It
also requires cooks, toilet and floor scrubbers, and people who lug
concrete in wheelbarrows up stairs.
This is no problem in a society with an explicit class system.  You just
assign jobs to people based on their social class, with the untouchables
getting the shit-hauling and scrubbing jobs, and the more attractive jobs
going to their betters. Some countries, like the US and Japan, have as a
part of their political doctrine that everyone has the opportunity to be
wealthy and successful, so they can't openly have a class system.  Of
course, they still need one to determine who gets the shit-hauling jobs,
and the usual method of doing this is to hide the class system in the
education system.  Now you don't get the shit-hauling job because you are
an untouchable.  You get it because you "didn't do well"  in school, or
you "dropped out, and "you could have been successful if you had just
tried harder."
Of course, it's a zero sum game.  The bottom X% will always be
shit-haulers, and the school is just making the proles fight with each
other over who those shit-haulers will be.  The fact is that the society
can't make everyone successful, and the success of the few is at the
expense of the failure of the many, determined by the uncompensated rat
race and endless toil on the wheel of public education.
The US is an excellent example of this.  The AFT and NEA together are the
biggest labor organization in the country.  THe school system functions
not to educate, but as a tool of inculcation in collectivist thinking, and
a awarder of certificates which give one the right to work.
Schools don't educate, but merely serve as a filter for employers to
locate those individuals who aren't going to make trouble at the factory.
A well known experiment is to take some 10th graders, and divide them
randomly into two groups.  Send one to college, and make the others finish
the remaining two years of high school.  THere will be no statistically
significant difference in their college performance, thus demonstrating
that public schools do not teach, but merely act as filters through which
only the most talented and sociable can pass.
Now, minorities in this country, including almost all Asians, and quite a
few blacks, have gotten with this program that "education is the way out
of poverty," and have successfully turned the vicious education-based
class system to their advantage, by trying to beat the dominant class at
their own game, with varying degrees of success.  This has required them
to refrain from criticizing the system itself, because no one wins a
beauty contest by having a bad attitude.
I think that mentality is changing, and when you hear comments like
"Reading be for whitey," what is being said is not that literacy and
calculus and physics and chemistry are bad, in and of themselves, but that
a system which rewards only "getting ahead by playing along" is not a
arena in which these people choose to compete.
Learning by doing is always vastly superior to learning by listening to
someone else talk about doing.
Now in a world where most jobs are not skilled people individually
producing something in demand, but are the very lowest form of
commoditized labor, the opportunity to screw such dissenters probably
exceeds their ability to avoid being sent made to the back of the line.
Nonetheless, I think we do such people a disservice when we attribute
their dislike of the education business to some sort of culturally
ingrained sloth, and characterize them as looking to live on handouts of
other peoples tax money.

@_date: 2004-07-06 11:28:41
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: UBL is George Washington 
Doesn't hitting a world financial center impede the funding of imperialism?
If you apply the same standards the US uses to classify dual use infrastructure, and organizations "linked to" the enemy, I think the WTC is pretty high on the target list. The US bombed water treatment plants, electrical facilities, and bridges in Iraq.  Certainly not military targets either.

@_date: 2004-07-16 10:30:20
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: US Seeks Bobby Fischer Extradition 
Now that AmeriKKKa has successfully invaded the sovereign nation of Iraq in
violation of international law, tortured with impunity, and mocked the rest of the
world with its arrogance, what will it do for an encore?
Settle old political scores, of course.
So it comes as no surprise that the US has had former world chess champion Bobby
FIscher arrested in Japan, and is seeking his extradition to the United States.
Seems in 1992, Mr. Fischer played in the world chess championship in Yugoslavia
which was under UN sanctions prohibiting people from engaging in a "business
enterprise" there.  The US, which has a long history of creatively interpreting UN
resolutions to suit its own ends, decided unilaterally that this prohibition applied
to sporting events, a view held by no other nation in the world.
After Fischer won the match, a federal grand jury indicted him, and he was magically
transformed from world chess champion into a fugutive facing 10 years in prison and
a $250,000 fine.
Unable to protect his business and personal interests in the United States as a
fugitive, his belongings in the US were stolen, and his chess books were freely
reproduced in violation of his copyright, depriving him of the rightful income from
his intellectual property.
Another reason Mr. Fischer's life was magically transformed to shit.  He's openly
critical, as any sane person would be, of Israel and the Jews.  And as we know, you
can't do that and be a public figure in AmeriKKKa without being attacked, although
to even suggest that this is the case instantly gets one accused of "hate speech."
So it should be interesting to see how this case unfolds, in a country where Martha Stewart can go to prison for lying, but Colin Powell can't.

@_date: 2004-06-11 10:31:07
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Reverse Scamming 419ers 
I visited that 419eaters site, and I must say I have really mixed feelings
about what the people are doing there.
It's certainly unethical for Nigerians to try and make a living by bilking
foreigners with elaborate schemes that promise vast riches in return for an
advance fee.
But Nigeria is a very poor country, with high unemployment, where people are forced by economic circumstances to do almost anything to try and feed their families.  I see no reason to be proud of reverse-scamming a Nigerian out of $80 when it might be his entire family's food money for the month.
Only idiots fall for Nigerian Spam. (well, aside from that lady who worked at a bank, and sent some Nigerian $1.3 million of the bank's money)
It seems to me the relationship between affluent Americans and poor Nigerians is an example of a dominant class/subordinate class structure, and in such a structure, the subordinate class has rights, and the dominant class has responsibilities.
It is beneath the station of those those with the power to define, describe, and profile the world to pick the pocket of some poor black man in Africa, while encouraging him to pose for funny pictures that will be laughed at on some comfortably well off white person's web site.

@_date: 2004-06-11 11:34:53
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Reverse Scamming 419ers 
Email is free.  That is why we have a spam problem.  If email required 37
cent stamps, it would be no more annoying than junk snailmail.
I would suspect that after initial contact is made, and a "fee" is
transferred, part of that money can be used to fund the appearance of the
scam, and still make a profit.
I think this sort of scamming is a very highly leveraged activity, with an
occasional large payoff, like playing a slot machine with the overall odds
slightly in your favor.  It probably doesn't take too much before these guys
are out in the street with nothing.
Given the number of people worldwide currently in that situation, I probably
won't behave in ways that increase it, even if the person in question is
trying to pick my pocket.
Visionary Philosophers should have higher moral standards than the scum of
the earth.

@_date: 2004-06-11 11:41:06
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Reverse Scamming 419ers 
I think we've identified another applicant on the short list for Tim May's old job. :)

@_date: 2004-06-17 23:48:47
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: AOL and Ellison Kiss and Make Up 
You may remember back in 2000, former literary icon turned copyright pest
Harlan Ellison sued AOL because people were able to access a couple of his
short stories in the Usenet newsgroup alt.binaries.e-book, prompting AOL to
block the newsgroup on its servers.
This earned Ellison a Big Brother award, which he no doubt keeps next to his
Hugo for ""'Repent, Harlequin!' Said the Ticktockman," a story about slavery
to punctuality and mindless conformity.
At the time, I said that if Harlan would send me an address, I would be more
than happy to send him money everytime I read one of his stories on the
Internet for free.
AOL originally got a summary judgment dismissing Harlan's claims, but Harlan
appealed, and the summary judgment was partially reversed, leaving open the
possibility of a trial in which AOL would have to defend its role as a
"passive conduit" for Internet data.
Well, it now appears the parties have reached a settlement, and a joint
press release has been issued, in which Ellison opines...
  <<"Through this litigation, I have come to realize that AOL
   respects the rights of authors and artists, and has a comprehensive
   system for addressing the complaints of copyright holders. I would not
   have settled this case if I were not sure that AOL is doing what it can
   do to fight online piracy. Because not all Internet service providers
   are as responsible as AOL, and because individual acts of online piracy
   continue, I am glad to have called attention to the problem of online
   piracy through this litigation. As promised, I will be repaying every
   cent of the monies contributed to the KICK Internet Piracy Fund by
   writers and readers.">>
You can read the whole blurb at...
Harlan still doesn't get that it was not a useful thing to get an entire
newsgroup blocked over four of his stories, and that like the xeroxing of
paperback books, his unhappiness is best addressed not by jackbooted
persecution of copyright violators, but by making the works widely available
at a reasonable price so people will not have an incentive to reproduce them
by other means.
Perhaps we can all donate to a fund to buy Harlan a clue.

@_date: 2004-06-21 09:52:44
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Citizen Units Must Give Names 
One used to have the right to be known by any name one wished, as long as
one did not do so for the purpose of committing fraud, or impersonating
someone else.
One certainly has an absolute right to refuse to speak to a government employee when accosted.  So it is difficult to understand the Court's "reasoning" in this case.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A divided U.S. Supreme Court ruled on Monday that
people are required to identify themselves when asked to do so by police,
and rejected arguments that it violates their constitutional rights to
privacy and to remain silent.

@_date: 2004-06-24 09:57:10
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Respect for the Judiciary 
I wonder if any such noises were heard during the Jim Bell trial.
JUNE 24--While seated on the bench, an Oklahoma judge used a male enhancement pump, shaved and oiled his nether region, and pleasured himself, state officials charged yesterday in a petition to remove the jurist.
Visitors to Thompson's Creek County courtroom reported hearing a "swooshing" sound coming from the bench, a noise the court reporter said "sounded like a blood pressure cuff being pumped up."

@_date: 2004-03-30 10:22:35
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: The Gilmore Dimissal 
It's really getting to the point where judges don't even go through the
motions of respecting the Constitution any more.  All they have to do is
recite the magic words that "Society's Overwhelming Interest" in
protecting its children, police officers, kitty cats, or whatever,
overrides whatever Constitutional issues there are.
So of course, society's interest in protecting police officers allows New
Orleans police to search your home or business at any time, for any
reason, or for no reason at all.  As long as the cop mumbles something
about making sure he's safe.
Similarly, society's interest in ensuring the safety of airline passengers
allows ID to be demanded and searches, and anyways, your right to freely
travel is not being impeded, because there's always Greyhound.  Of course,
they can stop the bus and search everyone on it at will too.
These problems stem directly from the horrible mistake, many years ago in
the early days of our Republic, of letting what the Constitution says be
what the judiciary claims the Constitution says, as opposed to what the
Constitution itself states, thus giving the Judicial branch of government
absolute power over the Legislative and Executive branches.
As George Wallace once stated, "The country is run by thugs and federal

@_date: 2004-03-30 12:44:02
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: The Gilmore Dimissal 
I believe that the intent of the Founding Fathers was that an armed
populace would be familiar with the letter of the Constitution, and
tolerate no creative reinterpretation of it by any of the three branches
of Guv'mint.
He rehabiliated himself through terrible suffering, repented his racist
views, and made friends with Jesse Jackson.  People can change.  I can
still remember from back in the 60's Mike Wallace reporting with a
perfectly straight face on the "Negroid Characteristics" of some monkey
skull found by a archeological expedition.
One of the nice things about ignorance is that it is curable.  Unlike

@_date: 2004-05-20 11:01:46
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Science: throttling computer viruses 
I have a dual boot system which normally runs Linux.  Since it had been a
couple of months since I last ran XP, I booted it on Tuesday to run
Windows Update, and keep it current with critical patches.  Within
minutes, before I had even downloaded the first update, my box ground to a
nearly screeching halt from Sasser, and some other piece of malware which
was trying to make thousands of connections to random IPs on port 5000.
I've had Linux exposed to the Net for years, and have never had these
kinds of problems.  You really wonder why someone doesn't arrest Bill
Gates for software malpractice.
It's really silly when code can leap into your machine, install itself, configure itself to start up again every time the system is booted, and then sit there using all your system resources looking for other boxes to victimize.  Didn't we learn all we needed to know about provably correct secure inpenetrable kernels with MULTICS in the 1960's?  Why has the world of computing been subjected to 20 years of Microsoft slowly reinventing the wheel starting with DOS, and they still haven't gotten it right.
We recall McDonalds toys with parts kids can bite off and choke on, but we let millions of lines of closed source code that does Lord-knows-what on various network ports run on nearly every machine in the universe with

@_date: 2004-11-02 22:54:22
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: So Who Won? 
So who won the US election?  The turd sandwich, or the giant douche?

@_date: 2004-11-03 14:01:09
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Why you keep losing to this idiot 
Isn't that what Democracy is all about?  The 51% simpletons imposing their will on the 49% non-simpletons?
Proportional representation is our friend.

@_date: 2004-11-06 14:57:20
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: The Values-Vote Myth 
This would only be true if the President were elected by popular vote.
In states where one candidate had a huge majority, the results would not have been Also, voting is in some sense political manipulation to blame the population for the actions of their government.  Everyone who votes is a co-conspirator, and the argument is made that those who don't vote have no right to dissent.
Any government that requires that I vote, or the torture and war crimes are "my fault", is broken to start with.
The fundamental definition of Democracy is still "Your neighbors tell you what to do."  I don't tolerate my neighbors telling me what to do, particularly my neighbors in the Confederacy, which we should have let keep their Negro guest-workers and drop out of the union when the opportunity presented itself.
Now they outnumber us, and we are paying for it.
The only government I need is "Leave me alone, or face serious consequences."  Similarly, I leave others alone.

@_date: 2004-10-08 00:01:59
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: FBI Raids Indymedia 
According to  the FBI seized Indymedia's servers from their host, Rackspace.
And at The FBI has issued an order to hosting provider Rackspace in the US, ordering it to turn over two of the servers hosting the Independent Media Centre's websites in the UK, a statement from the group says.
Rackspace has offices in the US and the UK. Independent Media Center, which is better known as Indymedia, was set up in 1999 to provide grassroots coverage of the World Trade Organisation (WTO) protests in Rackspace complied with the FBI order, without first notifying Indymedia, and turned over Indymedia's server in the UK. This affects over 20 Indymedia sites worldwide, the group said.
Indymedia said it did not know why the order had been issued as it was issued to Rackspace. Rackspace told some of the group's volunteers "they cannot provide Indymedia with any information regarding the order." ISPs have received gag orders in similar situations which prevent them from updating the parties involved on what is happening.
Indymedia said a second server was taken down at Rackspace. This provided streaming radio to several radio stations, BLAG (a Linux distribution), and a handful of miscellanous things.
In August the US Secret Service used a subpoena in an attempt to disrupt the New York city Independent Media Center before the Republican National COnvention by trying to get IP logs from an ISP in the US and the Last month the US Federal Communications Commission shut down community radio stations around the US. Two weeks ago the FBI asked Indymedia to remove a post on the Nantes IMC that had a photo of some undercover Swiss police and IMC volunteers in Seattle were visited by the FBI on the same Indymedia said the list of local media collectives affected included Ambazonia, Uruguay, Andorra, Poland, Western Massachusetts, Nice, Nantes, Lilles, Marseille (all France), Euskal Herria (Basque Country), Liege, East and West Vlaanderen, Antwerpen (all Belgium), Belgrade, Portugal, Prague, Galiza, Italy, Brazil, UK, part of the Germany site, and the global Indymedia Radio site.

@_date: 2004-10-29 10:39:34
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: 100,000 Deaths in Iraq 
Most AmeriKKKans are too stupid to know that when their Poodle Press talks about airstrikes against "insurgent safehouses", they really mean bombing civilian neighborhoods to scare the resistance out of the people.
I wonder how many skyscrapers you'd have to fly planes into in order to kill 100,000 civilians.  THe crimes of Bush et al greatly exceed the crimes of the "terrorists."

@_date: 2004-09-07 11:44:46
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Gilmore case...Who can make laws? 
The big loophole here is "regulation."  Congress passes a law declaring that some governmental organization has the power to regulate something, and then that organization may create rules, impose financial penalties, and send people to jail under a plethora of laws against obstructing organizations blessed with regulatory powers.
Congress, for instance, does not make every single law governing the behavior of pharmacutical companies, or every single law governing the use of the radio spectrum.  Instead, it makes one law granting the FDA or FCC regulatory powers, and exercises only oversight with regards to their subsequent behavior.
An argument that the TSA cannot make rules, even secret rules, regulating air travel, because it is not Congress, will not pass the giggle test in court, unless you can show that the TSA exceeded its regulatory powers.

@_date: 2004-09-07 11:53:58
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Maths holy grail could bring disaster for internet 
RAH pastes:
Bullshit.  A constructive proof of NP=P would doom strong crypto.  A proof of the Riemann hypothesis MIGHT lead to polynomial time factoring, which would break RSA, but leave the rest of cryptography largely untouched.
The Guardian needs to raise the bar a bit for that which it alleges to be "Science Writing."
Louis de Branges "proves" the Riemann Hypothesis every year, by the way.

@_date: 2004-09-12 16:47:41
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Recruiting Only Smart People 
Google has an austere black on white billboard ad which simply reads.
   10-digit prime found in the consecutive digits of e}.com
People arriving solve another puzzle, and then can use the answer as a password for a website that greets them with the message...
         "One thing we learned while           building Google is that it's           easier to find what you're looking           for if it comes looking for you.           What we're looking for are the           best engineers in the world. And           here you are."
Cute, except it's now being discussed on the net, and you can google
the answers. :)

@_date: 2005-08-24 12:44:51
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: [Ryan Lackey in Iraq] Wiring the War Zone 
RAW forwards...
Ryan Lackey needs to star in an Ayman al-Zawahri produced video, making short-lived gurgling and whistling noises.
Making a fast buck off an illegal war of aggression is a far cry from running a secure data repository on an oil platform.

@_date: 2005-08-25 11:29:37
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: [Ryan Lackey in Iraq] Wiring the War Zone 
My first comment was more a parody of Pat Robertson's ridiculous call for the US to murder the President of Venezuela.  I'm sure the State Department supports my right, as a private citizen, to say silly things just like Pat.
While I don't wish Ryan any misfortune, I have some difficulty seeing how taking cash from Big Brother to create modern digital infrastructure that creates a more comfortable life for Big Brother's forces, is actually a cunning scheme to undermine morale in the unecessary, unjust, outrageous, and illegal occupation of Iraq.
He's taking cash to provide aid and comfort for members of the military, so that they may chat with their wives and girlfriends, access really good porn, socialize online, play games, blog, video conference, and otherwise recreate, activities which are undoubtedly not encouraged on the C&C comm US soldiers are so brainwashed by the military whispering in their ear "you're fighting for their right to protest" every time they encounter outside views of the war, that they view themselves as beleagured noble warriors safeguarding the free speech rights of unworthy unwashed unpatriotic hippies who don't know what they're talking about, and tend to interpret criticism of the war through that filter.
Joining the military is not an intelligence test, and the troops, at least at the leafy parts of the command tree, are generally not talented critical thinkers with long term political memories.
So I think the "aid and comfort to the illegal occupation" aspects of Ryan's work must surely outweigh the "opposing points of view" aspects. If it didn't, would he even be allowed to do it?  1% of propaganda is lying. 99% of propaganda is context.  The military controls the soldiers' context in which outside views are interpreted.  Net access hardly threatens their loyalty to the cause.
The Iraqi people do not wish US occupation of their homeland, and given that this was an unprovoked war of aggression, that means that occupying troops, mercenaries from private military corporations, military contractors, and Ryan Lackey, are there illegitimately.
If I remember correctly, they were souvenir photos taken by service members, sent back to their families, and accidently posted with world access on what the family members thought was a private online album.
They were noticed by the press, and the effluent hit the fan.
I think that's an oversimplification.  It's not impossible that after the HavenCo fiasco, Ryan has given up on the Cypherpunk Agenda, and is currently selling his services for cash and no questions asked.
In any case, I invite Ryan, if he can take a few minutes from hauling those suitcases of cash to the bank in Dubai, to post to the list, and clarify exactly what he is trying to do.
He did say at the end of the piece, that he looked forward to the military opening up additional new markets for him, I assume in places like Iran and the other four as-yet-uninvaded countries on the Neocons' list of That seems to say "mercenary" more loudly than it says "Cypherpunk," so I certainly look forward to more information on the subject.

@_date: 2005-01-13 17:48:13
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Florida man faces bioweapon charge 
RAH pastes:
I'm confused here.  Is possession of castor beans possession of ricin?  Is possession of chopped castor beans possession of ricin?
I could pick up a container of Drano, and make the same commment.  Big Still legal to own, as far as I know.
Obviously this news story is the grand prize winner in an innuendo And WTF does this have to do with the guy with the castor beans?
Looks like "Ricin Theatre" has joined "Anthrax Theatre" in the armory of Weapons of Mass Deception.

@_date: 2005-07-01 18:17:23
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: The Nazification Of America ("Show Me Your Papers" - Day 1) 
In anticipation of the "Guv'ment ID Needed for Everything/Can't Get ID Without Already Having ID" state, I got government ID last month, before the regulations went into effect.
I did the whole house of cards.  Certified birth certificate copy, voter registration, library card, passport, state ID, SS Card.
Now I will have to live a quiet life flying under the radar as myself, and conduct all my nefarious schemes under invented identities.
Did you know that once you get a Drivers License/State ID, it is illegal not to inform them within 10 days if your address changes?  Once in the system, always in the system.
The picture is also very unflattering.  I am substantially taller than the lens level, and being ordered to look down at the lens makes me appear to have multiple chins.
The things I put up with.

@_date: 2005-07-13 09:16:55
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Paintball "Terrorist" Sentenced 
I'd just like to say that the American troops who carried out Bush's illegal war in Iraq, which killled 100,000 Iraqi civilians, are war criminals, and I'd like to encourage all of AmeriKKKa's victims to capture them and bake them in pies, after forcing them to bark like dogs and poop Now, is that worth life in prison?  Only in a police state.  In a real democracy whose citizens are free, it's protected political speech.  Too bad AmeriKKKa isn't one of those.
Fuck Bush.
This, by the way, in case you can't read through the inflammatory bullshit in the wireservice story, was the case of some individuals who were deemed to have engaged in a conspiracy to wage war against the US, because in addition to being Islamic, and denouncing Bush's war, they played ALEXANDRIA, Va. -- A prominent U.S.-based Islamic scholar who exhorted his followers after the Sept. 11 attacks to join the Taliban and fight U.S. troops was sentenced Wednesday to life in prison.
Ali al-Timimi of Fairfax was convicted in April of soliciting others to levy war against the United States, inducing others to aid the Taliban, and inducing others to use firearms in violation of federal law.
The cleric addressed the court for 10 minutes before his sentencing. "I will not admit guilt nor seek the court's mercy. I do this simply because I am innocent," al-Timimi said.
The cleric addressed the court for 10 minutes before his sentencing. "I will not admit guilt nor seek the court's mercy. I do this simply because I am innocent," al-Timimi said.
Prosecutors said the defendant, a native U.S. citizen who has an international following in some Muslim circles, wielded enormous influence among a group of young Muslim men in northern Virginia who played paintball games in 2000 and 2001. Authorities said they were a "Virginia jihad network" training for holy war around the globe.

@_date: 2005-03-05 17:41:32
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: End of a cypherpunk era? 
This seems reasonable.  It seems the path of least resistance here, is to let ones meatspace identity fly under the radar, and attract no attention to itself, while ones cypherpunkish persona is fighting injustice and sovereign state arrogance by selling really great tech to the needy and wiring large satchels of money between continents in encrypted untraceable I would think the last thing one would wish do to in order to further that goal, is to have ones meatspace identity publicly thumb its nose at the government, and make itself a target for retaliation.
Loudly renouncing ones citizenship is a lot less effective in destroying the infrastructure of oppression, than anonymously telling everyone in the world how they can make a 20 megaton thermonuclear explosion working for a few years in their basement using only non-radioactive materials that can never be made illegal to own.
There are two types of societies in the world.  Those in which everyone has a deadly weapon that can never be take away, and against which there is no defense.  And those in which everyone has an inpenetrable shield that can never be taken away, and against which no weapon is effective.
Dolphins are an example of the former.  Usenet is an example of the latter.  Dolphins are polite, friendly, and respectful of eachother, and no group of dolphins can ever form a government to oppress the rest of them.  We should try to be more like dolphins in cypherspace, while attracting as little attention to ourselves in other places.

@_date: 2005-03-09 12:14:42
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] good-bye, Mnet, and good luck. I'm going 
Is there a network currently running?  At one time, I had 5 gig of Mnet blockstore, but when months went by with no metatracking, and apparently, no running network, I grew bored and rm'ed it.
Yes, well.  My thoughts on this, and other distributed filesystems, are as We have the following useful technologies.
Swarmed downloads, erasure coding, distributed filesystem with global namespace, encryption, routing, accounting, and search.
We have various systems which have implemented a various subsets of these features, with varying degrees of efficiency.  The killer technology amongst all these is obviously swarmed downloading, which, efficiently implemented in Bittorrent, currently accounts for a third of network The two systems which implement the most of the above technologies, Mnet and Freenet, while theoretically lovely, have at most a niche following, and are cumbersome to set up and use, with frequent "issues" in their protocols and codebase.
Now, I think we can all agree that it would be lovely to have a distributed filesystem, with a global namespace, that anyone can put stuff in, and take stuff out of, which guarantees anonymity for both producers and consumers of content, swarms downloads, has an redundant distributed encrypted backing store that lasts forever, is easily and quickly searched, can be instantly set up by anyone who wishes to use it, never breaks, and starves users who unreasonably leech large amounts of resources without reciprocating.
BUT, given that bittorrent is a wild success, which people ACTUALLY USE, would it not make more sense to create such a system by augmenting bittorrent with the technologies it presently lacks, than by continuing development on other systems, many of them bloated and buggy, which have been around for years without managing to be made to work well, or attracting large numbers of happy and satisfied customers?
If you had a thousand hours of genius programmer time, would you spend it embracing and extending Bittorrent, or shoveling through the indecipherable bowels of legacy Mnet and Freenet code?
I think Mnet and Freenet were wonderful testbeds, which taught us all a lot about what does and doesn't work in grandiose P2P schemes.
But Bittorrent is where the users are, and software without users is like network television programming without viewers.

@_date: 2005-03-24 13:55:40
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: The Register: Anonymity no protection for online libellers 
If they can find out who you are, you aren't "anonymous," you are Anonymous means no trail was created which might be examined to disclose your identity, and no individuals are in possession of that information, and might disclose it.
Confidential means the information exists, but that people have promised to keep it secret, until they change their minds.
There is a vast difference, for instance, between confidential HIV testing, and anonymous HIV testing.
When I want to be anonymous online, I rely on technology, not peoples promises, and if this individual had been truly anonymous, he would not have been identified.

@_date: 2005-03-26 11:04:46
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: AP For Starvation Judge 
This just in from CNN:
 [FBI agents have arrested a North Carolina man on suspicion of soliciting   offers over the Internet to kill Michael Schiavo and Judge Greer.   Richard Alan Meywes of Fairview is accused of offering $250,000 for the   killing of Schiavo and another $50,000 for the "the elimination of the   judge who ruled against Terri."]
Given that the real problem in this case is one stubborn judge, and all the other judges sticking with him, I'm not really sure the bounty allocation cited is the best possible one.
Michael Schiavo doesn't, by himself, have the power to completely thwart the wishes of the President of the United States, the Governor of the State of Florida, and an overwhelming majority of both houses of Congress.
He is an insignificant pipsqueak, and were he not being backed by the judiciary, the more equal of the three equal branches of government, he would have been marginalized and ignored years ago.
I wonder how much it is going to cost the taxpayers for the round the clock army this judge is going to need to protect his sorry life for the remainder of it.

@_date: 2005-03-26 20:05:14
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: AP For Starvation Judge 
Somehow letting someone who has lived 15 years with a significant brain injury live out the rest of their normal life span just doesn't provoke people the same way dehydrating and starving them does.
I don't believe in the existence of a supernatural, but I certainly wouldn't take water and food away from any human with a functioning brain stem, particularly when there are people to whom that person's life has meaning, and who are willing to provide them with care.
The interesting political lesson here is that one stubborn judge, and his pals who band together to support him, can defy the will of the President of the United States, the Governor of the State of Florida, and a majority of both houses of Congress.
Of the three equal branches of government, the unelected branch is more equal than the other two.  Of course, we've known that since Marbury vs

@_date: 2005-03-26 22:35:23
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: AP For Starvation Judge 
According to a cast of characters which include a euthanasia proponent, a lawyer at the forefront of dehydration advocacy for the brain-damaged, and a doctor who thinks its morally acceptable to starve Alzheimer's patients to death.
I think we have to divide things we do for disabled people into "care" and "heroic medical measures."  I consider a feeding tube to fall into the former category.
That which we may do to ourselves, if we are functioning, exceeds that which we may require others to do to us if we are not.  I can deny myself food, water, and air, for instance.  I cannot instruct others to deny me those things if I am rendered incapable of making my own decisions.
I can instruct them to deny me things like a respirator, or dialysis, of course, which is reasonable.
There is no reason for the feeding tube to be removed at all.  It is not valuable.  It is not horribly invasive or uncomfortable.  It is not going to be taken out and used on another patient.  They can certainly starve and dehydrate her to death with the tube in place.  In fact, leaving it in place would be a prudent thing to do, to spare her the risk of having to have a new one installed if the decision to kill her is reversed before she dies.
THe only reason the tube is being removed, is because they are playing the game that "The Tube" is keeping her alive.  In reality, nutrition and hydration are keeping her alive, and in fact, they are also keeping you and me alive too.
Nutrition and hydration are "care," not "heroic medical measures," and while people can refuse to eat and drink themselves, they should not be able to leave advance directives demanding others deny them such things.
If Terri were able to be spoon fed by an attendant, would the judge have then ordered "spoon and attendant withdrawal?"  Would the papers report that "the spoon is keeping her alive artificially?"
If you want to make an argument for killing the cognitively impaired, let's at least call it what it is, and not engage in political theatre over feeding tubes.
Well, I would argue that you do not have a legal right to demand others restrict your air, food, and water, unless they need to be delivered in invasive uncomfortable ways that reduce your human dignity.
You are of course welcome to not breathe, drink, or eat as long as you are in charge, but you do not have the right to demand we kill you by withholding such things if you become disabled.
I think euthanasia is fine if the patient is suffering horribly, has all their marbles, and has less than six months to linger from a terminal Terri Schiavo meets none of these criteria.
I certainly don't support the right of an adulterous spouse who swore up and down at the malpractice trial that he only wanted to care for his wife for the rest of her natural life, and who didn't mention her "wish" to not go on until 7 years after her brain injury, to have his brain-damaged wife starved and dehydrated to death solely on his say-so, absent any written indication of her wishes.

@_date: 2005-11-05 09:13:20
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: ... 
auth cd65ce1a subscribe cypherpunks emc at artifact.psychedelic.net

@_date: 2005-11-05 09:15:06
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: [Clips] The myth of "suitcase nukes."  
This is complete and utter nonsense.  Popular fissionable elements are long-lived alpha emitters, which require little shielding.  Properly moderated, criticality can be achieved with a few kilograms of material.
Some fission triggers for thermonuclear weapons are small enough to fit in a suitcase, and could be employed as standalone small nukes.
Does anyone remember DOD's nuclear grenade?
While the stories of suitcase nukes may be nonsense, they are not nonsense because such devices are impossible to construct, or last only a few

@_date: 2005-11-08 22:17:02
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: RSA-640 Factored 
A team at the German Federal Agency for Information
Technology Security (BSI)
Reportedly 5 Months on 80 Opterons.
Are 1024 bit RSA keys still safe?

@_date: 2005-11-08 23:18:34
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: RSA-640 Factored 
A team at the German Federal Agency for Information
Technology Security (BSI)
Reportedly 5 Months on 80 Opterons.
Are 1024 bit RSA keys still safe?

@_date: 2005-09-09 12:17:29
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Constitution?  What Constitution? 
There's no civil liberty or Constitutional guarantee the President
can't violate, as long as he mentions "protecting the nation
from terrorism" while trying to justify it.
A federal appeals court ruled today that the president can
indefinitely detain a U.S. citizen captured on U.S. soil in the
absence of criminal charges, holding that such authority is vital to
protect the nation from terrorist attacks.
[Oh look.  It's the magic "t" word.]]
The decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit came in
the case of Jose Padilla, a former Chicago gang member who was
arrested in Chicago in 2002 and designated an "enemy combatant" by
President Bush. The government contends that Padilla trained at al
Qaeda camps and was planning to blow up apartment buildings in the
United States.
Padilla, a U.S. citizen, has been held without trial in a U.S. naval
brig for more than three years, and his case triggered a legal battle
with vast implications for civil liberties and the fight against
Attorneys for Padilla and a host of civil liberties organizations
blasted the detention as illegal and said it could lead to the
military being allowed to hold anyone, from protesters to people who
check out what the government considers the wrong books from the
Federal prosecutors asserted that Bush not only had the authority to
order Padilla's detention but that such power is essential to
preventing attacks. In its ruling today, the 4th Circuit overturned a
lower court and came down squarely on the government's side.
Eric Michael Cordian 0+
O:.T:.O:. Mathematical Munitions Division
"Do What Thou Wilt Shall Be The Whole Of The Law"

@_date: 2006-08-06 07:39:41
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Important Notice 
I am leaving my emc at artifact.psychedelic.net account due to creative differences with the owner of the domain.  Any further use of this email address should be considered to be compromised.

@_date: 2006-02-15 10:25:33
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: [dave@farber.net: [IP] READ UK gov wants MS to give them a  
Does anyone find it odd that the person urging the UK pigs
pursue GAK with MS is Ross Anderson?
Things that make you go "Hmmmmmmmmm."

@_date: 2006-07-10 13:31:44
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: [dave@farber.net: [IP] on crypto systems from CTO PGP] 
The error in this argument is the assumption that the computers aren't all partially replicating each others computations.
Suppose I give you one NAND gate, and ask you to build an encryption function that inputs 64 bits of data and 256 bits of key, and outputs 64 bits of data.
Couldn't build a very complicated one, could you?  Wouldn't take a very big computer to sweep the entire 256 bit key space, as long as you did no redundant computation.
Now suppose I give you ten NAND gates.  Now you can build a more complicated encryption function.  Nonetheless, it is still greatly limited with regard to what it does with each of the the 2^256 keys being different from what it does with the others.  Sweeping the key space is still practically instantaneous, as long as you don't do redundant computation.
Now suppose I give you 100,000 NAND gates.  Now you can build a really complicated encryption function, that passes all the tests of whether encryption functions are good.  But the number of ways you can hook even 100,000 gates together is a small drop in the bucket compared to the confusion and diffusion necessary to make all 2^256 permutations on 2^64 integers truly statistically independent of one another.  How fast can I sweep the key space now, modding out redundant computation?  An interesting question you would do well to ponder.
Many things that take a long time in the domain of data, happen quite speedily if you do them by transformations in the domain of the function You think?
There are an unlimited number of surprising algorithms whose direct derivation lies just beyond the range of human ingenuity.  This is why we have Experimental Mathematics and other techniques for grepping the fabric of reality for things we could never figure out on our own through a random walk of the solution space.
I'd bet money the NSA has been able to crack RSA since 1996.

@_date: 2006-06-09 13:08:03
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Gilmore's Last Stand 
One of the first rules of being a courtroom lawyer, is to never ask a question you don't already know the answer to.
A corollary to this might be to never try and prove a point by publicly conducting an experiment that you don't already know the results of.
One therefore wonders what on earth could have been going through "Privacy Activist" John Gilmore's mind when he publicly challenged a DHS Advisor to try to fly home to Washington, DC from a committee meeting in San Francisco without using his ID.
The guy already had his ticket and boarding pass.  He got a little extra screening, and actually got through security faster than the long line of people waiting for the regular screening.
So of course this is all over the Net now, and headlines are proclaiming that "flying without a photo-ID is actually faster than flying with proper identification," and Gilmore is looking like a crackpot.
Show up at the ticket counter without ID, try and buy a ticket with cash, and try to get on the plane, and be Black.
Then see what happens.

@_date: 2006-06-24 09:31:38
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Search Filtering at Ask.Com 
"This query does not comply with Ask.com Terms of Service"
Amusingly, you can't search for "pedophilia", but "paedophilia" works fine.  Apparently sexualizing European children isn't as filthy as sexualizing American children.
You can't search for "naked children", but the first hit on "lolita," which you can search for, is an advertisement for pictures of naked "Preventing child pornography" is a no-no. "Sex offenders" works.  "Protecting kids from sex offenders" doesn't.
"Bestiality" is blocked.  But "sodomized by a horse" returns all sorts of hits, including one about a man who died of massive internal injuries while tresspassing at a stud farm.
Am I the only one who thinks ask.com is being silly here?  For every blocked term, there is an nearly identical unblocked term you can search

@_date: 2006-03-12 02:38:04
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Justin Berry, Jimbo Wales, and Wikipedia 
A few weeks ago, a NY Times reporter named Kurt Eichenwald wrote a series of articles on a 19 year old young man named Justin Berry, who made hundreds of thousands of dollars starting at age 13 performing sexually in front of his webcam, and subsequently ran a number of pay teen sites with sexual content.
There used to be a fairly lengthy article about Mr. Berry on Wikipedia, but it was summarily deleted, along with its entire revision history, by Wikipedia's owner, Jimbo Wales, and it is represented that Mr. Berry called Mr. Wales and expressed displeasure at his portrayal.
Since that time, the article has been reduced to a 2-sentence stub, and all attempts to add any additional information to it, no matter how well sourced, have resulted in the additions being reverted, usually accompanied by various incomprehensible mutterings by Wikipedia admins, who, when asked specific direct questions about what was wrong with the original article, or why specific information can't be added to the current one, become non-responsive and stonewalled.
To the best of my knowlege, no one has successfully added any information to the article since Jimbo deleted it, and discussion amongst admins about the article is taking place out of band, and not on any of the Wikipedia pages where such discussion usually takes place.
Now of course, Wikipedia is a private organization, which can do anything it wants on servers that it owns.  Nonetheless, the actions which are taking place are in direct contravention of stated Wikipedia policy, and there seems to be a deliberate attempt to not be forthcoming with any information on the subject.
Everyone who has pressed the issue has gotten banned for various contrived excuses like "uncivility" and "trollishness", and even comments about the situation on peoples private talk pages have been edited by admins.
While Wikipedia is a private organization, they are attempting to create a reputation for themselves as an unbiased source of truthful information.  Clearly they have a choice of being truthful and being respected, or of censoring, violating their own policies, and not being taken seriously.
When things like this happen, our respect for them, and our view of them as an authoritative source of information, need to be adjusted I found an interesting quote by Jimbo Wales about Wikipedia and the truth.
"If a viewpoint is held by an extremely small (or vastly limited) minority, it doesn't belong in Wikipedia (except perhaps in some ancillary article) regardless of whether it's true or not; and regardless of whether you can prove it or not."
Wikipedia, in the propaganda it writes about itself, represents itself as not censoring even offensive material, and arriving at article content entirely through consensus.  The reality, at least in this case, seems to be a lot different than the officially stated policy.
I invite Jimbo Wales or someone else who can speak for the Wikimedia Foundation, to respond to this post, and give us all a straight answer about exactly what is going on with this particular article.
If nothing can be added to Justin Berry's article because Justin or his handlers would be displeased by it, do we apply the same standards to George Bush's article, or Scott Peterson's?
One wonders why a teenage male sex performer merits such personal attention from Wikipedia's owner, allegedly a wealthy married

@_date: 2006-03-12 07:22:31
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Justin Berry, Jimbo Wales, and Wikipedia 
Amazingly, when the censorship of the Berry article was discussed on "WikiProject Wikipedians against censorship", the entire Wikipedians Against Censorship project was nominated for deletion from Wikipedia by Nicholas Turnbull, one of the admins who has been banning people trying to edit the Berry article.

@_date: 2006-03-12 08:38:55
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: CRM: RE: Justin Berry, Jimbo Wales, and Wikipedia 
The current history starts after Jimbo wiped the article and its revision history.  It's only a few days worth, and shows only recent edits.
Well of course it has.  No versions of the censored article are available.
I wouldn't call removal of everything added to the article an edit war.  An edit war is when two sides argue over differing versions of content.
This is the suppression of content.

@_date: 2006-03-15 17:56:22
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: Justin Berry and related incidents 
This looks like an interesting site.  The Wikipedia admins have backed off a bit on their Justin Berry feeding frenzy, and allowed a new, albeit somewhat tamer article, to be written. I'm now banned under several accounts until the entropy death of the universe, although I did manage to disparage Jimbo for a while until I was locked out.  Progress, I guess. :)

@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: Piper J A 
@_subject: just in time 
Am I uniquely blessed with this problem, or is this some new way for
spammers to ensure they are hated even more than serial child molesters
and terrorists.
I think this really crosses the line into blatant illegality, and is a
racheting up of spammer scumminess way beyond simply trying to evade
filters with P'E'N'I'S and gratuitous HTML in the middle of suspicious
