
@_date: 2000-11-05 14:41:41
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: CDR: Applying California law to ICANN 
DNS and the root servers are a single point of failure in the global
Internet, and one that is easily pressured to delete pointers to speech
that is deemed politically incorrect.
It wouldn't surprise me in the least, if in the near future, sites deemed
to be monkeywrenching the system wind up having to be addressed by numeric
IPs, and even having their packets derouted.
The Simon Wiesenthal Center's plans for the First Amendment can easily be
seen in other countries, where they support the arrest and jailing of
individuals for even suggesting that God's Chosen People might sometimes
act collectively in their own enlightened self-interest.  The US
Government's plans for the First Amendment can be seen by the fact that
they honor arrest warrants issued by foreign countries against such
"speech criminals," and make arrests of foreign nationals for such
"crimes" within US borders.

@_date: 2000-11-11 09:40:34
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: CDR: Declan on Bell 
In a Wired News article, Declan reports:
"In Bell's 1997, plea agreement, he admitted to owning chemicals that
 could be used to produce Sarin gas and to stink-bombing the carpet
 outside an IRS office."
Yeah, and I own chemicals for making chlorine gas.  Sodium hypochlorite
solution, and sodium bisulphate.  I use these "dangerous" chemicals when I
do my laundry, and when I clean my bathroom.
I think "chemicals that could be used to produce..." is pretty sleezy
journalism, which could describe virtually anything.  I think using the
word "admitted" in describing a plea bargain taken in lieu of a much
longer prison sentence is also pretty sleezy journalism.
What were the chemicals in question?  Does Bell, outside of documents the
government makes him sign, claim to have made the IRS doormat smell bad?
Does anyone with a clue think nitric acid is a ominous chemical for a
chemist to own?
I'm really getting tired of Jim Bell articles whose tone suggests that
despite the egregious mistreatment of Mr. Bell, the government apprehended
him just in the nick of time, before he killed millions with homemade
weapons of mass destruction.
Bell's Common Law Court was political theatre, his Assassination Politics
essays satirical commentary on political accountability, and his
documentation of smart-assed IRS employees consumer activism.  Aside from
not giving his government-issued Social Security number to an employer, the entire compendium of alleged Jim Bell crimes is little more than one of IRS Agent Jeff Gordon's more extreme masturbation fantasies.

@_date: 2000-11-11 11:54:44
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Declan on Bell 
Unless the plea agreement specifies a sentence equal to the upper range
that would likely be applied after a conviction was won, it is not
difficult to infer that the plea agreement is being signed in order to
lock-in a shorter sentence, with the accuracy of the government's account
of the alleged misdeeds being a lesser consideration.
Most plea bargaining, by its very nature, is coercion plain and simple.
Just as the common practice of cutting deals in return for testimony the
prosecution wants, or deferring sentencing until such testimony has been
provided, results in coerced testimony.
That the Justice System recognizes the payment of even one penny to a
witness as tainting testimony, but looks the other way when years are
knocked off sentences in order to secure testimony or agreement to
government-authored laundry lists of antisocial acts, is evidence of the
degree to which the government values expediency over fairness in
processing caseloads.
So I repeat my question.  Does Jim Bell, aside from signing a statement
prepared for him by the government, in order to avoid a much longer
sentence, acknowlege annoying the IRS with unpleasant-smelling chemical
substances?  A "yes" or "no" will suffice.

@_date: 2000-10-08 09:03:17
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Supreme Court denies reporter's kiddie porn appeal 
Yes, of course this is true.
However, child porn laws, with the exception of those very few laws whose
goal it is to prevent specifically identifiable children from experiencing
the harm of the porn-producing workplace, are clearly unconstitutional.  The courts simply ignore this fact, and pander to the moral witch hunt
driven by the political and religious right wing.
The entire doctrine that non-obscene material depicting the sexuality of
minors can be made illegal rests on a single Supreme Court case, that of
Ferber.  Ferber revolves entirely around the notion that identifiable
minors featured in porn are harmed by exposure to the workplace in which
the porn is produced.
So - laws criminalizing material featuring only social and recreational
nudity on the part of consenting minors are unconstitutional, as no one is
harmed in its production.
Laws criminalizing the possession of old porn made before child porn laws
were passed are unconstitutional.
Laws criminalizing the production and possession of simulations of the
sexuality of minors, involving no actual humans, are CLEARLY
Laws criminalizing the possession of material in which the models, now
adults, have no objection to its distribution, are unconstitutional.
Laws criminalizing the possession of material legally produced outside the
US are unconstitutional.
Laws criminalizing the importation of such material are equally illegal.
Futhermore, Ferber suggests that the link between porn possession and harm
to minors in an unhealthy work environment only exists when the people
producing the porn sell it for money to the people who possess it. Clearly
a reporter downloading images for free to write a story doesn't cause any
further "exploitation" of the underage models, any more than possession of
footage of 12 year old Palestinians being deliberately shot by Zionist
Entity snipers makes one an accessory or participant in such behavior.
Child porn laws are about the elimination of counterexamples to a certain
segment of the population's ideas about morality.  They are not about
protecting children, real or virtual.  They are about the public being
forced to listen to only the government's description of certain material,
with anyone else being locked up instantly for looking at it, including
legitimate scientists and journalists.
Once this doctrine is rubber-stamped by the judicial system, and the
Sheeple are used to it, it is highly unlilkely that sexual pictures of
minors are the only material it is going to be appplied to.
Hakim Bey suggests that plastering large full-color pictures of naked
children around ones community is an excellent form of political protest.

@_date: 2000-10-10 07:57:03
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: CDR: Polynomial Time Minimum Clique Partition? 
Someone at the following URL is claiming NP=P based on an alleged polynomial time solution to the minimum clique partition problem.
           Code is provided, and I am downloading it at the moment.  More later.
An Efficient Algorithm for the Minimum Clique Partition Problem
                    by Anatoly Plotnikov
                  Foreword by Stas Busygin
Publishing this paper claiming P=NP result in my Repository for Hard
Problems Solving, I completely realize my huge responsibility for this
decision. As you perhaps know, this paper has a predecessor --
Polynomial-Time Partition of a Graph into Cliques published in SWJPAM

@_date: 2000-09-09 09:47:11
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: CDR: FBI Profiles of "School Shooters" 
It's interesting to notice the not particularly subtle anti-youth bias in
the FBI's recently released profiles of people they allege are likely to
commit violence in schools.  Indeed, the terms used are very negative and
propagandistic ways of characterizing practically anyone who isn't
carefully controlled in thinking and behavior, denied free access to
information, and trained to be an obedient doormat for all authority
It would be very difficult for any student to not fit some of the factors
listed, unless he were the world's greatest Uncle Tom and kissed Massah's
ass on a regular basis while ignoring the screams of his fellow inmates
while pretending to enjoy the public school experience.
Let's look at how the FBI's factors might be expressed in more
conventional language.
"Student collects injustices and nurses resentments" - Student has
reasonable expectations that he and other students will be treated
decently, and remembers the names of teachers and administrators who have
a long track record of showing disrespect and contempt for students.
"Shows exaggerated sense of entitlement" - Expects the school system and
those who work there to be held accountable for the quality of service
"Signs of depression and a pathological need for attention" - Becomes
unhappy when he and other students are treated unjustly, and seeks to find
someone who will listen and remedy the situation.
"Student's relationship with parents is particularly difficult or
turbulent" - Student has high standards for how he is treated at home too.
"Parents accept or minimize pathological behavior, setting few limits and
possibly seeming intimidated by student" - Parents don't automatically
take the side of the school against their child when a disagreement
"Student has access to weapons and there is little monitoring of what he
watches on TV or the Internet" - The child's home environment is one where
privacy, freedom of information, and the Second Amendment are all
"Student is detached from other students, teachers, and school activities"
- Student has better things to do with his time, than spend 100% of it on
school-sponsored busy work.
"School does little to prevent or punish disrespectful behavior or
bullying" - School does not interfere in student socialization unless an
obviously serious problem arises.
"A pecking order exists among students, who also observe a code of silence
about telling staff of their concerns about other students" - Students
refuse to cooperate in ratting out people to the school's profiling
"Access to computers and the Internet is unsupervised" - The School
follows the guidelines of the American Library Association.
"Student is intensely and exclusively involved with a group that shares a
fascination with violence and extremist beliefs" - Student refuses to
criticize Columbine shooters in school-ordered classroom writing
assignment, given with the ulterior motive of prying into student's
political beliefs.
Indeed, the wording of most of these things is exactly like what spews out
of the mouth of the typical public school teacher, when a student or the
parent of a student has a grievance with the school.  Complaining about
anything is "attention seeking," getting pissed off is "nursing
resentments," the parent defending the child is "the child running the
home and no limits being set," etc,etc,etc...
The whole attitude expressed by the government here is a really great
argument for private schooling or homeschooling.

@_date: 2000-09-13 14:06:15
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: CDR: Lee Free - Judge Apologizes For Government's Conduct 
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) -- After nine months in solitary confinement, Wen
Ho Lee pleaded guilty Wednesday to a single count of mishandling nuclear
secrets and was set free by an apologetic judge who said the government's
actions ''embarrassed our entire nation.''
''I sincerely apologize to you, Dr. Lee, for the unfair manner in which
you were held in custody by the executive branch,'' Parker said.
Parker said the Departments of Justice and Energy ''have embarrassed our
entire nation and each of us who is a citizen of it.''

@_date: 2000-09-13 15:04:11
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: CDR: Re: And you thought Nazi agitprop was controversial? 
So you can lie about what's in it cleverly enough not to get caught?
You *are* the same Jodi Hoffman who claims Sex Education is Satan's
Doorway to our Childrens' Innocence, aren't you.  The world's most
prolific frivilous lawsuit filer and nuisance to public educators
Right, lady.  Everyone who doesn't buy into the Sex Abuse Agenda as
presented by their local contingent of Religious Fanatics or Lying
Feminists Cunts is a NAMBLA member.
You're one of those fine people whose agenda it is to intimidate their
opponents into silence, and then lie about what it is they would have
said, had they been permitted to speak.
NAMBLA's rather boring text-only web site, containing comments by noted
educators, scientists, humanitarians, and artists on the topic of
transgenerational male homosexuality, moral panic, youth rights, and
extreme sex laws, is hardly, as the Curley family has alleged, a magical
resource which changes heterosexuals into pedophiles, and mild-mannered
Milquetoasts into murderers.
Any more than your web site changes atheists into God-Soaked anti-Sexual
Freaks like yourself.
Go beat your "childrens' victimization" drum elsewhere.  This is a
cryptography and civil liberties list.  Start your own Fascistpunks list
if you want a forum to spew.
As for the credentials of Robert Curley, who is *USING* his own son's
murder as a platform to attack causes the religious and political right
wing wants to damage, he is the only one of 2,000 city employees to be
allowed to "opt out" of four hours of mandatory "diversity training,"
because it would have forced him to "mouth beliefs he didn't espouse."
He also called the course, which attempts to prevent discrimination in the
workplace based on gender, sexual orientation, and race, "feel-good crap."
Like most death-penalty promoting defenders of the Christian Coalition who
try to undermine civil liberties while misdirecting the public with talk
of "child protection" and "pedophile activity," Curley sees an opening to
present the agenda of himself and his associate whores for Jesus cloaked
in words no politician dares oppose without committing political suicide.
It would be unwise to let him succeed.
That having been said, I don't think freedom of speech is going to sink or
swim based on whether the NAMBLA web site is mirrored in numerous
locations. Their lawyers may very well have advised them not to put it
back up or encourage others to host it pending the resolution of their
legal tangles.
All perspectives on all varieties of human sexuality are available at a
mouse click anyway, in the age of the Internet, and are so widely
distributed geographically that censorship is impossible.  In that sense,
part of NAMBLA's original mission has passed it by, as it is no longer
necessary to distribute opposing points of view on anything in brown paper
envelopes via snail mail.
If NAMBLA wants it mirrored, mirror it.  If they don't, print it out and
epoxy it to the side of Jodi Hoffman's barn as an example to other
censorous cows.

@_date: 2000-09-13 15:12:21
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Lee Free - Judge Apologizes For Government's Conduct 
He was bound by the terms of the plea agreement, without which the DOJ and
DOE would have continued to give Dr. Lee the broom handle/asshole
Politics is the art of compromise.
The government also has language in the plea agreement which prevents them
from being held accountable for any of their behavior in the case.

@_date: 2000-09-15 08:05:12
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: CDR: SWAT Team Guns Down 11 Year Old In His Own Home 
An 11-year-old Modesto boy was fatally shot early Wednesday morning
when police SWAT team officers on a federal narcotics sweep raided his
parents' home. Police said the shooting was an accident.
Alberto Sepulveda, a seventh-grader at Prescott Senior Elementary
School, was pronounced dead in his home at 2524 McAdoo Ave., just east
of Highway 99 in the north Modesto neighborhood commonly known as
Highway Village. He died from one shotgun round to the back, Police
Chief Roy Wasden said.

@_date: 2000-09-26 12:21:30
@_author: Eric Cordian 
@_subject: CDR: Re: And you thought Nazi agitprop was controversial? 
I'll never understand the ability of Child Sex Hysterics to look at one
thing and see another.  "Sex Before Eight" was a slogan of the Rene Guyon
Society, named after a deceased French world traveler who thought that
American puritanism and prudery could be cured with a healthy dose of the
kind of sexual openness found amongst primitive tribes.
It has nothing at all to do with NAMBLA.  Never has.
NAMBLA was formed to protest a witch hunt against gay teens.  Like most
gay organizations of its era, it calls for the repeal of all laws which
criminalize sexual activity using age alone as the sole criteria for
determining whether someone has been taken advantage of.
Other organizations with similar platforms have been pressured by people
like Jesse Helms to sell out, without which the current mainstreaming of
gay sodomy rights for adults would not have been permitted.  This has
resulted in the current zoo of "adults only" alleged gay rights
organizations, who run screaming in the opposite direction when anyone
under 18 makes an appearance.
Indeed, it is pretty nearly impossible today to do anything in the area of
gay rights without having to pass some Fundie-authored litmus test on
support of consent laws, and to be forced to pay lip service to the
disempowerment of young people to make any sort of sexual decisions for
Well, since the alleged intercourse with little boys exists entirely in
Jodi Hoffman's brain, and not on the NAMBLA website, I think we should
take any and all measures to prevent people from coming in contact with
the harmful material in Jodi Hoffman's brain, before more people are
turned into idiots.
