
@_date: 2005-08-25 10:30:37
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: [Ryan Lackey in Iraq] Wiring the War Zone 
Now that is the biggest line of shit I have heard in a while, enough that I am
actually motivated to respond.  Troops are NOT (I say again NOT) being filter
from political sites in any way / shape / form.  I have worked Bosnia (SFOR),
Kosovo (KFOR), and for the past year in Iraq (MNFI).  Current working on some
sensor systems but handled Information Assurance (govspeak for network security
to include site filtering) for the entire Balkans theatre and have a good
working relationship with the guy in country doing it for Iraq.  CENTCOM has a
clear (and heavily enforced) policy on web filtering and political websites are
cleared mandated as being ALLOWED.  There is a arbitration process incase your
favorite I Hate Bush site is being blocked by some other category (most likely
'Hate' or 'Personal Website') to get it unblocked.  The military does NOT
categorize all of this, has better things to do.  Websense handles all this. Any false positives are clearly in there folk and effects anybody who uses
their product.
Troops are purchasing independent access not to get around political censorship
but to get around corporate (military in this case) usage policies, e.g. we
block most (would like to get all but not going to happen) software download
sites, sex, instance messenger, bandwidth intensive items (mp3's, video's, etc
etc), VOIP ... items troops want.  They also want a connection in their hooches
where they can chat back home, use VOIP, webcam with the families, download
gigs of porn and music, and play games.  This is not a censorship issue.
Thats unfair.  Stars and Stripes is highly accurate of the situation 'back
home' and does a good job reporting them surprisingly.  You get week long
flamewars going on in the editorial over very non-PC items (worthlessness of
national guard / reserve units, dying for oil, bring on troops home, etc).  The
simply sad fact of the matter is the majority of the troops truely believe Fox
is the gospel and watch is 24x7 religiously.  Hell, they even webcast Fox over
the SIPRNET now just incase you are in a location that doesn't get AFN.
He is doing nothing of the sort.  He is doing the same thing as me and
countless of others, making money.  I work as a merc, he's a war profiteer ...
same shit different name.  At least I am stealing from the tax payer in an
abstracted way (or as I look at it, getting my money back ... I will die in the
black ... the government will have paid out more money to me that I have paid
in to them), he is taking it right out of lonely kids who miss their families
pockets.  That crazy profit he is making is buying ripping folks off.  He is
dropping something along the lines of 500 folk per 1 MB link WITH total
bandwidth caps and restrictions all while charging them a hundred or two a
month (not counting the initial install / equipment charge).
While I am here though, let me rant a bit about the article and once again
state how much I despise Wired magazines coverage of anything.  Might as well
just print IRC chat logs and call it a magazine.
"Inside, everything is painted black" -> No there not.
"crew chief distributes earplugs" -> only because your a journalist.  If you
were some Jo or a contractor you either bring your own or do without.  This is
not standard SOP.  Big sign at LP says 'Bring your own hearing protection'
"But not too far.  Blackhawks fly just 100 feet above the ground, at 200 mph.
It's a smooth, exhilarating ride, landscape zooming past like a dream of
flying" -> Also bullshit.  I fly these things weekly all over the country. Smooth sometimes, exhilarating never, hot yes.  As for low level, we aren't in
the cold war dodging radar here.  The helo's fly usually up around a thousand
feet (not 100 like you seem thing) as part of SOP ... the biggest worry here is
ground fire, not aircraft.  Flying low will get you killed.
"In a freak accident at the helipad, the rotor wash hurls one of the boxed
satellite dishes into Lackey's chest like a massive Frisbee. His armor saves
him from anything worse than bruises." -> Give me a break.  How exactly does a
'boxed' dish look like a Frisbee (implies round).  I install 2 and 3 meter
dishes about once a month (and we fly them out also) .. they ain't going
anywhere with the helo wash.  Armored saved him from anymore than bruises my
ass.  Would like to see those bruises.
"After five minutes in the midday Iraqi sun, metal can sear an ungloved hand"
-> No it can't.  Nobody here uses gloves (just to damn hot) and nobody gets
burned.  Metal gets hot sure but not that hot.
"The iDirect system is robust enough for Iraq's extreme heat, dust, and wind,
and even handles  voice-over-IP calls." -> Nice product placement.  They might
also want to mention any satellite provider (and there are a bunch, they make
it sound like he is the only game intown) with an off the shelf UHF dish can do
all this.
"He winds up stranded at Warhorse for two days before catching a ride back to
Anaconda on an armored convoy. This means spending an hour in the back of a
truck traveling through some of the most active insurgent territory in Iraq."
-> My ass. Any flight that requires moving equipment requires an AMR.  You
can't miss an AMR, they will wait for you.  Also, there are flights between
Annaconda and Warhorse multiple times a day, daily.  As for convoy, thats utter
bullshit.  Military will NOT (I repeat NOT) led civilians ride in military
convoys anymore (to damn hot and bad press when killed).  No commander will
sign that risk.  You will be told to wait till you can catch a helo.  Got stuck
at a truly remote base for two weeks once waiting on a flight.  "Back in Anaconda, he has to deal with Blue Iraq's literal cash flow problem.
The military pays in greenbacks, meaning he routinely has to fly on a cargo
plane to deposit thick wads of currency at his bank in Dubai." -> Or just go to
bank at the green zone and make a deposit.  If he is going to Dubai, its for
pleasure (Los Vegas of the Middle East, gambling, drinking, drugs, whores on
Wired, you don't have make a dull article about just another ISP in Iraq into a
war romance porn novel.  Get your facts straight and learn how to report.
"I think everyone understands that it's getting better every day.  Or course, every nation that's got IEDS and drive-by shootings and suicide bombers definitely got some security issues" -LTC Gibler, Mosul, IQ 05MAY30
You Think?

@_date: 2005-11-15 12:32:04
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: Iraq Stories 
Actually the M16 and M4 also suffer from this exact same problem in closer
quarters.  The 5.56 just doesn't cut it when Haji is taking a point blank death
shot at you.  As a result, most of the spec op, merc, and secret squirrel crowd
is using a variety of 7.62 weapons to included looted AK's.
What is even worse is the 9mm SMG's (for example, the modify DoE M4) ... talk
about useless.
"I think everyone understands that it's getting better every day.  Or course, every nation that's got IEDS and drive-by shootings and suicide bombers definitely got some security issues" -LTC Gibler, Mosul, IQ 05MAY30
You Think?

@_date: 2005-09-27 11:48:31
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: /. [How Chinese Evade Government's Web Controls] 
Chinese Web Controls and Tor ... a subject I happen to have close personal
experience with.  Just took a three week vacation to Dali, China and after
hitting the Great Firewall of China (tm), hopped over to the eff site,
downloaded tor and privoxy, and 10 minutes later was up and running bypassing
the supposed Great Firewall.  While I was at it, grabbed i2p and punched right
through also utilizing the i2p www proxy.
As much as folk want to rail against Tor for allowing malicious users to mask
their identity, it really does serve a higher purpose.  As for the WSJ article, EFF or I2P really needs advertise better.  Why pay
local Chinese Internet Cafe owners when you can punch right through for free.

@_date: 2006-04-24 10:19:43
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: /. [Running an ISP in a Warzone] 
Bah .. I got trolled but:
He's full of shit and is a blowhard.  Its a fluffed up tail that 99% of
people won't or can't confirm.  Its like the other guy (forgot his
name, used to be a blackhat or something) ... making shit up to
position themself for a better job when they leave the service.  Hate
people like this.

@_date: 2006-02-27 13:37:47
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: FAQ: How to subscribe and or contribute to cypherpunks 
Consider this bugging you Riad.  Been telling myself to set one up for
years and just finished up my dedicated public use anon server.
(multihomed 3mbs server dedicated solely to tor, i2p, and freenet while
also running a Type II and III remailer (to include nymserv's for
Should go active next month .. still working a FBSD panic issue with
the bge driver which kills me once I hit around 500kbs constant.
Willl toss a cpunk node / remailer on it ... wont' help as this list is
dead / dying and all the orig members have:
a) fled
b) irrelevant
c) lunkin
d) got married, graduated college, and grew up.
but will do anyways.
NOTE: Prob going to mirror a couple sites for all those ppl that want
anon / pseudo anon viewing.  Right now will prob just mirror cryptome
as a .onion hidden server, .i2p eepsite, and freenet node.  Anybody
else have any mirror requests, let me know.

@_date: 2006-03-08 21:03:17
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Well there are a bunch of lurkers and occasionally pigs sprout wings
and you catch a post from Lucky or Young.  Cypherpunk is so 80's and
early 90's ... ;) I figure we are at the point where we maybe get a dozen meaningful
posts a year.  We have gone the way of usenet and bbs's.  We will be
remember if a half dozen obscure books, a broke remailer (as in actual
use, not in code), and Jim Bell.  Another group will spring up to
replace us, such is life.

@_date: 2007-02-06 14:20:52
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: Tor incentives 
Let me know if you find any.  I am paying US$80 month for 3mbs w/ the
added features of remote serial access and remote pdu (invaluable for
single mode kernel updates).  Still US$80 a month is more than I want to pay for 3mbs, especially
with everybody moving a gigbit cores ... transit in a colo should be
that much.

@_date: 2007-01-25 09:17:35
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: Tor incentives 
I will never understand what is up with Germany and anonymity.  I have
been running an exit node here in the US for about 2 years and never so
much as received a complaint from my ISP, teh RIAA, or LEO.

@_date: 2008-12-01 19:56:41
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: Jim Bell Looking for a Job Out of Jail in 2009 
References:  > I am still in prison, and I will probably be so until Sept 2009. (You
 > know I was railroaded.) I am very, very worried about my future.
 > When I get out, I will have nearly no assets and I will need a job.
 > Right now I'm "networking" to figure out how I will live under
 > exceedingly trying circumstances.
I was cleaning up some old emails and ran across this, did Jim ever get out and anybody know if he's doing ok.  Got burned for being a man ahead of his time.

@_date: 2008-02-04 16:06:23
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: undersea cable cuts 
References: Hadn't heard this was malicious ... you have a reference?  (I can't really cause them terrorists as not sure cutting some cables terrorizes anybody except some CEO's and insurance companies who have to pay out as a result . .not exactly terror here)

@_date: 2008-02-29 20:50:07
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: How long can you go with an expired key? 
References:   <4ef5fec60802291542m49993fb4g9489a825808f31e
Personally I haven't seen this in the commercial world but on the government side (at least NASA and DOD, heard DHS and DOE also but can't confirm them) they pushed organization wide PKI smark card initiatives (DOD CAC and NASA HSPD12) which by default encrypt and sign all emails to allow sensitive data to transverse public networks without snooping or alteration.  Now we can argue how effective it is or how many folk disable it BUT thats a different issue (e.g. its more in use in non-DOD agencies than DOD and disabled less regularly in the finance and personal shops than combat arms)

@_date: 2009-12-17 08:54:59
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: Insurgents Hack U.S. Drones 
References: <20091217125847.GD17686
Nothing new, this was a known issue and being done back when I was in Iraq in 2005

@_date: 2010-12-25 12:23:49
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: administrivia: surviving nodes? 
I'm on travel right now (hence can't access my local archives) but anybody have access to the archives?  I believe detailed directions were in the same post where it was announced JETF was being taken down or at least somewhere in that time frame.  Maybe 2005'ish IIRC.

@_date: 2010-01-06 12:11:39
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: Mixminion 
References: <1262764095.14656.3.camel
It was effectively killed (or put into hiatus) when Roger Dingledine
hired Nick Mathewson to work full time for him on tor a couple years
ago.  Mixminion was effectively Nick and Roger's baby.  Roger jumped
first to pursue Tor full time and then brought Nick over later.  Since
then nobody had picked up the torch.
I spoke with Roger about this a couple years ago at Defcon and his take
was basically he could do more good (and arguably has) with Tor than he
ever could with Mixminion given the steep entry curve for normal users
to Mixminion, the indifference of the layperson to anonymous email given
the growing Web 2.0 post-email web forums and blogs, and a greater need
for anonymous surfing, posting, and tcp streams than email.
I have cc'ed Roger on this if he wants to add further information; I
don't have Nicks email.

@_date: 2010-01-07 14:06:56
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: [Fwd] NIST-certified USB Flash drives with hardware 
References: Because, IIRC, the standard just certified the vendors implementation of
actual encryption algorithm, not the device as a whole or what happens
outside encryption.
I might be wrong as been two years since I looked at this but I think
that was the problem we ran into when trying to find a FIPS 140-2
compliant bluetooth device for one of the flags officers I was
supporting (per the DISA Wireless STIG requirement:
At the end of the day we couldn't find an acceptable one but being a
flag he just used a signed off on using non-approved one anyways because
flags are special like that.

@_date: 2010-07-01 13:05:49
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: sneakernet 
Your are forgetting about the offline kinetic thug connectors in place to deal with sneakernet.

@_date: 2011-06-06 11:13:13
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: OT: Fun NANOG Discussion on Guns, society, etc 
Not really OT but what is anymore on this list.  Fun read over on NANOG right
now that reminds me of conversations we had on here over a decade ago.
start is around here:   ...
shadows/ghosts of some of our members.

@_date: 2011-06-09 11:30:46
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] The State of Mixminion and Mixmaster Twitter  
References: <20110609154458.GL19622
Gad can somebody reformat that into something that is readable

@_date: 2011-03-19 16:03:12
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: Liberty Dollar - Final Nail? 
Anybody have the court records? (John??)
For Immediate Release
March 18, 2011 	United States Attorney's Office
Western District of North Carolina
Contact: (704) 344-6222
Defendant Convicted of Minting His Own Currency
STATESVILLE, NCbBernard von NotHaus, 67, was convicted today by a federal jury of making, possessing, and selling his own coins, announced Anne M. Tompkins, U.S. Attorney for the Western District of North Carolina. Following an eight-day trial and less than two hours of deliberation, von NotHaus, the founder and monetary architect of a currency known as the Liberty Dollar, was found guilty by a jury in Statesville, North Carolina, of making coins resembling and similar to United States coins; of issuing, passing, selling, and possessing Liberty Dollar coins; of issuing and passing Liberty Dollar coins intended for use as current money; and of conspiracy against the United States. The guilty verdict concluded an investigation which began in 2005 and involved the minting of Liberty Dollar coins with a current value of approximately $7 million. Joining the U.S. Attorney Anne M. Tompkins in making todaybs announcement are Edward J. Montooth, Acting Special Agent in Charge of the FBI, Charlotte Division; Russell F. Nelson, Special Agent in Charge of the United States Secret Service, Charlotte Division; and Sheriff Van Duncan of the Buncombe County Sheriffbs Office.
According to the evidence introduced during the trial, von NotHaus was the founder of an organization called the National Organization for the Repeal of the Federal Reserve and Internal Revenue Code, commonly known as NORFED and also known as Liberty Services. Von NotHaus was the president of NORFED and the executive director of Liberty Dollar Services, Inc. until on or about September 30, 2008.
Von NotHaus designed the Liberty Dollar currency in 1998 and the Liberty coins were marked with the dollar sign ($); the words dollar, USA, Liberty, Trust in God (instead of In God We Trust); and other features associated with legitimate U.S. coinage. Since 1998, NORFED has been issuing, disseminating, and placing into circulation the Liberty Dollar in all its forms throughout the United States and Puerto Rico. NORFEDbs purpose was to mix Liberty Dollars into the current money of the United States. NORFED intended for the Liberty Dollar to be used as current money in order to limit reliance on, and to compete with, United States In coordination with the Department of Justice, on September 14, 2006, the United States Mint issued a press release and warning to American citizens that the Liberty Dollar was bnot legal tender.b The U.S. Mint press release and public service announcement stated that the Department of Justice had determined that the use of Liberty Dollars as circulating money was a federal crime.
Article I, section 8, clause 5 of the United States Constitution delegates to Congress the power to coin money and to regulate the value thereof. This power was delegated to Congress in order to establish and preserve a uniform standard of value and to insure a singular monetary system for all purchases and debts in the United States, public and private. Along with the power to coin money, Congress has the concurrent power to restrain the circulation of money which is not issued under its own authority in order to protect and preserve the constitutional currency for the benefit of all citizens of the nation. It is a violation of federal law for individuals, such as von NotHaus, or organizations, such as NORFED, to create private coin or currency systems to compete with the official coinage and currency of the United Von NotHaus, who remains free on bond, faces a sentence of up to 15 yearsb imprisonment on count two of the indictment and a fine of not more than $250,000. Von NotHaus faces a prison sentence of five years and fines of $250,000 on both counts one and three. In addition, the United States is seeking the forfeiture of approximately 16,000 pounds of Liberty Dollar coins and precious metals, currently valued at nearly $7 million. The forfeiture trial, which began today before United States District Court Judge Richard Voorhees, will resume on April 4, 2011 in the federal courthouse in Statesville. Judge Voorhees has not yet set a date for the sentencing of von NotHaus.
bAttempts to undermine the legitimate currency of this country are simply a unique form of domestic terrorism,b U.S. Attorney Tompkins said in announcing the verdict. bWhile these forms of anti-government activities do not involve violence, they are every bit as insidious and represent a clear and present danger to the economic stability of this country,b she added. bWe are determined to meet these threats through infiltration, disruption, and dismantling of organizations which seek to challenge the legitimacy of our democratic form of government.b
The case was investigated by the FBI, Buncombe County Sheriffbs Department, and the U.S. Secret Service, in cooperation with and invaluable assistance of the United States Mint. The case was prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Jill Westmoreland Rose and Craig D. Randall, and the forfeiture trial is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Tom Ascik and Ben Bain Creed.

@_date: 2011-05-17 16:00:53
@_author: Peter Thoenen 
@_subject: [silk] Bitcoin 
References: <20110517163602.GB24232
I'm not so sure
that's true.  Given the network at all times knows the amount of nodes out
there (hence the 50%+1 rule for consensus) it would be trivial for a NSA
(Nation State Actor, not TLA) to stand up 50%+1 virtual nodes fast enough to
gain consensus and usurp the currencies (tokens) if I understand correctly the
mechanism for determining legitimate tokens from the EconTalk interview.  Am I
missing something here?
