
@_date: 2002-08-02 10:49:07
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
I think this is what it boils down to.  If I want a dongle for
an arbitrary suite of products I should be able to go to some
store and buy it.  There's no reason it has to be built into
the motherboard.  the Microsoft X-box can have a built in dongle
chip, it's purpose is to ensure that only MS certified games
run on the box.  I don't see any problem with that.  And I don't
see any problem with Hollywood (or Bollywood either) selling HDTV's
with their own dongles.
As an argument to congress we need to stress that TCP's are fine
as isolated devices for specific purposes.  There is *NO NEED* to
make general purpose computers TCP's.  Where there is a market for
TCP's, I'd expect companies to want the ability to put their own
keys into the dongle, not some outside manufacturer who they might
not trust.
TCP's and DRM is useful to some people, and those people should
be able to buy it.  But there's really no need to force it on
everyone, and that's the point we need to get congress to
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-08-02 21:10:32
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
In other words, the manufacturer has access to all your data because
they have the master storage key.
Why would everyone want to give one manufacturer that much power?
Or am I missing something...
and stores the blob in a safe place for future use.
and so can everyone else who visits the manufacturers database.
Seems like an understatement to me :-)  Explaining to every CEO left
standing that one company may have access to all their buisness data
because congress wants to make TCPA a law could be a very power lobby.
Yeah baby, tell them CEO's their costs are going up.  That'll definitly
help TCPA die quickly.  Especially nowadays.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-08-03 21:44:58
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Other uses of TCPA 
And in another message:
I said:
=> In other words, the manufacturer has access to all your data because
=> they have the master storage key.
=> Why would everyone want to give one manufacturer that much power?
AARGH! said:
Who owns PRIVEK?  Who controls PRIVEK?  That's who own's TCPA.
And then there was this comment in yet another message:
Just how "immune" is this program space?  Does the operator/owner of
the machine control it, or does the owner of PRIVEK control it?  So
the owner of PRIVEK can send a trojan into my machine and take it over
anytime they want.  Cool, kind of like the movie "Collosis" where a
super computer takes over the world.
The more I learn about TCPA, the more I don't like it.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-08-04 19:38:37
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Other uses of TCPA 
Whoa there is right!  Yes, you are definitly educating me.  Thank you.
I am now totally confused on a lot of issues.  So far, you have moved
me from thinking TCPA seems like it might be useful to thinking that
it's pretty monstrous.  If you want to be a good teacher, you will have
some patience.  If you are a troll, you will get frustrated and leave
Maybe that's because I'm not convinced yet.  I've got a thick skull :-)
Hate is too strong a word.  They aren't evil because they want to be,
but because they have to be.  They won't survive if they don't optimize
society to their advantage.
It creates a single point of attack.  It reminds me of key escrow.  Once
you get to the chewy center, you can control everything.  More questions
Because it's hard to think about everything.  Maybe they didn't finish
thinking all the ramifications through.  I would hope we'll be able
to ask enough questions that you'll have a hard time quoting the spec.
Not in a democracy.  All laws are based on belief.  They have nothing to
do with facts.  Facts get in the way and are far too confusing for a
majority of humans.  While understanding the facts is useful to anyone
who wants real power, you can still accomplish a lot in the short run
with a good lie.
But I would like to understand TCPA enough that I can tell which newspaper
article is the lie and which isn't.
Well I deny it.  So far, I am still confused and amazed at how powerful
a device you have described.
:Date: Sat, 3 Aug 2002 23:50:24 -0700
:From: AARG! Anonymous :To: cypherpunks at lne.com
:Subject: Re: Other uses of TCPA
:> Who owns PRIVEK?  Who controls PRIVEK?  That's who own's TCPA.
:PRIVEK, the TPM's private key, is generated on-chip.  It never leaves
:the chip.  No one ever learns its value.  Given this fact, who would
:you say owns and controls it?
OK, so why can't any joe hacker create their own PRIVEK?  _nobody_ knows
it's value?  Then how can anyone know if a chip is "real" or "imitation".
What happens when the motherboard dies again?  PRIVEK was copied out of
the chip to some "fob" right?  I thought you said the manufacturer put
the keys in at the factory.
I'm confused dude, straighten me out.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-08-05 07:19:39
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: dangers of TCPA/palladium 
I agree that the market can have the chance!!  Just don't make it
anything to do with the law!  If people want to buy platforms with TCPA
built in they should be allowed to, and those who don't should be
free to choose that way.  You now claim there are at least 2 keys
that don't leave the chip, but if you are going to recover anything
encrypted by those keys you had better have them off chip when the
chip dies.
D'oh!!  Obviously it's a bad feature - it gives my computer to some
unknown entity.  In fact, it gives the entire network of computers
to one entity - it creates a huge monster of unequal power.  I can
sure see why a government like Iraq would love to have this feature.
Or China.  Or the US.  You could run a special program that nobody
can stop or find or know about.  That's *POWER*.  It is difficult
to understate how bad that is.
Look, if there can be a section of code that only the manufacturer
has access to, then that section of code could have an internet download
section that sucks "evil intent" from someplace the manufacturer (or
someone who's broken into them) has designated.  It's not that we're
saying it'd be done on purpose up front, but somebody some day will
figure it out and all the tools are there to make it happen.  Sometimes
a good imagination can save you from having to be paranoid.
Then we agree completely!  So long as no laws are passed around TCPA,
and it is not linked to any copyright laws, or mandated in any way,
then there's no problem!  IF TCPA gives people something they want,
and they understand how it works, I don't see anything wrong with it.
I do see a problem in it being written into any laws because the
potential for abuse is huge.
It will also make backups really expensive.
The only way it works is if there can be code the user doesn't control
the loading of.  That means somebody else controls the machine.  It's
pretty basic.
Horsepucky.  I can run trusted software right now.  *I* wrote it, that's
why I trust it!  I don't need a dongle on the motherboard to ship trusted
software.  An external dongle works just fine.  And I can check the
signature of source code I compile to be sure the author has sent me
the correct code - I trust it will do what it's supposed to because
the encrypted hash matches the source hash.
going back to the key stuff - you've changed the names, but what it
boils down to is that *somebody* has to have a copy of the internal
keys used to encrypt data by the TPM.  If it's not the user, who is
it?  That's the person who owns the data, because they own the keys.
I'd say Adam did a nice job nailing TCPA to the wall.  Now let's see
if it dies slowly or quickly.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-08-05 07:42:45
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: "trust me" pseudonyms in TCPA (Re: Other uses of TCPA) 
I don't have time to read it, but I do appreciate the effort you've
put into this so far!
Are all the keys certified?  Are any copied outright?
One key for encryption, one key for signature, one key for checksums,
and one key to rule them all!!  :-)
I think that explaining it in a mathematical or technical abstract
way would give competitors an advantage.  Seems like the consortium
that's building it can keep these details proprietary and just
sell the thing on the market to whoever wants to buy it - no need
for all this FAQ stuff anyway.  They only need publicity to get
past the congress or MP's.  I guess I don't see why the spec is
public if the purpose is to create a platform that's just a toy.
But I'm confused, so keep at it and maybe I'll figure something out!
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-08-05 20:34:22
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: dangers of TCPA/palladium 
Or who ever steals the master key.
The difference is fundamental: I can change every bit of flash in my BIOS.
I can not change *anything* in the TPM.  *I* control my BIOS.  IF, and
only IF, I can control the TPM will I trust it to extend my trust to
others.  The purpose of TCPA as spec'ed is to remove my control and
make the platform "trusted" to one entity.  That entity has the master
key to the TPM.
Now, if the spec says I can install my own key into the TPM, then yes,
it is a very useful tool.  It would be fantastic in all the portables
that have been stolen from the FBI for example.  Assuming they use a
password at turn on, and the TPM is used to send data over the net,
then they'd know where all their units are and know they weren't
compromised (or how badly compromised anyway).
But as spec'ed, it is very seriously flawed.
The untouchable code zone.  That's fine for an embedded application,
but for a general purpose computing platform it's great for dictators.
Yes, dictatorships are stable governments for the short run.  Most people
are willing to put up with slavery as long as they get food and sleep.
But there are enough people who read history (and who have escaped
dictatorships) to prevent really bad things from being forced down
everyone's throats.  TCPM seems like clipper and it also seems like
it'd be pretty easy to sell as evil (whether it is or not).  I don't
think it's going to be an easy fight for the RIAA folks.
What makes you think TCPA isn't being designed with the Chinese in mind?
They don't believe in copyright to begin with, and they are a huge market.
As it's been described so far, it sure seems useful to the master key
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-08-06 06:52:30
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: USENIX Security TCPA/Palladium Panel Wednesday 
Wish I could be there.  Anybody on the panel from the TCPA side?
not (yet) compatible.  The exchange between Palladium and TCPA would
be interesting.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-08-06 07:19:48
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: dangers of TCPA/palladium 
So the question remains - can an outside controller send an app to
the TOR such that the app does not report its existance to the user?
Possibly not, but if the TCPA hardware allows the link, then Palladium
is off the hook for being part of "the evil empire", and the empire wins
And as long as the user has control of the TOR, that's not a problem.
But with TCPA, does the user still control the TOR?
Bummer :-)
Basicly, MS's point of view is that Palladium is their baby, and they
need solutions to their problems.  TCPA is independent, if they can be
meshed, great (from MS's view), if they can't, so what!
So long as that holds, seems ok.  But what about a virus that loads
into the TOR and tells the TOR "don't tell anyone I'm here".  Seems like
that could be a problem.
then I hope they move slowly and carefully.  People don't trust
microsoft much.
This implies that anyone can write a TOR as part of their app???
Now I'm really confused!
I'll believe it when I see it :-)
OK, that's where TCPA becomes a problem.
Right on.  If you guys want people to trust palladium, you better get the
discussion out in the open in a hurry.  The level of confusion is now
high enough to sink it.
That would be good :-)
MS will need a "paradigm shift" in how they market things to get
that point across.  Good luck!
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-08-06 14:23:11
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Privacy-enhancing uses for TCPA 
It is important for us to divide and conquer the "Englobulators".
Clearly there is a division between TCPA and Palladium already,
and we should use that division to ensure the failure of englobulation.
I'm not so sure it will be easy, but it seems doable.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-08-07 14:18:47
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Challenge to TCPA/Palladium detractors 
Yes, this is a major research project in many universities.  Nobody
has a complete solution for the general case but some solutions for
specific cases.  IBM and Certicom both have hardware computation
platforms that allow a single company to verify its stuff is secure
on remote platforms, but the remote platform is under the control of the
company, it's not a generic PC that any consumer owns.
Personally I think it's impossible.  Once the data is in the clear in some
form it can be copied to some other form.  You can't stop someone from
cheating if you want them to get access to data.
No, it's not possible to ship data around and let anyone see it
*and* prevent it from being copied.  What you can do is create
specific environments for specific applications, and there are already
solutions available for those purposes.  The problem with TCPA and
Palladium is attempting to make it generic.
If one person controls all computers, then the specific solution
becomes possible.  But it just happens that most of us don't like the idea
of one person controling all computers.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-08-07 18:55:26
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Palladiated? (was re: wow - palladiated! (Re: Palladium:  
Yeah, well Pd has 46 protons and atomic numbers ranging from 91 to 124.
Most are stable, but some have half lives in the micro to millisecond
range, a few with hours to days and 1 with 6.5 million years.  It's just
before silver, so it's most likely to be found in nuclear reactors as a
fission product.  I'd have to dig some more to find its neutron cross
section :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-08-07 19:28:23
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Palladium: hardware layering model 
If there's no way to debug the "hidden" (so called "trusted") code using
standard techniques, then how can you know it works right?  Most all
processors now have hardware debugging capability - it is a requirement
due to the complexity of the chips.  *Somebody* has to be able to run
a hardware debugger and have access to the raw hardware, even if it's just
Intel running with the covers off.
If I'm going to write a TOR, I want access to internal registers.  So
I'd expect there's a hardware interface to do that.  This basicly breaks
the whole thing.
You can't have a generic platform *and* a trusted platform.  You can have
a trusted platform which is *specific* - nobody but the manufacturer knows
the guts.  If people want to buy it because it does something useful,
that's ok, but don't call it a generic PC.
As an aside, check out   it's a hardware debugger
for a DSP (which I built).  The Intel processor may not work the same way,
but it's got to have some kind of similar interface, and anybody like me
can build an interface into it.
If the processor is sealed into a tamper proof case (like the IBM 4875)
Then it can be made secure for one manufacturer.  The system is checked
before being sealed.  If people want to add one to their PC they are free
to do so, but they understand who owns the key inside the sealed case.
With TCPA people do not know who owns the key - and that's its basic
Until we know real hardware details, we're not really going to figure out
what's going on.  Since Palladium guys claim that TCPA doesn't do what
they want, it seems that the hardware hasn't been figured out yet.  If the
processor isn't sealed to prevent people like me from building hardware
debuggers, then Palladium will be cracked by someone.  If it is sealed
then it's not a generic PC anymore.
I don't think it's possible to outlaw a generic pc, but I guess I'm not
willing to let congress begin to think about it either :-\
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-08-09 13:03:57
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Thanks, Lucky, for helping to kill gnutella 
Hey!  Tell the Gnutella folks I'll be happy to bid on that too!
I'm pretty sure I can get them a solid solution, especially since it's
just a "technical" problem.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-08-09 19:03:38
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: TCPA ad nauseum 
The difference is that *anyone* can see what goes on inside an Intel or
AMD processor.  Only the key holder of the TPM can see inside the
"protected" code space.  You can't put back doors into the code now
because the code is visible to all users.  The purpose of crypto is to
hide information even tho the attacker can see all the machinery work.
If you don't want to have the machinery visible, then use a sealed
system (like smart card).
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-08-09 19:10:27
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: TCPA/Palladium -- likely future implications 
Just because you can string words together and form a definition doesn't
make it realizable.  Once data is in the clear it can be copied, and no
rules can change that.  Either the data is available to the user, and
they can copy it - or the data is not available to the user, and there's
nothing they can do when their machine does somebody elses calculations.
And guess what?  I can buy that today!  I don't need either TCPA or
Palladium.  So why do we need TCPA?
Man, I want the stuff you are smoking!  One attack point is the root of
trust for the whole world!!???!!!  Take another hit dude, and make sure
you see lots of colors too.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-08-12 12:41:44
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: dangers of TCPA/palladium 
That does seem to be the purpose - but may not be what was planned - it
could simply be a "fortuitous accident".  There are way too many unknowns
really, so conjecture is all we've got to go on.  So far we know that
the guys writing Palldium are not happy with TCPA - it doesn't solve
their problems the way they like.  We know less about the TPM.  What's
"right" or "wrong" about vaporware is kind of hard to pin down.  There
are some basic conceptual things we do know, and we know there are already
commercial solutions to problems that TCPA claims to attempt to solve.
I'm working from what I know about those existing devices and project that
onto TCPA.  I may well be wrong, and hopefully somebody who's actually
building TCPA and TPM can give us concrete answers.
I have to disagree.  If I control the content of the TPM, *I* can trust
it,  and anybody who trusts *me* can trust it too.  What other remote
observers of my system are there than the ones *I* trust?  Or to put
in another way - I only want remote observers that I trust to have the
ability to check my TPM.
This is what it all boils down to - "who is in charge of what?"  If I
create a fixed key, I can authenticate myself via multiple channels and
build trust to multiple and independent parties.  That is how TPM becomes
If somebody else controls the TPM, they may well *not* trust me, and they
may put my computer to work doing something I don't like.  In that case,
I can not trust my computer, because my computer does not trust me.  (I
said may, just because it's possible doesn't mean it will happen.)
What started this very long and interesting discussion was the fear
that TCPA is going to be mandated by law.  That is a very bad idea,
and as long as the fear is real, we need some very good arguments to
prevent it from happening.  The main one is economic, the secondary
one is that we don't need it - you can buy hardware that does the same
thing off the shelf and plug it in to any generic PC.
If the authors of Palladium want their software to work, they should
look at the commercial hardware security computing platforms already
available and get their stuff to work with it.  Ditch TCPA and get your
stuff on the market now, and see how people really deal with it.  It will
be an interesting experiment.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-08-12 20:38:01
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Seth on TCPA at Defcon/Usenix 
Anyone doing "security" had better assume software can and will be
broken.  That's where you *start*.
Yes, this the problem with security today.  That's why lots of people
are advocating that the OS should be built from the ground up with
security as the prime goal rather than ad hoc addons as it is now.
Nobody wants to pay for it tho :-)
So what's the point of TCPA if a few hackers can steal the most
expensive data?  Are you now admitting TCPA is broken?  You've got
me very confused now!
I'm actually really confused about the whole DRM business anyway.  It
seems to me that any data available to human perceptions can be
duplicated.  Period.  The idea of DRM (as I understand it) is that you can
hand out data to people you don't trust, and they can't copy it.  To me,
DRM seems fundamentally impossible.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-08-13 06:29:22
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Another application for trusted computing 
Yeah, it'd be ideal for the CIA and FBI and KGB and Mossad and MI5 and ...
The perfect virus, unseen and untouchable.
who's "we"?
Yeah, much worse - it might let the user know that somebody was watching
I don't see the perfect virus as something desirable.
Dude, you seem to be on some really nice drugs.  Can you get me some?
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-08-15 12:08:12
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: TCPA not virtualizable during ownership change (Re: 
Are there 2 certificates?  One from the manufacturer and one from
the privacy CA?
So finding the manufacturers signature key breaks the whole system
right?  Once you have that key you can create as many "fake" TPM's
as you want.
But it's easier to manufacture it by burning fuse links so it
can't be read back - ala OTP.  so the manufacturer could have a
list of every private key (just because they aren't supposed to
doesn't prevent it.)  It still meets the spec - the key never leaves
the chip.
How does the CA check the endorsement certificate?  If it's by
checking the signature, then finding the manufacturer's private
key is very worthwhile - the entire TCPA for 100's of millions
of computers gets compromised.  If it's by matching with the
manufacturer's list then anonymity is impossible.
Thanks for the analysis Adam.  It seems like there are a couple of
obvious points to attack this system at.  I would think it's easy
to break for a large enough government.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-08-15 14:52:00
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: TCPA not virtualizable during ownership change (Re:  
I actually read the whole thing.  Thanks for the effort.
I just want to focus in on one part for now.
Then how can the manufacturer sign the endorsement key?  That can't make
any sense - is a misprint maybe and they mean the private key?
What's the context of the "smoke test"?
So the spec allows for a one time write option - the manufacturer
MAY build a list of keys.  But they don't have to.
Yeah, that makes discussion difficult.  Obviously the spec is
Then anyone can create a TPM?  What does the manufacturer
know about the thing it created?  If they know the endorsement key
(since they put it in) they can compute the public key.  If they
don't know either key, then anyone can create TPM's and get them
I guess I can't argue with that :-)
If the manufacturer signs the endorsement pubkey, how can they
not see it?  I think there must be a lot of confusion in the
spec about which key does what and where it is used.  That's a
different kind of flaw, but clearly the spec has a lot of problems.
Keep hacking at it guys.  Maybe the authors will re-write it
so it makes sense (or give up and toss the whole thing in
the trash).
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-08-16 06:38:56
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: TCPA hack delay appeal 
But doesn't the owner of the box create the master key for it?  They
imply that in their advertising, but I've not seen anything else
about it.  It was advertised to be protection for corporate data, not
a DRM/control type thing.  It would be very interesting to know the
details on that.
I found this:
but the link to "IBM Embedded Security Subsystem" goes to "page
not found".
but this one:
says in part:
"IBM Client Security Software is available via download from the Internet
to support IBM NetVista and ThinkPad models equipped with the Embedded
Security Subsystem and the new TCPA-compliant Embedded Security Subsystem
2.0. By downloading the software after the systems have been shipped, the
customer can be assured that no unauthorized parties have knowledge of the
keys and pass phrases designated by the customer."
So it looks like IBM is ahead of Microsoft on this one.  but if
TCPA isn't fully formalized, what does "TCPA-compliant" mean?
In any case, they imply here that the customer needs to contact
IBM to turn the thing on, so it does seem that IBM has some kind
of master key for the portable.  I wonder if they mean IBM is
authorized to know the customer's keys?
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-08-16 19:15:13
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Cryptographic privacy protection in TCPA 
OK, I'm going to discuss it from a philosophical perspective.
i.e. I'm just having fun with this.
I don't like the idea that users *must* have a "certificate".  Why
can't each person develop their own personal levels of trust and
associate it with their own public key?  Using multiple channels,
people can prove their key is their word.  If any company wants to
associate a certificate with a customer, that can have lots of meanings
to lots of other people.  I don't see the usefullness of a "permanent
certificate".  Human interaction over electronic media has to deal
with monkeys, because that's what humans are :-)
Ouch, that doesn't sound too robust.
The CA has a bit too much power if you ask me.  Those are some really
good reasons not to like the idea of a "permanent certificate" ruled
by one (nasty?) person.
I really, REALLY, *REALLY*, don't like the idea of one entity having
the ability to create or destroy any persons ability to use their
computer at whim.  You are suggesting that one person (or small group)
has the power to create (or not) and revoke (or not!) any and all TPM's!
I don't know how to describe my astoundment at the lack of comprehension
of history.
There's no problem if we just extend our normal concepts of trust between
humans on a face to face level onto the net.  Person to person, peer to
peer, face to face.  It's all the same thing, and using the technology
to make it happen the same way it happens in the street is going to be
the ultimate success story.  Nobody controls everything, but some people
have some control of some resources.  People who attempt to rule the
whole world usually burn out sooner or later :-)
How about everybody on their block signs each other's keys, and when
one monkey misbehaves, the other ones toss 'em out of the troop.
A Web of trust is kind of like a group signature.
If a company wants control of their hardware, they should put their own
private keys in each machine.  They can use that with each persons
public key and create a reasonably secure system for their business.  They
don't need a privacy CA, and they can prove to any other firm that the
person with the box on their premisis *must* be from the right place.
If TCPA is going to fly as a real business it can't just be for DRM.
If copyright owners want people to buy their stuff, they'll have to sell
"copyright owners certificate" which can be based on the customer's key.
Again, nobody needs a privacy CA.
There is no valid argument for centralized control *of anything*.
TCPA is a valid concept in and of itself.  It's way too dangerous
a weapon if forced down people's throats the wrong way.  So the TCPA guys
should sell their boxes as useful tools to lots of big corporations,
and forget about the "content industry".  There's a lot more money to
be made solving real problems for real people.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-08-22 06:48:22
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: the underground software vulnerability marketplace and its  
Sure looks like it.
Not that much cash.  It's only $125 for an exploit.  that's not
much in $/hr of effort.
governments have more cash.  the highest bidders could use it as a
way to keep track of who is doing what, since the web site says
people who find exploits are given full credit.  The mafiosi seem
like the least of our problems with this.
If I got paid, I wouldn't want anyone to have the ability to come find me!
Not at that rate of pay.  Might be a good way to find talent tho.
Yes they exist, and most have 3 letter acronyms.  Well, a few have
numbers in there :-)  A lot of government agencies need cash that
their handlers won't give, so they go steal it.  Since their jobs
are breaking laws, nobody notices.
How?  iDEFENSE isn't really breaking any laws, they are just
immoral scum bags.  Maybe the publication of the first person
hunted down and executed by an angry government will slow down
thanks for posting this, the net is getting more and more interesting
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-08-22 08:11:11
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: U.S. Military Uses the Force 
It also says:
"Electric armor only weighs a ton or two,"
Not exactly something you can use for bullets :-)
It sounds like it's just an MHD instability.  The shaped charge of the RPG
is a copper jet - so the high current pulse breaks it up.  Fire 3 in a row
and there's not much current left - depends on how they generate the
current between the plates.  So you might be able to spread out a bullet
and reduce the impact on a kevlar shield.  As it is now, the kevlar works
amazingly well and is pretty light.  And not very expensive either :-)
Fun physics in any case.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-08-22 11:13:31
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: the underground software vulnerability marketplace and its  
Depends on how it's used.  Hammers can be dangerous.
Yup.  I suspect they won't get paid until after the 2 weeks is up
to ensure that too.
Or al-quida like operations.  By accident of course!
Seems like you're assuming the cracker is pointed at a specific
target to begin with.  I think it's more of a crap shoot, and iDEFENSE
is hoping a few will be really worth while for the 100's that aren't.
iDEFENSE has to find the subscriber after the fact, not before (I think).
If I were HP I'd have done the same thing they did - why be pushed
around when you can fight back?  I think the crackers screwed up,
they should have given a presentation to HP with a proof that there's
a crack, and then request (politely) some compensation for where
it was.  by making it a reasonable request, HP saves engineering time
and their software, and the crackers get into business.  If they'd
gone in with a "win-win" attitude, the crackers would have made money,
HP would have saved a lot of money, and everyone would be a lot happier.
"moral obligation" and "mental attitude" are not the same thing, but
I think the right attitude would make the morals a lot simpler.
So rather than paying paltry sums to crackers, iDEFENSE might do better
as a agency for crackers.  If they do the business to business end
for the crackers, and negotiate contracts, then they get a cut, and
the crackers get a lot more motivation to go find problems.  I think
everybody can win then, so long as the exploits are in fact published.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-08-22 11:26:00
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: U.S. Military Uses the Force 
A hell of a lot more than it takes to just make it squirm.
According to the article it leaves dents.  So instead of a focused
blast puncturing a hole, it gets splayed out all over the place.
Yeah, that's what makes the RPG a useful weapon now, isn't it.
U238 shells do similar things, but it's the chemical reaction with
the steel that's the suprise.  the gassious U238 and steel inside
the tank is the major nastyness.
While I admit this is fun, I think we're kinda off topic :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-08-22 11:40:59
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: the underground software vulnerability marketplace and its  
Yes, I think all exploits need to be published.  I'm not sure how
soon is soon enough - a month from discovery to publication seems
ok to me.  but that's easy to argue with too.
Hmmm... anyone want to create a futures market for code exploits?
My experience with contracting rates is much better than paid salary.
the difference is that salary jobs are longer term, it's something
a company wants to do for a long time.  Contract jobs are short term.
I think it's true that exploits will always be there to find, and
it definitly in a security company's best interest to have people
continuously looking for problems.  Who they tell and when becomes
an interesting topic in and of itself, but I think it's important
that all security problems be published within a reasonable time.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-12-06 10:11:13
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: How to Stop Telemarketers... 
Yeah, I've done that for a while now.  But here in wisconsin (USA)
we have a new law that goes into effect on Jan 1: The state maintains
an official "no call" list.  If your name is on the list and telemarketers
call, the state can take them to court.  I don't know how effective it'll
be,  but I think losing money in court would be enough of an incentive to
pay attention to the list.
If enough  states do it the telemarketers may decide it's worth fighting
in court.  Life gets interesting at that point...
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-12-07 20:15:37
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Photographer Arrested For Taking Pictures Of Vice  
There aren't enough horses :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-12-09 12:01:29
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Photographer Arrested For Taking Pictures Of Vice  
That would give a new meaning to "drawn and quartered".  There's a lot of
bureaucrats who need that performed on them.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-12-11 06:17:07
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Anonymous blogging 
I thought the rules were you have to have a smily to signify a joke.  But
I guess on the net there are no rules :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-12-13 11:18:53
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Gilmore's response 
As long as they are that successful, we don't have too much to worry
about!  Besides, the CIA ships more drugs into the US than all the
other cartels combined.
Hmmm... be an aparatchik and get all the drugs, guns and money you want,
fight it and die in a torture chamber.  Sounds like Iraq to me!  And
Columbia and Afghanistan and ....
I think the problem is that the US governemnet is so used to dealing with
totalitarian regiems it sets up all over the world that the bureaucrats
figured they might as well set one up in the US too.  Might work, for
a while.  Might be a good reason they hired Kisenger to burry the facts.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-07-01 19:15:10
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper 
I agree it needs to be said over and over again.  But for a different
There are always new people to teach.  New kids born every day,
who don't have the history, nor any clue that there *is* a history.
Old folks who never pain any attention before because it didn't
concern them, but now it does.
I would be willing to bet the ancient Greeks argued about many of the same
things we do now, and in much the same way.  The time scale has changed,
but the basic ethics hasn't.
I'm not so paranoid.  Somebody will point out that the US can't license
all the software engineers in India (and vice versa).  If they want us
all to buy set-top-boxes, or hdtv's with built in encryption, they can
set up the transmission towers and pay the FCC for the broadcast channels
and just pump out all the crap they want.  Everybody who's just gotta have
the latest DVD can sight right up for it.  The rest of us can ignore the
whole mess and use our computers the way we want to.
A few will be able to tap into the hdtv plaintext and pipe it over to the
net.  They'll get caught eventually and have to deal with concequences.
It doesn't take any new laws to make it happen, but it does take a lot of
up front cash.  And I think that's what is bugging the "content
providers".   They can't just jump on the bandwaggon.  They need to build
new distribution networks, that they can control.  Fine, let them!  But
don't make me have to join in.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-07-02 08:56:57
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Microsoft against legally mandated DRM? 
Not so much against legal mandates as against a specific mandate.
In otherwords, they don't want to be trapped by something that
might fail.  They need the option to force people to buy new
stuff all the time.
I did like the comment about telling Hollywood to get into the
distribution game.  But that's because it's my bias :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-07-07 19:24:38
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: DRM as a Smart Contract 
Anonymous joked:
Greedy might be an understatement :-)  Really amazingly stupid is more
like it.  The entertainment industry should be bought out by the Bell's,
and then the telco's can resume control of *all* com-links.  They won't
need DRM since they'll own all the data and the pipes it goes thru.
If the entertainment industry wants safe platforms, they can sell them.
If you buy one, you should expect it's going to have some specific limited
uses.  I don't think there's any problem with that.  I've got a problem
with it being mandated, and I've told my congress critters so.  With luck,
they'll listen.
All those guys can be as greedy as they want.  If they don't deliver a
product, they got no sales to begin with.  For lots of "content creators",
the net bypasses the greedy guys.  I don't see that going away too soon.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-07-08 19:20:15
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: DRM will not be legislated 
Obviously.  But if the "content" is on a private net hooked into
private boxes, putting the data onto the public web becomes a touch
more difficult.
Only in some executive's wet dream.  And they've got enough problems
dealing with their accounting division right now :-)
And if they can't deliver enough product to make DRM worth while, they
never get that far do they.  If the economics works, they don't need laws,
and if the economics don't work, they won't get laws. When the big boys
figure out how to deliver their stuff with better quality and more
"coolness" than P2P, they'll make plenty of money.
Shit, we might even convince them it's worth while running fiber to every
home on the planet.  If they don't, they're toast anyway.  Teenagers can
wait all day and night for a few songs, but the rest of us don't have time
to waste on it.  With enough bandwidth, DRM becomes irrelevant.  The
recorded past isn't where the cash is, the instantaneous *now* is where
the money gets collected.
Someday they'll figure it out, but I suspect it'll be a teenager that hits
'em over the head with the 2x4.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-07-10 07:02:01
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: tcpa paper (fwd) 
The academics think that TCPA technology is already solved.  I haven't
read the whole paper, but y'all might find it interesting.
---------------------End Forward-----------------------------------
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-07-11 10:26:25
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Finding encrytion algorithm 
Depends on how they got the source.  They may know it's one of 5
possible choices because of the person who sent (or received) it.
If it's just found on a disk in a garbage dump with no connections
to anyone, it's a bit tougher.  But every algorithm has some statistical
signature and if you've got enough cipher text you can compare that
signature with known algorithms to home in on fewer choices.
I'm not sure having the plaintext helps much more, but you could
use random keys to create several ciphertexts with known algorithms and
compare the statistics just to see if they compare better.
It's definitly challenging :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-07-11 16:02:11
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Finding encrytion algorithm 
There was a discussion (probably several) a few years ago on sci.crypt.
If you point at usenet and try lots of different combinations of keywords
I'm sure you'll find something.  Since I've never done it, I don't have
any direct references, I just remember some of the discussion.  A question
on sci.crypt might get you a lot too.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-07-11 20:22:20
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Finding encrytion algorithm 
At the binary level with no headers, "good" algorithms should definitly
look alike.  There's always some data left by the implementation tho,
so in practice you've got some foothold.  But I'm willing to bet that
encrypting megabytes of 0x00000's with the same keys on different ciphers
whould show some kind of statistical foothold.  "looking" like random and
"being" random aren't the same.  Especially if you've got an army of
mathematicians to keep busy :-)
But since I've never actually done it, I don't know how big that army
needs to be.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-07-13 11:50:23
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Finding encrytion algorithm 
You're on the right track.  Take several encryption algorithms
of your choice, then use a fixed IV, and the same sets of keys,
and encrypt blocks of 0's.  For each algorithm, compute several sets of
staticstics (a la NIST or DIEHARD).  With 100 blocks of 10 Megabytes
(100 different keys) you should see some interesting differences.
Remember, your question originally was "how can you tell which algorithm",
not "how do you find the key".  Let us know what you find out :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-07-13 20:53:50
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Microsoft censors Newsweek - and new version of TCPA FAQ 
I just tried posting a comment and got this:
HTTP Error 404
404 Not Found
The Web server cannot find the file or script you asked for. Please check
the URL to ensure that the path is correct.
Please contact the server's administrator if this problem persists.
Anybody know who their "server admin" might be?  I'll send something to
their public affairs e-mail since that's all I can find for now.  But if
anyone else gets thru let me know, and I'll try again.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-07-15 06:27:50
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Weird trolls from "gfs pedo" 
Get up on the wrong side of bed today Tim?  Must have smacked
your nose pretty good to get that bent out of shape for something
that trivial.
give the kid a break.  He's trying to learn something, and you're
being unpleasant about it may simply make him try to piss you off.
I know that's what my kids to for me :-)
Not quite as good a third grader, but not bad Tim.  If you actually
were a soccer mom you might have a better attitude about teaching
nettequite.  But you just drive like one.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-07-15 06:46:34
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Microsoft censors Newsweek - and new version of TCPA FAQ 
This morning it works.  Post your comments before it breaks again!
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-07-16 07:11:59
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Atmospheric noise & fair coin flipping 
Right, but the assumptions of the model are stated up front.
Whoa!  You have gone too far here.  The original assumptions
and the original model still hold, what changes are the
assumptions.  You get new models, but that doesn't mean
the old model doesn't work any more - it means you have to
be careful with assumptions.
We can be certain that we will learn more as time goes on.
Our present models work well for the assumptions we make
now, and as time goes on we'll learn how those assumptions
interfere with observations of how nature works.  How we
ask questions determines what kinds of answers we get -
so it's really important to understand the basic assumptions
behind any "law of physics".
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-07-31 20:42:21
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Pizza with a credit card 
I'm willing to bet that ATM machines are more wide spread and distribute
more cash now than ever before.  Anybody got real numbers for the past
few years?  A lot of those "electronic transactions" are cash advances on
credit cards.  How much cash is exchanged every day?  It must be in the
billions.  Yes, there are a lot of electronic transactions moving lots of
money.  But cash is still far more important to most people.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-06-03 06:46:40
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: FC: Hollywood wants to plug "analog hole," regulate A-D 
I think that's what boils down to the "bottom line".  Because there are
so many units in place that can do the bypass, there will be enough time
to create a backlash.  There's already a backlash on "protected" CD's,
mostly by consumers who can't play them on older CD players.  It's just
not gonna fly with the public, so that may be all it takes to stomp
hollywood on this one.  Time will tell I guess.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-06-06 06:35:07
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Laurie's blinding w/cut and choose? 
A shame really.  The math is the best part of it all.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-06-06 13:27:40
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Degrees of Freedom vs. Hollywood Control Freaks  
the Brits have been calling "tubes" "valves" forever.  Just like a "hood"
is a "bonnet".  Has nothing to do with age.
But you do lose the high end first usually :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-06-06 14:35:50
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Degrees of Freedom vs. Hollywood Control Freaks  
I always thought it came from pimp slang - booty being what you
take as a pirate.  My kids love to shake their booty, and have no idea
of the history  either :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-06-11 06:34:29
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Sci Journals, authors, internet 
Only many years ago - the first paragraph describes what I dealt with
then.  Has it changed any?
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-06-11 06:46:00
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: lsfr with odd charecteristics 
No, if you use bits for coefficients you are still in GF(2^n).
What "odd characteristic" means is that you are in GF(p^m) with
p odd (say 3 or 5 or 9).  So you have a polynomial of the form
x^3 + 4x^2 + 3 mod 5 is GF(5^4).  5 is the characteristic of
the base field, and since it's odd it's a bad lfsr for crypto.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-06-12 10:40:40
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: chip reset 4100 
Like, sit back dude, and like, take another hit, and like
tell us *which* chip you had in mind.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-06-13 06:27:04
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Sci Journals, authors, internet 
the american artists are also trying to get this kind of "right"
in place for themselves.  The perspective isn't so much copyright
as it is "leave it alone forever".  But it amounts to the same thing.
The american artists are certainly unaware of the connection.  If
the law forces the end to "art", is that such a bad thing?
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-06-13 07:45:18
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Sci Journals, authors, internet 
I guess the argument would boil down to who has copyright and who or what
has "moral right".  For sculpture and painting the duplication rights are
kind of obvious, but the destruction/use/"first sale" is complicated.
For digital art/music duplication rights are complicated, and use in
other works ("fair use") gets really messy.
And if I take a digital photo (well many pictures) of a sculpture and
reconstruct it in a 3D virtual world, is that "fair use" or copyright
violation?  Blech, this is gonna get worse before it gets better!
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-06-22 21:14:57
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper 
A touch hand wavy, but interesting.  (and thank you to JY for the
I don't see how they expect this to work.  We've already got cheap
rip off motherboards, who's gonna stop cheap rip off TPM's that ain't
really T?  I think it moves the game into a smaller field where the
players all have some bucks to begin with, but somebody will create
a "TPM" that looks like the real thing, but runs cypherpunk code
just fine.
3) some people think DRM will work and some people don't, and they all
work at the same company.
Anyone who can comprehend the physical reality of computers can see DRM
can't possibly work.  Unfortunatly, that's a minorty of the human
population.  I think the CEO's may actually have a clue, but if there's
money to be made from suckers, why not!!??
Well, I know why not, and so do you all.  But I don't think mandated
"Fritz" chips will fly - and it's simple economics.  Logic will never work
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-06-23 19:34:55
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper 
That makes the claim a might weak, at least in my perspective.
Is the Hollings bill you refer to S.2048?  In S.2048 they want to "plug
the analog hole".  It's far worse both econmicly and "big brother" wise.
How are they going to deal with all the processors now running that don't
have this "fritz" chip?  Deny them access to data?  Won't win over a whole
lot of votes that way, pissing off every grandfather in the country.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-06-24 06:41:44
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper 
Exactly my point - economicly it can't work for the "nightmare" scenario.
The whole DRM concept is seriously flawed, and the fact it's being
pushed by a guy who used to run a paint-ball arena is really no
There's a large group of academics working on DRM concepts for access
to university facilities, including libraries and computers.  They
use secure platforms, but they still have to worry about who gets
physical access to the platform.
And I also don't think "conspiricy" is the right term.  The article
Lucky quoted from indicated that use of the trusted platform for
DRM was an afterthought, and that's much more believeable.  A bunch
of sharks looking for money all swim around the same target.  It has
to do with where the money is, not any collusion between the players.
S.2048 is not likely to see the light of day.  The automotive
industry is bigger than the entertainment industry, and they have
more sway in washington when it comes to how much some bill is
going to cost them.  S.2048 makes cars way too expensive, and when
union workers find out that a) they will have fewer jobs and b)
they won't be able to watch videos when they get home, the shit
will hit the fan big time.
Definitly write a letter to your congress critter to let them know
the whole thing is stupid.  But don't call it a conspiricy, that
gives the morons thinking this whole thing up a bit too much
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-06-24 13:06:20
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper 
Makes for lively conversation doesn't it :-)
A good discussion should alternate.  Certainly it's not the same people.
And both urge the same action - tell your congress critter to butt out!
Exactly.  Let the market decide.  This is why it's necessary to
contact your congress critter - they don't need to be involved.
As long as it's not legislated, nobody needs to worry about what
gets fabbed.  The market will decide if DRM makes any economic sense.
I'm betting it doesn't, but I've been wrong before.  Untrusted
platforms will be cheaper than trusted ones, so there has to be some
incentive for customers to buy them.  Economic incentives make far
more sense than legislated ones.
The main point is not the content of the bill, or its purpose.  The
main point is that government is being told to get involved in the market
place, and that, all by itself, is a *bad* idea.  If people want to
build trusted platforms and put them on the market they can go ahead
and do it.  If people don't want to buy them, that's their choice,
and if others do decide it's worth it, they should be allowed to.
As long as TCPA is really an option, the market place is a good way
to sort things out.  But S.2048 needs to die, not for scary reasons,
but just because there's no reason for it in the first place.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-06-26 20:25:23
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper 
As long as MS Office isn't mandated by law, who cares?  So what: somebody
sends me a file.  I tell them I can't read it.  Now, they have a choice,
they can give me MS Office or they can send me ascii.  The market will
determine if "secure" OS's are useful.
DRM isn't the problem.  Legislating DRM is the problem.  You can go buy
IBM portables with secure key chips built in right now to help protect
your box and your business data.  That's TCPA.  Nothing wrong with it,
it's a good idea.
It doesn't become wrong until it becomes forced down our throats.  That's
where S.2048 becomes something to worry about, it forces us to use
hardware we don't need (or may not need for our purposes).  TCPA and DRM
are not the problem here, and privacy and copyright are side issues too.
There is no need for the law to intervene, the market will decide how all
this stuff can be used efficiently and effectively.
And that's what the entertainment industry needs to figure out and fast
too.  The law is slow.  Technology is fast.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-06-28 06:04:45
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Diffie-Hellman and MITM 
Can't be done.
You must have multiple channels, and you need to hope that all
of them can't be spoofed.  A phone call, a newspaper ad, a bill board,
a satallite link, any one of them might be spoofed.  But to spoof *all*
of them would be very hard.
If you use some kind of "security by obscurity" method, you can do
something once.  but for general security, it's not possible to just
go via the net without an out-of-band check.
A public posting of the key id is a pretty safe way for a large
company or organization.  A .sig with your key id is another good
way, it leaves traces all over the net for a long time.  The point
is that you have to leave some kind of trace that's checkable via
an effective alternate channel.  Otherwise, the MITM wins.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-06-28 19:23:26
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper 
All future songs of *some* companies.  As long as it's an option, there
will be people out there selling CD's to get their music out.  You're not
missing anything.  The question is: will it always be an option?
I hope so.  A bunch of huge companies that need encrypted set top boxes
tied directly to an HDTV and hard to physically hack means lots of jobs.
And they will compete with the markets already in place.  So that's more
jobs for more engineers.
If it's not an option, economics is the least of our problems.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-05-22 18:29:38
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Testing.. 
That depends on the gender "preference" of the reader I think - might not
be disgusting to the right state of mind :-)
That's not sick, it's funny!
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-05-24 06:44:08
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Mersenne Twister 
I've got code posted on the authors web page.  Do a web search of Mersenne
Twister and you'll get there eventually.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-05-24 09:28:39
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: MPAA wants all A/D converters to implement copyright  
Yes.  It is not really possible to put into words just how insane this is
is it?  I'm gonna try to sit down with a senator's aide who's working on
this as soon as possible, I think the guys from wisconsin on on the
judiciary committee..
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-05-26 09:15:59
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: NYT: Techies Now Respect Government 
Great propaganda!  Nice to know the press still has the will to force
words into all our mouths.  What a bunch of losers.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-05-28 06:48:12
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Missing pieces? 
I'm not sure he gets the sarcasm :-)
Speaking of power grabs, I just sent a 4 page letter to my senator on the
Judiciary committee on S.2048 - the bill to make A/D converters test for
copyright notice.  We can't stop power grabs, but we can at least educate
clueless politicians.  Probably won't change anything, but at least we can
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-05-28 11:46:43
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Missing pieces? 
Yeah, that's a grim position to be in.  At least my congress critters
write back.
Good luck, robots aren't too great with jokes :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-05-29 09:05:25
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: When encryption is also authentication... 
This is kinda the opposite of...
this.  Having it be "transparent" where the user doesn't need to know
anything about how it works does not have to destroy the effectiveness of
digital signatures or crypto.  When people sign a document they don't know
all the ramifications because few bother to read all of any document they
sign - most of it won't apply as long as you keep your part of the bargin,
so why bother?
The same thing should be true of digital signatures.  The user shouldn't
have to know a thing, other than they've made a promise they better keep
or all the bad clauses really do apply, and the proof of their signature
will come to haunt them.  The way the digital signature works does not
matter to them, and it shouldn't need to.
If digital crypto, signatures or e-cash are going to get into mass appeal,
then their operations will be "magic" to the majority.  And it all has to
work, to 1 part in 10^8th or better, without user comprehension.
It may well take "user intervention" to create a signature, but they
shouldn't have to know what they are doing.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-05-29 10:47:36
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: When encryption is also authentication... 
Yes of course - the point of signing something is a promise.  The act of
signing by pen is just being transformed into a different kind of act.
I think typing a pass phrase is better than a click, but we'll see what
the market develops.
Graham, there are many university profs interested in security on the net,
and the medical field is just starting to get into this in a big way.  I'm
not sure they are following consumers, but a web search on "medical
crypto" may find you a lot of interesting tidbits.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-05-30 06:43:40
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: FC: Hollywood wants to plug "analog hole," regulate A-D  
If they don't they are screwed.
And everyone outside the US will build their cards without the detector,
or with a software switch to turn it off so they can sell more in the US.
Common sense says they are corrupt pigs who will stop at nothing to
get their profits back up.
And what are they going to do when people build MP3 players from auto
ADC's that don't detect watermarks?  Make them illegal?
And what's to prevent it from happening at a high level if there's
enough profit in it?  MPAA is a tiny market compared to the rest of
the electronics industry - it will be easy to bypass the law on a
huge scale.  You don't need to be a "sufficiently talented electrical
engineer" when you can go across the border, buy 1000 simple/cheap
devices and bring 'em back in your pickup truck.
MPAA is definitly a waste of everybody's time.  They need to be shot
so we don't have to listen to them anymore!!!
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-05-30 08:46:21
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: When encryption is also authentication... 
I don't think so.  If they are fool enough to sign a document without
reading it, it's the same as using a pen to sign a contract without
reading it.  A fool is a fool, why try to protect them?  It's pretty
hopeless to try because fools are so clever!
I don't have a problem with a signing system that requires the user to
do something (like maybe even use a pda stylus and actually sign with
their own handwriting), but *forcing* them to read a contract is just
plain silly.  When enough fools have been burned by a scam, the word
will get out and the rest of the fools who don't read contracts might
think about not signing.
An e-signature can have the same weight in law as an ink one, and the
same rules apply.  A fool and their money are soon parted.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-05-30 13:35:58
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: When encryption is also authentication... 
Thanks, that was very enlightening.  The URL is good too - they mention
that "An electronic signature is defined as being:
   an electronic sound, symbol or process attached to or
   logically associated with a contract or other record and
   executed or adopted by a person with the intent to sign
   the record. "
I would never have thought of making a sound as part of a signature!
but for voice prints, it might be a good idea.
Yes, and even if we tried to give input nobody would listen to me :-)
Most of the issues here are human interface, what is reasonable to expect
for a valid contract.  The only thing I've ever "signed" online is an
order for parts via credit card, and so far it's never been a legal
But I see where there could be major problems if people aren't really damn
careful, so I'll probably be a lot more careful than I thought I was
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-05-31 06:18:52
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: How can i check the authenticity of a private key 
You don't have to send the public key to a repository,
it's just convienient.
With ECC you just recompute the public key from the private
key and make sure it matches what's out in public.  With
RSA you just pick some random value (not zero or 1) and
see if r^(e*d) = 1 mod N, or if you know p and q (where
N = p*q) check that e*d = 1 mod (p-1)*(q-1).  It's the
same thing as encrypting/decrypting something to see if
you get the same thing back.  If not, something is wrong.
I'm not sure how you can tell which key might be corrupted.
For the public side, having the key reside in many places
would do it - you can just check that they are all the same.
so it may well be that saving the public key in a private
place for that purpose is also useful.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-11-07 06:18:35
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: New Protection for 802.11 
Because e-mail goes over a wire and Wifi is broadcast.
Tapping wires is harder than setting up an antenna in
a truck outside your building.
It has a lot to do with psycology and magazine articles.  It has nothing
to do with security.  If a lot of people were getting screwed because
their e-mail was being read, and it got written up in PC magazine,
security would be a much bigger issue.  A lot of Wifi users have been
screwed and it's showed up in trade journals.  That's all!
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-11-09 20:10:22
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Photos in transport plane of prisoners: Time for eJazeera? 
If you can actually build links between service personell and the public,
you don't need a document that says how to do shit.  You use what ya got
and ship the best you can do out to the real world.
As long as there are people in the military who are willing and able to
inform us on what they are *really* doing, we actually can feel pretty
comfortable with their missions.  It's gonna take a full polilce state
to prevent the dissemination of this kind of info.
Having known safe places and methods to send the info so the sender is
always anonyomous is hard.  Trash bags in parks isn't such a bad method
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-11-10 14:56:04
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Photos in transport plane of prisoners: Time for eJazeera? 
that kind of info can be limited by simply shooting everyone who was
close enough to take pictures.  No other military personell are going to
risk taking more.
Drugs are different than info.  there's real cash transfered, so guards
can quadruple their paychecks in a week.  But maybe that's a hint on how
to keep info flowing :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-11-13 19:50:29
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: The End of the Golden Age of Crypto 
Don't bet on it.  I was in a discussion group a week or so ago and one
lady who is super devout (of some christian sect, I'm not really sure
which one) claimed that she was always "testing her faith" every day.
It really shook me up because I have faith in testing.  Religion and
reason are not in the same universe!
My favorite response on the subject of god is "I have no need of that
hypothisis".  I forget who it's attributed to, but I think it was from the
late 1800's.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-11-14 10:13:11
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: The End of the Golden Age of Crypto 
I won't disagree, but I think we better live in a bunker!
thank you!  Looks like my date was off by 100 years :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-11-18 07:46:47
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: (Being able to) sell votes 
I think it's pretty well demonstrated the person with the most money wins.
It would be a good way to build more respect for the dead, that's all :-)
Wouldn't change the outcome of any election, but it might improve the
living standards of those who least vote.  At least for a day or so...
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-11-20 19:50:31
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: DMCA Feedback 
There's a few opinionated people on this list, I think :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Subj:	[PKILAB] [SECRSCH] DMCA Feedback
For anyone who is interested in voicing their opinion, the US Copyright
Office is accepting feedback on the effects of the DMCA (Digital Millenium
Copyright Act).  Feedback will not change the law but may affect

@_date: 2002-11-23 20:44:31
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: TIA presentation 
And check out the comment at the bottom:
A lot of initiatives have been started since 911, but DARPA is in a
position to take high
  risks and think boldly about what can be done to solve this national
problem.  We can not
  tolerate more 911?a.  The solution is truly ?DARPA hard.?
Talk about "new speak".  Or are all Masons this nuts?
Congress actually noticed, that was nice.
nuclear powered weapons don't need to expend all their energy in 10
nanoseconds.  10 guys with plasma swords could be pretty effective at
pest removal.  Besides, you got a lot more offices to clean out than just
one city.
But voting is easier.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-10-28 09:29:51
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Confiscation of Anti-War Video 
You probably can do something like it in Tokyo right now.  There
are lots of cell phones with cameras built in there.  You just press a
button and send it as e-mail.  Not exactly streaming video, but 1 frame
every couple of seconds by 5 people could be done very easily.
I saw 10 year old kids playing with the things.  They were taking pictures
of their noses, and watching their friends on another train send pictures
back.  It felt like I was living in the dark ages coming back to the US!
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-09-03 16:05:12
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Shooting cops is an Adrenaline rush.Its also more popular this 
Two police were killed in their car by a 27 year old driver in Wisconsin
USA last month.  No motive known - he just floored it and ramed the cop
car full speed and T-boned it.
An interesting sociological phenomena.  Be interesting to see how much
longer it lasts.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2002-09-13 19:35:50
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: The Case Against Steganography In Perceptually Encoded 
Since MP3 and JPG are lossy compression you don't want to use them in
any case - you really screw up the image if you attach random data
to the compressed values, and you lose the data completely if you
try to compress the stegonagraphic info.  So it's not useful for more
basic reasons.
It doesn't have to be random, it has to be complete.  Random is definitly
better, but it's unlikely that steganography would be needed if one could
send random data for any reason to begin with.  You want the message to be
invisible, and anyone looking for hidden messages is certain to scan
"random" data and check it for statistics.  The power of statistics makes
steganography really hard.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-04-09 18:55:25
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: "Lone terrorist" bill 
That's a pretty nead idea for a detonator.  Especially in a haystack :-)
Exactly.  So can anyone be painted as a terrorist.
This is where hacking becomes an interesting terror weapon.
It's a good recipie.  A hacker can make someone look like a terrorist.
Good targets would be children of aparatchitks.  They would have access to
lots of "dangerous things" and they'd be near privledged info (even if
they  don't know that).  After a few 100 15 year olds get busted who are
all related to "powers that be", the conspiricy theorists might notice.
But until it happens to a few 1000, nobody will take it very seriously.
After all, the corruption is so deep right now that when governor's
daughters get caught with coke, nobody cares.  But being sent away with no
hope of ever seeing daylight again might make the recipie a touch more
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-04-10 07:27:55
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: The secret government marches on... 
was the first of 12,000 hits I got
from google.  Seems it's widely known.  Not even news anymore.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-04-10 20:06:41
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: "Stay Behind" strategies in Iraq 
How about there's no way in hell they'd bother.  Al Qaida is already
more sophisticated than anything Saddam has figured out.
Very much an optimist, it's not gonna happen.  Even Robert Fisk describes
the left over fighters as "hopeless and pathetic".  At the same time he
admires their courage, sort of as a level of insanity.
The US is going to steal the oil, and the peasants living there will get
nothing.  And because they have nothing, they can't fight back.  Slavery
works.  And it's coming to the US soon I bet (as soon as Hatch finishes
Patriot 2 in permentent form).  Who's going to fire the first shot of
revolution in the US?  Oh I forgot, OK City was the first shot.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-04-16 06:24:34
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Kill MS, again, but sideways 
[rant snipped]
I guess I have to agree :-)  Back in the early '80's I reverse engineered
a Harris PBX.  Replacing its 8080 microprocessor with a 68020 allowed me
to take over total control of the switch and make the long distance
company I worked in far more competitive.  It took a lot of effort and
equipment, and Harris Corp. never even believed we did it.  Good thing,
or they would have probably sued us!
Reverse engineering in that case makes 1 company far more competitive.
But in most cases simply understanding the principles is all you need
to build a better product.  The problem is then manufacturing, marketing
and selling the better product.  Most people are lazy, they just steal
the idea and duplicate the principles, maybe with cheaper parts.  That's
where I think the lawyers have a good job.  But if someone can figure
out a better way to do things, then the person who hired the lawyers to
harrass them needs to be boiled in oil.  Anything that slows the advance
of technology is a bad thing, and there's too many laws now aimed at
exactly that.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-04-17 07:41:21
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Key Republican Not Sure on Patriot Act 
There's 2 sides to that move - by forcing Israel to join the no WMD
group they'd have to eliminate their nukes.  No way Israelies will
go for that, so the US loses face again.  This helps all the Osama's
even more (plus it gives Iran a good reason to go to Pakistan for the
last bit of help they need to complete their weapons.)
So the US better conquer the whole area pretty quickly or it'll be dealing
with nuclear powers instead of chemcial ones.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-04-18 11:47:41
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Who needs Padilla when you have FedEx?  
Pretty impressive how little radiation dose the exposed people got
for how hot that is!  But it does show you should try to hijack
cargo planes instead of passenger planes if you really want to create som
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-04-26 19:55:24
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Secret Service Buffoons 
Shouldn't be too hard, seems they are used to pencil and paper :-)
Because you could pick off his login and trace him back :-)
More proof all our fears of the government actually being dangerous are
totally false.  They are incompetent beyond comprehension.  I think I
better go check out that movie "Brazil" again.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-04-27 20:01:05
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: How convenient... 
My bet the purpose of the looting was to allow the planting of all kids
of "documents" like this.  If they were in a hurry to destroy documents,
fire would have worked pretty damn well, not white out.
Some of the most dangerous hypocrites on the planet.  But we'll see if
this is similar to the Russian invasion in '68 (they just took cz) or the
German invasion of Poland in '39.  In any case, those empires collapsed,
so there's hope the American empire will collapse too.  The Berlin wall
didn't come down 'till '89 tho, so it could be a while yet before the US
grinds to a halt.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-04-29 06:33:21
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: All trust is economics 
I don't see how.  There's an aweful lot of math that hasn't been
discovered yet.  So you can't prove a negative simply because you
don't know all the possible methods (and never will!)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-04-29 06:42:21
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: text analysis 
Maybe they'd do better if they guessed their "gender preference" instead
of their sex :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-04-30 06:59:06
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Secret Service Buffoons 
Yes, dangerous to some individuals, but too incompetent to be dangerous
to everyone.  Once they cross the line and do become dangerous to everyone
maybe things will change.  And maybe not.  History says people have to
suffer a long time before they decide to fight back.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-04-30 07:08:24
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Fake News for Big Brother 
Yes, they are considered "persons" in a ficticioius way.  so are
houses - a house can be confiscated if one person living in it was
either a "drug dealer" or "terrorist.  The owner need not know, the
house is guilty of being an accomplice.  Insane?  Yes, but what else is
new in the US :-)
You are confusing common sense with law.  A very silly thing to do!
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-08-01 19:28:36
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Digicash Patents, patent-expiry landrushes 
the major one is hardware, and it expires in april 2005.  A minor one is
MQV, and it expires soon after.  Otherwise, there's not that many patents
on ECC.  No need to, people keep finding faster ways of doing things and
publishing it :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-08-01 19:35:43
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Poindexter to Resign 
I think there's a lot in the game to that.  He *will* resign,
he won't be fired :-)
That has nothing to do with it.  The pentagon had a choice, fire
Poindexter or lose all of DARPA.  DARPA  has a lot of cool programs that
are too important to lose, and Poindexter was giving them bad publicity.
Poindexter was no big deal.  For the pentagon it is a big deal.  So they
rid themselves of Poindexter and save everything else.  Even Rumsfeld can
understand that :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-08-02 21:01:47
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Secure IDE? (fwd) 
Forwarded by request.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
sector address as the IV. IVs don't need to be
 random, secret, or
unpredictable - they just need to be unrepeated.
 (I'm
 assuming
 sector-at-a-
time encryption).
If the IV is not a secret how are we going to prevent
block replay attacks on cipher text?
Regards Sarath.
 >
pgut001 at cs.auckland.ac.nz[SMTP:pgut001 at cs.auckland.ac.nz]
 > >>>with a good distribution of IVs
 > >>
 > >>Where would you store them?  The feature of this
 > is that it's fully
 > >>transparent, so you can't store IVs anywhere.
 > >
 > >I'm not really up on crypto file systems, but I
 > beleive at least some use the
 > >sector address as the IV. IVs don't need to be
 > random, secret, or
 > >unpredictable - they just need to be unrepeated.
 > (I'm assuming sector-at-a-
 > >time encryption).
 >
 > But the IV is repeated, every time you encrypt new
 > data for that sector.  You
 > need to either store a random IV for each sector
 > (usually infeasible) or make
 > two passes over the data (details vary), using the
 > output from pass 1 to
 > affect pass 2 (slow).
 >
 > >>>* Some kind of PIN or password protection on
 the
 > dongle.
 > >>
 > >>How would you do this without a custom BIOS
 > (remember that their general
 > >>product is for dropping into any PC)?
 > >
 > >We're talking about two different products. The
 > ABIT is a MB, presumably with
 > >it's own custom BIOS, so that's not an issue
 there.
 >
 > Customised, not custom.  Think of it as a
 > Chinese-menu type setup, it's a one-
 > size-fits-all BIOS with appropriate modules
 compiled
 > in for handling the CPU
 > and chipset features.  Now motherboard vendors can
 > plug in their own feature
 > modules, but it's a somewhat nontrivial option
 > usually used only for highly
 > marketable features (overclocking options, ability
 > to re-flash from Windows,
 > etc etc).
 >
 > Peter.
 >
Do you Yahoo!?
Yahoo! SiteBuilder - Free, easy-to-use web site design software

@_date: 2003-02-03 12:06:02
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Shuttle Humor, Risk Estimation 
Not to mention that it's 10 years past retirement.  Not too bad,
but not so good compared to an airplane.
It's easier to just say Allah is on his side and this is proof :-)
Most people recognize accidents, and the connection between takeoff
and missing tiles is too obvious to dismiss as *the* primary cause.
Whether it's true or not remains to be seen.
I only saw him once.  He looked like Dilbert, so he'll be exactly
what every one expects.  Let's face it, TV is about stereotypes,
and he fits the bill.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-02-03 12:07:54
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: James Watson: Everyone should be DNA-fingerprinted 
How about lsd'd?  Then he won't know the difference between "real" and his
head :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-02-03 18:40:57
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Shuttle Humor, Risk Estimation 
I heard this afternoon on NPR that NASA reported one of the engines was on
full blast attempting to correct for high drag on the left side.  Add this
to the high wheel temp before sensor loss - the landing gear was down.
The Columbia had just gotten the new "glass cockpit", all new computers.
I bet there was a bug in the code someplace that lowered the landing gear
and didn't report it via normal channels.  On an airplane lowering your
landing gear early isn't that big a deal.  But at mach 18 it's pretty
No way to inspect for that when your instruments don't report what your
equipment is doing.  I bet it's a combination of minor problems, with a
bit in a rom going bad maybe.  As the Major said, chalk one up for Allah.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-02-05 07:48:13
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Feds pull plug on suspicious "cyberwarfare" .gov site 
I followed down the page and found a name, then googled for it.  Check
this out and laugh your butt off!
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-02-09 14:32:13
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: [IP] Open Source TCPA driver and white papers (fwd) 
TPM != TCPA.  TCPA with *user* control is good.
It's bad only if the *user* does not have control over their own machines.
If each enterprise can control their own machines, completely
independently of all other external organizations, then TCPA could be
really useful.  If only Bill Gates controls all machines, it's bad for the
rest of us (but pretty damn good for Bill!!)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-02-09 14:43:22
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: My favorite line from the DOJ's latest draft bill 
That's a good find!  People sitting around laughing their butts off is
really a dangerous phenomena!  Just like the killing of 3000 people!
I want the drugs those guys have, there's no view of reality warped quite
that bad I've ever seen on of my "trips!"
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-02-10 07:44:27
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: My favorite line from the DOJ's latest draft bill 
Yup, leading robots is so much more fun than actually doing
something useful.  At least for 9 year olds anyway :-)
I'm not so sure this emperor could handle psycedelics.  Might
break the robotic connections :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-02-10 07:50:25
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: The Space Shuttle's Secret Military Mission  
I love conspiricy theory!  Take totally unrelated stuff, mix it together
and voila - instant evil!  The problem with this article is that it uses
a reference (to a really cool idea BTW) for a nuclear *rocket engine*
and then claims that this is an *actual* power supply!  It's totally
bogus dude.
But thanks for the reference to the rocket engine, I need to read that
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-01-01 19:12:28
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Dossiers and Customer Courtesy Cards 
They'd love that, but know better.
Well, my wife has gotten 2 (!) flower pots for being the "in top 10
spenders" at our local grocery store.  They delivered to our door.
Couldn't do that if it wasn't a real address.
They do print out coupons based on products purchased - they try to
get you to buy competitors brands.  I don't know how much the competitors
pay for this service, but it's definitly tied into purchase patterns.
What will Ridge do with that info?  Who knows, but it ain't good.
But we have a military division devoted to psychowar.  I would assume
they'd use brand and product tracing to get a handle on how to freak
people out.
It will.  The dictatorship isn't quite as complete as they'd like.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-01-01 19:45:52
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: constant encryped stream 
from a kids cartoon a couple weeks ago: put a bowl of marbles next to the
door.  All but one the same color.  Whoever spills the marbles doesn't
know where you put the "wrong" one (nor how many there were if you can put
a few holes in the floor :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-01-02 06:27:23
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Dossiers and Customer Courtesy Cards 
It's a nice idea, but they have several people on one card.
When my kids are teenagers, they'll have the same card I
and my wife have.  So they have whole families in that data
mix.  I'd think they would try to correlate the cash register
data with each person - the kids are in the candy corner,
the dad is getting the beer and mom is getting the chips.
Doesn't seem like a very simple problem to me!
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-01-02 13:16:40
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: QM, Bell's Inequality and Quantum Cryptosystems 
This really gets into my interpretation.  I don't need hidden
variables.  The crux to me is that the particles are correlated
and we use math to describe the probability of what the correlation is.
Once we measure one particle we know the other one.  Before we measure
we don't know anything.  That's all.  QM tells us what the probability
distribution is for any given measurement, it can't tell us anything
about a particular outcome.
In my model there is no instantaneous choice.  It was chosen at
the start.  We can not know anything about the correlation until
we measure, then we know everything.
Yeah, Scientific American has some really nice "popular" descriptions
of these things.  It just doesn't seem weird to me.  It seems like
reality.  :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-01-07 19:37:30
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Television 
That was rude and impolite.  But I couldn't stop laughing for quite a
while :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-01-08 19:15:01
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Crytpo algorithm? 
Hey guys, (are there *any* women reading this list?) I actually have a
crypto question.
In the TI docs for their Digital Signature Transponder they reference
document number 24-09-05-012 "Digital Signature Transponder Algorithm and
Software Requirements".  This seems to be a trade secret since they say an
NDA is required to get it.
It really isn't anything close to a "digital signature", it's more like a
hashing algorithm.  The key is 40 bits and the result is 24 bits.  The
basic operation is to send a 40 bit challenge and then check the 24 bit
result for a go/nogo final output.
The whole thing runs at 134 kHz, so it shouldn't take much to hack
something up to watch bits fly around.  While this challenge is enticing
because it's so easy with not much effort, it's still easier to ask for
details which might actually be available.
Has anyone seen the actual crypto algorithm used in the TI DST devices?
And how close is it to the Ford Securilock E-PATS system?
Just curious :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-01-09 20:33:07
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Indo European Origins and other stuff 
Some people think list-servs are a form of torture :-)
The main thrust of destroying the constitution was completed in the 70's
with RICO and polished off with the WoD in the 80's.  By 2000 even some
congress critters were noticing and were actually trying to slow down
forfiture law.  But it's all out the window now, and the precedents are
set.  The "illegal combatant" fiction is just one more small step in a few
decades of totalitarian crap.
Fortunatly dictators are incompetent idiots.  It's not that hard to stay
out of their way.  But it seems to me it's safe to assume the US is a
totalitarian state and act accordingly.  Be a bureaucrat to survive,
and maybe we'll get a Gorbachev to tear the whole thing down.  Only
another 40 years to go!
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-01-24 15:09:11
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: thumdrive integrity --Deniable Thumbdrive? 
The 232BM version is easier to use and costs the same.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-01-28 19:07:04
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Palm Pilot Handshake 
Or punch him in the nose :-)
It's there.  And you have lots of choices of algorithms too.  Maybe too
many choices...
It's there.  Check out "smart cards".  One chip does the job quite nicely.
Way too many choices there too.
Do a web search for "secure cryptographic hardware".  Have lots of time to
read :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-01-28 19:11:29
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: the news from bush's speech 
Yeah, like Ames, Hanson and Pollard.  Definitly the right people in the
right places.
A friend of mine had a sign in his office that said "I can't tell if the
world is run by smart men bluffing or idiots who mean it."  I think the
latter is pretty obvious in this case.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-01-29 13:00:46
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: [DIGRESSION] RE: the news from bush's speech...H-power 
Even H. Ford was figuring on using hemp for methanol.  The problem
is that you need a nuke plant to do the final distillation.  That's
politics, not economics.
Yup, the ability to run the Otto at fixed speed maximizes it's efficiency.
When the price of fuel for the 25% max efficiency runs into the 90%+
efficiency of more expensive motors, we'll see things start changing.
Just gotta kill off a few more arabs to extend the time when that happens
is all.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-01-29 15:36:20
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: [DIGRESSION] RE: the news from bush's speech...H-power 
"As befits a small car, the cheapest models come with a 1.0-litre engine
that is decent enough, though finds it hard going on the motorway."
And I bet an alcohol fueled model airplane engine gets 1000 mpg.  It
just can't lift a gallon!
We have put a lot of research money into fuel cells, and the pay off is
not in auto's, it's in battery replacement.  Energy density and economics
are both important, as is infrastructure and politics.  I'll be climbing
on my bicycle in a few minutes to ride home in the snow - it uses regular
meat and potatoes for fuel :-)  But not many people can deal with the
If we make it a law that everyone rides their bike to work so we can use
the gasoline to conquer the world, Bush might get a second term.
But let's hope not.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-01-30 08:05:46
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: the news from bush's speech...H-power 
In the '80's it was "obvious" that oil production would peak around 1995.
We've already burned up all the solar energy collected from 140 to 250
million years ago - the dinosaur model does not fit the amount of oil
we're actually finding.  There's a lot more oil in the ground (most of
it may be under the oceans) so the price isn't going to rise that much for
the next 100 years.
That doesn't make "biomass" a bad fuel, but if it's gonna compete it
will have to get down to $20/barrel to be a clear winner.
Ethanol pollutes, any hydrocarbon is going to be mixed with N2 and make
NOx, there's no getting around it with any kind of Otto engine.  Oil
doesn't *need* to make wars either.  It's just that people with guns
also happen to be oil sellers, and stealing oil is cheaper than buying
it.  We could just buy Iraqi oil and solve a lot of problems all around.
Like I've said before, the key to corruption is to make it work in
your favor.  The Romans, Spanish, French and American empires are all
the same, corruption eventually causes them to collapse.  But people
still live there, with entrenched corruption.
I think our best solution is to escape.  Mars might be far enough away
that we can start a nice civilazation.  But it'll turn corrupt eventually
because that's how humans work.  So we'll need to leave the keys for
future escapes :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-01-31 15:04:54
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Attack Is a Matter of Vulnerability 
Thanks, that was a fun read.  Won't change anything, but I liked it.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-01-31 20:22:24
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Life Sentence for Medical Marijuana? 
It's round one of the end of prohibition.  This will be overturned on
appeal eventually, and the feds will move as slowly as possible.  It's
pretty amazing Ed got away with it for so long.  I think it's proof the
feds see the end coming and are getting hopelessly desparate.
It's interesting that Canadian courts are forcing ganja legalization, and
Canadian business is using NAFTA to force the DEA into allowing hemp
products.  The US is becoming more isolated, but now it's because everyone
else is ignoring their stupidity, not because the US is ignoring everyone
The libertarians are going to have a field day with this one :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-07-02 06:23:01
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Weapons of mass destruction 
Yes, the connection of Rumsfeld to Strangelove is perfect!
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-07-07 08:04:46
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Finding collision resistant hash functions 
It can't be collision free if the number of input bits exceeds the number
of output bits.  Think about it, it should be obvious!
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-07-08 10:47:59
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool 
Yup, check out this dvd unit:
where it says: "Custom modification with code free automatic and manual
selection of regions and macrovision disabled. Excellent quality dvd
player with all the features."
"Price just reduced by over $100.  Was 249.00
Now only $129.00
The Daewoo 5800 custom modification  has been designed to make life a lot
less complicated.  It has superb Audio and video components outperforming
major brands such as Sony, Panasonic and Pioneer. "
So it won't be long before bypass systems will be commercially available.
At least in some parts of the _free_ world.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-07-08 19:15:20
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool 
Nor does it mean the op amp driving the speakers will follow them either.
High speed and power are a hard combination to build.
It's definitly why you need fast digital.  To reproduce 20+ kHz you should
use a 200kHz sample rate and have a nice filter stage before the power
amp.  "good digital" can do more things than good analog because the final
output is good analog in both cases.  The speaker driver is pure analog
by definition.
To produce 65kHz (for cats) my present boss prefers a 1 MHz sample rate.
The guys who do bats think it's good enough for 200kHz, but my boss won't
do bats - much too complex.  We've got a 25 bit dac which updates at
1 MHz, but we still need a nice filter and analog output stage for 120 dB
clean signals.  (I'm only getting 100 dB because it costs too much to
really do the best possible.)  Clearly a digital system can be built
that can create any wave form a speaker can follow, and it's easier to
control than an analog system.
The human hearing system is capable of noticing phase relations at 100kHz
rates.  So any sample rate faster than 200kHz is outside the range of
human detection.  Cats can notice phase shifts in the 200kHz range, and
bats are out in the 400kHz range.  Biological systems *are* impressive.
But digital vs analog is a silly argument, the final stage is analog.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-07-09 11:45:43
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool 
Nope.  That's why I have a job (for another couple of months anyway,
till the grant runs out.)
No, if you put 2 clicks out that are 10 usec's apart on right and
left, most people can pick out which side came first.  90% of the
time anyway.
Yup.  they sew coils into their eyes.  For humans they use contacts :-)
PETA is definitly a problem :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-07-09 14:32:53
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool (meow) 
They can tell relative phase, but it takes a lot of training.
both.  They spend a year training the cats, then a year or 2 collecting
data, then brain stain, then vaporize.  Each cat is worth about $1M when
it's all done, and it's got a lot of skull missing while it's alive.
But it's well protected with a lot of aluminum and epoxy :-)
I think you better keep it far away!  And no, they don't play with
higher order systems.  The low level stuff is hard enough!!
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-07-17 12:48:47
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Optical Tempest? I have my doubts... 
The main purpose is for academic gain.  If you'd looked at the paper a
bit, you'd have read it took about 1/2 an hour to reconstruct the image
from one screen.  It is a proof of principle concept, enough so that
multi-billion dollar espionage agencies can think about it.  At 30 fps
for a game, forget it.  But for a slow typist who has to go get a cup
of coffee because the phone rang....
It does make the game more interesting, but it's mighty easy to defeat.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-07-20 19:24:54
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Unsubtle Wetwork 
Can't be.  The US govmn't budget is only a few percent of GDP.  The
majority _can't_ depend on government, or it'll collapse.  Witness FSU.
And back to the brit, why did it take 2 days to "identify the body"?  Was
the face missing?  If so, did he blow his head off before or after
slitting his wrist :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-07-20 19:32:50
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Iraqi vs. Chechen efficiency 
The Chechen's have had a dozen years more practice.  How much
practice the Iraqi's get before the US populace changes it's mind
remains to be seen.  It took a long time for Vietnam.  Fortunatly,
I can watch from a distance.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-07-20 19:41:03
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: A day in the life 
[great story snipped]
More likely the kids were tripping on acid with a nice hash over coat.
They weren't there at all, you just imagined them :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-07-22 10:40:20
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Fisk articles 
No, but you can buy them one at a time if you like.  I'm waiting till
I get some extra cash so I can subscribe, ever since they moved Fisk over
to the pay column I've been missing a lot of good stories.  I think it's
worth paying for, I just have to justify it to my wife :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-07-23 06:09:15
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Fisk articles 
I'm looking for a new job.  If I'm lucky, I'll get a "real" one and
can send you some Fisk fix :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-07-24 19:25:30
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: A 'Funky A.T.M.' Lets You Pay for Purchases Made Online 
Excellent idea!  Since nobody on the list agrees with you any more, you
can eliminate a ton of noise from all the spammers across the globe.  My
in box will not regret it.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-07-25 10:30:46
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: R.I.P. (was: Re: A 'Funky A.T.M.' Lets You Pay for  
Right on dude!
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-07-27 06:12:44
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Dead Body Theatre 
It has more to do with the desire to own *more* stuff.  Bigger houses with
3 cars and full of wireless computers.  It has nothing to do with
government propaganda and everything to do with corporate propaganda.
It's a self full filling economic system, the more people want, the more
people work to create things that more people want!
The insaniity is self inflicted.  The French take off the whole month of
August and Americans think they are insane.  The French know how to relax!
They also live in smaller houses, only own 1 car per family and eat better
food.  If you want to live in a 5000 ft^2 house, you need 2 adults working
full time to make "ends meet".  If you live in a 1000 ft^2 house, one
adult can make the payments with one full time job.
If you are going to compare then and now, take reality into account.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-07-27 06:15:33
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Dead Body Theatre 
Yup, it is mighty hard to explain with words.  You have to see with your
own eyes how 3 billion people live to comprehend "dirt poor".
Unfortunatly, the wealthy prefer not to see.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-07-28 10:00:22
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Dead Body Theatre 
I agree.  Even India has a few with wealth far beyond the imagination of
most Americans, and many with the same living standard as Americans.  They
certainly see it.  Sarad, care to give us a short political description of
how India views its poorest population and how they want to eliminate
their suffering?  What fraction of India's population is "dirt poor"?
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-07-29 06:21:15
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: GPS blackbox tracking 
Looks pretty cool.  If you have a bluetooth transmitter you can tell it's
there.  So you don't even need to go look for it, it'll just talk to you
directly.  I can see how the trucking industry would love it :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-07-29 10:17:23
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Dead Body Theatre 
Out of a population of 900 million (or so) that's definitly the wings of
the bell curve.  The "poverty line" in the US is twice the middle class
income of India.  That's pretty stunning.
In the US, anyone below $20,000/yr income is "poor".  According
to that, 90% of India is "dirt poor"!!
Yeah, no shit.
Is this kind of a bribe?  Keep the majority happy on rations
and steal the rest for a few?
Ouch.  But at least it's an attempt.
the bribery is similar in the US, but there's definitly
a lack of respect between classes.
Part of it is because they don't have the resources, and part of it is
because they don't need to control _people_ when they can just gain wealth
instead.  that may have something to do with mutual respect.  I suspect
there's a few 1000's of years of history that helps make things the way
they are.
Thank you for the description.  I knew India had some problems, but now
I've got an idea of the scope and scale.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-07-30 13:07:17
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Pentagon discovers Assasination Politics, deadpools 
variola major virus : n) :a type of smallpox virus that has a fatality
rate of up to 25 percent
It's not rank, but I assume he'll be displeased if you call him "minor
variola" instead :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-06-13 06:16:02
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: An attack on paypal --> secure UI for browsers 
So why isn't it open for review *before* it's finalized?  Might it
give too many people an idea of what's really wrong with it?
Let's see it now.  Not after it's finisihed.
I want the drugs you are on dude.  You have a very rosy picture, and
it seems all your inputs have been hijacked by supreme chemicals!
And in the mean time the user can't control their own computer.
Very nice drug induced rant.  Too bad reality doesn't work that way.
Who owns the hardware?  The user or the RIAA?  True hardware protection
means the user is protected from Microsoft, not the other way around.
Palladium changed to NGSCB and will morph to something else and something
after that.  It won't ever fly because the user can't control their own
Trust is a two way street.  Until Microsoft learns to trust their
customers, nobody will trust Microsoft.  What we do in person we can do
on a computer.  We can con each other in person, so we'll be able to con
each other with computers.  That's how reality works, and no hardware
or laws is going to change that.
Instead of trying to wave a magic wand while everyone is on lsd, it'd
be better if Microsoft and the RIAA came out with their own hardware
for the specific purpose of DRM sales.  Everyone would know who owns
the hardware because they'd just rent it instead of buying it.  IBM
is already on the right track for this.  Microsoft has yet to get it.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-06-13 11:17:42
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Spread Spectrum Image Steganography Patent 
Thanks, interesting.  I think anyone with access to the original
picture would detect something is there, but the nice thing is
that they wouldn't know how to decode the message.  It still depends
on not messing up too many bits, which is similar to "obvious"
methods, but I like the use of erf() to estimate the message.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-06-14 06:34:54
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: An attack on paypal --> secure UI for browsers 
Hmmmm.... Why is it that only liars are proposing it and defenders hide in
the anonymous weeds?
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-06-18 06:25:52
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: [Brinworld] Car's data recorder convicts driver 
Reminds me of the first time I saw a guy with a "brick phone".
I'm in a bar eating a burger and drinking beer, and this guy sits
down one seat away from me, pulls out this huge cell phone, and
starts punching away.  10 seconds later he's saying "I'll be
late coming home, I have more work to do in the office".  Like she
can't here the background music!  Oh well, I was getting paid for
his air time :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-06-18 19:41:53
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: [Brinworld] Car's data recorder convicts driver 
Automotive environments are known to be harsh, so electronics is protected
to some extent.  The assumption is that spark plug voltages can get into
sensors, so most data lines are protected as are the sensor lines.  If you
try to fry things with double the voltage of a standard spark plug it may
not work, if you use 10 times that it will, but the ESD protection will
obviously be blown too.  That begins to look suspicious (but I doubt
anyone could _prove_ you fried it on purpose).
The main question is how deep is the memory of these things.  If they only
remember the last catastrophic event then "privacy" isn't a problem.  The
actual routes taken are not stored.  If you are in an accident and the
cops ask you to take a breath test, you can take the test or not - and
deal with the consequences of the legal system based on your choice.  The
data taken from the recorder for the "event" is then corroboration, which
may help instead of hurt you.
If the box remembers everything you do, and the garage mechanic can use it
to blackmail you, then it becomes a "privacy" issue.  I think the issue is
when data is removed, and how much is actually stored.  Can anybody
explain the details?
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-06-19 19:47:06
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Crypto chip article 
The recent mailing from Dallas-Maxim included their "microcontroller
engineering review" volume 2.  There's an article inside called
"SRAM-based microcontroller optimizes security" with some nice pictures of
a chip that's been burned open by acid.  Their note 3 is really cute too.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-05-01 08:18:10
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Mike Hawash 
You're supposed to add the smily with that kind of comment.  Someone might
think you were serious, and Tim packs iron (that thows lead real fast)!
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-05-01 19:11:29
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Quarantines may be justified 
"young" is a point of view too.  Did you care much more about anything but
yourself when you were 1 year old?  Of course not, and I don't think that
view expands all that fast for most people.  By the time we're ten, we
know the rest of the world is out there, but who cares?  The basic view is
"how does it affect *me*?"  Nobody cares about the rights of others, they
only care about themselves.  Which is why we end up with stupid laws.
Being able to abstract what we want to others always involves the
assumption that others are like us.  That's why politicians are so good at
name calling, they know they lie cheat and steal, so they blame the other
guy for doing the same thing.
Jumping up a level of abstraction to figure out how we really can all be
different and still get along is a very hard chore.  This list is a
microcosim of the whole world - it's weird, it's different and it has more
than enough town fools.
Some temples burn incense all day long - that's "smoking" too.  Is a
zoning law going to interfere with first amendment rights of religion?
Maybe.  Airports are always initially built far away from cities, and then
people move in around them and complain about the noise.  It's the same
thing - you try to solve the problem, but it comes back later anyway.
Being able to draw lines and say where and when things are allowable makes
more sense than banning behavior.  If some societies decide smoking in
public isn't allowed, that's one solution.  Other societies might choose
to draw the line in children's parks.  The point is the group that decides
has to live with its decisions - and we can argue all we want about how
stupid the decisions are, but we still gotta convince the voters to change
their minds.  And until it directly actually affects them, most people
just won't care.
Freedom is too abstract, until it's *your* door that gets kicked down in
the middle of the night.  Especially if you happen to be smoking ganja.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-05-02 10:47:50
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Why are there so many statists and communists here on this 
To drive you nuts.  We all work for the CIA, MI5 and Mossad.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-05-02 10:54:22
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Hippies Banning Smoke 
Yeah I miss boulder in the 70's.  "hey man, you need some weed, acid
or coke?"  You couldn't go 10 steps on Pearl street without hearing that.
Hypocrisy is the in thing now tho.  If the President can go from snorting
coke to stealing millions of barrels of oil a day, why can't everyone
else?  It's so much easier to steal than to work after all.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-05-02 12:17:41
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Why are there so many statists and communists here on this 
The KGB isn't what it used to be, they'd make it easier to recycle
all that stuff.  China is up and coming tho, it's a lot easier to
make it go around when you have lots of double agents to blame it on.
The key is make sure they aren't pissed at *you*.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-05-02 14:14:13
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Burning off the useless eaters 
That's good, I thought it was Madison WI.  Home of the "The Progessive"
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-05-04 07:30:40
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Loyalty Day 
Holy shit, I thought it was joke.  I can't wait to spread this one around
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-05-05 18:50:53
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Why are there so many statists and communists here on this  
How do you know he's serious?  He could just be trolling you.
Naw, we just use more subtle techniques.  Like calling Tim a "soccer mom".
Anybody who takes Tim seriously is messed up.  Like the feds :-)  He's
just your run of the mill nut case who's pretending to be a white
supremiscist because it gets people riled up.  Then again, maybe he really
is a texan living in CA.
What difference does it make really?  If he's scaring you, then you need
to visit the wizard and get some courage.  It's better to laugh at him.
That's what I do :-)
And I don't have to worry about him reading any of this, because he
"plonked" me a long time ago!
So chill out dude, and enjoy the conversation as just ephemeral bits.  Now
and then even a blind chicken gets a kernel of corn, so it doesn't hurt to
skim things.  Besides, there's more than enough skill here to nuke Tim off
the face of the earth if we *really* have to.  It's just more fun to take
a hit and laugh tho.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-05-07 07:48:29
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Asperger's Syndrome 
Sugar.  That's all.  Kids get really hyper when fed tons of soda, candy
and chocolate.  There's a good example of how to eliminate the problem
right here in Wisconsin - the Appleton (or Oshkosh, but there abouts)
school systems have gone to feeding kids bread, carrots and milk several
times during the day, and have no behavioural problems.  Getting the
obvious to be seen in Madison is quite a chore!
It's more like the "publish or perish" syndrome.  Some field of profs
needs to create a new thing so they can keep getting funding for "research".
Dumbing down of Americans has been going on for a long time.  But I'm
not sure that's real either.  How long have the majority of people been
going past 8th grade education?  I don't think that was true 100 years
ago.  I don't think people are any dumber now than they have been over the
past 10,000 years.  We're giving primates cars and supprised they don't
understand basic physics.
We used to think DDT was great stuff.  It took a while to learn otherwise.
Maybe smarts comes from being "sick".  But I kinda doubt it, it's more
likely we're still on the learning curve and we need to get our
environment right to optimize collective social intellegence.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-05-07 18:52:43
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Asperger's Syndrome 
Missed attribution - I think Harmon wrote that and I quoted him.
I think it's back to "we don't really know", but we may have a
way to slow it down.
Thanks for that, interesting.
3e6 out of 6e9 is pretty small.  What's the stats on HIV?
What is your environment creates adaptation.
Yeah, fire did a lot for primates!
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-05-07 19:04:30
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Asperger's Syndrome 
Hard to say because you were only exposed a few times.  If you don't have
any genetic triggers, it may have no effect at all.  Not to mention all
the other chemicals you've been exposed to that might couteract any
effect, and lack of exposure to accelerants.  I've seen pictures of DDT
fogs at beaches crowded with people.  At the time, it was considered
harmless to humans.  It may actually be harmless to us, it's just not
harmless to everything else.
A world without mosquitoes would be pretty bleak given how many other
things eat them.  Better to wipe out the malaria and swat the mosquitos!
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-05-08 10:37:52
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Asperger's Syndrome 
Yeah, the woods are thick with greens around here.  All of them hypocrites
who'd love that form of extinction!  :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-05-08 11:40:38
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Asperger's Syndrome 
Welcome to the insane asylum :-)
Yup, Muir's quote hit that too.
It's interesting that pathogens are learning how to bypass their
normal vectors and going straight for the target (HIV and SARS come to
mind).  Plague rode on fleas that rode on rats, and it covered the planet.
SARS rides the host on airplanes and covers the planet a hell of a lot
faster.  Ebola is fortunatly self limiting, but seems to be wiping out all
primates in its zone of influence.  Let's hope that thing doesn't learn a
better vector!
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-05-10 20:49:44
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Asperger's Syndrome 
I always saw the sticker NUKE THE UNBORN GAY WHALES.  Pisses off more
people :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-05-11 11:56:22
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Asperger's Syndrome 
I must be getting old, I didn't remember that.  Sounds like a good
addition tho!
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-05-13 10:10:29
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Hunting spam 
The following was posted on comp.dsp today.  Maybe someone
on this list would like to pay them a visit?
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr.  mike
------------------------Forwarded post-------------------------
So who are the honourable gentlemen in the bulk e-mail business?
This gentleman is one of the greatest spammers ever:
Alan Ralsky
Alan Murray Ralsky
6747 Minnow Pond Dr,
MI 48322
Telephone: 248-926-0688
E-mail: amr777 at comcast.net
"The computers in Ralsky's basement control 190
e-mail servers -- 110 located in Southfield, 50 in Dallas and 30 more
in Canada, China, Russia and India. Each computer, he said, is capable
of sending out 650,000 messages every hour -- more than a billion a day

@_date: 2003-05-14 20:04:41
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Fatherland tries to tie pot to 'terrorists' 
Let's see, Afghanistan produces more opium than any other place on the
planet, heroin gets orders of magnitude more $/kilo, so "terrorists"
need to pay mexico to grow pot.
It's a big enough lie, most people will swallow it!
Sheesh, like the CIA needs another cash crop...
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-05-16 06:13:51
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Fatherland tries to tie pot to 'terrorists' 
This is what I've read from people on the ground there now.  Basicly,
opium is a crop for sale, but hash is the drug of choice.
It grows well there on top of it all, and gets a high value.
All the rest is opportunism.
I guess it'd be nice if a lot of that "nice quality hash" made
it back to the US.  But I suspect our troops will smoke it all first!
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-05-16 08:16:39
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: IEEE and DMCA 
I don't know if anyone here is a member of the IEEE, but here's a couple
of interesting comments that came in my mail box this morning.  Seems
like the IEEE isn't interested in crypto research?
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-05-16 14:07:20
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Fatherland tries to tie pot to 'terrorists' 
You think most of these posts are by sober people??
Not really.  In the 70's people would toke leaf.  Now everyone
knows that's pointless.  The THC content of hash has been relativly
constant for the past 1000 years.  The flavor and distribution of
canabinoids is more varied now, so the "high" is different between
body effect and mental effect (and now we know why too - the receptors
in the cerebelum are different than those in the frontal lobes, but
are designed for the same brain chemical that canabinoids mimic).
Yeah, there's a few counties in Tennessee where they can't get a jury
to convict anyone for growing pot, so the feds have to request the
trial in other places.  But only the feds bother :-)
Probably not crypto related, just sensor/transmitter.  Most growers
are moving to Canada tho, it looks like Canada will go decrim this year
or next.  "Yeah, it's my private plot.  That one is my brother's and
that one is my mom's!"
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-05-17 15:19:09
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: IEEE and DMCA  
Maybe, or else they are thinking of bringing it back.  Worth while to
double check, especially if it's been hammered out already.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-05-18 11:11:37
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Underestimating long-term consequences of cryptoanarchy 
It should be easy to create a test for memes.  The cave dweller experiment
to find natural circadian rythm could be done with a group of people.  In
the control group, don't introduce anything new, and in the experimental
group, introduce a specific meme.  If meme theory is correct, you'd be
able to predict how the experimental group does compared to the control
group.  If it's true there are not possible predictions, that would put an
end to meme theory once and for all.  Any psycologists doing this kind of
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-05-18 20:07:08
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Good things gro-o-o-o-w, in Ontario-o-o-o... 
Yup, 28.8 gm/lid, so 15 gm is a touch more than 1/2 a bag.  I've seen
"real" stoners toke that much sinse in an hour, but for most people it's
going to last a lot longer.
Yup, getting to the party will be a lot easier!
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-05-19 13:37:09
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Good things gro-o-o-o-w, in Ontario-o-o-o... 
Let's hope not :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-05-21 19:55:00
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Why I Could Never Be a Lawyer 
They don't.  They like law because it is interesting to them.  It is
interesting like a novel, or an encyclopedia.  When I was a kid I used to
love flipping the pages of an encyclopedia - usually forgetting what I was
originally looking for.  I liked the information - lawyers like the words.
Some people like studying bugs.  Some people like studying brain cells.
Some people like studying anything, because *everything* is interesting.
If you think about anything deeply enough, you find out there's a lot you
don't understand.
As the number of people increase, the social pressure increases, and we
begin to cook in ways we didn't think possible.  Law is supposed to
aleviate that pressure, but it usually backfires.  Lawyers like words,
they don't really care about what they mean in an overall picture of
society, rather than how they relate to each other.
I'm glad Tim knows he can't be a lawyer, but given his comments here,
there may come a day when he'll appreciate what they can do with words.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-05-23 10:23:37
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: RSA/DSA questions 
You might find this interesting:
I'd think a web search on buzz words found there would come up with
something to read :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-05-24 19:14:30
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: RSA/DSA questions 
Yeah, that looks like the "1 from each column" joke :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 2003-05-30 11:08:25
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: 8-bit modular exponentiation code? 
It can't be that hard to modify it to work with an 8 bitter.  I've
written an aweful lot of 40 bit floating point routines for everything
from 6809's to PIC's.  8 bit modulus code should be easy.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike
