
@_date: 1995-12-02 09:54:40
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: A "Warning Banner" for Netscape Navigator? Good idea! 
You can fix this from the browser.
Pull down the 'Options' menu, grab the 'Window and Link styles'
page, and change the default "home page location" from
netscape's to whatever you want.  I usually use my own home page.
I never look at Netscape's pages unless I specifically want to
see something like SSL specs.  If there wasn't a way to
turn off their home page I'd be pretty pissed off.
The descripton above is from the 1.1 browser; the 2.0x ones are
fairly similar.

@_date: 1995-12-21 17:21:39
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: GAK boycott, What are legal implications? 
I think it's more likely that a group of people will work on
breaking Big Co's GAKed product.  Either finding a flaw
in it's algorithm or protocol that can be exploited, or
a flaw that renders it's GAK unusable, i.e. Matt Blaze's
LEAF hack on Clipper.
Well, NAACP is an actual organization with papers filed
with the IRS, officers or some sort of board members, offices, etc.
Cypherpunks is just a mailing list, and many of the members
of the list don't use their real identies on the list.
Who would they go after?

@_date: 1995-12-24 03:47:48
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Fred Cohen: Re: CFS and Linux 
I'm sure a number of people, myself included, would be willing
to host the CP list should "Dr" Fred make good his threat.
I'd even be willing to testify in court as to the nature of
Fred's reputation.  I'm sure the operator of the Firewalls list
would be too.

@_date: 1995-12-25 01:05:34
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: CFS and Linux 
Long for the good old days of bang-paths, 300 baud acoustic couplers
and UUCP maps?  see Where we're headed is mail filters with PGP imbedded (PGP 3 will
make this much easier) that check incoming mail for a valid signature
for certain PGP keyid/fingerprints and pass that mail along.
Other mail that doesn't match gets tossed into a 'junk' folder
or thrown away if you really don't want to talk to anyone that you
don't already know.

@_date: 1995-12-26 01:35:48
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Only accepting e-mail from known parties 
He's right.
Ok.  If I want to get my email ad for the Ronco turnip-twaddler past a filter
like that, all I need to do is to create a PGP key with
a user name that's the same as one that the victim already
i.e. if I know that joe at blort.com exchanges email with phred at none.net, then
I just create a PGP key with the name "phred at none.net", and sign
the turnip-twaddler ad with that.  It'd have a valid signature, and
one coming from Joe's friend phred.   Mail accepted.
In addition to checking for a valid signature, the filtering software
would have to also check the PGP key id of the key used.  It would
also need to make sure that there is ONLY PGP-signed content in the
mail.  Otherwise Mallet could grab an innocuous mail message that
Phred signed and included it at the bottom of the turnip-twaddler ad.
It wouldn't make sense (although that might be usual with Phred), but it'd
contain a valid signature from Phred, and therefore get the ad
past the filter.
I'm sure there's other caveats, these are just the ones I can think of now.
I wish all Cypherpunks a Merry Christmas.  I hope Santa brought you
all something nice, like a fast new stream cipher, a new key exchange
protocol, or maybe a note from the Fedz saying that ITAR has been lifted.

@_date: 1995-12-29 17:57:27
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Employer Probing Precedents? 
Wrong model.  You don't pay rent to your employer for your computer.
Your deskside workstation is just like your desk
that it sits beside when it comes to employer/employee rights.
While a prudent employer won't go through your desk unless it's
required, they do have the right to do so.
Many companies have stated policies as to when they can go through
your desk;  at places like IBM it is very restrictive as to when
managers can go through your desk.  This is merely smart business- giving
people trust is the best way to make them responsible.
All companies should also have written policies that state what
parts of employee's computers/hard drives/home directories/email
etc. is considered private, and under what circimstances management
is allowed to look through those areas.  I managed to sneak a policy
like this into the computer security policy I wrote for a previous employer.
Again, the policy should strictly limit what snooping through employee's
files the company will do.  Any company that goes through it's employee's
files with less than sufficient justification is going to generate a lot
of negative reputation, and fast.
Does this allow for employees keeping encrypted material on their
company computer?  I don't think so, or rather I think that it's in
the company's rights to ask for the encryption keys under certain
circimstances- employee leaving company, employee suing company, etc.
If you've kept something damaging on your employers machine, you better
delete it before the situation gets so bad that they'll be going through
your files.
If you want to keep something secret, put it on your own machine.

@_date: 1995-10-01 10:25:46
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: MITM attacks, the day after ... 
That's not an attack on SSL.   It's an attack on an application.
It's no different, conceptually, than attacking sendmail or MS Word.
The point to attacking SSL is to be able to decode a message from any
browser, without having to do anything extraordinary to the victim's host.
No cryptosystem is proof against an attacker who can see and
control everything you do on the client side (i.e. has root in UNIX
So, while your idea  might be interesting or fun to do as far as computer
security goes, it's not an attack on SSL. That points out the flaw in Netscape's authentication model that
others have already pointed out on this list.  Admittedly, like Don
Stephenson just posted, there's not really a good way to distribute
and authenticate certificates until there's a ubiquitous global
CA chain.

@_date: 1995-10-01 10:42:01
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: NetScape's dependence upon RSA down for the count! 
Assume that the attacker Mallet is in the middle and has control of the http
stream.  Alice clicks on 'open Widget order form' to order a Widget
and Mallet sends her browser a redirect pointing to his evil web server.
Alice doesn't notice that the hostname in the url has changed, or
if she does, she figures that the catalog people have arranged to
have Mallet's server host their 'secure' transactions (not an unreasonable
assumption).  Mallet takes the order and pockets the money.
The hostname in the certificate (Mallet's) matches the hostname
in the URL (also Mallet's).
Of course this isn't really an attack on SSL per se.  It's an attack on
the certificate-granting policy- the CA gave a certificate to
an unscrupulous person (Mallet).
Right. That's what I pointed out in an earlier message, although I
didn't elaborate on it.   The security of Netscape browsers depends
on Verisign's policy in handing out server certificates.
Backing up for a minute, the same problem holds for those neeto
credit-card readers that Visa and MasterCharge give out to merchants.
The merchant can be a crook setting up a 'store-front' operation to charge
to bogus/stolen card numbers, or the employees can steal using the numbers
they get in the corse of doing business, etc.  There are already
procedures in place for dealing with this sort of crime.  I'm not
sure that tricking Verisign into giving out a certificate to a group
of crackers is really any different than tricking Visa into giving
a card reader to a group of theives.

@_date: 1995-10-15 11:34:01
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Netscape rewards are an insult 
I'm afraid you're a little out of line here.
I've worked with Jeff at a couple different companies
over the last 6 years.  Besides being a very good programmer
he's also one of the people I consider the most resistant
to corportate bullstuff (beleive me, we both got a lot of it at MicroUnity). I'm sure he's on this list because he thinks it's a good
idea to pay attention to it.
What the hell is wrong with you people?  Up 'til a few months
ago, the oft-heard refrain on cipherpunks was "why won't the
software vendors listen to us?"... now they're listening, and
pretty much all I see is complaints of "only a lousy thousand bucks!"
or "I sent this mail a whole two days ago and netscape hasn't opened
a dialog with me yet!"  or insulting their programmers for participating
on the list.   They're here, and listening, with real programmers
not PR weenies, and all most of you are doing is complaining.  Yes, Netscrape turned getting hacked into a PR campaign via
the Bounty thing.  So?  You expected different?  PR is what
businesses do if they want to stay in business.   If you don't like
it you don't have to participate in the program.  If you think
that the token $1000 is insulting, you can give it to charity, or
go sell your hack for more $$ to Blacknet. :-)

@_date: 1995-09-30 16:22:50
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: NetScape's dependence upon RSA down for the count! 
What you have described is the classic 'man in the middle' attack.
Netscape claims that SSL V.3 is immune to the MITM attack in
appendix D.4 of the SSL V.3 spec. You will need to get the 'filter' (MITM) key signed by Verisign.
Or hack Verisign's server-key-signing key.
BTW your 'offer' is silly- this is not a trivial amount of work, and you
would not deserve any credit for coming up with so ordinary an
attack.  Write the code yourself, or pay the market rate for it.

@_date: 1995-09-30 17:11:58
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: NetScape's dependence upon RSA down for the count! 
Where in SSL are these 'client/server keys' being sent?
A pointer to the page of the V3 spec where these keys are described will do.

@_date: 1996-04-03 19:28:02
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Article on PGP Viacrypt 
I read it this morning.
The gist is that this new evil PGP lets your employer
SPY ON EVERYTHING YOU DO!  And was written in about
that tone.
I was disappointed by the article.  I don't know if Simson
is deluded about the use of Viacrypt PGP, or the article got
hacked up by by ignorant/malicious editors, or my understanding of
Viacrypt PGP is competely wrong.
I thought the purpose to putting key escrow (that's real escrow
not GAK) into PGP was to allow its use for business purposes.
Often in business use you're not too concerned with keeping secrets from
your employer or fellow employees, but do want to keep those
secrets within the company.  And there is a real concern that you
might encrypt company-secret stuff and then fall off your motorcycle
and get run over by a truck, leaving your securely-encrypted company
secrets suddenly inaccessable to the company...
Key escrow, with the keys held by the company, is designed to prevent
this problem.
The article failed to mention that you're not prevented from using
a non-escrow PGP for personal secrets (could Viacrypt PGP prevent
you from using PGP 2.6.2?  I don't think so) and made it sound
like Viacrypt PGP is designed to allow nosy employers to spy on
employees encrypted email.  I guess it would, if the employers were
that nosy and the employees dumb enough to use company-provided
escrowed PGP to send personal secrets.  But that theory's about
as credible as the Clipper chip proponents's "dumb crooks" theory
where crooks would want encrypted phones but be dumb enough to
forget that the Government held the keys...
Simson's the one main-line journalist who writes about internet
and computer issues that I still think has a clue, and has written
a pretty good book about PGP, so I'd be suprised if he got this
so wrong.  On the other hand, I haven't used this new Viacrypt PGP and I'm going on what I think that escrowed PGP is really good for.
Maybe my feeling about that have blinded me to reality.  Or, most
likely, the editor(s) hacked the story up either out of ignorance
or to present a viewpoint that they had already decided they want to
present, truth be damned.
If I wanted to present a conspiracy theory about the government
wanting to discourage use of PGP for businesses, this would be the
place to do it.  If PGP gains a foothold in the businessplace
it'll be nearly impossible to eradicate, given the fact that
(big) business essentially runs the country.  Key escrow will
make PGP a lot more usefull to businesses, increasing its use.
I'm sure you can fill in the rest of the theory.

@_date: 1996-04-18 22:28:47
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Death Penalty for "take me of" messages? 
There's lately been a spate of l00sers subscribing
unsuspecting people to various hugh-traffic mailing lists.
I'd be willing to bet that a number of the 'unsubscrive' people
we have been seeing lately have been subscrived by their "friends"
and have never seen the "welcome to cypherpunks" list message, or
probably any mailing lists welcome message for that matter.
One list admin I know of has to manually unsubscribe
president at whitehouse.gov from a motorcycle racing list
three or more times a week.

@_date: 1996-08-29 02:53:42
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Real or Not ? 
Heh.  They forgot the Black Heliocopters manned by agents of
the UN/New World Order, and the Greys from Zeta Reticuli..
It's a hoax, with several clues that it is a hoax in it.
Of course you're welcome to prove me wrong by disassembling
a PGP binary.  Examination of the random numnber generator, IDEA
key setup, or RSA key setup vs what's in the source code
should show if something fishy is going on.

@_date: 1996-08-29 03:11:27
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: SCO giving free licenses to UNIX OpenServer 
I doubt it.  People don't use Microsoft products because
of their quality or functionality.
Single-user UNIX isn't all that useful.
Linux and FreeBSD are both free, and come with source code.
You can get "commercial" versions of Linux for around $30
(that's on CDROM).  You can get support for Linux, and probably
for FreeBSD.

@_date: 1996-08-30 02:54:34
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: MSIE cryptography 
In addition, encryption isn't performed until after the ClientFinished
and ServerFinished messages, no matter which CipherSuites are negotiated.
I don't know what MSIE looks like, but I'd guess that somewhere in
it there is a screen similar to Netscape's for configuring SSL.
In Netscape you can select which CipherSuites to use, including
"No encryption with an MD5 MAC".  If you turn off the "No encryption.."
CipherSuites in MSIE, you should get an encrypted connection.

@_date: 1996-12-03 15:23:00
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: testing 
Evidently "PhReAkInG" causes uncontrollable ourbursts of CaPiTaLiZaTiOn due
to horrible shift-key spasms...
You probably want alt.2600, it'll be more your style.
BTW, you've posted the same fucking message 4 times now.

@_date: 1996-12-03 21:25:25
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: more IPG and random numbers 
I did some more experiments with the IPG stream-cipher
algorithim and random number tests.  Since IPG claim that their
algorithim passes chi-square tests of randomness, I found
a chi-square test program.  It's written by Peter Boucher
and was posted to sci.crypt in '93 (<2bum8sINN98j at roche.csl.sri.com>).
I found it on the web site crypto.com, sorry I don't remember the
exact URL but I can send it on request. From the comments:
 [..]
First I ran the output from my version of the IPG algorithim that I
posted a couple days ago :
% ./boucher < ipg.out
Occurances:  n =  12000000, V=-8375833.71
Character occurances non-random
Successions: n =     46875, V=62287.82
Character successions non-random
Then I ran output from a test RNG that's basically a loop around random():
% ./boucher < myrandom/out
Occurances:  n =   3414720, V=213050.62
Character occurances non-random
Successions: n =     13338, V=1143.41
Character successions non-random
As you'd expect, it doesn't look like the output from random() is all
that great.
Finally I generated some output from a random seed generator
I wrote a while back.  It gets randomness from high-resolution timers
and hashing system files.  It's not as fast as repeated calls to
rand() but is faster than reading from /dev/random:
% ./boucher < out
Occurances:  n =    594352, V=269.75
================ Frequency distribution excellent! ====================
Successions: n =      2321, V=256.12
================= Successor randomness excellent! =====================
So, from these tests it looks like IPGs PRNG, which their stream
cipher is based on, is not a very good source of random values.  Hence
anything encrypted with it is succeptable to cryptoanalysis.
How succeptable, I do not know.  I am sort of curious, since IPG claimed
that their PRNG produces "perfect" random data as measured by chi-square
analysis, yet my analysis shows otherwise.  Perhaps I have coded the
algorithim incorrectly (I don't think so, it's pretty simple).
Or perhaps IPG chose their keys for the ABC tables carefully to
produce good results.  Unfortunately that would mean that keys
would have to be carefully chosen, something that's not very practical.
Based on the work I've done, and the work Igor Chudov posted, it
looks like the IPG algorithim is probably not very strong.  If two
relative crypto neophytes can find serious problems with it, imagine
what might happen if experienced cryptoanalists look at it.  If you were
one of the people who said "it's snake oil unless it's been been
tested for a zillion years" etc. you can pat yourself on the back now
'cause you were right.
However I think that some of us owe Mr Wood, if not an apology for the
excessive abuse he got on this list, at least some respect for
putting his money where his mouth is and posting his algorithims.
Maybe he'll do some research, tone down the hype, and come back
with something better.

@_date: 1996-12-17 15:19:07
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Ping of Death? 
It would be quite a trick to get an OS to run code from inside
a ping packet.  Are you sure this isn't the well-known giant ping packet bug?
Receiving one or more of those can cause some hosts to reboot.

@_date: 1996-12-18 09:35:18
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: NSClean 
Probably because cookies aren't explained well to the 'lay public'.
Yep, it's a good alternative to stuffing a cookie in the URL and
running everything through a CGI script.
The objection I have with cookies are that they can be used to pass
information between servers.  And they're being used to track where
browsers go (see  for an example, theyre
not the only people doing this).
Editing the cookie file doesn't have any effect while the browser is running.
You could visit one Doubleclick-infested site and get one of their
cookies then go to another infested site in the same session.
A better method is to be able to selectively accept/send cookies from
certain sites while blocking them from others.  As it happens
I've written a program that does that.  See
  It's still got some bugs
but it generally works ok.  Note that you need access to
a unix shell and perl to run it.
It would be even better if browser writers added similar features to their
browsers.  My program is a kludge.
Servers in that position would encrypt the data sent in cookie, no?

@_date: 1996-12-24 10:49:43
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Ebonics 
Short of 1) moderating the list or 2) restricting new subscriptions to the
list, it's almost impossible to prevent someone from posting to a
mailing list.  As soon as you "block" posts from one address, the
determined poster can sign up from another address.  All it takes
is paying money to a few ISPs, or changing his AOL userid.
The determined poster could even grab a subscriber list from the lists's
mailserver, and send his message to each member individually.

@_date: 1996-12-25 11:22:37
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Legality of requiring credit cards? 
It appears that Jim's 100% wrong- they omit the 'Suspicious
Transaction' report in the list of reports that the gambler was
busted for trying to avoid:
Section 5324:
(a) Domestic Coin and Currency Transactions. - No person shall for the
purpose of evading the reporting requirements of section 5313(a),
      section 5325, or the regulations issued thereunder or section 5325
      or regulations prescribed under such section 5325 (FOOTNOTE 1)
      with respect to such transaction -
      (FOOTNOTE 1) So in original. See 1992 Amendment note below.
            to fail to file a report required under section 5313(a),
            section 5325, or the regulations issued thereunder or
            section 5325 or regulations prescribed under such section
            5325; (FOOTNOTE 1)
            (2) cause or attempt to cause a domestic financial
            institution to file a report required under section 5313(a),
            section 5325, or the regulations issued thereunder or
            section 5325 or regulations prescribed under such section
            5325 (FOOTNOTE 1) that contains a material omission or
            misstatement of fact; or
            structuring, or attempt to structure or assist in
            structuring, any transaction with one or more domestic
            financial institutions.
Section 5313 is the 'normal' reporting section, Section 5318(g)
is "suspicious" transactions (note that it wasn't listed in 5324 above):
(g) Reporting of Suspicious Transactions. -             (1) In general. - The Secretary may require any financial
            institution, and any director, officer, employee, or agent
            of any financial institution, to report any suspicious
            transaction relevant to a possible violation of law or
            regulation.             institution, and a director, officer, employee, or agent of
            any financial institution, who voluntarily reports a
            suspicious transaction, or that reports a suspicious
            transaction pursuant to this section or any other authority,
            may not notify any person involved in the transaction that
            the transaction has been reported.
This is really scary to someone like me who doesn't often read
laws.  They're required to report "suspicious" transactions
(with the definition of "suspicious" left completely wide open)
and they're not allowed to tell you that you have been reported.
This sounds like police-state tactics, not something that would
happen in a free and open society.
It's also interesting to note that section 5313(a) similarly does
not define what is to be reported.  Is this defined elsewhere, or
can it be changed at any time by the Secretary of the Treasury?
Reading section 5324, it sounds (to me, a layman) that there has to
be some intent to evade the reporting requirements.  Does this mean
that prosecutors would have to prove intent?  Does simply getting
checks for $9000 prove intent?  I sure hope not as I have recently received
a couple checks for consulting work that have just happened to be
slightly under ten grand.

@_date: 1996-12-26 07:58:11
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Unix Passwd 
Many people have tried breaking the cipher, I have not heard
of anyone being successful.
There is however a number of programs that attempt a brute-force
of passwords, the best is called 'crack' and is written by Alec Muffet.
He's just announced a new release (see below).
Crack is commonly used by system administrators to check users passwords
for easily-cracked passwords (since it's one of the first things that a hacker
breaking into your system might try, the sysadmin can get users to change
'Crack'able passwords before they're hacked).
Crack uses a set of word dictionaries that you supply, and rules
to use to permute each word (add a '1' on the end, capitalize the first
character, etc). for more attempts.  It also included a re-written
version of the crypt algorithim that's faster than what comes in
many UNIXes.
Reply-To: Alec Muffett Sender: Bugtraq List Eschewing the media-friendly hype which surrounded the release of
SATAN some time ago (Hi Dan!) and bemused by the fact that some of the
code he wrote years ago has since crept into the Linux-based operating
system of the machine he is composing this message on (as a standard
part of the authentication libraries, no less) - the author is pleased
to announce the release of:
                  Crack v5.0a - The Password Cracker
             Crack v6.0 - The Minimalist Password Cracker
           Crack v7.0 - The Brute-Forcing Password Cracker
                           available from:
                (just like a London bus, you wait ages and then three turn up at once)
In the expectation that some kind soul will be good enough to retrieve
copies and place them up for FTP at various well-connected mirror
sites (the sundry CERTs, COAST, et al), the MD5 checksum for the first
distribution is:
                   6511dca525b7b921ea09eca855cc58f2
- but please be patient if you *do* suffer problems downloading; it's
not like Crack is a new piece of technology, so you shouldn't panic
about upgrading.
NOTE: Discussion of issues relating to running this version of Crack
should be directed to the newsgroup "comp.security.unix" - mention
"Crack5" in the subject line.
        - alec
New features.
   * Complete restructuring - uses less memory
   * Ships with Eric Young's "libdes" as standard
   * API for ease of integration with arbitrary crypt() functions
   * API for ease of integration with arbitrary passwd file format
   * Considerably better gecos-field checking
   * More powerful rule sets
   * Ability to read dictionaries generated by external commands
   * Better recovery mechanisms for jobs interrupted by crashes
   * Easier to control (eg: to put to sleep during working hours)
   * Bundled with Crack6 (minimalist password cracker)
   * Bundled with Crack7 (brute force password cracker)
   * Tested on Solaris, Linux, FreeBSD, NetBSD, OSF and Ultrix

@_date: 1996-12-26 11:50:28
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: WHICH 
I've submitted a request to unsubscribe cypherpunks from these lists.
I have also notified the operator of plaidworks.com of the problem.
While I think that his web-based list-subscription tools is neat, it's
obvious that the potential for abuse is large.  What solutions are there
for protecting us from assholes like the one who signed cypherpunks
up to all these lists?
Maybe soon all lists will require some form of digital ID from new

@_date: 1996-12-26 11:52:50
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Unix Passwd (fwd) 
Different crypt.  That's crypt(1), a modification of the Enigma
algorithim.  UNIX passwords use crypt(3), a modified DES.
Yea, the names are confusing.

@_date: 1996-02-04 08:28:52
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: free speach and the government 
You can't put the genie back into the bottle.
Once something is invented or described, the knowledge
is out there.  Someone who wants to use that knowledge
for "wrong" purposes can find it.
Maybe a lot of people around the world could agree that
the knowledge to make something really dangerous (say Sarin nerve gas) should be suppressed.  But where do we draw the line?  If
we, or rather our government acting obstensibly in our interest, decides
to supress the information on how to make Sarin, not too many people
will complain.  But the tendency of governments is to regulate and
restrict and tax more.   What happens when governments suppress
knowledge on how to make gunpowder?  Or printing presses?  Or
Many people argue (rightly IHMO) that once started on the slippery slope
of suppressing knowledge there's no stopping until we're all
under the boot heel of the police state.
So far the "net-like" way to deal with the problem is to not
supress information at all, and instead assume that people are
intelligent enough to make their own choices on what to do
with "dangerous" information.
No government will accept net-speech that's any freer than
any other speech in that country.
In the US the media is by and large controlled by huge
media conglomerates with a vested interest in maintaining
the status quo and delivering up their audience to their
advertisers in tidy packages.
The government is along for the ride, being part and parcel
of the same system.  They won't rest until net-speech is
by and large controlled by huge media conglomerates all
busy delivering up the net-public to advertisers in tidy
packages... I'm not saying that there's a Black Heliocopters
type conspiracy, or any other for that matter.  There doesn't
have to be, there are huge political forces moving things
this way.  So there might as well be a conspiracy, as the
end effect on us is the same.
I think that any compromise with government censorship is a bad idea.
All we'd do is give them a little more while on the way towards the
inevitable.  If we don't give them all the censorship power they
want they'd just take it anyhow.  Better to hold out as well as
we can while we can.

@_date: 1996-02-20 03:45:23
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: NSA net trolling 
Forwarded from alt.politics.datahighway, sorry I didn't
get the Message-ID when it was fowarded to me.
This is possibly old news to some, but I think it needs
to be spread widely.

@_date: 1996-02-21 16:27:09
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: NSA net trolling 
Here's a copy of your message back to you as you requested:

@_date: 1996-02-24 08:25:54
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Diffie-Hellman parameters 
Perhaps this is the wrong list to ask this question on, but
does anyone have any pointers to where I could find good Diffie-Hellman
parameters?  Or source code that will generate some?

@_date: 1996-01-13 06:22:07
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Novel use of Usenet and remailers to mailbomb from luzskru@cpcnet.com 
The target, Homer Wilson Smith, is one of the people embroiled in
the Scientology wars.  I don't want to get into the recent history
of repression and abuse by Scientology agents & sympathizers, but
my guess is that this is an attempt to harass someone that
Scientology doesn't like.
They (Scientology) have shown a remarkable ability to grasp both the
technical details and social implications of the Internet and use them
to harass ex "church" members and people who say things that they
don't like.  The "church" undoubtably hates remailers because so many
of their critics post anonymously through them.  But as they discovered
with Usenet news, the same technology can be used to harass those
I think we'll see more ingenous attacks like this, using CP-tech in
perverted ways to harass people.  Annoying for sure, but helpful in
a way- they'll help debug the technology.  Like cipherpunks hacking
Netscape, in the end it just makes it stronger.

@_date: 1996-01-18 12:54:34
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: A weakness in PGP signatures, and a suggested solution 
I agree.
PGP should be as generic as possible; making it "know" about RFC822
and mailers makes it less generic.
Your PGP-aware mail agent should add a line to the text to be
encrypted, consisting of a random number (hopefully very unguessable
and fairly random) and an RFC822 header:
X-PGP-nonce: b1de70694f5f0824f89cb3f09aece01d
and replicate that in the RFC822 envelope.
Put just the nonce value and not the header in the block to be
encrypted if you're concerned about assisting a known-plaintext attack.
The nonce can't be extracted from the PGP ciphertext unless the attacker
has the ability to crack PGP, in which case merely re-directing
PGP encrypted messages to different recipients is beneath them. :-)
It is small and is easily verified by the human looking at the message.
PGP, or more accurately the MUA, won't need to check it (although
that would be fairly easy to do).
But like Derek says, PGP shouldn't do it, the MUA should.

@_date: 1996-01-27 03:50:19
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Nym use in the real world 
With the coming Internet restrictions and growing use of the
net by LEAs, it's become obvious to me that I shouldn't post
messages with my real name.  But I have some problems/questions about
using a nym:
1. reputation.  My nym will need to build it's own reputation, I know.
But I currently get offers of work based on my reputation and posts.  I
would like this to continue.  When it comes time to do the work and
collect the pay, I need to tie my nym to me.  Reasons: only the
most adventurous firms would hire someone to do work without knowing
their real name.  I also need to have the proper forms (1099 etc)
filed.  I know that a lot of people on the list would say that I shouldn't
file taxes, but I am (currently) willing to pay the price to stay
out of jail.
The other problem (tying the nym to RealName) for employers is
more severe.  A nym is only good when no one can tie it to your
real name.  If I have to tell everyone I do work for what my real
name and nym is, soon enough people will be able to tie the two that
the nym becomes nearly useless.
2. does it (a nym) really help?  Police and governments are used to
dealing with people who change their names, use fake names, etc.
I get the impression that having multiple/fake names is considered by police
to be evidence or at least indication of guilt.  "If you're not guilty
why're you hiding?".
Using a nym would at least help with the problem of police or
other parties searching through Dejanews/Altavista for my posts for
incriminating evidence.  But if my nym is investigated for some future
crime (fuck Exon) and my nym isn't secure enough to protect my
RealName, it will be a liability.

@_date: 1996-01-28 03:59:28
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Nym use in the real world 
This is all well and good, but highly theoretical.  It might
happen someday, but right now reputations don't work that way.
If I gave a reputation certificate to a prospective client
they'd just look at it and say "huh?".
Some groups do indeed deal well with nym's reputations.  If Emmanuel
Goldstein shows up at a hacker's convention, everyone knows who
he is and what he's done.
Alas, most regular businessmen don't want to deal with someone named
"Agent Steal"[*], at least not to the point of signing checks to him.
Perhaps a partial solution is to pick a nym that sounds like a real
name, like "Tim May" or "Jeff Weinstein".  There's still a problem
of proving that I am the same "Tim Weinstein" that the prospective
client has exchanged email with.  But to be honest, they don't know
if I'm the same "Eric Murray" they have been emailing either...
*- to pick a random hacker's nym.

@_date: 1996-01-30 08:12:29
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: The Big Lie 
What's next is an expose on the conspiracy
between the NSA, Hillary Clinton and the Hamburgurler(R) to destroy
the ability of otherwise intelligent Americans to recognize sarcasm.

@_date: 1996-07-01 15:46:02
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: [Fwd: Doubleclick] 
I had a cookie in my cookies file from them also, and had
not been to their site before.
There's a very obvious way to get their cookie put in
your cookies file without you explicitly going to their site.  I'm
sure a smart boy like you could figure it out.
The server can send whatever it wants to you
in the Set-Cookie: header.  Read the spec.
The user can set Netscape to pop up an alert when a cookie is
sent, and it says what the cookie is.  However there's no
standard encoding format so you get stuff like "IAF=zb87"
or "X=VGhlIGxhdW5jaCBjb2RlIGlzICdiYW5kZXJzbmF0Y2gnCgAA"
which as far as most users are concerned is gibberish, although
it could be base64 encoded "The launch code is 'bandersnatch'".
Most people will accept whatever they're given, assuming that they
can even find the preference for accepting cookies.

@_date: 1996-07-13 09:08:47
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: spam suckers (was Re: Chancellor Group....) 
He's been flogging the same shit for a while- I've received three or four
of these spams at another address that I use to make Usenet posts.
That address is an account at a large workstation company that I
consult for.  I've been getting a lot of spam there.
I suggested on an internal mailing list that the amount of spam
that various employees there are getting isn't insignificant and
that perhaps they should sue some of the spammers for wasting
the company's resources and employee time without permission.
I suggest that the "anti-junk-fax" law might be extended to cover
spam mail.  However I don't trust net-clueless legislators to
be able to make even a simple law without fucking it up and
restricting civil liberties.  However, I heard from a friend
that they're doing just that, extending the junk fax law
to cover junk email.  Something like a $500 fine for
each junk email.  Does anyone know more?
Would mailing-list operators be liable under this law when
someone forges a subscription message from "clinton at whitehouse.gov"?

@_date: 1996-07-13 09:59:41
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Can't block caller ID in Massachusetts? 
Same in Pacific Bell land.  We get two options- "partial blocking"
which really means tht you have to use *67 to block CID to
non-800/900 numbers, and "complete blocking" which blocks CID
to non-800/900 numbers.
When I called the Pac Bell customer service droids to get my "complete"
blocking I asked them why they won't block CID to 800 numbers.
Their answer: "that's just the way it works". Caller ID isn't for people, it's for businesses who want to
track callers.  They're willing to pay for that service, enough
to make it worth the while of the phone companies to spend many
millions on a campaign of lies (excuse me, "PR") to convince us
that we need CID for "safety".

@_date: 1996-07-13 13:20:15
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Can't block caller ID in Massachusetts? 
800 numbers aren't free.  They're just paid out
of a different account.  I don't pay for them
directly, but I do indirectly through the increased
prices of the goods and services sold by the
company with the 800 number.  I'd hardly call
that being a 'parasite'.
Too bad there's not always a choice, a lot
of companies use only 800 numbers for service
hotlines etc.

@_date: 1996-07-27 09:21:48
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: "privatizing" phones? 
I have one of these, a Panasonic "Secure Guard" cordless.
It was on sale, I couldn't resist. :-)
It's a 46mhz analog model, newer phones use frequencies
in the 900mhz range and/or digital encoding.
The 900mhz range is one of those 'blocked' in most newer radio
scanners, this is required by law as of a few years ago.
Many scanners can have some or all of the locked-out
ranges restored by suitable modification (i.e. removing
a resistor).  Many of these mods are posted on the net.
The Panasonic I have doesn't change frequencies during the call
by itself, although you can do that by pressing a button.  The
"secure" feature does some sort of analog frequency-diddling
to make most of the sound transmitted between the phone and base unit
unintelligable.  I'm not a hardware type but I expect that
this isn't very hard to 'crack' given a bit of equipment.
I'm sure most HAM hobbiests could do so.   It only keeps your
conversations somewhat safe from the local snoops with scanners.
While most speech comes out pretty good, you can't have the 'secure'
feature on when you're attempting to navgate phonemail systems... it messes
up the DTMF tones just enough to make then unrecognizable to
many phonemail systems.
Yea, that's more secure although if I remember right, nowhere
near unbreakable.  Why, then drug dealers and terrorists could
make phone calls and our great and wonderful law enforcement personell
would not be able to listen in on the perps.  Wouldn't want that
now, would we?
Well, it's not "secure" but it's somewhat better than nothing.

@_date: 1996-07-27 09:26:16
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Anonymous Web Services Inc. 
Um guys, it's a joke.  Check out the rest of the digicrime home page.
Last time I looked at it it was pretty funny, and quite obvious to
even a paranoid security weenie like me.

@_date: 1996-07-29 04:33:04
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Feinstein wants controls on Internet, Books 
Yes, but it won't be nearly that blatant.  In classic Orewllian
Doublespeak, it'll be called the "Terrorist Victims Bill
of Rights and Freedom of Information Act" and will merely
'abridge' the Bill of Rights with the "right" of the government
to investigate, wiretap, arrest and detain without trial
any suspected "terrorists" and "drug kingpins".
Cancelling the Bill of Rights would be too obvious, and probably
isn't the outright goal of any but a few extremists in government.
Rather, the majority of bureaucrats/elected officials want to
redefine the Rights to only apply to "good citizens", for somewhat
varying definitions of "good".  "They" won't suddenly stage a fascist
coup, instead it will (and has been) a long step-by-step process.
I don't think that most policy-makers are even aware
of what they're doing (DiFi certainly isn't) they're
just responding to preceived public pressure and trying
to stay elected.
The ugliest phrase in American lexicon: "There oughta be a law".

@_date: 1996-07-29 04:34:38
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Feinstein wants controls on Internet, Books 
Of course.  She'll have "done something" about the "terrorisim problem".
Never mind that it's completely ineffective and restrictive of
civil liberties.  Most Americans don't particularly care about
civil liberties as long as their day-to-day life runs smoothly.
Especially if it's other people's civil liberties that are
The media hypes the terrorisim threat because it helps sell air
time and newspapers.  Fear sells.  How many of you were glued to the tube
for the dismal "coverage" of the Olympic Park bombing?  I was, and I
usually hate TV.  Fear is a powerful attention-getter, almost at good
as sex.  Since we're not allowed to have sex in the media, guess what
we get?
The articicially-generated climate of fear creates a reaction among
the populace.  Witness the countless studies that show that people's
fear of being a crime victim has increased markedly in the last 10 or
15 years while actual crime statistics have for the most part gone down.
The politicians have picked up on this reaction with a vengance, being
"tough on crime" is a sure way to get (re)elected.
DiFi and crowd isn't thinking of how their information crackdown would
actually work.  They probably don't really care if it'll be effective or
not.  The point is to "do something" right now about the "terrible
problem".  That something just has to sound like it'll be effective; no
one will find out if it works or not for 10 or 15 years, which is an
eternity for politicians (and most constituents).

@_date: 1996-07-31 03:18:56
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Netscape Security Lies 
I checked this out with baited breath, hoping to find a juicy
Netscape security hole as promised.  Unfortunately, all it is
is a mis-configured httpd server at rsa.com.  It should be
doing SSL but it's not.  A bummer, but probably not a lie and
certainly not a major bug.
Try ssl3.netscape.com:443.  It's doing ssl3.
Not at all.  So quit doing it.

@_date: 1996-06-30 16:23:07
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: [Fwd: Doubleclick] 
[Multiple forwards deleted]
[short-attention-span summary:  someone's using Netscape
cookies as a way to target-market browser users.  Since I
hate being targeted, I came up with a hack "fix" to prevent
it, see below]
My own experiments shows that simply removing the cookie file
(~/.netscape/cookies) works to "fix" this, as long as you don't
have old netscape config files lying about (then it pops a dialog
asking if you want to nuke the old config, and uses the old
cookies file).  Netscape (version 3.0b for Linux) doesn't
recreate the cookies file.  Of course this "fix" means
that I'm not able to take advantage of whatever cookies might
offer me, but since I can't control them and never see them
there's probably not a lot that they do that I'll miss.
I think that Netscape should add a configuration to the browser
so that paranoid privacy fanatics like me can disable cookies
or better yet control which ones that we'll accept.

@_date: 1996-03-01 08:06:47
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: A brief comparison of email encryption protocols 
While that would be useful in a lot of cases, I would hope that
all that path gunk wouldn't be required.... most people would
have one key, at least initially, and so a simple
would be enough for them.  I wouldn't want to prevent people
from using your system, in fact it's a good idea.  I just don't think
that it should be required, just recommended.
Something else to add would be a specifier for the type of key, i.e.
The reason for the keytype specifier is obvious, so that the
system can support more than just PGP keys.  The problem with
the above example is that the 'pgp' part is imbedded in the path.
Since the apps that read these key URLS need to know which ones
are for PGP and which for DH or DSS or whatever, the keytype
specifier needs to be in a standard location in the URL.
Suggestions?  maybe key:/pgp/slack.lne.com/ericm/key/asc?
Finally, a question:  should the keyserver be able to serve
keys in a way that is secure from a MITM attack, or can it depend
on the certificate chain in the key certificate itself to
validate the key certificate?  I think it can, but I am not
sure, so perhaps someone smarter than I can explain why, or why not.
The attraction is obvious, if the key server doesn't have to
validate the keys it serves, the whole problem of distributed
key servers becomes much easier.

@_date: 1996-11-02 16:51:32
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Dr. Vulis is not on cypherpunks any more 
When I joined the list three or so years ago, L. Detwiller was
the contemporary equivalent of Vulis.  The intro message mailed to
new subscribers explained the situation with Detwiller and asked
new subscribers to not respond to his bait.  It seemed to
work pretty well- Detwiller's posts were pretty much ignored.
Eventually he started taking his meds again, or got tired of
being ignored, and started posting relatively understandable stuff.
Not everyone agrees with him, which is fine, but he stopped
talking about 'tentacles' and accusing random list members of
bizarre conspiracies.
The problem with 'blocking' someone from a list is that it
isn't effective.  Even without remailers, it's trivial to forge
mail well enough to get past any 'blocking' measure that
could be put in place.  It's also easy to subscribe under a new name.
The other, more serious problem is that it to some extent 'proves'
that cryptoanarchy "doesn't work".  "Look", some will say, "the Cypherpunks
anarchy doesn't even work on their own list and they had to _censor_
someone".  Yea, I know that the list isn't really anarchy (although
it's pretty close these days) and Vulis hasn't really been censored-
he's free to spew his trash, just not here.  But it'll look that way
to a lot of people.
I think in the end that filtering at the user end is the only (current)
effective way to deal with people like Vulis.  He went in to my kill file
almost immediately, as did a number of people who seemed to do little
recently except post rebuttal/arguments to him.  After all, it's my time
that I'm spending reading this list and I'm not going to waste
it on crap like flame wars with Vulis.

@_date: 1996-11-08 08:16:59
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: WebTV a "munition" 
Page 3 of the San Jose Mercury News has a small blurb
about WebTV's browser/set-top box that "uses
computer-security technology so powerful that the
government is classifying it as a weapon
that will require a special export license before
it can be sold overseas".
"Few industry experts expect such a licsense to
be granted, meaning the companies are unlikely to
begin selling current versions of the US-made
devices next year in Eurpoe and Japan as they
had planned".
[fluff about export laws]
"We're the guinea pig" says Steve Perlman, chairman
and CEO blah blah.
So what's the story here?  It's a web browser, so they're
probably talking about SSL.  SSL (both versions) already has mechanisims for
allowing "export" level encryption, and although you still need to
get a Commodities Jurisdiction, it's been done before so it
shouldn't be too difficult.  If they didn't use the "export"
level SSL CipherTypes, then what're they up to?  Are they
fighting crypto export laws (for which they should be congratulated
and supported) or are they just looking for free publicity?

@_date: 1996-11-09 10:06:51
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: WebTV a "munition" 
Right.  But if you're doing SSL, you _have_ to know about the
export issues!  It's all over the sources, specs, docs etc etc.
It's almost implssible to be 'clueless' about this if you
have implemented SSL or even looked seriously at doing it.
So if their point is to fight against ITAR (one interpretation of
the facts as I know them) why haven't they announced that they're doing so?
It would be good PR.
That'd be cool.  I think that there's a lot that we don't know about this.
The web site doesn't have much hard info, just a lot of
buzzword-compliant marketing bullstuff and the highest ratio of
(TM)s to words that I have ever seen.

@_date: 1996-11-23 09:50:50
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: IPG Algorith Broken! 
No, you can't.  It's impossible to prove an algorithim unbreakable.
You can only say that it hasn't been broken yet, but you can't
predict the advances in cryptoanalysis.
If, in two or three years, no one's broken it then maybe it'll seem
like a reasonably-secure algorithim.  Of course when someone does break
it you'll just say "oh, that wasn't the real algorithim" like you did
last time. Why not?  Not giving it to individuals will keep a number of people
from examining it.  If it's as secure as you say then you wouldn't
care who or how many people look at it, would you?
You could always make the demo time-limited.

@_date: 1996-11-23 12:34:08
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: IPG Algorith Broken! 
You can't prove a negative.  The best IPG could say is that
it can't be broken with current technology.
Next week someone might come up with a new way
to break ciphers that renders the IPG algorithim breakable.
You point could have been that the same problem exists
for proofs- that next week someone could come up
with a way to prove, for all time, that an algorithim
really IS unbreakable.  So, to cover that posibility
I should have said "it's currently impossible to
prove an algorithim unbreakable". :-)

@_date: 1996-11-30 13:20:07
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: IPG algorithim 
I have translated the IPG algorithim's "engine" to C, to generate
some random values from it for testing purposes.  It does not
look very random in either the xnoisesph program or the DIEHARD
test battery.   However I may well have misinterprested Mr. Wood's
description (his writing is, as Mr. Chudov points out, difficult to
understand) or written my code incorrectly.  Here it is, play
with it yourself.  To my untrained eye the lack of randomness
in what's essentially a stream cipher would be disturbing.
However I am not a cryptoanalysist so I do not know to
what extent this weakens the cipher.
The IPG description does not say (but implies to me) that
the various tables that are to be filled in by "random" values must
be filled in by PRNGs that are seeded with the same seeds by
each of the party that knows the key.  Otherwise the "encryptor
streams" that are generated will be unrelated and decryption will not
be possible.  To make my test work I have used the simple rand()
function to fill in the tables.
Corrections are welcome.
 ** This is supposed to produce random numbers for the IPG
** "encryptor stream".
** See  for the original description.
** Eric Murray  ericm at lne.com  This code placed under GNU copyleft.  */
typedef unsigned char byte;
typedef unsigned short uint16;
uint16 A[53];
uint16 B[53];
uint16 C[53];
int init_table(uint16*table, uint16 min, uint16 max)
main(int argc, char **argv)

@_date: 1996-11-30 16:22:28
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: IPG algorithim 
Yea, you're right, rand() is lame.
I added /dev/random to my Linux box and changed my small test to use it.
I also changed the way that I use JV- I had been setting it to a random
value for each trip through the "engine", but since I beleive that
its value can't really be random (if you want to be able to have someone
decrypt your stuff :-) but must be exchanged in the key, I set it
to a random value once and then let it float.  It's also a lot faster
that way, /dev/random is pretty slow (because it's looking for real
random material).
My results from xnoisesph were wrong- xnoisesph wants random bytes
instead of random integers in ascii format as I was producing.
Changing it (as I have below) makes the xnoisesph output look
much better, but it still isn't all that random.  The random seed generators
I have written that get their randomness from repeated calls
to high-resolution timers and hashes of system log files do better.
I also fixed a minor bug in arg processing.
  ** This is supposed to produce random numbers for the IPG
** "encryptor stream".
** See  for the original description.
** Eric Murray  ericm at lne.com  This code placed under GNU copyleft. ** V0.2 */
typedef unsigned char byte;
typedef unsigned short uint16;
uint16 A[53];
uint16 B[53];
uint16 C[53];
 NO_DEV_RANDOM
uint16 getrand()
 getrand rand
int init_table(uint16*table, uint16 min, uint16 max)
main(int argc, char **argv)

@_date: 1996-10-03 11:45:21
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: How might new GAK be enforced? 
I suspect that if US company A sent its Swiss subsidiary B a sent
of standards and said "write this", your interpretation would be correct.
It's how I read ITAR also.
However, company A can publish standards.  Published standards
aren't covered under ITAR.  Non-US company C can read standards
and implement code to those standards.  I was going to back this up
by citing the appropriate part of the regs, but they're so vague
as to be almost useless.  However in real life this seems to
pass- i.e. Netscape's publishing of the SSL spec and Eric Young's
use of that spec to make an independent interoperable implementation.

@_date: 1996-10-03 11:52:35
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: stupid religious bullshit 
I an' I am Rastafari, praise Jah!
Jews and Moromons all part of Babylon system, bring
sufferation on righteous Rasta.   Some day Jah
bring 'cryption technology to Rasta, help
Rasta break Babylon chains and reach holy Mt Zion.
Until that day, could we keep stupid religious arguments off the list so
we can talk about crypto and related issues?

@_date: 1996-10-04 12:39:54
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Did Sun get a sweetheart deal? 
I'm not sure they did.  I've seen two quotes from Sun- one
pro-GAK one from Eric Schmidt, one from someone else I
have never heard of who's head of government relation or something
like that, which was pretty anti-GAK.  Schmidt is regarded as
somewhat clueless by a large number of Sun employees.
In addition, I had lunch today with the people I used to work
with/for at Sun, who're probably the most likely to be asked to implement
such a thing.  They haven't heard anything about it and were quite dismayed
at the whole idea.
Oh, and government contracts (especially NASA ones) take a shitload of
time to set up.  The only coercion that a TLA could do with it would
be to threaten to scotch the deal for "national security reasons".
The fact that some deal went through doesn't prove anything.
I think it much more likely that the Govt would use carrots
like possible additional sales or a leg up on competitors.
Hey, it worked on IBM didn't it?

@_date: 1996-10-04 12:44:51
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Clipper III questions 
The recent CDT policy post sez of Clipper III:
This reminds me of the understanding between CIA/NSA and their counterparts
in British Intelligence.  Both sides are prohibited from spying within
their own countries borders but are encouraged to spy in other countries.
Both would very much like to spy on their own citizens (for legitimate
law encorcement/national security reasons only, of course).
So, they have a simple system in place.  The British spy on the American
citizens that the Americans want spied on and then turn over the intercepts.
The Americans do the same for the British in Britain(*). Sometimes they lie to each other or withhold material, but that's
what spy organizations do all the time.
If Clipper III passes and the OECD gets their member nations in line
with what the American miliary wants, I predict a similar system will evolve.
"Destination country policies" will allow decryption of incoming
GAKked messages from non-citizens.  After all, they have no rights, do
they?  Cooperating intelligence agencies will then exchange intercepts.
Presto Chango, pesky privacy rules vanish right before your eyes!
Of course this is in our best intrest, we must fight against
terrorisim with all methods possible.  The ends justify the means.
A question:   What happens if a company decided not to go along
with Clipper III?  Can they still ship the "old" 40-bit-style GAKware
unimpeded?  Or will there be a slow tightening of the rules to
force compliance?  The existing way of doing things depends to a
large degree on a set of "common practice" which the NSA
doesn't have written down.  For example you won't find the 40 bit limit
written anywhere in ITAR, and if you want to export something
that's already been approved elsewhere (i.e. another implementation
of SSL) you still have to go through the approval process.
(*) this comes from "The War Aginst the Jews" which is worth
reading.  Sorry I can't find my copy at the moment, maybe someone
who's got it handy will provide authors/ISBN.  Capsule review:
covers government dirty dealing from the early 1900s on, mostly
British and American.  Concentrates on Jews and Israel of course
but they seem to have been the brunt (sometimes the instigator)
of a lot of the dirty pool that governments have played.

@_date: 1996-10-04 13:06:51
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: gack vs. key escrow vs. key recovery 
It seems to be bent on doing so.
They get served, and the keys are produced.  Same with personal
crypto- if I'm in court and some encryped file that I have the key for is demanded as evidence, I provide the key or get
hit with contempt of court, my choice.
No one is arguing about that.  The objections to Clipper III are:
1. built-in wiretapping. Clipper III requires that subjects of
"key recovery" wiretaps are not notified of the government's
"recovery" of their keys.  While this _is_ analagous to phone
wiretaps, it is not of anything else.  The cops have to serve
you a warrant, not sneak in and read the papers in your desk.
Why should encrypted files be different?
2. Coercion.  I don't see anything wrong with key escrow
(original meaning, not GAK).  I think it's useful for business.
Required for some.  It's being coerced to implement it that is
distasteful.  If you think that Clipper III isn't coercion, you're
wrong- note that the licenses to export GAKware are reviewed every 6 months
and expire after 2 years if GAK isn't in place.  That's a clear
"you're on our side or your not" from the government.  Having
the possibility of your product suddenly becoming worthless
every 6 months will keep companies in line.
3.  It's still too weak. 56 bit DES isn't enough- it can very probably be
cracked in < 12 seconds by the NSA.  If not real time.
4.  It's the camel's nose in the tent.  First "key recovery"
then full GAK then penalties/jail time for for "terrorists"
or "gang members" who use unGAKd crypto.

@_date: 1996-10-08 06:04:38
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: "European Union Bank" 
[stuff about EUB deleted]
I noticed that too.  Is this BCCI 2, or just a front that the forces
of repression can use to say "look, there is money-laundering
on the Internet!  We must control it."
Their server appears to reside in McLean, VA., not Antigua:
ericm(console)> traceroute 204.157.123.4
traceroute to 204.157.123.4 (204.157.123.4), 30 hops max, 40 byte packets
12  * sl-capital-1-s1/0-T3.sprintlink.net (144.228.128.6)  148.345 ms *
13  cso-sw1p7-rC-p7.cais.net (205.252.5.30)  279.959 ms  147.905 ms *
14  * intr-c.sb1.cais.net (206.161.140.125)  163.211 ms  146.752 ms
15  204.157.123.4 (204.157.123.4)  204.088 ms * *
ericm(ttyp1)> whois cais.net
Capital Area Internet Service (CAIS2-DOM)
   6861 Elm Street, Third Floor
   McLean, VA 22101
   USA
ericm(ttyp1)> whois eub.com
European Union Bank (EUB-DOM)
   PO Box 1948
   St. John's,    Antigua and Barbuda
   Domain Name: EUB.COM
   Administrative Contact:
      Richards, Pete  (PR374)  75057.2515 at COMPUSERVE.COM
      (809) 480-2370
   Technical Contact, Zone Contact, Billing Contact:
      Kulkov, Val  (VK41)  val at GREATIS.COM
      (202) 835-7489
   ELF.GREATIS.COM              205.229.28.5
   WHALE.GREATIS.COM            205.229.28.10
ericm(ttyp1)> whois VK41
Kulkov, Val (VK41)              val at GREATIS.COM
   Greatis USA, Inc.
   888 16th Street, NW, Suite 300
   Washington, DC 20006
   (202) 835-7489

@_date: 1996-10-09 08:38:20
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Anonymous E-mail 
Graham, why would cypherpunks care about yet another net-scam?
Heh.  Ok, now I'm laughing-
someone with slightly less scruples than I, and a little more time, and
their own domain name & server, might consider writing a small
program to create a few thousand accounts.  Then sign them up with PINmail.
Every email address that's registered to PINmail gets you $5, right?
BTW, I think Graham's point is that they're probably neither really
secure nor really anonymous.  I don't know; I haven't checked them
out.  I do think it's interesting that they seem to think that there's
money to be made this way.  Even if their system is trivial to crack
they'll help make anonymity more noticeable to the general (net) public.
If they are easy to crack, some CP will do it and post the crack
with pointers to really secure anonymous services.

@_date: 1996-10-10 11:31:43
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Why not PGP? 
[uses PGP to communicate to Ray]
It might.  Some people in law enforcement/government would
really like to see that, Constitution be damned.
As currently interpreted by NSA/DOJ et al, yes.
"Pluggable crypto" is not allowed by the people who enforce ITAR.
They might be working towards the eventual police state but
they're not stupid.
NCSA, when they were about to release a new version of Mosaic that
had hooks for PGP, were explicitly told by NSA that they would
remove those hooks before the software was released.
BTW, no version of PGP is exportable under ITAR; they all
use real crypto.   The international version exists because of
patent problems with RSA and the way that those problems were
resolved.  I think this is explained in the README that comes
with PGP; if not, the book _The Official PGP Users Guide_
by Phil Zimmerman (ISBN 0-262-74017-6) explains it.

@_date: 1996-10-28 07:34:10
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: considering internet/privacy periodical 
Hmm.  From what I hear from publishing industry people, the magazine
part is making a lot of money, and the other parts of wIrEd is pissing
it all away... the MSNBC people, with whom wIrEd is supposed to
do a show, are pissed off at them because the wIrEd people don't
understand video production and are wasting huge amounts of time.
That's true of most IPOs. :-)
Wired problem is that they beleive their own hype.  They also think
that everything that they touch will be as successful as the magazine, which
set all kinds of records in the publishing industry for how fast it
became profitable and got advertising $$$.
However the real problem with the IPO is that Louis Rosetto sent
a 'rah rah' email to employees (all 330 of them), telling them how
great wIrEd is and how much money they're all going to make, which
got leaked out and posted on the Well among other places.  Unfortunately
for him, this is the 'quiet period' before the IPO where SEC regs
say that the company officers can't make huge glowing pronouncements
about their company.  Oops.

@_date: 1996-09-10 13:28:23
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: BoS: Can you trust your ISP ?? 
[classic Man-in-the-Middle attack]
What you described is the Man In The Middle attack, often
abbreviated on these lists as MITM.  The fact that there's
an abbreviation for it should indicate to you how often
it is discussed.  However it's also one of the first
problems (besides the basic encryption) that protocol
designers think of.
It's been taken care of in SSL3- the server's certificate
must be signed by a CA that the client trusts.  Unless
the digital signature can be spoofed, and it probably
can't be, the client can be certain that the server certificate it got
is really from the server that it claims to be from.
Assuming that RSA still can't be broken, the client can be sure
that the pre-master-key material that it sends to the server
(and which is the basis for the symmetric crypto session keys)
will not be compromised.
If you grab a copy of the SSL3 spec (from netscape's web site)
and read the appendicies there's more good stuff about possible
attacks and what's been done to counter them.

@_date: 1996-09-18 06:33:56
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: 56 kbps modems 
It's not.  We wanted a 24/7 connection, with ISDN in
PacBellLand that's ~$120/month for the ISDN (Centrex) and
about $300/month for an ISP to route packets.
Regular ISDN (not Centrex) would be even more expensive, and
to do Centrex your ISP has to be in the same CO.  The one ISP
that was in out CO seemed pretty clueless.  Pac Bell
doesn't seem to want us to use ISDN.  We wound up doing
Frame Relay instead.  We pay about the same to
PacBell but less to the ISP.  In addition, since it's
a Business Service, Pac Bell is pretty serious about
fixing it when it breaks- none of this "we'll check it out
in a day or two" like with POTS, they put a tech on
it right away.
As far as affording it goes, since our offices are at "home"
it's just another cost of doing business.
Crypto/security related: how hard is it to hack a Frame Relay
connection?  My impression is that it requires access to
one of the telco's routing computers, which would make it
about equivalent in difficulty to hacking POTS.

@_date: 1996-09-18 17:09:38
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: PGP in the workplace 
Quit and go work somewhere that's reasonable.  A decent IS department
doesn't play games like these; one that's full of morons does.
Talented people, especially those who know security, are
in demand at the moment.  So you shouldn't have to put up with
petty-tyrant bullshit- go find a company that is staffed by human beings.

@_date: 1996-09-19 06:41:34
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: A Bizarre Increase in the Ad Hominems Here 
[spew from "Dr.Dimitri Vulis" deleted]
If you think someone's a fuckhead, please just put them in your
KILL file and get on with your life.  You don't need to announce
your discovery to the rest of the group- we either agree with
you (and have killifiled the fuckhead) or we don't agree that
he's a fuckhead.  Your announcement will sway no one's opinion.
All it does is add to the noise.

@_date: 1996-09-19 08:47:46
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: cypherpunk listserve usefulness 
Out of curiosity, what are those keywords?
No, filtering your mail does NOT make you a censor, unless you're
filtering the mail before it is gatewayed to a list or newsgroup
where other people read it.  And they didn't ask you to do the filtering.
Filtering your own mail is akin to choosing which articles
in a magazine to read.  It's not censorship if you don't
read an article; it's the article's author's fault that
he didn't make the article interesting enough for you to read.
I think that anyone who has to work for a living must filter
the cypherpunks list in order to cut out some of the crap.
Most people just don't have the time to wade through everything, and
filtering some of it out is a good start on upping the S/N ratio.
What you consider Signal and Noise however is entirely up to you.

@_date: 1996-09-20 04:12:47
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: CIA web site hacked 
Chain: 2
 appears to have been shut down (as of 11:50am EDT).
Did anyone make a copy of the hacked pages?

@_date: 1996-09-21 13:03:03
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: How's the list? 
Mail filters are now virtually mandatory for reading cypherpunks.
SSLv3 has no known weakneses, other than the government-mandated
ones.  Of course there's always new ideas in breaking
crypto protocols, or new people working on it.
No, how much?
Some of it might, however since there's about a zillion ways
to steal CC numbers that are even easier than brute-forcing GAKware
"export" SSL, I'd guess that the vast majority of CC fraud is
from other causes.  It's just so easy to go dumpster-diving
for credit slips behind Macys, or snoop in on people
phone-ordering goods over cellular or "portable" phones.
Why bother breaking SSL?  Why, that requires a computer!

@_date: 1996-09-24 05:25:44
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Snooping ISP admin?? 
It's from a clumsy programmer- popd is known to hang up under
certain conditions.
If the sysadmin is reading your PGP mail, let him.  It's very very
unlikely that he has the resources available to crack a PGP
message in this century.

@_date: 1996-09-26 09:33:16
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Possible snake oil? 
In non-"export" SSL using RSA as the key-exchange algorithim 1024-bit
RSA keys can be used.  128-bit RC4 is most commonly used as the
symmetric algorithim in this case.
It's not snake oil.  I'd guess that some marketing-type
person found out enough about SSL to know that it uses
1024-bit RSA keys and thoght that since 1024 bits is bigger
than 128, they'd claim 1024 bit keys.  There's nothing really
wrong with that.

@_date: 1996-09-28 04:12:11
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: ssh - How widely used? 
[stuff about SSH deleted]
You probably should.  There's more places to 'sniff' information than
just from the network.  An example is the Streams-based tty snooper.
It pushes a Streams module between the tty and the shell.
No encryption program can protect that, as it has to be in
the clear unless you can do RC4 in your head. :-)
The program I'm thinking of (sorry I forgot the name) lets the operator
both read and write to any tty session on the machine.

@_date: 1997-04-03 12:42:38
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Is this snake-oil? 
I ran across this web page: They claim their 'Cyber-stone' scheme uses a "Pseudo-random
Transposition Cipher" to vary the keys for an underlying
symmetric cipher for each message.  They also claim
to have a patent on changing the keys for each message (which
seems like something on the level of patenting the 'help' key on
a keyboard, or the blinking block cursor.  Sigh).
I ask if it's snake oil because of the use of non-standard terminology
and marketing bullstuff like "A New Way of Encrypting".  However neither
of those are anywhere near proof of uselessness, only an indication
that's "food for thought and grounds for further research".
They claim patents:
5,307,412, "Random Coding Cipher System and Method"
5,335,280, "Random Sum Cipher System and Method"
5,533,128, "Pseudo-Random Transposition Cipher System and Method"

@_date: 1997-04-10 16:03:08
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Internet security code said vulnerable to hackers 
"Security through incomprehensibility".
Set's problem, or one of them anyhow, is that it uses ASN.1.  ASN.1
is useful for some things, but it really sucks as a description of
a protocol.  It is incredibly complex and figuring out the actual
contents of a given message is very difficult.   There is little description
in the SET documents of the protocol itself; the definition is pretty much
left up to the ASN.1.
The ASN.1 by itself often fails to describe what is in an object, i.e.
a gkThumb is an object of type CertThumb, which is defined in ASN.1 as:
CertThumb ::= SEQUENCE {
 digestAlgorithm   DAlgorithmIdentifier -- (sha1)--,
 thumbprint        Digest
 }
But the ASN.1 doesn't say what data is hashed in the Digest.
So you have to flip back to the text and hope there's a description
of what is hashed.   Sometimes there is, sometimes there isn't.
BTW, Set was the name of an old Egyptian god, the one who slew Osirius.
Brewers' Dictionary of Phrase and Fable says under the entry for Set that he
"came to be regarded as the incarnation of evil".

@_date: 1997-04-11 13:23:08
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Politics This Week [Tamper Proof Device?] 
I used to live and work for the Forest Service in northern Az.
There's a LOT of empty and semi-empty space there.  It's not at all
inconceiveable that a jet fighter could go down and not be found.
It'd be a lot more suspicious if it disapperaed in the middle
of say New Jersey.

@_date: 1997-04-14 09:17:53
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: SSL weakness affecting links from pa 
No, specification authors should take more responsibility in the specs
that they produce.  The HTTP spec's use of GET is insecure.  Specification
writers should realize that people will follow their specs, and should
be thinking of security and privacy issues as they are beig written.
Why not?  It's a useful tool to find out who has linked to you.
On the other hand, it _is_ a privacy concern, and I don't want to send it
to sites I visit.  So I included an option blocking the Referrer tag in
Cookie Jar, the cookie-blocking program I wrote.   I'd like to think that
writing it helped push Netscape into supporting better options for cookies
(see rfc2109) and into adding this option for not sending Referrer
but I'm sure there were many other louder calls for the same thing.
Users need to educate themselves.  Even a fairly security and privacy
concious company like Netscape still has exectutives who feel as though
they have to answer to the bottom line and who will sacrifice consumer
privacy to get there if they feel that the advantages outweigh the risks.
Netscape has consistently led industry in realizing and fixing and admitting
security holes and privacy issues, largely due to the effort of Jeff and
the rest of their security group in educating upper management on those
issues and making them realize their importance.  However I am not willing
to bet my privacy on Netscape's good will, as it could turn at any time.
The way to real privacy is to educate oneself.  Demanding companies to
"fix it" is lame and ineffectual.  You have the technology-  fix it
yourself!  Distribute your code.  Make the companies look bad.
Educate the sheeple.  But asking companies to look out for your privacy
is a waste of time.

@_date: 1997-04-14 11:31:24
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: SSL weakness affecting links from pa 
RFC 2109, released a couple months ago, addresses this.  Unless
Doubleclick is successful in getting it changed. :-(
I don't think any browsers yet support the cookie-choice features of 2109
(correct me if I'm wrong).  So in the mean time you can use Cookie Jar
( to filter out cookies and
Referer: tags and ads.

@_date: 1997-04-14 20:59:43
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Introducing newbies to encryption (was: Re: anonymous credit) 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/x-pgp-message
Size: 26 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 1997-04-20 19:23:01
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: SSL weakness affecting links from pa 
That's an interesting thought.
As it happens last week I added a way in Cookie Jar to allow sending HTTP
User-agent to some sites... the reason is that I ran into a couple that
absolutely have to know what type of browser you are using, and if given no
User-agent deliver either meaningless HTML or nothing at all.
Well Fargo and wIrEd.cOm are the ones I found.
So I added a rule to pass the User-agent line to sites like that.
However I edit out the part that informs the server what OS etc
you are running.  The User-agent is usually something of the form
User-Agent: Mozilla/3.0Gold (X11; U; Linux 6.6.6 i386)
and it's the part in the parens that I really object to, the part
that says what browser you have seems to be what the sites in question
need to deliver useable HTML.
I briefly had it send:
User-Agent: Mozilla/3.0Gold (why; they; fuck do you care)
but now it sends nothing at all in the parens.
In order to maximally fuck up stats, what should be put into
the windowing system/OS fields?  It has to be something that
exists and is fairly common, so that its not able to be thrown out
by the stats-gathers.  I could use "(X11; MVS; IBM MVS some version number)"
but that'd be easy to throw out, even though ports of X to MVS really did
Maybe I'll just make every copy of Cookie Jar look like
it's running on Linux.
BTW, Wells Fargo's on-line banking sucks dead gerbils through a dirty
garden hose.  The interface is poor, it checks that you're using
SSL not by actually trying it, but by checking the User-agent
field to see if you're using a browser that supports SSL, and
then when I try to transfer money between accounts, it refuses with
no explanation.  A fine example of how NOT to do things.

@_date: 1997-04-27 17:07:36
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Staale & Elm 
Yea, it's a problem with a Sprint customer who put out a bunch of
bogus routes.  Since friday I have been having problems connecting
to various sites, not all of them security-related.
According to an article in the Mercury News (info from more technically
knowledgable sources welcome):
  A problem at an Internet service provider in Virginia
  triggered a massive logjam on the Internet Friday, but
  the trouble was cleared up later in the day, Sprint
  Corp. said. A customer of MAI Network Services, a
  McLean, Va.-based Internet provider that is among
  900 companies that buy wholesale access to the Net
  from Sprint, entered 10,000 duplicate routes to the
  Internet backbone.   That caused massive access delays for
  an undetermined number of users, a Sprint spokes
  man said. I wonder how long it'll be possible for unauthenticated/unapproved people to
mess around with routers.  Eventually the net will become so important
(because so much business involves it) that a large outage will cost
a lot of important people money.  They'll demand that politicians
"do something" to fix it.  It's a safe bet that instead of
doing what hackers/software engineers/IETF members would do
to solve the problem, namely re-designing things so that a single error
can't bring down the whole net, they'll just pass a law requiring
that anyone who wants the 'enable' password to a cisco have first
passed a government-approved "Internet Administrators Class" and
gotten a license.

@_date: 1997-04-28 08:44:55
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Staale & Elm 
Hmm.  I saw problems friday and saturday.  Saturday I was checking URLs in
a book on hacking and security that I'm editing, and a number of
ordinarily reachable sites were down.  Traceroutes to them showed
wierd routing problems, mostly routing 'loops'.
I'm not picking on cisco, you missed my point.
In all other 'infrastructures' (i.e. phone company, roads)
only officially-sanctioned people are allowed access to work on things.
With the phone company, it's phone company employees & contractors, with
the roads its government employees and contractors.  When private
extensions are added, they're restricted and compartlemtalized so
that they can't affect the entire infrastructure... a private
corporate phone switch's misprogramming doesn't bring down Pac Bell.
OTOH, with the internet, this is not true.  IP routing is complex enough
that a router configurating error (or perhaps a series of them, maybe
Sprint was accepting BGP sessions from someone they shouldn't have)
_can_ damage major parts of the net.
Engineers (like most people on this list) first thought when faced with
a situation like this is to design more fail-safes into the system to
prevent a clueless admin or a router with a software error from
causing so much damage.  But politicians, when faced with the same
situation, their first reaction is "We gotta have a Law".
My prediction is that if things like this keep happening, the Internet will
be declared a "defense interest computer system" or something similar, and
only "approved personnel" will be allowed to mess with net-connected routers.
Hence mentioning the 'enable' (root) password on ciscos- I figured
more people here are familiar with them since they're the most popular
router and the OS's look and feel hasn't changed substantialy for
the last 5 years or so.

@_date: 1997-08-30 01:05:17
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: p.s. -- Re: ASK ToolKit Clarifications 
Check the headers.  The one you're replying to was a forgery.
Not snakeoil, but not all that useful either.

@_date: 1997-08-30 23:00:25
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Quote of the day (fwd) 
[yea yea, we've all seen multiple copies of this]
"X-day", in the credo of the Church of the Subgenuis, is
when the saved (people who have 'slack') are going to
be taken from the earth before it's destroyed, by 'pleasure saucers'
operated by Greys from Zeta Reticuli.  Or something like that.
Subgenius doctrine is hard to pin down since they're all
making it up as they go along.
X-day is supposed to be in 1998 some time, possibly April.
 has more info.

@_date: 1997-02-01 12:49:54
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Key Security Question 
Other attacks would be installing a keyboard sniffer, replacing your
PGP binary with a trojan that records your passphrase, etc.
This sort of stuff is quite possible but not likely.  Yet.
Or put your PGP keys on removeable media.

@_date: 1997-02-01 15:57:34
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Key Security Question 
Other attacks would be installing a keyboard sniffer, replacing your
PGP binary with a trojan that records your passphrase, etc.
This sort of stuff is quite possible but not likely.  Yet.
Or put your PGP keys on removeable media.

@_date: 1997-02-07 13:04:10
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Metzger, Denninger square off 
Karl's worried that the new GLTD system might mean that some sites
will be unreachable, so he's going to lobby ISPs to not accept the
new GLDTs to ensure that sites are unreachable?
This reminds me of the Vietnam era "We had to destroy the village in
order to save it."
If I didn't already think that Karl was an idiot, I'd sure think so after
reading this.

@_date: 1997-02-07 13:21:00
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Metzger, Denninger square off 
Karl's worried that the new GLTD system might mean that some sites
will be unreachable, so he's going to lobby ISPs to not accept the
new GLDTs to ensure that sites are unreachable?
This reminds me of the Vietnam era "We had to destroy the village in
order to save it."
If I didn't already think that Karl was an idiot, I'd sure think so after
reading this.

@_date: 1997-01-03 14:35:32
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
Bad idea.  It's tough enough on the host running a list with 1500 or
2000 people on it.  Adding outbound filtering for each user would
be a real burden on the list host.  It's better to distribute the
processing by making the user agent (or mail transport that's delivering
to the user) do the filtering.
In addition, a filtering majordomo will only 'protect' the lists that it
serves.  I don't know about you but I get a lot of spam from all sorts
of different sources.  I need to have a filter anyhow.  It's not hard to
add some more rules to filter out each lists's bozos.  It's a lot
simpler to do that than it would be to upload filter rules to each
of the 10 or 12 listservers I get mail from.
There's also a security issue.  How are you going to set it up so
that I can't say hack Tim May's filters to send him nothing but posts
from Phil H-B and Detwiler?  Yea, you can do it with passwords or
PGP or whatever, but it's still more overhead.  Why bother with it
when you don't need to?

@_date: 1997-01-05 16:41:58
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Sandy and I will run a cypherpunks "moderation" experiment in Jan 
NoCeM doesn't appear to do mail yet.  At least not according to the
info on the web site
There's nothing in John and Sandy's proposal that forbids
doing that.  Just apply it to the cypherpunks-unmoderated list.
NoCeM for mail would require a delay (for the 'retromoderation' or
whatever it's called message to arrive) otherwise you'd see the spam.
Unlike news, once email's delivered it can't be deleted by a cancel.
The unmoderated version of the list doesn't do that?
If such a message were to arrive and the moderator felt it would
be too illegal to post it, it would still go to the unmoderated list.
Remember, _everything_ goes to that list, before it's looked at
by the moderator. It appears that NO mailreaders support it. :-)
I don't mean to sound really negative, NoCeM looks like an
interesting solution to the problem of Usenet spam.  But it's not
ready for mailing lists.  We need a solution now, and the proposed
solution does not make it any harder to use something like NoCeM
when it's ready.

@_date: 1997-01-06 14:41:07
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: IWD_ism 
And a virus that "wipes out the system, takes it down for weeks"
is even more improbable- how long does it take to reinstall an OS?
But the objective of this exercise is not computer science
it is political science.  All that's needed is something that sounds
super-high-tech enough that (technically ignorant) members of
Congress will buy into it and fund it.  It doesn't have to actually work.
This tactic has been successful for the military-industrial complex
since before the end of WWII.  They're just extending it in the
new "information age".
What do you want to bet that we will soon be hearing about
needing "first strike" InfoWar capability in order to be able to
"fight on two fronts at once" for "mutually-assured cyber-destruction". The first US Army counter-virus will be called the "peacemaker". :-)

@_date: 1997-01-09 15:58:31
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Key Escrow Good, GAK Bad 
User education would be even easier than key escrow.  Your boss could
have shared that passphrase with one or more other people, ideally the
people who helped him make the report.  When you encrypt something
that's vital to the company, you need to make sure that it can be
gotten back.  In most companies, there's more than one person who
is 'cleared' for even the more vital information.  The keys to
those files should be shared amongst those people.
Unfortunately, few encryption programs make this easy.  And even though
you can do it in PGP by encrypting to multiple recipients, how many
people think to do so?  I don't.  Most programs assume that there's one
key that that's used to encrypt everything, hence one level of security-
the highest.  But in a business situation you really need to be able to
encrypt something with your key and your secretary's key, or the keys of
all the board members, etc.

@_date: 1997-01-10 09:18:56
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: IMPORTANT: Additional information about UDCM. 
You would think that a company that could issue "$1,250,000 in collateral
backed zero-coupon bonds" would be able to afford a real web site.
Thank you, I was wondering about that.
"industry standard"?  Which one, pray tell?
No, not until your algorithm is made public and has been reviewed
by people who know what they are doing.  Most prudent crypto application
developers wait a few years after a new algorithm has been made public
to see if someone discovers flaws in it.
Unfortunately for you, the way you are announcing and promoting your
program makes it could like cryptographic snake oil.  Posting
such announcements to the cypherpunks list is a good way to get flamed.
Perhaps you should have posted to alt.biz.multi-level, where the
threshold of credulity is much higher.

@_date: 1997-01-11 09:11:40
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: another idea? 
That was the original proposal.
Now that the 'discussion' has come around full circle, can we
stop talking about it and DO it?

@_date: 1997-01-13 17:21:44
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Newt's phone calls 
It won't.  It'll spawn more laws.
Encryption is voodoo to the masses and the politicians.  Even
in Silicon Valley newspapers there's the obligitory "encryption is the
science of scrambling words so that hackers can't read them" in
each article that mentions encryption.  However the masses and
politicans understand laws and jails pretty well.
Use a scanner, excuse me "cellular phone hacking equipment", go to jail.

@_date: 1997-01-14 08:59:58
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Newt's phone calls 
I have a Panasonic 46mhz portable phone that does the same.
It's a "Sound Charger Plus" with "10ch Secure Guard".  I think it
does a very simple analog operation to 'secure' voice transmissions.
Like someone else posted, it keeps Beavis and Butthead from
listening to your conversations, but that's about it.  I think
a dedicated ham, hardware-knowledgable hacker or Fed could do
a simple frequency-inversion or whatever and listen in.
This Panasonic cost about $80 from Frys.
You might get better security from one of the newer 900mhz digital phones.
Those would still be crackable but would require some digital
equipment, which is probably not yet as common.

@_date: 1997-01-14 14:36:45
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Newt's phone calls 
If the person with the cell phone doesn't move, then they don't
get handed off to a different cell.  That means that they
stay on the same frquency.  No need to scan channels if they don't switch.
What Bill's saying is that it is difficult to tap the cell phone of
a _particular_ person with just a scanner.  However the people
who taped Newt were just scanning for whatever they could get.  That's easy.
Let's not be paranoid.
It was a conference call, and someone other than Newt was the party
with the cell phone (sorry I forgot the guys name, some representative).
Do you think they (whoever 'they' are) were tapping the phones of
everyone that Newt might talk to?

@_date: 1997-01-14 19:10:04
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Newt's phone calls 
Interesting.  In California, operating a scanner while driving is illegal.
Of course it was probably the passenger running the scanner.
I've always wanted to scan cell-phone callers while driving next to them
on 101.  Even in Silicon Valley it'd be pretty wierd to have a sinister
looking guy in the car next to you pointing a black box with an antenna
at you...
I think that blowing your mouth off about what you've heard
by scanning cellular traffic is what's illegal.  Or more illegal
than merely listening anyhow.
Given that they've just pissed on some seriously powerful people I'd
expect that the fools who made the tape and gave it to the Democratic
congresscritter and then HAD A NEWS CONFERENCE about it are going to
be in some deep shit.

@_date: 1997-01-20 10:25:49
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Server Authentication 
I think that you can get access to the server's certificate.
I know you can from the CGI interface.  Unfortunately it's the
raw ASN.1 encoded certificate, so you would have to ASN.1 decode it.
If the SSL handshake completes, then you can assume that the client
has verified and authenticated the server certificate.   The only problem
would be that the authentication might not be up to the plugin's standards-
i.e.  a connection to  is somehow intercepted by
  The server  presents a cert
who's name is   The browser correctly presents a pop-up dialog
noting the discrepancy, and the luser operating the client clicks
on the 'OK' button, allowing the SSL handshake to finish.  Oops.

@_date: 1997-01-20 21:52:24
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Airport security [no such thing] 
Some airlines here in the US have set up "check in" terminals
near the gate so you can check in there instead of having to
deal with human beings at the desk.  The terminal asks the
magic three questions.  No chance for seeing someone's reaction
to the questions there (unless of course there's a hidden camera pointed at the terminal, or some sort of biometric device attached).
One time I asked a ticket guy if he's ever had anyone say "yes" to
the magic questions, his answer was that the one time it happened the person turned out to be an FAA three-questions enforcement squad
conducting a check.

@_date: 1997-01-20 22:10:53
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Airport security [no such thing] 
Some airlines here in the US have set up "check in" terminals
near the gate so you can check in there instead of having to
deal with human beings at the desk.  The terminal asks the
magic three questions.  No chance for seeing someone's reaction
to the questions there (unless of course there's a hidden camera pointed at the terminal, or some sort of biometric device attached).
One time I asked a ticket guy if he's ever had anyone say "yes" to
the magic questions, his answer was that the one time it happened the person turned out to be an FAA three-questions enforcement squad
conducting a check.

@_date: 1997-01-30 09:28:49
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Altavista 
[about targeted webvertising using stats gathered by tracking browsers]
Probably not.  But the practice still bothers me.  _I_ want to control
what information about me others can have.  I do not want the precedent
set that on the Net, what you do is trackable by every organization
who might care.  Sooner or later someone _would_ use that information to
hurt me.
That's why I wrote cookie jar, a program that lets the user have better
control over which 'cookies' if any they release to web servers, and
what other information their browser gives out.  See
 for details and code.
This doesn't bother me as much (besides the fucking ads, which I
hate... maybe I'll make cookie jar smart enough to nuke them).
The reason is that the ads are selected based on what you typed in
to the search engine right then- there's no tracking involved like
with Doubleclick.

@_date: 1997-01-30 11:12:57
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Altavista 
[about targeted webvertising using stats gathered by tracking browsers]
Probably not.  But the practice still bothers me.  _I_ want to control
what information about me others can have.  I do not want the precedent
set that on the Net, what you do is trackable by every organization
who might care.  Sooner or later someone _would_ use that information to
hurt me.
That's why I wrote cookie jar, a program that lets the user have better
control over which 'cookies' if any they release to web servers, and
what other information their browser gives out.  See
 for details and code.
This doesn't bother me as much (besides the fucking ads, which I
hate... maybe I'll make cookie jar smart enough to nuke them).
The reason is that the ads are selected based on what you typed in
to the search engine right then- there's no tracking involved like
with Doubleclick.

@_date: 1997-07-02 02:47:44
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: NRA and National Online Records Check bullshit 
[lots 'o stuff]
Close. The complling need is for politicians to appear to be 'tough on crime'.
Being 'tough on crime' gets you reelected.  Being 'soft on crime'
means you lose and have to find a real job.
Taking away the rights of convicted criminals who have served their
sentences makes you look tough on crime to the sheeple.  The convicts
and wimpy human-rights organizations like the ACLU might complain, but
fuck 'em, they're liberals or criminals who get whatever we decide that
they deserve.  Hell, if it'll get people to vote for you,  throw 'em
in a mental hospital after they've served their terms, or publish their names so citizens can drive them out of town.
It has little to do with disarming the population and lots to do with
the climate of fear that politicans and the media have whipped up.
With the downfall of communisim and the end of the cold war,
the DOJ/FBI/NSA/prison system has become the new Military Industrial
Complex.  Need money to get elected?  Vote for new prisons and
the powerful Prison Guards lobby will help you out.  Need a new
pork-barrel project to help out your friends back in the district?
Vote for federal dollars for more cops.
Need to sell papers or TV ads?  Tell people how bad crime is, everyone's
afraid of the criminals they see on 'Cops'.  More fear.  More cops.
More jails.  We're marching towards the police state one jack-boot
at a time.

@_date: 1997-07-10 02:19:10
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Jim Bell reference 
Wow.  This is the most blatant propaganda I've seen in a long time.
It's full of so much inaccurate info that it can't be an accident.
Their blurb on Bell says:
"In his "Assassination Politics," Bell suggests that IRS
agents are not protected against violent acts,
because they have stolen taxpayers' money. He also
initiates a betting pool as to what government
employees and officeholders would be assassinated."
If I remember correctly, Bell never 'initiates'[sic] anything, he
just talked about it.
They cites a Netly News article by Declan McCullagh
Declan's article doesn't say, or even imply, that Bell actually
set up his AP betting pool.  The "database" authors apparently wanted
to make a point by making his crime seem to be real, and were willing
to stretch the truth to do so.
This fits in with the rest of the "database".  Take a look
at the 'terrorisim' category.  Most of the 'terrorists' crimes
(or more correctly, arrests- this database seems to assume that
being arrested or charged with a crime makes one guilty) are
horrible terrorist crimes like sending hate email, or suggesting that a state
senator who vociferously supports mountain lion hunting be
"hunted down and skinned and mounted".  In that one the California state senator somehow becomes a US senator...
The "database" is filled with inaccurately-labeled "data".  I'd
be willing to bet that it will be used to support the "Info war"
military-industrial-complex money grab:  "Look, a study at
Gorgetown shows that we've had three incidents of Internet terrorisom
in 1997 alone, one against a US senator!"
Feh.  "Research" like this makes me puke.
BTW, you can add you own "IW incidents" via a form at

@_date: 1997-07-11 04:08:09
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Recreational pharmaceuticals by genetic engineering 
Ergot (Clavecps sp.), which grows on wheat, rye and other grasses.
Psilocibe sp. (which grows in the new world)
and some members of the genus Amanita, found in europe and the new world.
The problem with many of these natural sources of hallucinogens
is that they contain other poisons- ergot alkaloid molecules
have an LSD molecule attached, but other parts of the alkaloid
cause gangrene and convulsions.  Hardly party material!
Psilocibe mushrooms usually cause vomiting.  Most Amanita species
have an lethal dosage which is uncomfortably close to the
effective dosage, not a good thing in a drug.  Amanita muscaria
however was used by the vikings to help induce their 'berserker'
state for battle.
The problem with these is that it's generally hard to seperate the
drugs from the poisons, to the point where if you have the knowledge
to do so you might as well just set up a factory to make the drugs
from cleaner and cheaper non-biological precursors.
I don't see how that's really any different than marijuana- dope
is a weed, it's so easy to grow that retarded alcoholics can grow it.
And a different cultivar of the same species (hemp) is a plant that's
incredibly useful commercially.  Yet it's still illegal to posess any member
of the species (or related species like C. indica).  If some smart
biologist 'fixed' ergot to make nice clean LSD, it'd just be made
illegal to posess grain that's got a certain species of mold on it.
Everything that's not compulsory is illegal.

@_date: 1997-07-16 00:17:16
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: hand-held computers Re: Electronic commerce has long way to go 
There's a GCC development environment for the Pilot that
runs under Linux.   Also packages for synching, logging in from
the Pilot to unix, perl tools, assemblers, disassemblers, and
about 400 other things.
Check out  for info.
It's pretty cool how much stuff is available for the pilot.  It's
too bad that I need either a full workstation with all the trimmings, or
just a pen and a (paper) notebook.
SSL, telnet, ssh, xcopilot, a POP mail client and some more stuff.

@_date: 1997-07-17 07:51:12
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: The Real Plan: Making the Net Safe for Censorship 
That should be Making the Net Safe for SafeSurf.
The proposal is a classic example of "if you can't beat 'em in
the marketplace, beat 'em in the legislature".  It would require
a rating system while locking out new competition from the net
censorshipratings field.   SafeSurf operates
a ratings system.  Can you say "conflict of interest"?
Note provision 3, which stipuates that a rating must be "issued by a
ratings service that has a minimum of 5,000 documented individuals usin
its system to mark their data."
That'd kind of make it hard to start a competing ratings system, wouldn't it?
Just like the lumber barons who destroyed vast forests for
their own profit, too many modern business people are willing
to sell out our freedoms in return for profit for themselves.

@_date: 1997-07-18 02:26:19
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Verisign gets export approval 
My understanding is that Verisign's licensing agreement
explicitly forbids using any certs they issue as CA certificates.
Maybe if the 'someone' paid Verisign an appropriate fee they
might allow it, but I'd bet that fee would be very high.
Verisign's no dummy, they don't want to enable new competition
to ride on their backs.
In the case of this special strong-crypto-allowing cert, Verisign
would probably be encouraged to discourage cert holders from
using the special Verisign certs as CA certs, for the very
reason you suggest. :-)
The format of the X.509 extensions that will enable strong crypto
operation will be known soon.  Even if Netscape et. al. tried to keep
them secret, since they're public certificates they'll be available to
anyone with an ASN.1 parser.

@_date: 1997-08-01 00:03:29
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Denning backs away from GAK 
"Encrypt expert revises views
Authorities crack codes on their own"
By Simpson Garfinkel, special to the Mercury News
"A key academic supporter of the Clinton administrations position in the
debate over controls on encryption software has found that the
scrambling techniques widely used today have not shielded criminals from
law enforecement authorities.  As a result, she is backing off from
her long-held belief that controls on strong encryption are essential
to fight crime"

@_date: 1997-08-01 02:36:09
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Denning backs away from GAK 
Her support for GAK was also on 'utilitarian' grounds- she beleived law enforcement's claims that crypto prevented them from catching criminals.
This new study sounds like it pokes large holes in Freeh etc's main
justification of GAK.   That's just fine with me.  Ms Denning may change
her mind again later, but this is useful right now.  Especially since
Denning was the only respected cryptographer who sided with GAK.
Others do, especially those "driven to compromise" folk up on the hill
in Washington.
Yea, it'd be great if she suddenly got religion and started upholding
the constitution, but this is still better than I would have hoped for.

@_date: 1997-08-01 08:57:54
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: excerpt from William P. Crowell 
[yadda yadda]
That's some nice FUD to throw out.
Oh my, this is wonderful.
The reason that encryption isn't widely used is _directly_ because
of current government policy!!  They're using the results of their
own bad policy to justify more bad policy.
"In order to have widespread encryption, we must restrict it"
"Ignorance is strength"
"Freedom is slavery"

@_date: 1997-06-02 23:04:39
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: May's Banal Rant 
If those were the only two futures, you'd be right.
However it's more likely that if an 'Internet drivers license' bill
passed next week, Joe and Jill wouldn't care.  They're not on the Net
anyhow, and they already know (by reading _Time_ and watching TV)
that the Net is full of hackers and porn.  An Internet Drivers License
would help authorities crack down on hackers, or so the tv would
tell Jack and Jill (and they'd beleive it).
In addition, few people care about anonymity.  Jack and Jill certainly dont.
Try explaining why net users should be allowed to be anonymous to
someone who barely understands the net.  Like your parents for example.
If an 'Internet drivers license' bill passed next week, it'd take at
least a year to get it repealed (probably much longer).  During
that time, if the government wished to do so, it could stage any
number of provocative acts, blame them on 'Internet Terrorists', then
get James Kallstron on tv to announce that the 'Terrorists' have been
caught via their Internet Drivers Licenses.

@_date: 1997-06-03 08:28:29
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Net Driver's License 
Oh, I'll agree with that.  I think that governments will do it anyhow.
it makes a nice "dual-use" tool:  if someone the government doesn't
like is using a forged IDL, they can be busted for that.  Remember, wiretaps to gather evidence are now legal if they're "in good faith".
All it takes is one mention of your forged IDL, or a slip in your
code, and the secret's out.
If they do use a valid IDL, then they're traceable and can be
traffic-analyzed into revealing their "co-consiprators", then busted.
Of course these techniques will only be used against terrorists, never
against freedom fighters.

@_date: 1997-06-10 05:27:28
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: With friends like these... 
[shitload of FUD deleted]
Is there something important coming up that we should know about?
Something big enough to make the FUD-mongers want to distract us?
The main lie in this message was that the report endorses safe/pro-code.
It does not.  It doesn't even mention them.

@_date: 1997-06-14 09:22:27
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Impact of Netscape kernel hole 
Of course that's IDEA-encrypted (or maybe something better in PGP 5) so
the attacker would need a lot of compute power to brute-force the key.
I wouldn't worry too much about someone getting my secring.pgp.  However
I would worry about them getting my mail folder, my .rhosts, my
Yes, a description of the exploit would be very helpful.  It should
be fairly easy to hack a proxy to search and destroy the Java/Javascript
CaptiveX attacklet as it's being received.

@_date: 1997-06-25 05:11:52
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: The Grand Compromise is Coming 
Yes.  The tactic will be to use S.909 in negotiation to represent a 'fair' government-oriented solution.   Then 'compromise' with a 'balanced'
deal which includes all that the government really wants, with a few
of the more onerous bits taken out of S.909 as 'compromise'.
As Declan notes, Congress is driven to compromise.  The
government side can propose ever more draconian laws in order to
engineer the 'compromise' to whatever it wants.  On the other side, we
are stuck, because we have been asking for things that we really want, not
bargaining chips.  Even if we were to ask for bargaining chips that
are more than we really want, how much further than completely free
crypto can you go?    The government wins any game of compromise because
it can push its side as far as it wants, then demand that we meet halfway.
They will make it out as a victory ("send us more money") but in
reality it'll just be a little less of a defeat.
The rejectionist stance has the presumption that, if unwatched, the
government will pass a law so onerous that the people will rise up
in protest.  Unfortunately I don't think Americans will rise up in
protest over _anything_ any more.  Certainly not over basic freedoms.

@_date: 1997-06-28 04:42:58
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Secure Authentication 
And another question is should government be involved at all?
My answer to that is no, not for the setting of CA policy.
It should be up to the CA, as published in their policy, what
authentication if any they perform in order to issue a certificate.
There is a need for certificates that are closely tied to someone's True Name
and there is a need for certificates that do nothing except verify
that a given email address is unique in that CA's list.
I would oppose any laws that require a certain level of
"secure authentication" of CAs.  Especially since, as your question
hints, there IS no secure authentication available to all citizens-
drivers licenses and birth certificates and Social Security cards
are all readily forged.  All authentication is relative.
I would not be opposed to laws that penalized a CA for breaking
the terms of its published policy.  However I expect that existing
contract law would cover that, since the policy is essentially a
contract between the CA and the cert issuee.
The biggest problem with CAs and the law is legal liability.  The liability
of being a CA is currently unknown until there is case law on the topic.
I think that one way of looking at CA liability would be to consider it
to be similar to an insurance policy with a limited maximum liability.
A CA who issued low-assurance unique email address certificates might
limit its liability to $10, whereas a CA who issued a high-assurance
37-forms-of-ID-and-a-retina-scan True Name certificate might limit
its liability to $100M (or maybe unlimited).  These liability limits
would of course have to be stated in the CAs policy.
Being able to limit liability on their own would allow the market
to choose how much assurance a certificate for a given transaction needs.
For CAs, it would allow them to insure themselves.
It would be trivial to add an 'assurance' field to standard X.509
certificates so parties to a transaction wouldn't need to read
the CAs policy statement to learn how much a given certificate was 'worth', i.e. how far the CA is prepared to back it.

@_date: 1997-06-29 01:38:18
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Bomb-making instructions.... 
Yes.  Instructions like "Do not drop bomb" and "run away after you
light the fuse" are enabling technologies which allow terrorists to
ply their trade.  By banning all safety instructions related to explosives, we will save American lives and make the world safe
for our children.

@_date: 1997-03-14 08:09:22
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: DESCHALL v0.214 now available -- US/Canada only 
Sorry, but with no source code I'm not touching it.

@_date: 1997-03-21 14:29:03
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Jackboots in Canada 
The alternative, proposed by some goverment person (governor?) in Quebec, was
to suspend "individual liberties" for bikers, making it possible to
pull one over at any time, search them, and if explosives are found
assume they're guilty until proven innocent. That last part just floored me, how could anyone be willing to throw
away rights like that?  At least here in the US they're not so
obvious about it- the cash (or cars or computers) are seized and
presumed guilty until proven innocent, and of course you can't mount a
defense if everything you own is seized and your bank accounts frozen, but
you're still presumed innocent.  It was that evil CASH that did it.

@_date: 1997-05-16 00:50:54
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: `careerpunks' 
Same here.  I've been looking out for privacy problems in the systems
that I help my clients design.  Whenever I find one I have been able to
convince the client to redesign their product to fix it.
I'd never have this much influence as a mere cypherpunk.  But when I
can tell the client what the damage will likely be if their systems
are not sufficiently private, they become very interested in making them so.
Also, working in the field doesn't preclude doing free stuff that
you find an interest in.
Yes.  I will not work for a client on a project that I consider
to be 'bad' (i.e. GAK).   I do wonder sometimes what I will do if/when
all crypto systems are GAKware.

@_date: 1997-05-19 09:22:13
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: referers and W3 (fwd) 
Note that it'll work with a non-UNIX browser just fine.  You do need to
have access to a Unix host to run the cookie jar program itself, but you
can tell your Windoze browser to use cookie jar as a proxy.... I run my Mac's
browser through it.
Sounds like an idea to go along with the User-Agent spoofing I added recently.
What would make sense to use, other than sending
How about sending the current URL as Referrer?

@_date: 1997-05-21 04:00:25
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Jim Bell 2 
Thanks for posting this.
The _IRS_ can arrest people for 'scheming to overthrow the U.S. government' !?
I thought that was the FBIs job.  I'm sure they'd have wanted to be
in on it if he was as big a terrorist as they're making him out to be.
Maybe the FBI that the bulk of the charges are bogus and wanted nothing to
do with them, but the IRS went ahead anyhow to harass him and to
justify their earlier search.  Food for thought and grounds for
further research...

@_date: 1997-11-02 04:46:02
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Technology 'secures' gunfire [CNN] 
They've been testing this in the city I live in.  The police got
the company who makes it to set it up as a demo.
There's a significant area of town in which most of the residents
are mexican, and they have a habit of firing guns in the air on
important holidays.  The gunshot locator was installed primarily for
tracking down such shooters.
It turns out that it doesn't work very well- when the demo came up or
review, the police said that they didn't want to buy the system, because
it can't tell the difference between a gunshot and a car backfire and
the cops were wasting time searching for non-existent 'gunfire'.
There was an outcry from the citizenry- evidently the gunshot locator
made them "feel safer" although even the cops claim its ineffective.
The sheeple prevailed, and the city council coughed up the money to buy it.

@_date: 1997-11-13 02:04:17
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: SET 
I agree completely.  The people involved in the SET "standards effort" seem to have relatively little concern about security compared to
say the TLS working group.  There are smart security-aware people
involved but the process is controlled by non-security-aware
card company VPs.
Neither have I, but I've already found a significant privacy problem
which would allow merchants to determine who else a cardholder has
made purchases from.  When I posted details to the set-discuss list
the response from the SET czars was "so what?".
[details: according to the spec the cardholder sends to the merchant
thumbs (SHA1 hashes) of all the certs in the cardholder's cert cache.
Since this will contain certs from merchants the cardholder has
made purchases from in the past, a merchant could simply match up
those merchant cert thumbs with cert thumbs he obtains from other
merchants, allowing him to build a list of merchants the cardholder has
attempted to make purchases from].
When the right people do make an effort to crack SET 1.0, it's quite likely
to be broken.
Sorry to sound so negative, but I just got back from a SET meeting
and those always seem to make me especially cynical.

@_date: 1997-11-13 03:14:12
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: SET 
Sending them all from the client is bit more efficient-
this way the client sends one message with all its thumbs and
the merchant side sends back any certs that are required.
The other way, the merchant would send the thumbs for all
the required certs, then the client would send a list of thumbs
for certs it doesn't have, then the server would send those certs.
So this way there's one less round trip required.
Both methods are equally open to attack unless the list of thumbs is MAC'd.

@_date: 1997-12-01 06:36:06
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: If you fought to defend your country... 
[..] Stanford used to be a real town.  Palo Alto annexed a number of
surrounding smaller towns in the 50s.  The town of Mayfield is one; it
consisted of the area just south and east of Stanford, where California
street is now.
Of course if you follow private property rights to their full extent,
its within Stanford's rights to escort Tim off the premises for whatever
reason they want, including simply not liking the way he looks ("fitting
the profile").  However Stanford isn't a purely private institution since
they take government money for research contracts and the like.
Sure.  And having something bad happen to her while at Stanford will
get the university pilloried in the press; while harassing a few
people who "fit the profile" will probably get them kudos or at
the worst some rants in non-mainstream press.  It's not the fault of
Stanford's rulers-- they're just responding to what we as a soceity
tell them that we want: safety over freedom.

@_date: 1997-10-21 23:49:10
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: SMTP Encryption Extension 
You don't need to run it through a CGI.  There's a port defined for
ssmtp           465/tcp    ssmtp
(from the IANA assigned port numbers document of feb '97)
The problem with SSL is that it only protects the pipe, not the mail
that's being transported.  Mail is a store-and-forward scheme.
It's stored on the local disk and forwarded to the next hop.
Often that's not the recipient, but is a mail exchange or a firewall
gateway.  Then the MX or firewall forwards the mail on to the next
hop, etc.
(note that a CFS partition, in order to be used by a mail transport, would
need to be mounted at all times, and therefore would be available to
an attacker who gained root on the mail transport host)
If your mail goes to an intermediate MX site, it'll sit in the clear on
the disk there until its sent to its final destination.   Even if all
mailers supported ssmtp, the mail would not be secure.
Email really needs to be individually encrypted instead of using
encrypted pipes.  If you want to protect all email (an excellent
idea), build a mail transport which automatically encrypts each
outgoing mail in the key of the recipient (or recipients's mail
transport).  It's not that hard to do, I build a 'pgpsendmail' for
a former employer.  Most of the effort was in figuring out where in
sendmail to put the hooks to pgp.

@_date: 1997-09-03 01:13:55
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Beware free 'gifts' 
Spammed to Usenet news:
I wonder how long this company would last if say James Kallstrom
was 'tracked' using their 'trapcard'....

@_date: 1998-04-25 17:49:52
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Surveillance of police raids... 
Not unhappy enough to make it stop.  I beleive that shows like "Cops"
teach people to accept police violence- it's always "in the right"
and the "perp" is always guilty.  Just another way that the System
tries to make a lie of "guilty until proven innocent".
Cool idea.  You could send streaming video (encrypted of course) to
a 'safe haven' which would store it until you need it to back
up your court case and send the vicious pigs to jail where they
belong.  Until you need it, it'll be safely stored and only you
can get to it.
However, there's two weak links in that- the net connection and
the safe haven server.  Once one set of cops gets nailed by
such a system, you can bet that word _will_ get around:  foil
any home surveilance system before the raid.  Of course that'll
be part of the 'evidence gathering' which is why you don't want the
cameras to simply record on tape in the first place- the cops will
seize the tapes as "evidence" and they'll become "lost" before trial.
The cops could cut your phone/ISDN/DSL line before the raid, but of course
that might tip you off.  Although with the rate that net connections go
down these days due to router failures, maybe it wouldn't.  The other way for the cops to foil the system is to attack the
safe haven server.  Possibly just by tracking your traffic to the
server, then seizing all the server' operators computer equipment
(shutting down his business) as more 'evidence'.  A few cases of that
would convince most server operators that they should take up a different
The third weak link is that the cops would simply kill you and your
family- if there's no survivors to sue, then whataver evidence you
have is worthless.

@_date: 1998-12-25 02:34:01
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: I want to spam the Jury Duty information 
No, it's a bad idea.  The ends do not justify the means.

@_date: 1998-02-10 00:42:33
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Driver Licenses 
I have no idea if my local 7/11 does this.  I don't even know
where my local 7/11 is.  I do however find it interesting that they're
implementing this policy when there are still legally-issued non-mag-stripe
driver's licenses in circulation... like mine, issued in 1980
(extended many times) and valid til the end of this year.
Never mind that the CDL isn't supposed to be a citizen's ID badge.
We're building Big Brother, one tiny step at a time.
I hear we're going to war against Oceania again next month.

@_date: 1998-01-03 01:53:04
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Mobile phones used as trackers 
The little I know about cellular is that the handset only broadcasts
to the cells when its on.  Of course, 'on' and 'off' might mean
different things on a hand-held with limited battery life, and a
mobile that's connected to a large battery with a generator (car).
But it doesn't make sense to have the even the mobile system constantly
communicating with cells and getting hand-offs when the operator
has switched it 'off' and isn't using it-  it'd be taking up bandwidth
for no reason at all.  And we all know that cellular bandwidth is
in short supply.

@_date: 1998-01-06 00:33:44
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: .50 ammo 
A Sabot is a casing which goes around a bullet, allowing say
a .22 caliber bullet to travel properly down a .30 caliber barrel.
They're usually made of plastic and designed to fall away
from the bullet soon after it leaves the barrel.
It's a hack to get high(er) velocity out of an existing gun, or
to expand the range of available projectiles for a weapon.
I used to see Sabot rounds that were .22 caliber bullets
with a .30 caliber Sabot, in a .30-06 casing.  I think Remington
made them and they were available to the general public.
They were marketed for 'varmint' hunting, as an alternative
to buying a .25-06 or similar varmint rifle.
Yes, and many people want to be able to buy a quick technological fix
to something (like shooting) which requires talent and/or practice to
become good at.
Just like buying a synthesizer doesn't instantly make one a musician, buying
a wonder gun doesn't immediately make one a crack shot.
Not that I'm accusing anyone in this discussion of having this tendency, just
pointing out that the best gun in many situations is the one that you
have run the most rounds through.

@_date: 1998-01-07 01:14:06
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: cypherpunks and guns 
I agree- the fedz will always have better firepower than any of
us.  Tim's strategy of letting them know that he won't take
a 'no-knock' raid sitting down might keep them honest.  Or it
might make them come in with 80 special agents and a heliocopter to
drop napalm on his house.
I'm not going to spend a lot of time setting up defenses against a
massive police attack- the costs are too high (expensive weapons, time
practicing on the range) and the hassle is great... who wants to
live barricaded in their house, jumping at every noise?
Better to do the things that we're good at- writing code, cracking
codes, writing about crypto-liberation ideas.
However, guns are good for a couple things- they're still useful
against non-government thugs, and they're a hell of a lot of fun.

@_date: 1998-01-23 01:06:11
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Revenge on the Nerds  -Maureen on a rampage 
I've already done the work:
It'll block cookies, accepting them from a specific list of sites. It blocks the outgoing requests for ads, on a (regex-controlled)
host or URL basis.  So you don't bother to download ads, saving you
from seeing them and wasting the bandwidth downloading them.
As an example, my .cookiejarrc file currently holds:
denyhost *.doubleclick.net advertising.quote.com commonwealth.riddler.com
denyhost *.linkexchange.com *.pagecount.com images.yahoo.com denyhost ads.*.com ad.*.com adforce.imgis.com denyhost *.flycast.com/ songline.com:1971/
denyurl /ads/* /ads/images/* *sponsors/redirect/* */bin/statthru* */AdID=*
denyurl /adv/* /sponsors2/*  */ad-bin/ad* /advertising/* */livetopics_anim.gif*
denyurl /Banners/* /shared/images/ad/* /sponsors3/* /adverts/* /free/FarSight/*
denyurl /ad/ /*ad*.focalink.com/
It'll let you selectively block sending the User-agent line
in the HTTP request, and will let you randomly select from a list
of User-agents that you supply if you want to mess up site's data
collection schemes.  And you can choose to block sending anything
but the Accept and Pragma lines in the HTTP request for more privacy.

@_date: 1998-07-02 16:46:11
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: IE Frees Crypto 
[about Irish crypto legislation]
It says "lawful authorisation" not "search warrant".
That means that sometime later they can go back and
pass another law that says that "lawful authorisation" for
forcing one to reveal one's plaintext or keys is something
much less stringent than a search warrant.
Most proposed US crypto regulations have similar weasel-words.

@_date: 1998-07-09 13:28:00
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: FC: Forget Internet restrictions -- how about banning TV? 
[rant against tv deleted]
While I agree that TV is a brain-sucking void, banning any
form of dissemination of information is a Bad Thing and
a sign of serious government oppression.
First the came for the TV sets, and I didn't say anything because
TV is merely bread and circuses for the masses.
Then they came for my radio, and I didn't complain because
I can't get Rush very good anyhow.
Then they came for the newspaper, and that really pissed me off, so
I wanted to protest.  I wanted my protest to get a lot of exposure, so
I went to call the TV and radio stations but they don't exist any more.
I'd rather be dealing with Hillary than the Talliban.

@_date: 1998-11-04 01:55:43
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: VANGUARD:  An Election About Nothing? (fwd) 
Not voting tells the current politicians that you don't care
what they do to you.  They'd be happier if only 5% of the electorate
bothered to vote- that's fewer people to market to.
If you don't like the Republicrats in office, then vote for
what the media denigrates as a 'fringe cantidate'.  If they
lose, which is likely because Americans tend to want to vote
for the winner, then you'll be satisfied because you voted
against the idiot in office.  If they happen to win, then
you'll either get someone wiht some new ideas which (hopefully) you
agree with, or someone so seriously wierd that they paralyze
government for their entire term. Here in California we have Green, Libertarian, Peace and Freedom,
Reform and Natural Law candidates for almost all the state positions.
The Natural Law people are so wierd that it's very tempting to
vote for them, here's a sample:
Jane Ann Bialosky, Natural Law candidate for Secretary of State:
"My ideal is to bring fullfillment to the electoral idea, a wise electorate.
Government is the reflection of collective conciousness....
Our government should sustain the influence of harmony, positivity, wholeness,
in which no one can go wrong and everyone will spontaneously be right...
The government of nature governs from the holistic nasis of creation
according to the principle of least action.... Everything must be held up
by natural law.
Another Natural Law candidate for state Controller:
"My vision is for prevention-oriented government, conflict-free politics
and proven solutions to America's economic problems by cutting taxes deeply
abd responsibly while simultaneously balancing the budget through
cost-effective solutions to America's problems, rather than by cutting
essential services."
I was thinking as I read the voter pamphlet that an Absurdist party
would be quite amusing and would point out the silliness of the
current politicians.  But I don't think I could come up with anything as
wacky as the Natural Law people can.
That's my point.  Absurdisim sends a much stronger message
than just not voting.  Voting for serious 'fringe' candidates
(i.e. Libertarians) also sends a message.  Not voting just
says "I don't care what you do to me".
Of course the whole thing _could_ be rigged- last night the ABC web site had pages up with _today's_
voting results, with 100% of the "precincts reporting".
   They're not up now, but I managed to get a copy of the senate "results"
yesterday (10/2) at 18:40 PST.  It'll be interesting to see how well
they match the "results" from today. A copy of the page I saved is at

@_date: 1998-11-23 01:57:50
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Question about general patents 
You can't patent a computer program under US patent law either.
You can patent an algorithim or a method however.

@_date: 1998-10-12 23:44:30
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: IP: Different Approaches to Privacy Issue: OECD 
No, the US is opposed to any privacy regulations.  "electronic commerce"
now means so many things that you have to consider it to be a comment
phrase that adds no meaning to the sentence in which it resides.

@_date: 1998-09-08 08:55:35
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: cryptographically secure mailing list software 
At ~1sec/ encryption (varies greatly depending on your list hardware, should
be less on a newer PC) adding an extra 200 seconds of CPU time for each mail message to the list is probably acceptable.
Check out PGPdomo.
I found a copy at:

@_date: 1998-09-28 21:55:17
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Cypherpunks defeat? 
Not directly as an added charge.  But they do indeed pass it on.
The card associations won't let them directly charge an added amount for
using a credit card, because that would remind consumers that they're
paying for the privlidge.. and that might discourage them from
using plastic.  But it's ok for the merchant to offer 'discounts' for
buyers who use cash instead of credit cards.  That 'discount'
is the real price of the goods with the credit-card surcharge
subtracted.  Often that's 3-4%, sometimes as low as 1.2%.
It still costs you the credit fee, hidden inside the purchase price.
Visa and MasterCard don't have massive staffs and huge office
buildings because they're dumb.

@_date: 2000-12-01 11:34:33
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: IBM Cries Crypto Wolf, Experts Say 
References: <734f3334a3b95bdadc44217866bbf5fc
I'm guessing what's described above is this:
Stanford Security Seminar
Charanjit Jutla of
IBM Watson
Thursday, Dec 7 at 4:15pm
(Note unusual day)
Gates 4B area
Encryption Modes with Almost Free Message Integrity
We define a new mode of operation for block encryption which
in addition to assuring confidentiality also assures
message integrity. In contrast, previously for message
integrity a separate pass was required to compute a
cryptographic message authentication code (MAC).
The new mode of operation, called Integrity Aware CBC (IACBC),
requires a total of m+log m block encryptions on a plain-text
of length m blocks. The well known CBC (cipher block chaining)
mode requires m block encryptions. The second pass of computing
the CBC-MAC  essentially requires   additional m block encryptions.
A new highly parallelizable mode (IAPM) is also shown to  be secure for both encryption and message integrity.
We also show a lower bound  of Omega(log m) additional block
encryptions  for any reasonably modeled  (linear)
scheme which assures message integrity along with
See

@_date: 2000-12-16 11:24:25
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Announce: "secret-admirers" mail list(usenet) 
References:  <3A3BA5D5.FE849DE3
By default they perform all the default logging....
Yes, it can be.  I used to have a script which parsed nntpd
logs to watch an individual's browsing (individual host that is).
With access to the dialup/radius database, the ISP could match
the IP to the account and thus to the real name.
The same info can be obtained for email on an ISP via POP/IMAP logging
combined with the sendmail logs (and looking at the emails in the queue
to get the content).
Fortunately most ISPs don't have the time to do this just for fun,
unfortunately a lot of them would do it if requested to do so by police.
Only by running your own mail or news server can you prevent the
ISP from monitoring your email or news reading.

@_date: 2000-12-16 16:20:05
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Announce: "secret-admirers" mail list(usenet) 
References: <3A3BA5D5.FE849DE3  <3A3BA5D5.FE849DE3 <20001216112425.B9768 <5.0.2.1.0.20001216155305.01e9c3f0
Interesting.  I didn't know that newsreaders did that.  None of my
newsreaders do, but then I use rn or trn and not the newsreaders built into
browsers, which I assume is what you mean by "most people's".
Yes, if you always download all of a.a.m then there's no way to do
traffic analysis unless your opponent can control your news feed and
selectively delete or modify messages in the newspool, and that's a lot
more work than looking at the download logs.
Not completely- it wouldn't work for people with newsreaders like trn which
don't always grab everything from the subscribed newsfroups.
Simple to fix, but something to be aware of.

@_date: 2000-12-19 07:04:46
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Announce: "secret-admirers" mail list(usenet) 
References: <20001216162005.G28790 <5.0.2.1.0.20001217142554.01dbdc20 <3A3EACEE.10528.A77D84A
You missed the begining of this thread.
The threat isn't from the ISP personnel, who like you say are too
busy to spy.  It's from law enforcement who get access (through
subpoenas or simply asking for it) to the logs that the ISP's been
keeping.  They could then do traffic analysis on your a.a.m reading.

@_date: 2000-11-01 16:20:31
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Zero Knowledge changes business model (press release) 
References: <4.3.0.20001031100154.01638920  <3.0.6.32.20001101093858.007e9420
I beleive it was Eric Hughes who at a Cypherpunks meeting about four
years ago, said "the solution isn't key escrow, it's document escrow".
Which makes sense- a business doesn't (or shouldn't) allow employees
to keep a single copy of an important document on their hard drive.
It should be replicated in other known places in case of disaster (drive
failure, stolen computer, employee hit by bus, etc).  Just because
documents are encrypted doesn't mean that this practice is abandoned.
One can envision a system where there's a corporate "document czar" who
is regularly given docs from various employees and who then encrypts them
in his own key.  When and where the docs get decrypted is determined by
corporate policies.  No key escrow required.
I don't know of any existing system like this, but formal corporate
document control isn't my field.

@_date: 2000-11-07 14:10:13
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: CDR: Re: [Spam wars, continued...] 
References: <20001105131655.A5590  <3.0.5.32.20001106203731.009b9770
Maybe I'm too limited in my thinking, but I don't see this actually
happening with usr-level filtering.  Mostly for the simple reason that
it doesn't make sense to send anything back to the spammer. They're
usually spamming from a bogus address or a throw-away or pointing
the recipient's email account soon overflows with complaints.
So there's not much use in replying to spam.  All the recpient
can do is filter it into a seperate file or throw it out entirely.
The spammer will not know what action users have taken, so they
can't complain.
This is different from the MAPS case, where the sites that use MAPS
(and RBL etc) refuse to accept mail identified by MAPS as coming from
spam sites or open relays.  This way, the spammer finds out that
their spam is rejected, and there's a big organization (MAPS or
larger sites using it) to go after.
If it's a "cypherpunks technology" spam filter, then there's no commercial
program for spammers to test their spam on and no company to sue.
In any case, I beleive that end-user spam filters should allow individual
users to customize the filters or replace them entirely.
I've written a simple user-level filter that attempts to
recognize spam by the emails content instead of the headers.
It's still a crude experiment at this point, but it seems to be
working ok for me.

@_date: 2000-11-16 09:52:35
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Schneier: Why Digital Signatures are not Signatures (was Re: CRYPTO-GRAM, November 15, 2000) 
References: <4.2.2.20001115165119.00ce3bb0  <20001116011224.B29800 What's interesting about this is that while everyone wants the
added security from a device like this, no one wants to pay for it.
I did a lot of the design for a secure smartcard keyboard that was
produced a few years ago by a company called N*Able (bought last year by
Wave Systems).  It solved the problem of trusting the PC that you shove
your smartcard into not to steal the PIN or sign something else or lie
about what you're signing.  Rather than having to trust MS (or linux)
to protect your signing keys and what you're signing, you only had to
trust our keyboard, which was designed from the beginning to be secure
(while that's not perfect but it's a heck of a lot better than trusting MS,
and good enough for commercial applications).
However, in meeting with the US banking industry, we were told in so
many words "this solves our security problems, we'd love to use it, but
we want someone else to pay for deployment".  The financial industry
sees security problems not as something to be fixed, but as a cost to
be borne.  If the cost of the security breaks is less than the cost of
the technology to fix it, or if the cost of security breaches can be
passed on to someone else, there is no reason to put a security measure
into place to fix the problem.  I beleive that most financial systems
in the US, operate on the second model (credit cards do
by law- loss over $50 is eaten by the merchant or sometimes the issuing
bank, to be passed back to consumers in higher prices).
I think that the force that would distribute secure signing hardware
in the US is profit- the hardware and the systems to support it would
need to cost enough less than the fraud rate that there's a profit to
be made off the difference.  Unfortunately with this type of hardware,
most of the cost is not in the hardware itself, but in the distribution,
software and support.  AMex seems to have discovered that with "blue"-
there's no support for actual on-line payments.  In fact the company
that did the software, GlobeSET, recently folded.  So now it's a regular
credit card with a pretty gold-colored symbol on one side.  The cost
might have been worth paying for long-term customer acquisition, but it
was a bust as far as fraud reduction and security is concerned.

@_date: 2000-11-27 10:36:37
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
References: <852569A4.0062EC39.00
Hi Lynn!
However, caching the revocation data (which DNS would do nicely) means
that there needs to be some way for the relying parties to authenticate
the cached revocation data.  They could authenticate the DNS cache, but
that means trusting all those DNS servers.  More practically
the DNS cache servers could authenticate the data as coming from a trusted
DNS server (which is how DNSSEC works now I beleive).  But that forces
the relying parties to trust that the DNS server that they're getting
the revocation data from has done the authentication.  And it
still doesn't address the issue of Mallet operating an evil DNS-CRL
cache which sends out bogus revocation data.  It also requires
the DNS caches to do the public-key crypto.
But, there's a solution- if the DNS servers and caches are sending out
revocation data which is signed by the real authority for revocation data
(whoever that may be for the application), and the relying parties
do the verification, then there's no security problem with the intermediate
DNS servers/caches.
So, IMHO, signed CRLs serve a purpose.
I agree that a cache system like DNS would be nice for CRL distribution
but I think that a usenet-type system would be good enough in practice.
I don't think that propagation delays are that big a problem in practical
use for TLS sites.  A CRL would only be issued if a merchant has shown
some amount of bad behaviour, or if there's been a key compromise.
For bad behaviour, there would likely be some sort of process
involved in issuing the CRL- one single report of merchant fraud would
not cause an issuer to revoke a cert instantly.  So if a merchant
goes "bad", there's likely to be quite a delay before they're revoked-
notices, appeals, etc.  A few hours taken in the distribution of the CRL
once the issuer's completed the process isn't going to make the problem
noticeably worse.
It'd be nice to have instant CRL distribution for key compromise, but
most sites will have been running with the compromised key for some time
before it's detected.  If a site really cares about security after
a key compromise, it could just go get a new cert and use that (after
fixing the problem that caused the compromise of course).

@_date: 2000-11-27 19:37:41
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: CDR: Re: ip: TechNews: NSA Builds Security Access Into Windows 
References: [NSAkey in MS]
Old subject indeed- this stuff's from sept 1999.

@_date: 2000-11-29 10:28:49
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Lost password 
References: <975510976.7843 It's been proposed many times, and each time there's a storm of protest
that 1) anonymous remailers wouldn't be able to post (not true) and 2)
spam is free speech (arguable when the recipients pay for its delivery).
It won't happen any time soon.
I filter out most of the spam by sending anything posted to the
toad.com address to a seperate folder.  The bulk of cypherpunks spam has
historically been sent to the old toad address, although that seems to
be changing.  I also filter spam by running an experimental filter I
wrote that recognizes spam text (
Sometimes I forge unsubscribe messages to the spam lists that the
cypherpunks list gets subscribed to...  I encourage others to do the same.

@_date: 2000-10-24 16:22:20
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Wired News tech scorecard for U.S. House of Representatives 
References: <59816DD7DAE9D11184E400104B66A3530555477B t> <4.3.0.20001024184518.00b51430
That vote on the Electronic Signature law could be considered a positive.
It's a really lousy law.  It's not a _Digital Signature_ law-- there's no crypto involved.  Under this law, "clicking on a button"
is explicitly considered a digital "signature".  That is very easy to forge.  This law opens up whole new vistas for
identy theft and abuse.   Maybe Paul has a clued-in person on his staff?

@_date: 2000-10-25 14:13:07
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Gort in granny-shades (was Re: Al Gore goes cypherpunk?) 
References: <3.0.5.32.20001024103811.0099fba0  <4.3.0.20001024020843.0233a0b0  <3.0.5.32.20001024103811.0099fba0  <4.3.0.20001025161515.023d2d70
Here's the cron-run script that I use to do it.  In my case
it combines the regular list and the list of subscribers to
the digest version and any other address that's been added to
the allowed posters list into a new allowed posters list.
If you set up majordomo to send rejected emails to the list
manager (the default) then any "legit" poster who's post
gets bounced by somehow not being on the approved list can
be added by the list operator.
if [ $# -ne 3 ]; then
    echo "usage: updateperms list1 list2 permlist"
    exit 1
cd $mjhome/lists
if [ $1 -nt $3 -o $2 -nt $3 ]; then
 cat $1 $2 $3 | sort | uniq > $3.tmp && mv $3.tmp $3
 echo "updated $3"

@_date: 2000-10-27 10:11:00
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Parties 
References: <59816DD7DAE9D11184E400104B66A3530555479B
There already is one.
It's called the Libertarian party.

@_date: 2000-10-27 11:16:08
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Parties 
References: <59816DD7DAE9D11184E400104B66A3530555479D
Well, that gets my vote!
Why should I vote for someone who doesn't stand for what I beleive
in just because the media says that they're "not electable"?
That's the kind of loser attitude that's gotten us a contest
that'll assuredly elect either an idiot (Bush) or a fool (Gore).
Unfortunately Americans are more interested in voting for a "winner"
than they are in voting their concious.   A "Libertarian Lite"
party wouldn't get the principled voters away from the Libertarian
party and wouldn't get any more mainstream voters than any other
third party gets.
But if you really want to do it, go ahead.  The cipherpunks list
isn't a very good place to discuss it though, as most posters seem
to think that the Libertarian party isn't radical enough, and besides,
crypto anarchy will soon make governments obsolete.

@_date: 2000-10-27 13:54:23
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Parties 
References: <20001027111608.K18991 Of course if everyone feels that way, then we'll elect only the candidates
which have been pre-chosen for us.  Which is pretty much what happens
in the US, at least on a national level.  I refuse to play along,
especially in contests where I don't like the candidates from the two
major parties.  I prefer it to not voting at all.
If voters don't vote, then the major parties see them as merely
apathetic.  They don't care how many people don't vote as long at they
win.  If voters do vote, but for a third party, then the major parties
see them as voters who care, but not for them.  Meaning that there's an
issue or issues which they presumably voted for that the major
parties can co-opt in order to try to get their vote the next time.
So, while I agree with you that the system is rigged so that third parties
never get appreciable power, I disagree that voting for one is a waste
of one's vote.

@_date: 2000-10-29 11:24:50
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Ho to KICK OUT Junkbusters users 
References: <200010281619.LAA29112 <200010281619.LAA29112  <4.2.2.20001029103756.055f2340
Other filtering proxies don't mess with the Agent line, or let
you send whatever you want there ("Hi!  I'm running X10 on MVS!").  I don't think that a high percentage of people use filtering proxies.
You could make a rough guess by analyzing your log files to see which
users are reading the content pages and not requesting the ads...
but that's only possible if you're serving the ads yourself.
You'd have to account for people who end the session early, therefore
don't request the ads.
If many sites implement anti-filtering methods, the ad filter writers
will figure out a way to get around it.  I'd do it.  It'd be
pretty easy- simply request the ads but don't send them to the browser.
I suppose that you could then add 1x1 stealth gifs to the ads to see
if the ads are getting to the browser, but then I'd just code the filter
to parse the HTML stream and request those .gifs.... you can't win.
Besides, if the market for web ads is a free market, the number of
people who filter out ads is already factored into the price
that you're getting.  It's probably about $1.25 a month. :-)

@_date: 2000-10-29 14:33:16
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: CDR: digital angel (tracking device) 
Straight from the "if we can do it, we should" dept, comes
the latest in personal tracking devices:
at least in this version.

@_date: 2000-09-06 10:50:11
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: RSA Security releases RSA algoritm into public domain two weeks early. [cpunk] 
References:  <3.0.5.32.20000906093632.009fe370
'BSAFEeay', a BSAFE API layer on top of SSLeay's crypto lib, was
put up on the net about three years ago.  It was mostly complete.
I beleive that RSAREF is the same API as BSAFE.

@_date: 2000-09-22 16:30:59
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: CDR: Re: reputation required for evolution of cooperation in _Science_ 
References: <3.0.6.32.20000922130652.00853180
This also mentioned in the Economist in the last couple weeks.
Their article made the obvious ebay/auction tie.

@_date: 2001-08-04 12:00:34
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Demime & CDRs (was Re: Security Against Compelled Disclosure) 
on Sat, Aug 04, 2001 at 01:30:03AM -0400
References: <20010804010725.C30609
  <20010804013003.B30927
Jim's correct- there is no such "policy" on the overall
cypherpunks list.  It's just one CDR (lne) that's demiming posts.
Here's how demime works related to the lne CDR:
Posts that are received (enter the CDR system) at lne and are forwarded
to the other CDRs are demimed.
Posts originating from another CDR are demimed on the way
to lne CDR subscribers.
Posts originating from another CDR and being forwarded to
another CDR aren't demimed.
The lne CDR welcome message, and the message I posted to cypherpunks
when announcing the lne CDR, simply said:
"Lne.com runs the input to its CDR list through demime
( which deletes MIME attachments
from mail.  Demime leaves a note in the attachments place, so that
recipients know that there was some cruft there."
I'll update the welcome message to reflect the details I posted above.
Demiming posts that originate at lne and go to other CDRs is
an artifact of how I set up the list.  Since lne CDR subscribers
see demimed posts, they're likely to be, um, trained to post
non-MIME, and thus shouldn't be affected much by this setup.
There's no CDR contract.  At least I didn't sign one.  There is
an informal agreement, or a set of same.  I've tried to announce
ahead of time what I'm doing, and to stick with what I've announced,
limited by the time I'm willing to put in to the project.  As
far as I'm concerned that's what's required.
Having one CDR demime posts does unfortunately create a discrepency
between what the lne CDR subscribers see vs. the other CDR subscribers...
but there's already a pretty big discrepancy there, as the lne CDR subscribers
aren't seeing the spam that's posted to cypherpunks.   It doesn't
seem to harm the discussion any.  But Declan (and everyone else) should
remember that not everyone sees the same list they do.
His opinion is important since he's both an active list member and
a lne CDR subscriber. As always I'm open to reasoned non-inflamatory suggestions, especially
from lne CDR subscribers.
BTW, the other day I switched majordomo to delete the Received: lines
in posts to the lne CDR recipients-- posts that go through a number of CDRs
get a lot of Received lines added to them,  and some subscriber's MTAs
were rejecting mail because of too many Received lines.
If this bothers you and you're an lne CDR subscriber let me know
and when I get a chance I'll hack up something to nuke just some
of the Received lines.
I've also found the source of the wrapped Message-Ids and I'll
be fixing it soon.

@_date: 2001-08-06 12:08:57
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Spoliation cites 
11:51:46AM -0400
References: I read him as suggesting that some ambitious prosecutors might possibly
try to extend spoliation to that point, not that they're doing so now.
A bit of Googling finds a good definition of spoliation (in California):
Plaintiff possessed a potential defense to a claim for damages against
a defendant.
Defendant knew or reasonably should have known of this claim for damages
by plaintiff.
Defendant knew or reasonably should have known of the existence of the
physical evidence and knew or reasonably should have known that it might
constitute evidence in pending litigation involving plaintiff.
Defendant knew or reasonably should have known that if he did not act
with reasonable care to preserve the physical evidence, the potential
evidence could be destroyed, damaged, lost or concealed.
Defendant failed to act with reasonable care. Defendant's failure to act with reasonable care caused the destruction
of, damage to, or loss or concealment of such evidence.
As a result, plaintiff sustained damage, namely plaintiff s opportunity
to prove its claim was interfered with substantially.
As BU points out, if "reasonably should have known" can be defined
in court as "you were running a service that allowed drug dealers
and pedophiles to send anonymous email", talking about FIPS 140 etc.
won't help much in front of a jury of Oprah-watching "peers", even
if it's factually and technically correct.
Are things this bad already?  I don't know, but it wouldn't
suprise me.
A murder case in silicon valley recently finished. The jurors
were interviewed by the local paper.  When asked why they convicted
the defendant on circumstantial evidence, the answer was "he felt guilty".

@_date: 2001-08-07 08:57:42
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Advertisements on Web Pages 
on Tue, Aug 07, 2001 at 11:51:57AM -0400
References: <200108070451.f774p8521200
  <20010807115157.A25451
There are also a number of freeware ad filter programs, including
one that I wrote (see When I turn it off (it's not perfect and a few sites
won't work with it on), I'm astounded by the number of ads
that I don't normally see.

@_date: 2001-08-07 11:22:36
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: cypherpunks@cyberpass.net closing 
georgemw on Tue, Aug 07, 2001 at 11:07:14AM -0700
References:   <3B6FCBE2.22614.9066B5
I assume given the context that you meant CDR, not remailer.
I wrote the stuff below to answer someone's request
for a list of CDRs and their policies.  I'd like
to keep it up to date and post it regularly.
Not all fields are filled in and some may be
incorrect.  Could the appropriate CDR ops
send me corrections/updates?
Cypherpunks Distributed Remailers list info.
Last updated: 8/7/01
This message is also available at The Cypherpunks list is a mailing list for discussing cryptography and
its effect on soceity.  It is not a moderated list (but see exceptions
below) and the list operators are not responsible for the list content.
The CDR is a distributed mailing list.  A subscriber can subscribe to one
node of the list and therby participate on the full list.  Each node
exchanges messages with the other nodes, so a message posted to one node
will be received by the list subscribers on the other nodes.
The various CDRs follow different policies on filtering spam and
to a smaller extent on modifying messages that go to/from their subscribers.
Filtering is done, on nodes that do it, to reduce the huge amount of spam
that the cypherpunks list is subjected to.
There are three basic flavors of filtering CDRs: "raw", which send all
messages to their subscribers. "cooked" CDRs try to eliminate the spam
on that's on the regular list by automatically sending only messages
that are from cypherpunks list subscribers (on any CDR) or people who
are replying to list messages.  And finally there are moderated lists,
where a human moderator decides which messages from the raw list to pass
on to subscribers.
Message modification policy indicates what modifications, if any, beyond
what is needed to operate the CDR are done (most CDRs add a tracking X-loop header on mail posted to their subscribers to prevent mail loops).
Message modification usually happens on mail going in or out to each
CDR's subscribers. No CDRs modify mail that they pass from
one CDR to the next.
Privacy policy indicates if the list will allow anyone ("open"), or only
list members, or no one ("private") , to retreive the subscribers list.
Note that if you post, being on a "private" list doesn't mean much,
since your address is now out there.   It's really only useful for
keeping spammers from harvesting addresses.
All commands are sent in the body of mail unless otherwise noted.

@_date: 2001-08-13 09:32:14
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Traceable Infrastructure is as vulnerable as traceable 
10:30:14AM -0400
References: Especially with the press constantly telling them "Linux is hard".
Most people know that MS software is buggy and inecure.
But they think that it is normal to have to reboot
your computer daily and to get infected with worms
through your email.  After all, it's the same for
all their friends and co-workers, how can they
even know to expect anything else?
Almost all the press tells them that MS is the only
way to go and that anything else is wierd and hard
to run.  The unreliability and security holes are
just a burden to be borne...  it's remarkable
how much people can tolerate if it's done
to them gradually.
Still not enough to draw conclusions.

@_date: 2001-08-14 08:11:10
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Affects of the balkanization of mail blacklisting 
from measl on Mon, Aug 13, 2001 at 11:33:36PM -0500
References: <20010814002011.F26242
The best way to do that is to produce a solution that's better than MAPS.
If you strongly beleive in end-user filtering, then make a better
end-user filter.  In fact you can start with mine (see web page)
and make it user-friendly enough that your Mom can use it.
Then it might see significant use.
MAPS might not have been perfect, and ORBS was overly agressive, but
they were actually doing something.  It was simple, just add
a couple lines to your sendmail.cf and much of your spam
would go away.  Great for ISPs with users complaining about spam.
(that's a hint about how your better-than-MAPS system might work).
[stuff deleted]
It's easier to write a rant than it is to write code, but
code is what counts.

@_date: 2001-08-25 10:51:28
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentenced to 10 years in prison 
jya on Sat, Aug 25, 2001 at 12:56:23PM -0700
References: <200108251619.MAA00074
  <200108251704.NAA15342
Too bad no technical people were called upon to explain
how "group reply" works and why many people send copies
to both the original poster and to the list without intending
any direct communication with the poster that they're replying
to.  Of course that would not have served Robb's purposes...
That said, I have set up lne's CDR to not include a Reply-to
field.  I beleive that setting Reply-to[1] on a mailing list is
a Bad Thing since it means that mail that was intended to
be private often accidentally is posted to the list.
Besides the added junk that goes to the list as a result, I
have seen people seriously damage their lives by accidentally
posting very private email to a list when they intended to
mail it to an individual.
OTOH, the cpunks list has, one hopes, more technically
sophisticated readers who would be less likely to make
such a mistake.  And this is one list where there is
an advantage to routing posts through the list.
So, lne CDR subscribers, should I set the Reply-to: in
mail that originates at the lne CDR?  Or should I
set the Reply-to: in mail that goes to lne CDR subscribers?
Or leave it out as I do now?
[1]: Reply-to: is a header field that most mail readers
use to fill in the default address when generating a reply.
So a Reply-to: cypherpunks at lne.com would mean that by default, someone
replying to list mail would send their reply to cypherpunks at lne.com.
If Reply-to: is not set, then the default is what's in the From: line
which in the case of CDR mail is the original poster.  To reply
to the poster and to the list, one then needs to do a "group reply"
which sends the reply to all the addresses in the header, which
usually means the list and the original poster.

@_date: 2001-08-31 17:07:05
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
from measl on Fri, Aug 31, 2001 at 06:45:24PM -0500
References: <20010831111233.A23259
The various CDRs should deal with this-- they keep track of
which Message-IDs they have posted, and don't post messages
that they have already posted.  They do pass those messages
on to the other CDRs that they peer with though, so by posting
two messages you're adding to the number of messages
that get sent on the "backbone"...
I also noticed some duplicate messages, but I haven't had
time to check out why they occured.  If you sent them as two
seperate messages to two different CDRs instead of putting both
CDRs in the To: or Cc: line, that'd cause duplicates.
I don't know how you'd get messages from two nodes unless you're
subscribed to two nodes.

@_date: 2001-12-05 08:29:08
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: ssz switchover test 
from measl on Wed, Dec 05, 2001 at 06:44:54AM -0600
References: Mail to ssz has been backed up at lne since midnight tuesday.
The list of CDRs is at:

@_date: 2001-12-05 08:36:33
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Fwd: Reputation capital 
tcmay on Wed, Dec 05, 2001 at 08:07:47AM -0800
References: <392A28D4-E99A-11D5-80CD-0050E439C473
The problems lne was having have been fixed.  My MX host had an extra '.'
in their MailerHosts table, so mail to anything at lne.com that got MXd
to them was being rejected with 'User unknown'.

@_date: 2001-12-07 09:58:36
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: A note to virus authors 
will.morton on Fri, Dec 07, 2001 at 02:09:31PM +0000
References: <3C0EA02D.C8D3F708
  <1007734171.9524.23.camel
One of the recent worms did exactly this.  I can't remember which one,
but it also set the From_ line to _victim at host.com, i.e.  it added a
leading '_' character.  I'm still getting them (but on linux
they don't do anything).
This is the same worm that installed a keyboard sniffer.  The
log was emailed to an account somewhere and of course that account
was quickly shut down.
The worm author should have encrypted the logs and posted
them to alt.anonymous.messages or some other newsfroup instead.
That would have been truly dangerous, especially if the worm
was stealthy.
It's properly called the Email Worm Author's Toolkit.

@_date: 2001-12-13 14:09:38
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: [jei@cc.hut.fi: FBI Surveillance Software to be Part of Windows 
This should have gone directly to the cypherpunks list.
----- Forwarded message from Jei  -----

@_date: 2001-12-18 07:53:37
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: MY APPOLOGIES TO ALL CYPHERPUNKS - WAS Re: Returned mail: 
-0500
References: <200112181341.IAA32527
Actually, I only got the originals.  It looks like the mail kept going
through the CDR nodes because one of them was re-sending it.
Its hard to tell from the headers, but I think it's minder.net.
If your autobounce was just feeding back the message that you receive
with no changes (error headers, etc) to minder then you might have been
the cause.  Otherwise, there's some other problem.
(if you didn't see it because you're subscribed to a filtering CDR
that filtered them, it was about 400 copies of spam).
Either way, you shouldnt set up an autobounce that can reply to a list.
Please fix it so it won't do that.

@_date: 2001-12-28 15:16:53
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: cell phone guns 
22 caliber four-shot pistol hidden inside a cell phone, uncovered
during police raids in Europe.
"Cell phone users will have to be made aware that reaching for their
phones in some circumstances could be misinterpreted as a threat by

@_date: 2001-02-03 16:33:35
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Coderpunks 
References: <00e301c08b2d$b90781c0$a25ac818 coderpunks at toad.com

@_date: 2001-02-11 10:28:10
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Odd Addresses 
References: <200102111756.MAA10145
an http:whatever is probably from the Referrer line.  It's not
meaningful as a name of the machine that's accessing a page.
That would be a machine name or IP address.
Here's a line from an actual log file:
213-99-180-52.uc.nombres.ttd.es - - [11/Feb/2001:18:07:28 +0000] "GET / HTTP/1.1" 200 2146 " "Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 5.0; Windows 98; DigExt)"
The first field 213-99-180-52.uc.nombres.ttd.es
is the address of the machine that sent the request.
The first field in quotes, starting with GET, is the HTTP request that
213-99-180-52.uc.nombres.ttd.es sent.  The next two fields (200 2146)
is the code that the web server returned, and the size of the data returned.
The next part in quotes ( is the Referrer field,
which is what 213-99-180-52.uc.nombres.ttd.es sent as the last site
that they'd visited, i.e. the one that linked to us.
There's nothing that says that the Referrer tag has to be correct, or even
present. (well, the HTTP spec probably says that it should be correct, but
there's no way to enforce that).
There's probably a bug in the copy of Analog that your ISP is using.
A look at the log file would tell.
Another cause could be someone sending ASCII control characters in
HTTP fields, which confuse Analog but which are translated into something
else when you retreive the log files.  Most likely software bugs.

@_date: 2001-02-11 13:23:16
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Formal apology  (RE: Crypto McCarthyism ...thoughts, gentlemen?) 
References: <20010210121624.B26143  <5.0.2.1.0.20010210232213.02481090
Any paper that seriously quotes the Rimm "study" and R.U. Siris is suspect.
OTOH, there certainly has been another attempt by government
to villify crypto users with the recent spate of articles on Osama
bin Oceania and other terrorists supposed use of crypto and stego.
The Red scare of the 50s was also to a large extent promoted and fanned
into flame by elements of the government.  While there isn't a "moral
boundary crisis" amongst the general public about crypto, there is an
attempt at "vilification" and "patterned labelling" of crypto users by
the government.  And many cypherpunks have predicted the government causing
events similar to "crystallization of the crisis through a dramatic act"
and "appropriation of the appropriate social apparatus and suppression
of critique" of crypto users by the government.
(However, few of those beleive that "and finally restoration of a normal
situation" would then occur.)
The paper doesn't mention the political aspects of either of its
examples (another of it's flaws).  If you can think of "mass hate"
as a politically-motivated inflaming of the masses fears, then
the steps that it describes are remarkably similar to the expected
political response to crypto-anarchy.

@_date: 2001-02-13 15:26:42
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Odd Addresses 
References: <200102111756.MAA10145
Interesting- the message below just showed up on bugtraq:

@_date: 2001-02-17 14:23:46
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: It's 2001, so it must be time for A Modest Filtering Proposal 
References:  I have been meaning to do this for a while.
I need some help from the existing CDR node operators though so
that my node can get the subscriber lists from theirs- a number of
CDR nodes don't have open who commands.
Could y'all contact me off-list?
I'll post to the entire list once I get it running.
I'll probably also add my spam-recognition stuff, which sticks
a rating of the likelyhood of the contents being spam in the headers.
(i.e. X-spam: 100).  It doesn't drop the mail, just rate it.
What recipients do with the information will of course be
up to them.
SSZ's CDR web page (einstein.ssz.com/cdr/index.html says:
<The idea was to have multiple remailers, usualy using majordomo and
<procmail, that members could subscribe to and individual remailer
<operators could impose just about whatever type of moderation policy
<they desired.
which is what I'm doing here.

@_date: 2001-02-22 08:54:09
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: FAQ? how to set up a cross-platform encrypted mailing list/forum 
References: <3A92995A.45E60148 <3433926447.982686469
What's your threat model?  It's significantly more difficult for an
attacker to capture packets on the wire than is is for them to capture
them on the sending server, an interim mail server or on the client.
But doing a web based secure-server would require that the mail be in
the clear on the server (well, you could encrypt it, but you'd have to
automatically decrypt it to display it to each client, so you'd have
to have the key somewhere where the OS can read it at any time... which
makes it effectively in the clear).   So an attacker could get the
entire list's worth of traffic from the server.
Requiring incoming mail to be encrypted to the server, then
decrypting it and re-encrypting to each recipient (as Joseph Ashwood)
suggested) would mean that there are potentially only a few messages
in the clear on the server at any one time.  To get a significant
portion of the list's traffic, an attacker would have to
subvert the server in some way such that it gets plaintext copies
of the messages for a period of time.  It'd be easier for the attacker
to simply subscribe to the list...
which leads me to my next point- how will you prevent attackers from
subscribing to the list?  Even with a perfect encrypted mailing list,
the attacker can simply subscribe.  One list that I have been on prevents
attackers from subscribing by having current members vouch for a potential
new member, preferably after having met them in real life.  However,
it'd be easy for someone with the time and inclination to impersonate
an on-line persona during a real-space meeting.  (for instance, in a
lot of places I could pass myself off as Tim May, famous cypherpunk.
Someone less public would be much easier.  For that matter, if you met
me, how would you know that I'm really Eric Murray?).  It's enough
for this one list, but the attackers have only limited time and
resources to put into their attack.
So if your threat model includes spys who would put effort into
subscribing to the list to spy on it's activities, then there's not much
use to encrypting the traffic-- it'll be read by the enemy anyhow.

@_date: 2001-02-22 10:13:34
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Filtering CDR open 
I've set up a new CDR that filters posts to it's subscribers- only posts
from subscribers to other CDRs or known remailers (or subscriber's alternate
addresses) will go to lne.com CDR subscribers.
Here's the list welcome message, which explains how it works in more
detail.  We're not connected to all the CDRs yet but as far as I can tell
we're not missing any posts.

@_date: 2001-01-09 17:38:01
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Bell Case Subpoena 
References: <200101082217.RAA29708 <200101082217.RAA29708 <01010817350909.03765 <3.0.5.32.20010109123311.009d3c60 <20010109165541.C6844
I'm not a lawyer, but my guess is that, unless there is a very compelling
argument from expert witness which "proves" to the judge or jury that
the emails in a particular case are forged, emails would be accepted in
pretty much any (US) court.  I beleive that's how written evidence is
treated now, even though handwriting and signatures can be forged.  If a
handwriting expert is brought in and "proves" that there's a forgery, the
evidence is thrown out or the judge or jury disregard it as appropriate.
In this regard, security experts will be the handwriting experts of
the future.
(Greg, have there been any cases where email evidence has been shown
in a court to be forged?  Has this even been attempted, other than
Bell's case?)

@_date: 2001-01-10 09:55:12
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: crypto implementation for small footprint devices 
References: <953A023D1ACA2F45A31A6F9B7B2A992502E8A1F1 <20010110075913.A16618
Unfortunately anything that uses X.509 (like SSL) will require it.
It's possible to write small X.509/ASN.1 decoding packages.  One that I
wrote for a small-device SSL package takes about 11k code (gcc on Intel
PIII) and it's not very optimized- there's lots of room to squeeze it
down farther than the original application required.
Encoding ASN.1 really eats space though, because of the nested nature
of complex ASN.1... unless you do some tricks like I did in US patent
6,111,660.   Using this trick, we were able to encode SET messages
(really ugly ASN.1) using only 4 bytes more than the size of the final
message.  So we could comfortably run client-side SET in less than 24k
of RAM.

@_date: 2001-07-16 16:46:20
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: What NAI is telling people 
aimee.farr on Mon, Jul 16, 2001 at 06:41:22PM -0500
References: <200107162126.RAA19455
It's a mis-interpretation of the US export laws.   It's common for
people to think that they limit sending (or receiving in this case)
encrypted data in addition to encryption devices and info.

@_date: 2001-07-26 09:26:48
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Is minder.net really screwed up? 
11:47:03AM -0400
References: The CDRs are busy passing LOTS of copies of Sircam between themselves.
It got so bad that I had to limit the size of incoming mail to lne.
I'm also having problems getting CDR mail into minder.net.  I expect
that they're swamped.

@_date: 2001-07-27 09:34:23
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: CDR-admin stuff 
I've been seeing some duplicate messages from some of the CDRs.
I suspect that the massive increase in traffic has caused
one or more CDRs to overflow their procmail msgid cache.
I have been using formail -D 12800 msgid.cache
(cache size = 1280).    Should we raise that?

@_date: 2001-07-27 16:26:59
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Criminalizing crypto criticism 
References: <200107252313.f6PNDTc00814 <5.1.0.14.0.20010726220131.04f17e30 <20010727015656.A22910 Like an Adobe product- PDF uses RC4 for it's "password protection".

@_date: 2001-06-14 07:46:44
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Fixing ORBS, and spam-proofing open relays. 
10:28:55AM -0400
References: ORBS couldn't do this with any granularity
because of the way it was implemented- you did
a DNS lookup on the IP address to see if it was in the
ORBS database.  There was no meta-info available.
They (MAPS) did have three different databases-
one for open relays (ORBS), one listing addresses that
are within an ISP's range of dialups (and which should
have been using the ISP's mail servers to relay, not
sending directly), and one other database that I can't
remember at the moment (was it known spammers?).
Using DNS for database lookups had some technical
advantages- it's low bandwidth and caching was already built in
to DNS.  So for example a site like mine which has
limited bandwidth (I live out in the woods) and does
a lot of email could still do the various MAPS lookups
without significantly increasing the traffic load.
But that's not to say that a newer reputation system
couldn't be designed and written to meet the same
goals and include more info about why a site is
on the list.
However I think that the main problems with
such a reputation system aren't technical, they're legal.
At least in the U.S., such a system would be the
subject of extreme legal harassment by spammers and
their ilk, just as MAPS was.
The benefit to the spammer of sending spam through a relay is
that the spammer can multiply his bandwidth-- the spam will
include many To: addresses in the envelope, so the relay has
to do the work of sending out all the mail, not the spammer's
machine.  There may be hundreds of To: adresses in the envelope
for each mail that the spammer sends to the relay.
So this solution wouldn't work- it'll slow the spammer
down only a little.  You could restrict the number of
 To: addresses in the envelope, but that might also keep
you from sending mail to an "all" alias at a company.
I'd like to hear some of them.  I've been having a hard time
coming up with ways to differentiate spam based on the header
info.  I've had more luck identifying spam based on the content.

@_date: 2001-06-22 16:11:35
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: The Art of Submarine Warfare 
George on Fri, Jun 22, 2001 at 06:08:49PM -0400
References: <200106222208.SAA22807
There's no cpunks mail in the queue at lne.
If you're still subscribed (there's no
"George at Orwellian.Org" in the subscriber list but
I assume that's not the address you receive
mail at) then it went out to wherever you are or
to a site that MXd for you.

@_date: 2001-06-22 17:26:57
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: The Art of Submarine Warfare 
References: <200106222343.TAA17806
We don't feed cyberpass directly.  I don't remember if
there was a problem feeding it or if I just didn't turn it on.
I've turned it on now.
One drawback of the decentralized kludged-up CDR system
is that it's difficult to trace problems.
All I can tell is that all the cpunks mail left here in the usual time.
What happened on the other nodes I can't say.  Maybe
the operator of the cyberpass node can?

@_date: 2001-03-01 10:10:34
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: NIEGPINI.EXE infected with Win-CIH virus! 
from juicy on Thu, Mar 01, 2001 at 05:38:02AM
  -0800
References: <200102191144.DAA01216
  <22f8f1c8cf0313d24b6a6200d7dced3f
SSZ's being an open relay doesn't have anything to do with people sending
virii through it.  All CDRs, except the one at lne.com, accept and re-post
mail from anyone, on the cypherpunks list or not.   That's not an open
relay, which is a mailer that allows third-party mail- i.e. joe spammer @
aol sends mail to ssz which then forwards it to the spammer's targets.
That said, even if all the CDRs only accepted posts from subscribers
("closed" list), the list would be subject to virii-- Exchange seems to
be the email virus writer's target of choice (opportunity?) these days,
and too many people use Exchange, probably because their corporate IT
depts force them to.
What makes you think that the virus was specifically an attack on the CDR?

@_date: 2001-03-03 08:20:11
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Filtering CDR open 
Sat, Mar 03, 2001 at 01:15:25AM -0500
References: <20010222101333.J2277
  <20010303011525.C3451
You're not the only one who does that.
Since the goal is to block spam, not to prevent all non-subscribed
posters from posting, I put that in place before I announced the list.
Bounces (from not being on the posters list) go to me.   If it looks
like it's not spam, I have a script which strips off the outer envelope
and forwards the mail to the list, adding the contents of the From:
line to a list of addresses that's sorted into the major posters list.
So far I've added 39 addresses that way, 5 of which appear to be remailers.
Of the rest, roughly half are people who're cross-posting from other lists
like coderpunks or cryptography (or both), and the rest are
people who're posting from alternate addresses. There's 2-3 spam emails for every list email.   Previously I'd been
filtering most of the spam.  I had no idea it'd gotten this bad.

@_date: 2001-03-08 08:23:10
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: MAIL (SPAM) FILTERING ON CYPHERPUNKS 
sstein on Wed, Mar 07, 2001 at 11:42:26PM -0000
References: <014001c0a760$448379e0$e0d22486
Filtering the From: line won't work- the list keeps getting added
to new "macketing lists" and web sites.
Filtering cypherpunks mail that originates at toad.com gets a lot of
the spam.  But, after that was identified as a way to avoid the
spam, the other CDRs started getting added to the spam lists.  Hmm.
So filtering it out only does so much; and there are still
non-spam posts that are sent through toad.
I've set up a CDR which filters out posts from non-subscribers
to any CDR.  Posts from non-subscribers (like you) are forwarded
to the list if they're not spam.
% echo "info cypherpunks" | mail majordomo at lne.com
You're fortunate!
A third option is to run a program that recognizes spam
contents.  I've written one:

@_date: 2001-03-14 15:09:11
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Mr. Choate, an important message  from Justice Scalia.... 
; from ravage on Wed, Mar 14, 2001 at 05:17:27PM
  -0600
References: The mail server of a subscriber to the lne CDR has been rejecting
this thread:
   ----- Transcript of session follows -----
... while talking to mailhost.itg.ti.com.:
<<< 553 Message rejected due to possible virus infection
554 5.0.0 ... Service unavailable
It hasn't rejected anything from cypherpunks in the past.
The only content common to the three emails that it's rejected
is included above.  I wonder which word/phrase
in there it thinks are the virus?

@_date: 2001-03-28 08:32:59
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Zone On the Range 
References: <3AC1766E.7117DD59 <20010328025134.A9336
Asking Jim to make his posts "meaningful" doesn't do anything other
than annoy Jim and add to the clutter on the list.  If readers do
not find Jim's posts worth reading, then they should not waste their
time reading them.
Below is a procmail script fragment to filter out Jim's cypherpunks posts
into a seperate folder without affecting any other mail he might send to
the recipient.  If you wanted you could get fancier and also filter on
"slashdot" in the mail body.
# mailing lists:
* ^From.*owner-cypherpunks at .*

@_date: 2001-03-29 12:59:07
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: did cryptome.org lose it's name? 
It looks like cryptome.org's lost it's name:
% ericm(pts/1)# whois crytpome.org
Whois Server Version 1.3
No match for "CRYTPOME.ORG".
The Registry database contains ONLY .COM, .NET, .ORG, .EDU domains and
% ericm (pts/1)# dig crytpome.org any
; <<>> DiG 8.3 <<>> crytpome.org any ;; res options: init recurs defnam dnsrch
;; got answer:
;; ->>HEADER<<- opcode: QUERY, status: NXDOMAIN, id: 4
;; flags: qr rd ra; QUERY: 1, ANSWER: 0, AUTHORITY: 1, ADDITIONAL: 0
;; QUERY SECTION:
;;      crytpome.org, type = ANY, class = IN
;; AUTHORITY SECTION:
org.                    2h55m7s IN SOA  A.GTLD-SERVERS.NET. hostmaster.nsiregistry.NET. (
                                        2001032801      ; serial
                                        30M             ; refresh
                                        15M             ; retry
                                        1W              ; expiry
                                        1D )            ; minimum
;; Total query time: 5203 msec
;; FROM: slack to SERVER: default -- 127.0.0.1
;; WHEN: Thu Mar 29 12:56:28 2001
;; MSG SIZE  sent: 30  rcvd: 107
Coincidence or conspiracy?
 still works though.

@_date: 2001-03-29 13:19:39
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: did cryptome.org lose it's name? 
Never mind, I cut-and-pasted John's typo.
Cryptome.org is fine.  Crytpome.org will shortly be
a link to a porn site to capitalize on the flood of
hits from careless users.

@_date: 2001-11-02 09:46:50
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Is list up? 
k.brown on Fri, Nov 02, 2001 at 04:12:55PM +0000
References: <604E0048-CE37-11D5-8FCC-0050E439C473
  <3BE2C607.599BF394
Network feed problem for lne.
My network provider has some flaky gear, but they don't
resrict what packets I send and when I call up
their tech support I get someone who's got a clue.
BTW now that winter is coming on, lne will get a little flakier-- we're
in a rural area and sometimes have power outages when trees fall on the
power lines.  I've got a generator but it takes some time to set up and
I don't like to run it at night.  For short outages I don't bother to
set it up, and when there is a long outage I'll run the generator during
the day only.
So what I'm saying here is don't worry if there's nothing from
the list for a few hours.
BTW, if you want to do a test, try sending an info request to majordomo@
the site you're testing.  That way you don't have to post to the whole
list.  Also, I leave the ICMP port to mail.lne.com open so you can try
pinging it to see if we're connected.

@_date: 2001-11-09 14:31:54
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Security-by-credential or security-by-inspection 
from gbroiles on Fri, Nov 09, 2001 at 01:12:59PM -0800
References:   <5.1.0.14.2.20011109123407.046523c0
[a lot of well-written stuff on ID cards etc. deleted.
If you didn't read it, go back and dig it up]
ID cards are another feel-good measure, nothing more.  As you correctly
point out, they won't add any real security against terrorism unless
taken to very impractical lengths.  But the people think they will help,
just like the poorly-trained national guard troops in airports.
Worse, the people have been sold the ideas that increased
security means giving up freedoms and therefore anything
that reduces freedom must be increasing security.

@_date: 2001-11-13 09:09:18
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Rating System 
nobody on Tue, Nov 13, 2001 at 09:40:26AM +0100
References: <908829314e42266afb7f48d6007b0b6c
Go for it-- set up your own CDR with the rating system implemented.
 tells you how to set up a CDR
and if you have any questions you can ask me or Jim.
The only way to make it happen is to actually implement it yourself.

@_date: 2001-11-14 17:43:58
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: The killing of Bill Cooper and Liquid Metal Embrittlement 
jya on Wed, Nov 14, 2001 at 05:49:34PM -0800
References: On modern cars and aircraft the skin is a structural part.  There was
a post WWII DeHaviland (the Comet I beleive) that kept coming apart in
the air... some of the windows had too-sharp corners that concentrated
stress from pressurization and caused cracks in the skin, eventually
resulting in sudden failure.  Once aluminum gets a crack it
goes pretty fast.
OTOH, LME requires the metals to be liquid or close to it.  Even tin
has a melting point around 500 degrees F, and it's a pretty
low melting point metal.
Engine mounting parts might get that hot, but not the exterior surface.
There's probably other methods of causing quick corrosion of
failure besides LME... what I googled about it makes me not worry
about it as something sprayed on the exterior of aircraft to
cause sabotage.

@_date: 2001-11-26 17:43:30
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Sixpack Encryption Email client 
georgemw on Mon, Nov 26, 2001 at 05:12:38PM -0800
References:   <3C027806.19207.BAB693
you meant uploads your public key to some central server.
I think that the Joe Sixpacks who would care enough to install
"secure" email would like to have some sort of feedback
that it's working, i.e. they need to unlock the private key with
a password.  Of course they'll choose a lame one, but that's
besides the point.
There's two sub-species of Sixpack-- the one I describe, and
those who don't know and don't care about secure email, which
is who you're talking about.
It's the the "early adopter" Sixpacks I'm thinking of.  Once you get
enough of them, then the someone will declare it an industry standard
and all the Sixpacks will get it, whether they know it or not.
I wrote something like what you're describing long ago, for a large
workstation maker.
Only this was a hack on sendmail to automagically encrypt/decrypt
mail between offices in foreign countries whose security services
were known to snoop on technology companies.  How about an add-on to MSIE or Netscape?  Either one has a pile
of crypto junk to call on.  Making it work with S/MIME might
be an easy way to do it.

@_date: 2001-11-27 09:24:48
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: cypherpunks@toad.com is going away 
References: <200111271004.CAA08212
Cryptography is a moderated list that is fairly tightly focused
on cryptography.  It's a good list.
However if you are interested in the political and soceital
implications of cryptography (also traditional cypherpunks topics)
then cryptography is not the right list.
The cypherpunks list has moved to a distributed list run from
a number of sites.  Each site has a different policy-- some
are wide open like cypherpunks-unedited at toad, some moderated, and
some are unmoderated but filter out spam.
The web page  explains the Cypherpunks
distributed mailing list in more detail and lists each node
their policies and subscription info.

@_date: 2001-11-27 09:34:48
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: [gnu@toad.com: cypherpunks@toad.com is going away] 
It's the end of an era.
----- Forwarded message from John Gilmore  -----

@_date: 2001-11-28 12:16:37
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: WTF is going on ?? 
secret_squirrel on Wed, Nov 28, 2001 at 07:14:39PM -0000
References: <20011128191439.12746.qmail
I haven't seen this before:  I rebooted after a power outage, and
apparently sendmail was rejecting everything to lne.com with a "User
unknown" error.  I restarted sendmail and named this morning when I
realized what was going on, and now it's fine.

@_date: 2001-11-29 17:30:20
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: fuel injected firearm 
keyser-soze on Thu, Nov 29, 2001 at 04:32:51PM -0800
References: <200111300032.fAU0Wpw79238
You can buy one at Home Depot!
It's called a cordless nailer.  Powered by "fuel cells"
which are probably propane.  The Porter-Cable "Bammer" is
one model.

@_date: 2001-10-01 11:05:27
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: America needs therapy 
hseaver on Mon, Oct 01, 2001 at 09:55:34AM -0500
References: <5.1.0.14.0.20010930154543.039883b8
  <20011001101300.B9594
  <3BB883D8.D3D95072
The study says  $5.60 to $15.14, not $10-15.
A quick glance find some glaring errors-- -it completely ignores taxes paid by the oil industry.
-under Environmental Health and social costs they count:
"noise pollution ($6 to $12 billion), and improper disposal of batteries,
tires, engine fluids, and junked cars ($4.4 billion) also add to the
environmental consequences wrought by automobiles."
It's quite a stretch to claim those as costs of oil.  We'd have
significant costs for those kind of items even if we all used electric cars
or even horse and buggy.  Although I suppose that unlike
a car's engine, when your horse fails, you can eat it.

@_date: 2001-10-03 14:48:49
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: CDR Anonymizer (fwd) 
kmself on Wed, Oct 03, 2001 at 02:35:25PM -0700
References: <200110032118.QAA20350
  <20011003143524.T9292
I use:
* ^From.*owner-cypherpunks at .*
which works on all the nodes I've been subscribed to over the last
couple years.

@_date: 2001-10-15 10:24:28
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: RIAA wants to be able to hack "online pirates" 
RIAA thinks that it's legal for them to hack people
to disable "copyright pirates", but worries that the anti-hacking
provisions in the "USA" act would make it illegal.

@_date: 2001-10-22 10:28:14
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
tcmay on Mon, Oct 22, 2001 at 08:44:09AM -0700
References:  Same here.
The union management quickly becomes yet another set of bosses.
You'd have to be an idiot to voluntarily request that you have
TWO sets of bosses instead of one.
Bert Hopwoods "Whatever Happened to the British Motorcycle Industry"
documents a great example of the idiocy of unions.  The British ruled
the motorcycle industry in the 50s and 60s, but all British bike makers
went bust by 1977.
While he attributes most of the blame to management (which he was part
of), the unions come in for their share, mostly for the stupid strikes
that killed off Triumph/BSA in the mid 70s...  "hey, sales are down
and there's a world-wide recession, so let's go on strike to preserve
our jobs!".  Idiots.

@_date: 2001-10-22 12:24:44
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Retribution Time 
from sandfort on Sat, Oct 20, 2001 at 09:15:37AM -0700
References: <004801c15978$55678600$03d36b3f
Then filter them out and send them a forged bounce message at the same time.
That way you let them know that you think that they're an idiot
yet you don't have to read their mail to do so.
I used to do that before I decided that it was ruder than
I wanted to be.  Procmail will do it.
A real solution allows each person to decide for themselves
what information they wish to consume.  That doesn't mean
that the collective list membership determines what is "interesting", or
that an individual or group of individuals determines it for
the group.  Only individuals can determine that for themselves.
For example, some subscribers may be doing a study on net.loons
(or might simply find them interesting) and be using the list to
collect their, uh, works.  If all other list members find net.loons
to be  waste of time and wish that their posts were dropped, does
that make our net.loon fan's preferences invalid?
What's needed is tools to make it easier for individuals to find
the information they want and skip the rest.
I don't see all that much of a freak show.
Oh yea, I'm just burying my head in the sand by filtering them out..

@_date: 2001-10-24 10:24:25
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: lne down? 
on Wed, Oct 24, 2001 at 01:17:54PM -0400
References:   <3BD6D262.F37AD056
  <20011024131754.A16681
We had a sendmail config error, and our network feed had a problem
with some hardware.

@_date: 2001-09-01 17:25:36
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
georgemw on Fri, Aug 31, 2001 at 07:25:27PM -0700
References: ;
  <20010831170705.A15046
  <3B8FE4A7.20004.CBABBDB
Just about anything is possible.
Message-ID is generated by the originating MTA (that's the ISP's
sendmail or whatever program they're using to send mail).
It's supposed to be unique-- it's often something like
200109012124.f81LObL18955 at slack.lne.com
where there's a date component (200109012124) and the sending
machine's name, so that it's unique in a global namespace.
Of course there's nothing keeping someone from sending
mail with whatever message-id they want, assuming that they
can control their sending MTA.
The reason that it's used for identifying already posted messages
is that procmail, which the CDR system is based on, has a nice
built-in hook for keeping a message-id database and identifying

@_date: 2001-09-04 10:21:33
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Moral Crypto 
on Tue, Sep 04, 2001 at 12:38:52PM -0400
References: <3B92258B.22440.158837BA
  <200109021938.f82JcQf23312
  <20010904123852.A12545
I don't think that there is enough remailer traffic or remailers
to require the feds to go throught the work of getting a law passed
and setting up a licensing program.  It's be nice if there was!
It's more likely that remailers will get closed outright.
There will probably be an ISP or email licensing program put into
place, with the same "code of conduct" and/or mandatory logging
that you think will be forced on remailers being forced on
all email servers.  Remailers would be found in violation of the order
and shut down.
Another way to kill remailers would be through anti-spam legislation
that forbids "forging" email headers.  We're already seeing some of
Or, the feds will just set up a 'sting' on the remailer system by sending
kiddie porn or bomb-making info through the remailer net and then busting
each exit point in turn.  It doesn't even need to be with charges which
would stick in court, as almost anyone will fold when thrown in jail
for a while and/or faced with huge legal bills.
My guess is that the first or second is most likely.  It won't even be
targeted at remailers, just at regular email.  Killing remailers will be a by-product of regulating the net.

@_date: 2001-09-04 10:28:59
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Gnutella remailers 
on Tue, Sep 04, 2001 at 01:21:16PM -0400
References: <65a9be17a1236f6260aa16a77ae46faa
  <5.1.0.14.0.20010903223344.031f7730
  <20010904132116.C14093
One could instead bounce the traffic through the same mail servers
that spammers use.  Judging from the spam I get, most of those
are poorly-admined sites thast don't know that they're being
used to forward spam. Of course this isn't very moral.

@_date: 2001-09-05 17:08:03
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Melon traffickers --> Soul traffickers 
declan on Wed, Sep 05, 2001 at 05:26:43PM -0400
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010904191520.02172770
  <200109050020.f850KUf01686
  <5.0.2.1.0.20010905170840.02039d70
This was discussed long ago on cypherpunks, in fact the cyphernomicon says:
    8.9.7. Possible legal steps to limit the use of remailers and
            anonymous systems
           - hold the remailer liable for content, i.e., no common
              carrier status
           - insert provisions into the various "anti-hacking" laws to
              criminalize anonymous posts
(all of 8.9 is worth re-reading for this discussion).
Tim, do you really mean to say that you now think that a remailer
is a publisher, not a common carrier?  Maybe I lost track in all
the devil's advocate indirection...
I think that being a publisher, while it gives many rights, is not nearly
as good as being a common carrier.  My understanding of "common carrrier"
in this context is that the common carrier is not held responsible
at all for the traffic that it carries.  It  can lose its common
carrier status by editing-- then it's acting like a publisher, and
is responsible for the material that it edits and publishes...
"Prodigy was found liable for defamation as a publisher of a defamatory
statement that had been posted on its bulletin board by an unknown
user. The basis of Prodigy's liability was that it was using software
to monitor and delete "offensive" messages and those in "bad taste." "
(follow the links inthat article to find that teh CDA gives some
safe harbor for "provider or user of an interactive computer
service" for editing content to get rid of obscene, etc. material.)
I'm not up on the current state of this.
Is it no longer possible to consider a remailer (or an ISP or
BBS) a common carrier and thus "publisher" is the best to hope for?
Or is it that "publisher", while carrying fewer rights, is much
less likely to be held invalid?

@_date: 2001-09-12 12:49:20
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: "Alejandro transports" 
Someone pointed me to some Usenet posts containing "encrypted gibberish".
Doing a deja search on the words "Alejandro transports" from this
post shows that there's thousands of these posted to all kinds of
Usenet newsgroups.  It looks like some sort of stego text system.
Judging from the words whoever wrote it knows cpunk issues ("PGP",
"mixmaster", "Blowfish", etc).
I think I have seen examples of this before, but I can't remember
where.  Does anyone know who or what generates it?
Here's an example:
Newsgroups: news.admin.net-abuse.email
Lines: 26
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.27.19.53
X-Complaints-To: abuse at rr.com
X-Trace: typhoon.austin.rr.com 997347134 24.27.19.53 (Thu, 09 Aug 2001 03:52:14 CDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 09 Aug 2001 03:52:14 CDT
Who will you insulate the solid bizarre tablets before Grover does?  Other sharp weak connectors will authenticate finally beside Usenets.  Don't even try to cause the firewalls familiarly, create them stupidly.  It spools, you disconnect, yet Rose never monthly types for the quiche.  What did Lydia produce the package throughout the tall network?  Better get discs now or Samuel will strangely flow them for you.  My violent condor won't disrupt before I question it.  Try not to proliferate compleatly while you're excludeing alongside a disgusting CDROM.  Will you take against the node, if Ken superbly gives the newbie?  Who did Toni moan around all the engineers?  We can't stop printers unless Dolf will incredibly corrupt afterwards.  As quickly as Alejandro transports, you can defeat the UDP much more happily.  Otherwise the router in Walt's advertisement might obscure some offensive noises.  Well, Jimmie never bursts until Edward inflates the weird ROM freely.  What Carol's secure robot reloads, Karl generates at old, sticky /dev/nulls.  Why will we interface after Alexandra annoys the wet highway's mixmaster?  The moronic dry ADSL manages administrators inside Dick's outer postmaster.  Go recycle a Pascal!  Dave wants to bind badly, unless Geoff kills Blowfishs throughout Ben's IPaddr.  Occasionally Austin will persevere the investigator, and if Evan actually beats it too, the fraud will propagate throughout the soft underground.

@_date: 2001-09-12 13:11:40
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Arabic version of MS Flight Sim? 
Wed, Sep 12, 2001 at 01:04:18PM -0700
References: <3B9FBFC2.80746EA3
 .....
the owners of the Empire State building wanted to
regain the "tallest building in New York" title.

@_date: 2001-09-12 13:15:33
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: The COunterterrorist Myth 
The Atlantic (july/aug 2001) has an article by
a former CIA guy explaining why US intel. can't do
much about bin Laden.... "Operations
that include diarrhea as a way of life don't happen."
also an older article on bin Laden's history with the CIA:
and a 1998 interview:

@_date: 2001-09-12 17:13:00
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: FBI going to Internet for clues 
"The FBI is serving search warrants to
major Internet service providers in order
to get information about an e-mail
address believed to be connected to
Tuesday's terrorist attacks. "They said they're going to all the ISPs,"
the executive said.

@_date: 2001-09-18 11:03:47
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: crypto law survey questions 
Lots of media are running survey questions asking if
the US should ban strong cryptography.
Here is a more honest survey:
1. Are you willing to ban strong cryptography so the FBI, CIA, NSA etc.
can listen in on potential terrorists, and jail Americans that use
strong cryptography?
2. The browser that you're using to read this survey uses strong
cryptography.  If you answered "yes" to  are you ready to go to jail now?
3. Ok, you didn't know that your browser uses cryptography and
you're not a terrorist.  We won't report you.  Are you willing to arrest
little old ladies who didn't know that their browser uses crypto?
4. Are you willing to allow hackers to steal your credit card number
or medical information or email accounts because they're no longer
protected by strong cryptography?
5. How about your banking info?  Are you willing to deal with periodically
straightening out your bank accounts when hackers break into them because
they're no longer protected by strong cryptography?
6. Even if the US banned all strong crypto tommorrow, there would still
be many strong crypto programs out in the world, and all the knowledge
is readily available (printed in books no less).  Would you be willing
to allow governments and hackers to read all your communications and
personal data, while in the rest of the world they cannot?
7. Terrorists or those associated with them sometimes attack web sites
and networks.  Are you willing to tolerate more of these sorts of attacks
against U.S. digital infrastructure because it's no longer protected
with strong cryptography?
8. Criminals, by definition, do not follow laws.  Do you think that
all criminals are dumb enough to switch back to weak crypto to plan
their crimes?
9. Terrorists do not always communicate digitally.  In fact there are
rumors that Osama bin Laden communicates with his associates either by
sending verbal messages with trusted couriers from families that he knows,
or for longer distances, using paper messages sent via services like FedEx.
Do you think that banning strong crypto in America will slow bin Laden
down at all?

@_date: 2001-09-24 12:32:50
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: CDR Anonymizer <cpunks_anon@einstein.ssz.com> ? 
cpunks_anon on Sat, Sep 22, 2001 at 08:32:46PM -0700
References: <200109230357.WAA00418
I think so.  There were a couple spams to the regular cpunks list
at the same time containing the same content.
It's not the first spam I've seen to cpunks_anon at einstein.ssz.com.
Hey Jim, could you at least not make it a mailto: so it's not
quite so easy to harvest?  (note, I'm assuming
that it's a mailto, I can't get to ssz.com to check).

@_date: 2001-09-25 14:43:23
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Signed, anonymous...(was Re: Getting Bush...) 
kmself on Tue, Sep 25, 2001 at 01:41:24PM -0700
References: <20010925121713.O14046
  <20010925134124.A22053
Demime eats application/pgp-signature.
Configuring it not to is non-trivial, but it's on my list
of stuff to do (right after "get a life", so it might
be a while...).  Until then, or I give up on demime and throw it out, the
old-style PGP sigs still work, as you showed.
Only the lne CDR uses demime.

@_date: 2001-09-26 14:03:29
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: MIME-encoded PGP / GPG signatures (again) 
kmself on Wed, Sep 26, 2001 at 01:42:19AM -0700
References: <20010925224951.A29055
  <20010926014219.A1712
has an up-to-date list of the different CDRs and their policies.

@_date: 2001-09-27 12:58:29
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Cypherpunks declared to be a terrorist organization? 
05:59:57PM +0200
References: <200109271551.f8RFprf21386
Not that I know of.
Want to run one?  It doesn't take much bandwidth, just
a host that's up most of the time.  You or anyone else
who wants to set up a node is welcome to use some or all of
the majordomo mods I made to filter spam.
Sure.  It might be difficult to pass such a law in the US, and
completely unconstitutional, but that doesn't always stop them.
It's more likely that the cypherpunks list would be declared
a "terrorist organization" under sealed FISA orders, and the various
"ringleaders" rounded up in the middle of the night.
But I don't think even that is likely; it's easier and more
productive to ignore the list and target the rare list member
who does something chargeable in real life..

@_date: 2001-09-28 05:50:24
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: new European CDR 
Thanks to drt at un.bewaff.net, there is a new CDR in Europe.
Here's the CDR's info, see also
Operator:         drt at un.bewaff.net
Subscription:     "subscribe [password of your choice]" to
                       cypherpunks-request at koeln.ccc.de
Unsubscription:   "unsubscribe " to cypherpunks-request at koeln.ccc.de
Help:             "help" to to cypherpunks-request at koeln.ccc.de
Web site:         Posting address:  cypherpunks at koeln.ccc.de
Filtering policy: This specific node drops messages bigger than 32k and
                  every message with more than 17 recipients or just a line
                  containing "subscribe" or "unsubscribe" in the subject.
Digest mode:      this node is digest-only
NNTP:             news://koeln.ccc.de/cbone.ml.cypherpunks
Message Modification policy:  no modification
Privacy policy: ???

@_date: 2001-09-28 16:26:25
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Alert! Congress to target "TOXIC MOLD!" 
declan on Fri, Sep 28, 2001 at 06:53:32PM -0400
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010928185253.00aa0090
Hi Declan. What's the purpose of sending this to the cypherpunks list?
Do you intend it as an example of Silly Congress Tricks?
While I have a general unease about government getting involved in
anything as they're too likely to muck it up, toxic mold does appear
to potentially be a serious problem.   A quick Google search uncovers a
large number of references to toxic mold problems... scientific papers,
news stories, and even frightening statements like:
< "Mold is everywhere," according to San Francisco attorney Sara Thorpe.
< "There are no specific government guidelines and not a whole lot of
< medical information on it. It's ripe for lawyers to get into and expand it."
if the lawyers are into it, government won't be far behind.
There appear to be _five_ different bills pending in California
including one sponsored by a home builders association.
this posting contains less than 7mg/liter of Stachybotrys, Penicillum
and Aspergillus spores and thus is in compliance with the Toxic Mold
Protection Act of 2002.

@_date: 2001-09-28 17:04:23
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Alert! Congress to target "TOXIC MOLD!" 
declan on Fri, Sep 28, 2001 at 07:34:23PM -0400
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010928185253.00aa0090
  <5.0.2.1.0.20010928185253.00aa0090
  <20010928162625.A30369
  <5.0.2.1.0.20010928193025.00a962f0
Mold is relevant to the usual cpunks topics?
If I just didn't like it, I would have.
Your posts are usually informative and relevant to cpunks.
I was genuinely interested in why you forwarded this one--
Stupid Government Tricks are much too common to be news, and once you
do a little looking, this one doesn't appear to be any stupider than say
milk price supports.  Possibly less stupid if it allows people with
mold problems caused by defective construction to sue their contractors.
Either you didn't bother to do the research to discover that this is
not the trivial problem it sounds like (never mind the argument that
government should or shouldn't be involved--  there's lots of things
that from a libertarian viewpoint they should not be involved in but are,
and that's not newsworthy), or there's some relevancy to the usual cpunks
topics that escapes me.
The tone of your reply makes me suspect the former, but I hold out hope
for the latter.
BTW,  is a good list of links
to toxic mold sites.

@_date: 2002-08-01 14:45:52
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
References: TCPA (when it isn't turned off) WILL restrict the software that you
can run.  Software that has an invalid or missing signature won't be
able to access "sensitive data"[1].   Meaning that unapproved software
won't work.  Ok, technically it will run but can't access the data,
but that it a very fine hair to split, and depending on the nature of
the data that it can't access, it may not be able to run in truth.
If TCPA allows all software to run, it defeats its purpose.
Therefore Wagner's statement is logically correct.
Yes, the spec says that it can be turned off.  At that point you
can run anything that doesn't need any of the protected data or
other TCPA services.   But, why would a software vendor that wants
the protection that TCPA provides allow his software to run
without TCPA as well, abandoning those protections?
I doubt many would do so, the majority of TCPA-enabled
software will be TCPA-only.  Perhaps not at first, but eventually
when there are enough TCPA machines out there.  More likely, spiffy
new content and features will be enabled if one has TCPA and is
properly authenticated, disabled otherwise.  But as we have seen
time after time, today's spiffy new content is tomorrows
virtual standard.
This will require the majority of people to run with TCPA turned on
if they want the content.  TCPA doesn't need to be required by law,
the market will require it.  At some point, running without TCPA
will be as difficult as avoiding MS software in an otherwise all-MS
office.... theoretically possible, but difficult in practice.
"TCPA could be required" by the government or MS or  is, I agree, a red herring.  It is not outside
the realm of possibility, in fact I'd bet that someone at MS has
seriously thought through the implications.  But to my mind
the "requirement by defacto standard" scenerio I outline above
is much more likely, in fact it is certain to happen if TCPA
gets in more than say 50% of computers.
I worked for a short while on a very early version of TCPA with Geoff
Strongin from AMD.  We were both concerned that TCPA not be able to
be used to restrict user's freedom, and at the time I thought that
"you can always turn it off" was good enough.  Now I'm not so sure.
If someday all the stuff that you do with your computer touches data that can
only be operated on by TCPA-enabled software, what are you going to do?
BTW, what's your credentials?  You seem familiar with the TCPA spec, which
is no mean feat considering that it seems to have been written to
make it as difficult to understand as possible (or perhaps someone
hired an out-of-work ISO standards writer).  I think that Peter's
guess is spot on.  Of course having you participate as a nym
is much preferable to not having you participate at all, so don't
feel as though you have to out yourself or stop posting.
[1] TCPAmain_20v1_1a.pdf, section 2.2

@_date: 2002-08-01 15:06:38
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
on Thu, Aug 01, 2002 at 02:33:43PM -0700
References:   <3D4946C7.7343.1660D69
Nope.  They care that the Fritz chip is enabled whenever
their content is played.  There's no need to make it a legal
requirement if the market makes it a practical requirement.
The Linux folks just won't be able to watch the latest
Maria Lopez or Jennifer Carey DVDs.  But who cares about a few
geeks?  Only weirdos install alternative OSs anyhow, they can be
ignored.  Most of them will probably have second systems
with the Fritz chip enabled anyhow.

@_date: 2002-08-09 10:39:13
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Thanks, Lucky, for helping to kill gnutella 
remailer on Fri, Aug 09, 2002 at 10:05:15AM -0700
References: <8c25bf764b14de9e2d3d9cd24a6d49fb
Depending on the clients to "do the right thing" is fundamentally stupid.
This sort of attack doesn't do your position any good.

@_date: 2002-08-27 10:24:43
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: right MTA for crypto support 
References: lne.com's sendmail now supports START_TLS.  Not that that adds
any security to cpunks list mail of course.  But it does
increase the amount of encrypted traffic.
It's relatively easy to turn on TLS in sendmail.  It's not secure against active attackers that can modify the data in the TCP stream
but it's better than nothing.
Besides START_TLS which is built in, there is probably an auto-PGP patch
for sendmail.

@_date: 2002-08-28 11:03:23
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: right MTA for crypto support 
pgut001 on Wed, Aug 28, 2002 at 03:26:47PM +1200
References: <200208280326.PAA51036
It depends on how you define "better".
STARTTLS is defeated by Norton AV (silently!) and probably other
programs... if not now, then soon.  Mail is rarely stolen when in transit,
it's much easier to steal it from the destination spool, and STARTTLS does
nothing to protect stored mail.  The authentication option is only used
to authenticate roaming SMTP clients, and probably not often even then
since distributing client certificates is hard and too many IT folks
still think encrypted == secure.
If you define "better" as "more secure", or even "secure against
most classes of attackers", it's not better, it's a waste of CPU time.
But if you define "better" as "secure against passive eavesdroppers"
or as "increases the use of crypto", then it's better.
What's needed is something that IS better for both definitions
and is as easy to set up as STARTTLS... same thing that's been
needed for the last 10 years.

@_date: 2002-01-15 10:26:24
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Blueberry encryption for boston pigs? 
nobody on Tue, Jan 15, 2002 at 10:44:46AM -0600
References: ARDIS, the protocol the Blackberry uses, does an XOR
with a 32 bit constant of the day.

@_date: 2002-01-15 11:31:16
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Blueberry encryption for boston pigs? 
georgemw on Tue, Jan 15, 2002 at 11:37:03AM -0800
References: ;
  <20020115102624.A6756 <3C44145F.2207.A1BFD2
Probably not.  I haven't seen the spec so I'm not 100% sure, but
this is the info I dug up after 10 minutes of googling.
"And the Mobitex protocol used by ARDIS and RAM mobile for wireless email
is another example of something that is complex for error correction and
robustness but has essentially no security. And software for monitoring
this circulates around the net as well. ARDIS does use XORing with a
32 bit constant of the day to provide some fig leaf of security, but
obviously determining the constant is trivial..."
Sad, isn't it?

@_date: 2002-07-08 08:22:37
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: TPM cost constraint [was: RE: Revenge of the WAVEoid] 
Jul 07, 2002 at 07:13:54AM -0700
References: <3D284CA1.B3879F7B
Smartcards are more secure than browsers.  But normal cardreaders
don't keep malware that's on the PC from accssing the card.  It can snoop
on the user's PIN, or in the case of the few cardreaders that keep the PIN
local, wait for the card to be unlocked and then use it for illegitimate
purposes.  The smartcard still depends on the security of the PC.
It's not any more secure than the PC, its just portable.  That hasn't
been enough to make smartcards take off for PC-based applications.
A few companies have made secure smartcard readers that prevent this
type of attack.  One of those was N*able Technologies, which Wave bought
in '99.  The current EMBASSY chip is one that N*Able designed.  I was
Nable's chief architect.  I left after the buyout.  Nable's system was
for secure commerce, not DRM, but as a secure building block it can be
used for lots of things.
I don't know WAVE's pricing for the current EMBASSY chip, but based on
prices for earlier Nable chips, I'd guess that they could sell it for
$5-10 in quantity.  That's still a significant adder to the cost of a
motherboard.   But it isn't insurmountable.   The beneficiary pays for it,
not the end user.  All it takes is one customer who can get enough value
from it to make it worthwhile.  Microsoft is a good example... simply
increasing their license payment rate for Word from 50% of users to 60%
would make them more than enough $$ to cover the cost of an EMBASSY or
similar in most PCs.  The potential anti-competitive side effects then
come for free.
Of course marketing for PCs will attempt to get users to pay more
for the "security enhanced" DRM-equipped PCs.  But the added cost
doesn't need to be paid by the users to make it viable.

@_date: 2002-07-12 10:57:51
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper 
pgut001 on Fri, Jul 12, 2002 at 07:14:55PM +1200
References: <200207120714.TAA376787
Motherboard makers don't pay for it.  Microsoft pays for it.
Or, Microsoft and Vivendi and Sony and ... all chip in.
Each pays a portion, and reaps the rewards.  Ok, really
Wave or their ilk reaps the rewards as well.
This is what Wave's been trying to sell for years now.
It hasn't flown, yet.  MS, Sony et al. would rather
the chip get paid for by someone else first so
they can use it for free.
But there's a likelyhood that eventually someone will
see where they can make money from it and go with it.
If not with Wave or TCPA, with some other deal.
What killed SET wasn't that Visa got greedy and arrogant, although
that certainly didn't help.  They didn't want it to succeed.  It was a
placeholder against Mondex, which looked like it was going ot take off
in the mid 90s..  When Mondex didn't happen, SET got harder and harder
to actually implement (with new fees for participating inthe "standards
body" and new fees for compliance testing, etc. etc)  Visa makes more
money from the current SSL situation because they charge a hefty added
fee for 'card not present' transactions.  SET would have gotten rid of
that, which would have been good if there was a competing payment system
(Mondex), bad if there's a virtual monopoly (what actually happened).
It took me a year or so of going to SET meetings before I figured
out that they really wern't that incompetent at getting a standard
organized, they were fscking it up on purpose.

@_date: 2002-07-13 10:59:23
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: economics of DRM, was Re: Ross's TCPA paper 
pgut001 on Sat, Jul 13, 2002 at 06:34:36PM +1200
References: <200207130634.SAA473940
You're probably joking, but just in case you're not, or there's
somone who doesn't get it, here's how it works:
Wave (or someone like them) makes a deal with the motherboard
makers to install EMBASSY chips.  Wave pays the motherboard makers
to do it, so there is no added cost to them.  Wave then sells the rights
to use the EMBASSY to Microsoft, Sony, et. al.   The arrangement
may involve percentages of the fees that users pay (i.e. Wave
gets 50% of $1 that a user pays for a Sony-owned song, and gives half
of that to the motherboard maker), or it might involve up-front
payments.  It can work either way.
The difficulty is to get enough EMBASSY or whatever chips out there to
make a critical mass that's attractive to use, and to distribute the
cost of the DRM hardware and software over enough DRM customers that
it's profitable for each one.  i.e. MS might not want to underwrite $20
worth of DRM by itself, because it doesn't make enough more through
DRM-enforced licensing to make a profit from it.  But if the $20 for
the DRM is split among 20 companies, each paying $1, they can all make
a profit from using it.  TCPA, by standardizing the DRM, makes it easier
to get a critical mass and easier to round up participants.
I think that it is important to understand the economics behind DRM
because that is ultimately what will determine if and how it is deployed.
Microsoft does not do things simply because they enjoy being evil.
They are not so worried about Linux (with its small share of the market)
that they will spend mega-bucks now on a very long term project that might
possibly let them keep it off some PCs in the far future.  They _are_
concerned with getting paid for the 50% of their software that isn't
paid for.  There's a shitload of money there, and if getting at some of
it costs a little, well, its still more profit than they would
have gotten otherwise.
Of course its even better for them if they can convince users that DRM
is an added security feature, or they can get governments to require it
(i.e. V-chip).  Then the users pay for it.  But I don't see either of
those being very likely.  It's more probable that there needs to be
significant profit in it for a number of players to make it go.

@_date: 2002-07-15 15:31:23
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: economics of DRM, was Re: Ross's TCPA paper 
hseaver on Sat, Jul 13, 2002 at 07:10:07PM -0500
References: <200207130634.SAA473940
  <20020713105923.A27199
  <20020714000921.GB27757
I don't think 98 does it, but XP does.
It just raised the bar a bit-- there was a pirate version
of Office XP out before the legal version.

@_date: 2002-07-23 07:17:09
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Tunneling through a hostile proxy? 
09:42:49AM -0400
References: So who's written an IP-over-HTTP(S) library?
Reminds me of Ranum's NFS-over-SMTP firewall
bypassing proof of concept.
BTW Roy, first try ssh on a non-standard non-reserved port.

@_date: 2002-07-29 17:22:28
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: What happened to cypherpunks? 
k.brown on Fri, Jul 26, 2002 at 04:56:31PM +0100
References: <200207240353.g6O3rNW04172
  <3D4008CE.F271F3D6 <3D41712F.910CA4BB
Ssz seems to have gotten itself put in most of the open
relay blacklists recently.  Your ISP may be blocking
mail from Ssz to you.  Received cpunks traffic here at lne
has been pretty light over the last four days
or so.  Perhaps everyone is taking a break?
Eric (who doesn't use other people's blacklists)

@_date: 2002-06-12 09:41:18
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: What's with all the spam?... 
Wed, Jun 12, 2002 at 07:58:49AM +0200
References:   <20020612075848.A8801
The LNE node isn't moderated.
All posts from list subscribers, to any CDR, plus
any post from a non-subscriber that isn't spam, get sent to
LNE subscribers.
LNE qualifies.

@_date: 2002-06-12 10:26:44
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: What's with all the spam?... 
tcmay on Wed, Jun 12, 2002 at 10:15:37AM -0700
References: <20020612094118.A22675
  <032CA558-7E28-11D6-9C64-0050E439C473
[chinese spam deleted]
No, that was an error on my part, typing over a high
latency connection.

@_date: 2002-06-14 12:11:50
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: politicians vs. bill of rights (your legislature on drugs) 
Fri, Jun 14, 2002 at 09:22:58AM -0700
References: <3D0A1861.D0815F6D
It's already a reality in some sports and some countries.
In France for instance, police can randomly drug test professional
cyclists at any time.  They can also search them, their
houses and cars at any time and with no warrant.
Italy also has somewhat similar provisions.
Perata is a well-known rights-taker.
He's also a well-known hypocrite, having sponsored gun-grabbing
legislation while using his position to get himself
a concealed weapon permit, something that is nearly always denied to ordinary California citizens.

@_date: 2002-05-24 16:40:36
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: S/MIME and web of trust (was Re: NAI pulls out the DMCA stick) 
on Fri, May 24, 2002 at 11:17:08AM -0700
References: <20020522110202.A1992
  <006501c2022a$cf4765c0$c33a080a
  <3CEE2134.2450.C43632
It uses X.509, which is supposed to be a hierarchical certificate system. Verisign is just the dominant X.509 CA.
But as others have pointed out, its possible to become one's own X.509
CA and issue oneself certs.  Netscape and IE browsers will accept certs
from completely made up CAs.  You might have to click on a few "do you
really want to do this" dialog boxes but that's it.  All you need is a
copy of Openssl and directions off a web site..
Additionally, there is nothing that prevents one from issuing certs
that can be used to sign other certs.  Sure, there are key usage bits
etc but its possible to ignore them.  It should be possible to create
a PGP style web of trust using X.509 certs, given an appropriate set of
cert extensions.  If Peter can put a .gif of his cat in an X.509 cert
there's no reason someone couldn't represent a web of trust in it.
Each user would self-sign their cert.  Or self-sign a CA cert and
use that to sign a cert, same thing.  Trust would be indicated
by (signed) cert extensions that indicate "I trust Joe Blow X amount as
a signer of keys".  Each time you added a trust extension you would
generate a new cert using the same key.  Each trust extension would
indicate the entity, their key id (hash of public key), and the degree of
trust.  When you added a trust extension you'd give a copy of the enw
cert to the entity you just added.  They can then append these
certs onto their cert when they authenticate to someone.
When authenticating, you verify the other guys cert, something he signed
with his private key, then all the other people's certs that he sends
in addition to his own, all of which attest to his trustworthiness.
Ideally, you also trust some of the same people, so you now have their
signed "statements" attesting to a degree of trust in the new guy.
[note, there's probably a conceptal flaw in this since  I'm loopy from
allergy drugs today and probably not thinking as clearly as I think I
am, so be polite when you point out my error.  In any case, the point
is that its possible to do a web of trust in x.509, not that I have a
fully formed scheme for implementing it]
Since all this is in X.509, S/MIME MTAs accept it (unless they are
programmed to not accept self-signed CAs, in which case your MTA is a
slave to Verisign et. al).  You'd need an external program to verify the
web of trust, but that's about it.  And to be honest, exactly zero of the
PGP exchanges I have had have actually used the web of trust to really
verify a PGP key.  I've only done it in testing.  In the real world,
I either verify out of band (i.e. over the phone) or don't bother if
the other party is too clueless to understand what I want to do and getting
them to do PGP at all has already exausted my paticnce.
But why bother?
Even if I could do this X.509 web of trust tomorrow, no one besides a
few crypto-geeks would use it.  People just don't give a shit about other
people reading their email.  Most people can't even be bothered to use
a decent password or shred their credit-card statements.  Only criminals
have anything to hide, right?

@_date: 2002-05-24 17:03:56
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: NAI pulls out the DMCA stick 
objectpascal on Fri, May 24, 2002 at 12:07:48PM -0700
References: <200205240511.RAA43173
  <20020524190748.51943.qmail
Do a web search on "openssl certificate authority".
Yes, if the libraries you use support them.
Note that twofish, being a symetric algorithm, would
not be used in certificates.  Public key and hashes only.
X.509 is an ITU/T standard, which means, among other things, that
they charge money for copies.  You can find copies on the net though.
Being ITU/T also means that the standard is written in a format and
style that is designed to be incomprehensible as possible.  This keeps
the professional meeting-goers who write these things from having to
search for honest work.  The documents get progressively less
understandable over time, so its best to start with the 1988 version.
PKCS explains X.509 as well and is easier to understand.
Peter Gutman's X.509 Style Guide is quite comprehsnsible and
also pretty funny after you have spent time trying to decipher
X.509 or any other X.whatever standard.
Peter also has a neat utility called dumpasn.1 which you will
want if you start diddling X.509 certs.
Openssl is probably the most common library for doing cert
stuff these days.  Unfortunately the docs for Openssl are pretty
much non-existent and the ASN.1 code is particularly difficult
to understand.

@_date: 2002-10-09 15:15:29
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Trojan-modified Sendmail floating around - 8.12.6 - Since 
Wed, Oct 09, 2002 at 11:01:21PM +0100
References: <5.1.1.6.2.20021008183138.02aed228
  <3DA4A731.1010201
<<< No Message Collected >>>

@_date: 2002-10-10 08:09:55
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Echelon-like... 
nobody on Thu, Oct 10, 2002 at 02:28:26AM -0000
References: B and C, extensively.
The US Government has pretty much given up on restricting crypto
exports.  There is just enough of a vestigial restriction there to
maintain the illusion that the government has a right to control crypto
exports.  If there was anything more, it would be challenged in court
and most likely get thrown out.  The government backed off on
previous challenges (Bernstein, Zimmerman) to avoid that.

@_date: 2002-10-21 08:20:46
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: The Register - UK firm touts alternative to digital certs 
DaveHowe on Mon, Oct 21, 2002 at 03:37:33PM +0100
References: Looking at their web site, they seem pretty generic about
what it's for, but I did not see any mention of using it for payments.
So I assume it's for logins.
They do say that their servers are "benchmarked at 300 transactions/sec".
That's pretty darn slow for single des.  There would have to
be an authenticated and probably encrypted session between the
server accepting the login (or the merchant if it really does payments)
and the back end.  But even using SSL/TLS, which would be more
than is required but an easy component to plug in, they ought
to be able to get at least a true 1000 sessions/sec using one of the
current SSL accelerators out there.
Maybe they have a bunch of slow database lookups?  Perhaps there
is a long RTT for the check against the CIA blacklist?
If it is for logins, how many sites would be willing to let someone
else know when their employees log in?  That could be useful
competitive intelligence.

@_date: 2002-09-03 13:13:42
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: I see everything twice! 
It looks like one of the CDRs, possibly algebra, is
changing the Message-ID on cpunks mail and redistributing
it to the CDRs-- I'm seeing two copies of each message, one
of which has an X-Algebra header in it.
Could the algebra maintainer check this out?

@_date: 2002-09-24 08:04:23
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: What good are smartcard readers for PCs 
pgut001 on Tue, Sep 24, 2002 at 07:12:47PM +1200
References: <200209240712.TAA39196
A previous company I worked for made a secure smart-card reader
chip/system that used smart cards to carry a user's private key and
cert.  The initial application was the SET electronic payment protocol.
(all together now: yuck!)  SET didn't take off, and not many of these
were sold.
Amex hyped up their 'blue' card & was giving out free readers for
a while... until they discovered that the drivers were fatally broken
(ha ha, it was done by a competitor of the company above, their
product was shite).  That, plus the fact that Amex couldn't get
more than a few merchants to go along with it, doomed the project.
They stopped giving out free smartcard readers pretty quickly.
The company I work for now uses smart-cards in a K-of-N split key
scheme to authenticate administrators of secure proxy servers.  These are
actually selling to real live customers and work just fine.
Niche markets like these are the only place where smart card use will
be growing in the near term, unless Larry Ellison and Scott "you
have no privacy" McNealy get their fat government contracts for
implementing the single signon surveilance state...

@_date: 2002-09-29 15:32:44
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: smartcards 
Someone who's sending from a mailer that lne.com blocks because
of spam said:

@_date: 2003-04-09 11:58:16
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Patriot Act to become permanant? 
In a move that should not be a suprise
to anyone here, Sen. Orrin Hatch has introduced a bill
to repeal the sunset clause in the Patriot Act, making
it permanant.

@_date: 2003-04-09 12:05:10
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: "Lone terrorist" bill 
WTF is a "lone terrorist"?
"A bill to expand the ability of the government to conduct wiretaps
and other surveillance on suspected lone terrorists has attracted
controversial amendments that have stalled its advance to the full Senate.
Judiciary Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) has circulated one
amendment that would eliminate the sunset provision in the anti-terror
Patriot Act that passed in the aftermath of Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist
attacks and greatly expanded the government's law enforcement powers.
Reading down it looks like a "lone terrorist" is someone
that the government can't even prove is a "terrorist"
to the secret FISA rubberstamp court.  So this is presumeably
an attempt to bypass FISA entirely.

@_date: 2003-04-10 13:08:56
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Revenge of the Wave-oids (was Re: Trusted Computing Group trying to be TCPA follow-on [eetimes] 
References: <5.1.1.6.2.20030409113725.02c5ae80 <20030410015723.GA94766 Wave'a a bit player in TCPA, just hoping to get a few
crumbs from the big boys.  It's Microsoft and Intel and Compaq/HP
who're dictating the action.

@_date: 2003-04-11 18:53:02
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Looting of museums, banks, shops, factories--South Central 
timcmay on Fri, Apr 11, 2003 at 10:00:15AM -0700
References: <10EB4306-6C3F-11D7-9925-000A956B4C74
It seems as if we're standing by and letting it happen on purpose.
Part of the plan to ensure Iraq's slave status for years to come?
A way to make the bulk of the population yearn for
any government, even a blatant US puppet state?

@_date: 2003-04-13 10:10:54
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Kill MS, again, but sideways 
zenadsl6186 on Sun, Apr 13, 2003 at 05:04:10AM +0100
References: <5.1.1.6.2.20030411230408.02bdef60
Really?  You got this mail through an old modem and linux box..
Google for 'winmodem' and linux finds:
plus lots of other links you may find useful.
Microsoft's lock on the winmodem appears to have been pretty short.
Commonly used interfaces do eventually become well known.
While they do have owners, the amount of market interia they
develop makes then essentially unchangeable.
But demanding that they be "communal property" sounds like
the sort of socialism that can only be imposed by authority
and fails when it is imposed.
That's been done before-- Diamond refused for years to supply info
to Xfree86, so there was a boycott of Diamond graphic cards in
the Linux community.  They eventually saw the light (or market).
1. figuring out the winmodem interface.  It's software, so its possible.
But it appears that others have already done the work for at least
some winmodem chips.
2. boycotting winmodem makers.  Not likely to work in this case since
most modem makers sell the things.  Besides, the market drive for
reduced chip count and the PC makers' hunger for anything that chews up CPU
cycles and drives consumers to buy faster machines is a lot stronger
than that for linux.
3. beg for some higher power to "do something".  You can probably
guess from my tone that I don't think much of this option.

@_date: 2003-08-15 13:15:25
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: [cta@hcsin.net: Re: CNN: 'Explores Possibility that Power 
Food for thought and grounds for further research:
----- Forwarded message from "Bernie, CTA"  -----

@_date: 2003-08-21 07:33:18
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: National Emergency? 
hseaver on Thu, Aug 21, 2003 at 08:17:35AM -0500
References: <20030821131735.GC21943
Hasn't there been a perpetual "National Emergency", signed by
every president since WWII or therebouts?
Is Bush's a double plus National Emergency?

@_date: 2003-08-27 08:52:31
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: spam blacklists and lne CDR 
Hi.  The last couple days I've gotten a lot of mail bounces from cpunks
subscribers who are blocking lne.com because it's on the osirusoft spam
"blacklist".  There is no way to get off this list; in fact the site
appears to be down.  Lne.com doesn't send spam; I don't know why we are on
this list.  My guess is that it's becase we're listed on a couple other
"extreme" blacklists that blacklist entire networks that are owned by
ISPs that the list operator does not like.
If you or your ISP uses this blacklist, I have no choice but to drop
you from the lne cdr lest my mailbox drown in reject messages.
I have mixed feelings about blacklists-- I've had to implement one
here so we didn't drown in spam and it seems to work reasonably well.
But lists that 1) don't let you get off and 2) list sites to pressure
them to change ISPs don't get much respect from me, and neither do the
ISPs that blindly use them.

@_date: 2003-08-30 06:10:14
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Responding to orders which include a secrecy requirement 
timcmay on Fri, Aug 29, 2003 at 06:54:03PM -0700
References: <5.2.1.1.0.20030829152504.0412e258
The message it sends is to accept the cops offer of on-site "protection"
when the ISP is faced with allowing the tap or being put in jail.
By upping the stakes you force the business
owner to accept the cops as the lesser of two evils.
The mafia's actions tended to make business owners clamor for
more police and more intrusive police protection.   Not less.
This is a problem that's better solved with crypto.

@_date: 2003-12-08 07:22:19
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: cypherpunks discussions 
jtrjtrjtr2001 on Mon, Dec 08, 2003 at 12:21:21AM -0800
References: <20031208082121.20527.qmail
This is why the cpunks list has very little new subscribers...
most newbies who post questions get flamed.  Usually by Tim
who sears them for not having read some post from
1992 or for bringing up a topic that was discussed in 1996.
Perhaps if the archives were complete, well organized and
easy to find it would be appropriate to politely tell newbies to
read the FAQ.  But they're not.   It's also not a complete waste of
time to discuss topics that have been discussed previously...
some new information may come from the discussion.  Someone
who is not interested can just skip those posts.  If the list
is restricted to discusing topics that are only of interest to Tim
(or any long-time member, Tim's not the only one) then
only a few people will even be able to follow the discusssion, let
alone participate.
Tim, before you reply, I suggest that you look back through the
last year or so's worth of your cpunks posts to see how many are
the thoughtful incisive kind vs a barage of insults or complaints
that the poster you are replying to is an idiot.
A related problem is the tendency for a number of posters to turn every
thread into an intellectual dicksizewar.   It's gotten to the point where
I don't post much, and I've been _working_ in security for the 8 years
(and on Usenet, where the dicksizewar was invented, for 15).  I can only
imagine what it's like for new people.  Only the most stubborn
will stay.   The list is selecting for obstinance.
On a related note, I do see the addresses of people who unsubscribe,
and they are often addresses that recently subscribed.  Other people have made the point that mailing lists are "old tech"
and I agree.   I don't like the new replacements (blogs, web boards)
as much as lists, but perhaps that's because of what I used first.
Kids these days don't know how to use shell shortcuts either.
BTW, there's about 415 list members.  LNE doesn't censor, we do block
networks that we've gotten spam from.  Currently we block about 12,000
spams a week and receive another 1500 or so.  We're still on dial-up
(Verizon rural phone service sucks).  Allowing those 12,000 spams
through to process them would make our 43k line unuseable.
Hence the blocking.  I explained this to John in private email, and also
explained how to get unblocked by following a link in the bounce message.
He's refused to do this, prefering to claim that I'm "censoring" him.
Whatever.  The CIA agent reading over my shoulder says that John's way
too paranoid.
I realize that my spam solution is non-optimal but its
the best I can come up with at the moment.
I'm getting tired of running the list.  As it is now it doesn't provide
much value and I could use my time for something else.  Could someone
please set up another node?  I'll send you all my scripts etc.  But I
won't maintain it on a machine you provide, you'll have to do it.
Maybe some of our list members from the government would like
to step forward with some homeland security $$. :-)

@_date: 2003-12-08 10:46:04
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: cypherpunks discussions 
08, 2003 at 08:31:07AM -0800
References: <3FD4A74B.7B6A3208
I've been hearing about blog-spamming lately, and I've
seen spammers attack web boards as well.
Spammers are also using worms to get control of victim's
machines and sending their spam from there.
Sorry, I was in a hurry.
History substition is what I meant...  i.e.
% ericm >  mkdir /home/cpun
% ericm > ^pun^punk
% ericm > cd !$
or any of the hundreds of other history substitution commands.
No one I work with knows any of them; they all either laboriously re-type
or use the command-line editor even when it requires many more keystrokes.
I try to restrain myself from barking out "bang dollar!  bang dollar dammit!"
but sometimes I can't help it.

@_date: 2003-12-09 16:57:07
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Speaking of Reason 
timcmay on Tue, Dec 09, 2003 at 03:05:29PM -0800
References: <171.27763a24.2d079198
  <2E7551A8-2A9C-11D8-9AB2-000A956B4C74
I pretty much agree with your views, minus the racism and misogny.
On days that the brilliant thoughtful Tim posts, I'm in awe.
When Tim the asshole posts, I'm disgusted.  Unfortunately
these days the latter Tim isn't letting the former Tim
near the keyboard very often.   Ok, bye!
Eric (just to make it crystal clear, Tim's going in my _personal_ killfile)

@_date: 2003-12-23 17:42:26
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: lne.com CDR to close 
The lne.com CDR node will stop accepting new
subscriptions on Jan 1 2004, and will stop forwarding
cypherpunks mail on Jan 15.  There are other nodes
currently and hopefully more will announce themselves.
I've learned a lot on the cpunks list over the last
10 years and I'd like to thank some of the people whose
writing I've enjoyed:  Lucky Green, Black Unicorn, Declan McCullagh, Tim May, John Gilmore.

@_date: 2003-12-29 11:08:30
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: unsub from lne 
hseaver on Mon, Dec 29, 2003 at 11:42:56AM -0600
References: <20031229174256.GE12957
I'm experimenting with a new sendmail milter.
(the SMTP HELO arg needs to be reasonably valid in order to pass).
I've now set it to not reject mail to majordomo at
lne.com.  The blocklist thing is still
in effect, but if you're bounced by that
you get a URL in the bounce message
that you can use to get it fixed.

@_date: 2003-12-29 11:11:31
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: unsub from lne 
shaddack on Mon, Dec 29, 2003 at 07:58:03PM +0100
References: <20031229174256.GE12957
  <0312291956230.-1121832784
pro-ns.net is running a CDR similar to lne.
A number of other people have gotten my scripts but
I havent' seen any up and running yet.
Thanks.

@_date: 2003-02-03 16:28:10
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Shuttle Humor, Risk Estimation 
hseaver on Mon, Feb 03, 2003 at 05:01:41PM -0600
References: <3E3EB3EC.DE0B7FD7
  <20030203230141.GC29837
All the KH-71s were busy mapping Iraq's oil fields
and photographing Saddam's nose hairs.

@_date: 2003-07-08 13:36:10
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: idea: brinworld meets the credit card 
08, 2003 at 12:16:36PM -0700
References: <3F0B1894.9AB25F99
How does it allow the merchant to view the picture
while preventing the thief from doing so?
Saying "it's encrypted" is, at best, sweeping a very large
problem under a small rug.  Who holds the key?  How
does the card or the user authenticate a real merchant vs.
a thief posing as a merchant?
Those are the hard problems.  No one in biometrics
has yet been able to solve them in a general way.

@_date: 2003-07-09 10:43:33
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: MRAM, persistance of memory 
09, 2003 at 10:23:55AM -0700
References: <3F0C4FAB.FB644298
I doubt it as well.  DRAM also has power-off memory persistence and nearly everyone in security ignores that as well.
But not the spooks :
"The FEI-374i-DRS is a data recovery system that captures and preserved
digital data, in its original format, directly from the Dynamic Random
Access Memory (DRAM) of Digital Telephone Answering Machines (DTAMs)
The FEI-374i-DRS is an indispensable tool for forensic investigators
required to evaluate residual audio and tag information retained in
today's DRAM-based DTAMs."

@_date: 2003-07-10 08:27:03
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: MRAM, persistance of memory 
shaddack on Thu, Jul 10, 2003 at 04:45:58PM +0200
References: <20030709104333.A30503
It's still interesting. I would not bet on that for sensitive data.
See Peter Gutmans and Ross Anderson's papers on RAM memory remanance.

@_date: 2003-07-21 11:44:53
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: A day in the life 
from measl on Sun, Jul 20, 2003 at 04:07:58PM -0500
References: [ID experience at giant mega-corp casino]
[ID experience at Jiffy-loob]
If you patronize only corporate mega-stores, this is what you get.
None of the (locally-owned) resturants I eat breakfast at do any
loyalty card bullshit, they happily accept anonymous cash and the food
is wonderful.  The vendors at the local farmer's market take cash too.
The local stores in the chain of bicycle stores I sometimes go to for
tires and parts do sometimes ask me if I want to be on their buyers club
thing, I just say no and that's fine with them.
You need to shop at stores run by humans. If you have to
patronize a mega-corp, stick up for yourself.  They insist
because it works on most people.  There is no
need to baaah along with the sheep.

@_date: 2003-07-29 09:27:59
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Someone at the Pentagon read Shockwave Rider over the 
postgres on Tue, Jul 29, 2003 at 08:48:11AM -0500
References: <20030729134811.GJ1073
Jim Bell should have applied for a DARPA grant!
(check out this and other programs at

@_date: 2003-06-02 09:24:29
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Maybe It's Snake Oil All the Way Down 
References:  <3EDB5A82.5B9C1073
Some who can't understand SSL won't be able to do better.
Especially since there is at least one very good book on it.
The original SSH protocol had holes so large that
you could drive a truck through them.   Tatu posted
it to various lists and got lots of advice on
how to clean it up.  It still had holes that were being
found years later.
SSLv2, which was also designed by an
individual, also had major flaws.  And that was the
second cut!  I haven't seen v1, maybe Eric can
shed some light on how bad it was.
Peer review is not "design by comittie".  It is
the way to get strong protocols.  When I have to roll my
own (usually because its working in a limited environment
and I don't have a choice)
I get it reviewed.  The protocol designer usually misses
something in his own protocol.
0. USE EXISTING SECURITY PRIMITIVES
which allows you to
Rolling your own crypto is where 95% of crypto apps fail...
the developers either take too much time on it to the detrimient
of the useability because it is the sexy thing to work on, or
they write an insecure algorithm/protocol/system.    Usually
they do both!

@_date: 2003-06-04 07:40:48
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Maybe It's Snake Oil All the Way Down 
References: <200306040432.h544WNQ03298
It's the I part of PKI that's hard.  That the assumptions built
into X.509 (i.e. a rigid certificate hierarchy) don't work everywhere
just makes it harder.  And the obstinance of the standards organizations
involved don't help.
Too often people see something like Peter's statement above and say
"oh, it's that nasty ASN.1 in X.509 that is the problem, so we'll just
do it in XML instead and then it'll work fine" which is simply not true.
The formatting of the certificates is such a minor issue that it is lost
in the noise of the real problems.  And Peter publishes a fine tool
for printing ASN.1, so the "human readable" argument is moot.
Note that there isn't a real running global PKI using SPKI
or PGP either.
The largest problem with X.509 is that various market/political forces
have allowed Verisign to dominate the cert market and charge way too
much for them.  There is software operable by non-cryptographers that
will generate reasonable cert reqs (it's not standard Openssl) but
individuals and corporations alike balk at paying $300-700 for each cert.
(yes I know about the free "individual" certs, the failure of
S/MIME is a topic for another rant).
This is why lne.com's STARTTLS cert is self-signed.  Verisign
isn't getting any more of my money.

@_date: 2003-06-08 20:05:50
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Razor 
from juicy on Sun, Jun 08, 2003 at 06:00:51PM
  -0700
References: <0210dfd3a668bc0f8de997edac54cf92
By pointing out this attack you have
guaranteed that our resident cypherpunks
attackers will be reporting lots of
legit posts to razor.
I'd suggest not using razor to filter cpunks mail.
While we're talking about spam
filtering, please do not reject cpunks mail
that your filters id as spam.  Dump it
in /dev/null instead.   Sending reject messages
to mailing lists is rude.  In another bit of list administrivia, it appears
that both aol and rr are not accepting mail this weekend.
(their servers accept connections but never send HELO or EHLO).
I hear that aol's incoming mail is hosed, I
don't know what rr's problem is.

@_date: 2003-06-16 13:12:16
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Diners club switches to passwords 
from adam on Mon, Jun 16, 2003 at 11:50:30AM -0400
References: <20030616155030.GA15190
Mother's maiden name.

@_date: 2003-06-16 14:29:37
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: [Brinworld] Car's data recorder convicts driver 
kelsey.j on Mon, Jun 16, 2003 at 05:11:57PM -0400
References: <3EEDDB59.941E6BE3 <3EEDDB59.941E6BE3
  <200306161116.06973.skquinn
  <5.2.0.9.0.20030616170631.044ddc00
 ...
The types of problems with DNA testing such as state's refusal to allow
testing of convicts when it might prove their innocence, and
testing lab "errors", would also apply to EDR boxes.
I.e. states will contrive to use EDR records only when it proves
their case, and data recovered will be subject to "interpretation".
You can bet that when EDRs become important as evidence, citizens won't
be allowed to posess the means to read their own EDRs let alone
write to them.

@_date: 2003-05-09 10:17:54
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: A Trial Balloon to Ban Email? 
nobody on Fri, May 09, 2003 at 03:50:02AM +0200
References: <0ac3a2f2dc678e1551bcf8fc1c76fac1
Weinsteins proposal is DOA because of the centralized control and the
lack of anonymity (oh, but Pit issuers may issue special anonymous certs
to "applicants with special needs for identity protection (e.g., human
rights groups operating in "hostile" areas, etc.)".  Right.)
The people like us who would implement it won't.
But it's technically possible.  The technological issues are the
easy part.   Creating a new email system is one thing, getting people
to use it is another.  This idea is pretty unrealistic...  sort of the
Underpants Gnomes plan for ridding the world of spam:
1. create completely new parallel email system
2. ???
3. no more spam!
I read it as the Pit is a signature over the Pit contents
and the email.   It'd include the certs needed to authenticate
to the appropriate CA.  A PKCS detached signature or
similar structure would work fine.
The crypto part is the one part that's easy.
See the 'getting people to use it' argument above.
Solve that and any of 20 different technical solutions would work.

@_date: 2003-05-12 09:57:29
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: changes at lne.com 
The spam load at lne.com is WAY too high.
Last month for example there was an average of 96 spams per day submitted
to cypherpunks at lne.com.   "submitted" means that it was the first
time we saw that particular mail.  Since the CDR system sends everything
to all nodes, that means we got and passed on about 4x that number.
800 spams a day is a waste.
So I have changed the way we deal with CDR mail.  We will no longer pass
to other CDRs mail that we would not send to subscribers.  Eliminating
outbound spam will cut our cypherpunks spam load in half.
I am also going to filter the non-subscriber mail more effectively.
Lately I have had to check about 50 spams a day to see if they are
actually posts to the list.  I find one real post every two or three days.
Now I will save for human processing only the non-subscriber mail that is
PGP signed or encrypted, or that looks like a reply.
The majority of non-subscriber mails I've forwarded to the list
have been replies.  (I'll save everything for a while to make
sure my filtering works).
As always, other CDR operators and anyone else interested
in running a CDR are welcome to my scripts.

@_date: 2003-05-12 11:05:41
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: changes at lne.com 
bill.stewart on Mon, May 12, 2003 at 10:39:04AM -0700
References: <20030512095729.A19565
  <5.1.1.6.2.20030512103557.02e1cae8
I'd like to.  But bouncing the mail will mean that
I have to send 100 bounces and process 100 bounces back, since
few spammers use real mail addresses and most of those are
already over quota or rejecting mail.  So it won't save me
much traffic and I'll have to add a hack for dumping
the bounce bounces...
I don't think I can do an SMTP error message since its
getting handled in procmail, after the body is accepted.
If I can't filter better than 50% of the non-subscriber spam without
filtering some real non-subscriber posts, I'll probably try the bounce
message thing.  OTOH, the way I review non-subscriber mails after this
change lets me see the sender name and subject without looking at the
mail like I did before, so it may turn out that it's fast enough for me
to review that I don't need to do any filtering at all.
Oh, and before Peter asks, next time I mess with it, I'll make
messages with the appropriate X-approved header go through without
human intervention.

@_date: 2003-05-12 13:03:05
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: changes at lne.com 
03:21:05PM -0400
References: I guess it's been a while since I set this up, so people
have forgotten.
There's a "whitelist" that has subscribers to all
the CDRs, anonymous remailers, and anyone that
has ever posted to any CDR (assuming we got the mail).
It's not often that there is a non-spam post from
a sender that isn't on the whitelist-- when there is, I
forward it and put the sender on the list.
The idea is to filter out the spam without requiring moderation.

@_date: 2003-05-12 14:19:14
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: changes at lne.com 
adam on Mon, May 12, 2003 at 09:51:35PM +0100
References:   <20030512215135.A9279452
The whitelist lookup is off the From: header.
The From_ header on this was ABack at ex.ac.uk.
If it's not on the whitelist it gets added when I see the bounce.

@_date: 2003-05-12 20:00:58
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: changes at lne.com 
Mon, May 12, 2003 at 09:12:54PM -0400
References: <20030512095729.A19565
  <5.1.1.6.2.20030512103557.02e1cae8
  <20030512110541.A20160
  <20030512211254.A2905
Heh.  I'd love DSL.  It's a full-time dialup.
That's all I can get out here in the woods.
But there are advantages to running it here--
Since it's on a machine I own, I can hack up Majordomo
all I want, and I don't have to worry about the server's
owner getting upset over the list contents (or the ISP
either, since I just get straight IP).
If someone with a real server with real
bandwidth wanted to take over or let me have full
reign on their box to run it there, that'd
be fine with me.

@_date: 2003-05-16 10:22:48
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: using PoW + filters to avoid false positives (Re: Re: A 
adam on Thu, May 15, 2003 at 09:56:17AM +0100
References:   <5.2.0.9.0.20030512183116.044db8d0
  <021501c319ca$39747ed0$6701a8c0
  <20030515095617.A9475477
There is already a reasonably good proof-of-work mechanism built
into SMTP-- START_TLS.
Any server that is willing to do TLS with mine is very unlikely
to be a spammer.  In fact a quick check of about 8000 spams I have
shows that two of them used TLS.  (both in the last week.   hmm.)
While it's true that the TLS protocol allows a client to subject
a server to a DOS attack by getting the server to do the expensive
crypto operation first (as the Dean & Subblefield paper points out)
in order for a MTA to deliver mail, it's got to complete
the TLS handshake.
So, to fix the spam problem, all we have to do is require START_TLS. :-)
Now, to generate an 8192-bit key....

@_date: 2003-05-16 15:04:10
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: FW: Security Software Engineer needed 
Forwarded in case people are interested:
----- Forwarded message from owner-cypherpunks at lne.com -----

@_date: 2003-05-20 15:51:11
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: new California crypto legislation? 
I've heard a rumor that there is some new legislation
being proposed in California that would require consumer
communication using SSL to go "directly to the server".
A scan of the current in-process legislation doesn't turn
up anything.

@_date: 2003-11-26 08:18:43
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Lucrative update 
Somoneone at monash.edu.au was resending old mails.

@_date: 2003-10-23 13:18:36
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Palladium/TCPA/NGSCB 
23, 2003 at 11:59:47AM -0700
References: <3F982523.7B1A6D65
Or a virus that modifes your other programs to make them appear to
be known virii.  You'd have to turn off your AV progams
to keep them from destroying your files (or moving them
around, going crazy with warnings when you start any program, etc)
I'd bet that no AV programs have safeguards against this
sort of false positive attack.

@_date: 2003-09-04 07:56:32
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Getting certificates. 
on Wed, Sep 03, 2003 at 08:27:18AM -0700
References: <3D9DF516.ED30A66A
  <20021004134621.A7820
  <3F55A5E6.27889.21A7796
..which means that it still requires an OOB authentication.
(or blinding typing 'yes' and ignoring the consequences).
But that's another subject.
Verisign had for a number of years an email-only cert.
That is, they verified that the email address had someone
or something that answered email.  I beleive that they
called this a 'Class 1' cert.
X.509, PKIX et.al. allow a CA to insert a pointer
to a certificate practice statement, which can define
what the certificate certifies.
Thwate's making free certs difficult has nothing to do
with the usefulness of certs or X.509 or true names or
whatever, and everything to do with maximizing profit.
Since each cert carries a fixed risk of legal issues
(i.e being sued because they certified X who wasn't X)
Verisign/Thwate want to sell a comparatively few expensive
certs instead of a lot of cheap certs.

@_date: 2003-09-04 21:09:11
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Random musing about words and spam 
sfurlong on Thu, Sep 04, 2003 at 09:02:30PM -0400
References:   <200309042102.30612.sfurlong
Many of them space the code words away from the rest of
the subject text, i.e.
"Subject: what if it were true?                                       5258pf2"
I think this is to hide the code word since many mail readers
only show 40-60 characters of the Subject.
I've been id'ing spam by looking for excess whitespace
in the Subject line for a couple years (it's one of
about 200 checks my program makes).  I'm sure
other spam-recognition software does this as well.

@_date: 2003-09-05 10:47:10
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: SSH MITM (was Re: Getting certificates) 
on Thu, Sep 04, 2003 at 10:48:55PM -0700
References: <3F55A5E6.27889.21A7796
  <20030904075632.A13137
  <3F57C157.17850.27FF2D
you'd get the victim's session:
dsniff is a collection of tools for network auditing and penetration
sshmitm and webmitm implement active monkey-in-the-middle
attacks against redirected SSH and HTTPS sessions by exploiting weak
bindings in ad-hoc PKI.
also see  for

@_date: 2003-09-06 08:17:57
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: more SSH MITM 
on Fri, Sep 05, 2003 at 08:25:50PM -0700
References: <3F58F14E.6332.4CB5B84
By checking the key against the IP address of the server.
This is easily spoofed.  The links I included in my last post
pointed to a tool to do just that (plus MITM the ssh protocol).
But even worse, there is no way to ensure that the key
the client has is really the server's key in the first place.
The client gets that key the first time it connects....the
user is shown a fingerprint of the key and asked to
type 'yes' if the user thinks that it's the server's key.
What the user is supposed to do here is to have obtained
the key or its fingerprint in a secure fashion outside
the ssh protocol.  But very few people do.  They
just type 'yes' and accept it.  Hence my original statement.
This makes a MITM attack easy, the attacker simply needs to have his
attack in place when the victim expects the server to have a new key.
He gives his key in place of the servers key, the victim never checks,
and away we go.
Certificates have their own problems, but bare public keys are weak
unless your system provides a good useable OOB authentication.
SSH as normally used doesn't.

@_date: 2003-09-06 08:28:13
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Random musing about words and spam 
05, 2003 at 09:01:51AM -0700
References: <3F58B36F.7F569483
My unscientific observations are that there's at least 6 or 8 different formats.
Some are pretty long, i.e.:
(that one could be encrypted text)
others are short or have only numbers.
My favorite spam-obfuscation technique is where they break up key words
with HTML comments, i.e. penis.
(that won't show if you are using a mail reader that
interprets HTML... read the source).

@_date: 2003-09-12 15:06:25
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: GPG Sig test 
dgerow on Fri, Sep 12, 2003 at 02:08:00PM -0400
References: <1063161092.4940.24.camel
  <20030912180759.GE89520
If someone knows how, please tell me.

@_date: 2003-09-17 11:19:19
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Verisign's Wildcard A-Records and DNSSEC Plans? 
on Tue, Sep 16, 2003 at 05:58:29PM +0200
References: <7C171386-E7F0-11D7-87EC-000A956B4C74
  <200309152200.47038.njohnsn <3F66D559.6060300
ISC is releasing a new BIND to deal with the Verisign land-grab:

@_date: 2004-08-01 08:29:49
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: On how the NSA can be generations ahead 
Sun, Aug 01, 2004 at 10:20:38AM -0500
References: <410C3E5C.8E8891C
  <20040801101818.L45634
More gates == more processing.
It's possible, using technologies like flip-chip.  But its not
as good as having everything on one die.  The interconnects
are limited in number and large in size, so they take up a lot of
Stacked die are also more difficult to keep cool.
4x the gates (roughly) means 4x performance.
Chip performance, especially for highly parellizable things like
key cracking, is determined by the number of gates.

@_date: 2004-08-09 13:22:23
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Olympics snooping 
Unprecedented electronic net over the Olympics
By MIRON VAROUHAKIS, Associated Press Writer
August 9, 2004
ATHENS, Greece (AP) -- If you're going to the Olympics, you'd better be
careful what you say and do in public.
Software will be watching and listening.
Recent leaps in technology have paired highly sophisticated software
with street surveillance cameras to create digital security guards with
intelligence-gathering skills.
`It is a very vast network and it is the first time it is being done
on such a scale at an international level,'' Greek police spokesman
Col. Lefteris Ikonomou told The Associated Press.
The system -- developed by a consortium led by San Diego-based Science
Applications International Corp., or SAIC -- cost about $312 million
and took up a sizable chunk of Athens' record security budget of more
than $1.5 billion.
It gathers images and audio from an electronic web of over 1,000
high-resolution and infrared cameras, 12 patrol boats, 4,000 vehicles,
nine helicopters, a sensor-laden blimp and four mobile command centers.
Spoken words collected by the cameras with speech-recognition software
are transcribed into text that is then searched for patterns along
with other electronic communications entering and leaving the area --
including e-mail and image files.
The system, which includes components already used by U.S. and British
government intelligence agencies, covers all of greater Athens, nine
ports, airports and all other Olympic cities.
Ikonomou said it ``allows the users to manage a critical incident in
the best way possible and in the shortest time possible because they
have all the information in front of them.''
The software used for surveillance camera recordings is designed to spot
and rank possible risks, said Dionysios Dendrinos, general manager of
One Siemens in Greece, one of the companies in the consortium.
``They can distinguish the sound of a flat tire from an explosion or
a gunshot and inform the user at the command center of the incident,''
he said. ``This is also the case with any anomaly in the picture, such
as a traffic jam.''
Technology also allows the users of the system at the main command center
to save and analyze data from the surveillance network and beyond. And
the material from the closed circuit cameras is kept for seven days,
Ikonomou said, so specific incidents can be analyzed in depth.
Much of that analysis is enabled by software from London-based Autonomy
Corp., whose clients include the U.S. National Security Agency, that
parses words and phrases collected by surveillance cameras and in
communications traffic.
In June, the Greek government expanded surveillance powers to screen
mobile and fixed-line telephone calls during the Olympics.
``It listens, reads and watches,'' Dominic Johnson, Autonomy's
chief marketing officer, said of his company's software. Then it
synthesizes. Beyond Greek and English the software understands Arabic,
Farsi and all major European languages, Johnson said.
Other companies in the SAIC consortium include Germany's Siemens AG;
General Dynamics Corp. and Honeywell International Inc. of the United
States; and the Israeli company Elbit Systems. Several Greek companies
also are participating.
According to the contract, the system was to be delivered by May 28,
but due to construction delays at some Olympic venues -- such as the
main Olympic stadium -- it was delivered just weeks before the opening
Nevertheless, Public Order Minister Giorgos Voulgarakis declared last
week that all the security systems were in full deployment and working
There'll be other sniffing going on, of course.
A network of sensors designed to detect chemical agents has also been
deployed near Olympic venues and around the capital, including on the
security blimp.
Advanced technology is also used in the creation of the Olympic
credentials, which use such security features as holograms. All cardholder
information, such as a person's photo and passport number, are printed
on a very thin film designed to make the cards impossible to forge.
The digitally enhanced surveillance net may provide comfort to Olympics
attendees, but not everyone is happy at authorities' computer-aided eyes
and ears.
Several groups have held protests in recent months against what they say
is an invasion of their privacy, and some demonstrators have spray-painted
street cameras, seeking to blind them.
``The Olympic Games are accompanied with extended security measures
that are unprecedented for Greece,'' six human rights groups said in a
protest letter to Greek Parliament in July. ``Although the state's right
to take all necessary measures that it deems necessary is recognized,
there is fear that these measures will have a negative impact on basic
human rights.''

@_date: 2004-08-31 12:29:01
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Backdoor found in Diebold Voting Tabulators 
from sunder on Tue, Aug 31, 2004 at 11:30:35AM -0400
References: Apparently so.  Going to  now just gives:
This Account Has Been Suspended
Please contact the billing/support department as soon as possible.
Interestingly, while the whois info is gone, the DNS records are still around:
% dig blackboxvoting.org any
; <<>> DiG 8.3 <<>> blackboxvoting.org any ;; res options: init recurs defnam dnsrch
;; got answer:
;; ->>HEADER<<- opcode: QUERY, status: NOERROR, id: 4
;; flags: qr rd ra; QUERY: 1, ANSWER: 6, AUTHORITY: 0, ADDITIONAL: 3
;; QUERY SECTION:
;;      blackboxvoting.org, type = ANY, class = IN
;; ANSWER SECTION:
blackboxvoting.org.     4H IN A         69.73.175.26
blackboxvoting.org.     4H IN NS        ns4.nocdirect.com.
blackboxvoting.org.     4H IN NS        ns2.nocdirect.com.
blackboxvoting.org.     4H IN NS        ns3.nocdirect.com.
blackboxvoting.org.     4H IN SOA       ns3.nocdirect.com. admin.nocdirect.com. (
                                        2004081101      ; serial
                                        4H              ; refresh
                                        2H              ; retry
                                        5w6d16h         ; expiry
                                        1D )            ; minimum
blackboxvoting.org.     4H IN MX        0 blackboxvoting.org.

@_date: 2004-12-22 20:36:36
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: An interesting thread...Hacking Bluetooth 
camera_lumina on Wed, Dec 22, 2004 at 09:48:01PM -0500
References: <20041222223658.GK9221
If he sounds like Dave Emory, then there isn't much debunking that's required.
Food for thought and grounds for further research,

@_date: 2004-02-13 14:08:13
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Windows source leaked? 
13, 2004 at 11:45:34AM -0800
References: <402D295E.65C6F8C9
(in reply to someone else)
I disagree.  I don't have time to look up the cases now
but there have been a number of cases of companies being sued for
(effectively) their programmers having SEEN some other code.
The theory being that they are somehow contaminated with
the valuable ideas embodied within and are helpless to resist
implementing them.  This has resulted in
many companies having "chinese walls" between some programming
groups who are working on a version of a competitors product that
the company has the code for.
This may not be "right", but it was extremely common in the early 90s.
It's very expensive so I would be quite suprised if there was not
strong case law on this.
They'd just alledge that you had, and then have "discovery"
all through your files.  Essentially any program could look
like an "infriging work" to some judge somewhere.
If I were a conspiracy theorist I'd say tha MS released the code
themselves just for this reason.

@_date: 2004-02-13 15:45:26
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Windows source leaked? 
13, 2004 at 03:25:11PM -0800
References: <402D5CD7.8E3DF537
Of course.
Here's an example of MS using BSD code:
and another:

@_date: 2004-01-14 11:08:54
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: new CDR node? 
from anmetet on Wed, Jan 14, 2004 at 04:27:08AM
  -0500
References: <20040112154759.A19833
That means that more posts from list members languish awaiting forwarding.

@_date: 2004-01-15 08:03:24
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: LNE CDR shutting down now 
The LNE node of the cypherpunks list will be shut down
after this message.  If you want to stay on cypherpunks
you'll need to subscribe to another node.
 has a list of CDRs.

@_date: 2004-01-27 15:58:08
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Howard Dean wants national IDs, internet drivers licenses. 
ptrei on Mon, Jan 26, 2004 at 10:09:31AM -0500
References: Deans campaign licenses Wave technology.  The speech
he gave below was at a Wave-sponsored conference.
Dean's campaign manager is a former Wavoid.
Be scared.  He's either completely clueless, knows but
doesn't care, or owned.

@_date: 2004-07-17 08:51:29
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: FIPS chassis/linux security engineer? 
Does anyone know of a manufacturer of FIPS 140 certified or
certifiable 1u/2u rack mount chassis?
For a seperate project, does anyone know of a small linux-ready/able
box with ethernet?
Gumstix looks cool but I need hardwire networking.
Last, I'm looking for a Linux expert security engineer in the SF
bay area.  (I'm managing a security group at a startup that has
been shipping products to paying customers for a few years.  No its
not lne.com, this just address I use to post).
This person will need to know linux/unix OS security/hardening _in
depth_ and also have an understanding of crypto APIs (writing them not
using them) plus significant industry experience.  Sorry, no relocation

@_date: 2004-06-09 10:10:10
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: recent brute-force work factor calculations 
Does anyone know of a recent brute-force work
factor calculation for the various common symmetric ciphers?
I.e.   it'll take X 3.2gh Xeons Y years to brute cipher Z.
I know there's a table of these in Schneier and there's the "Seven
Cryptographers" paper but they're both pretty old at this point.
I'm just looking for an approximation.

@_date: 2004-03-30 20:19:01
@_author: ericm at lne.com 
@_subject: The Gilmore Dimissal 
30, 2004 at 06:43:21PM -0800
References: <406A3049.F1F4C5DC
It doesn't.
You'll get harassed by cops if they stop you though.
They can't do anything; they're just unhappy about citizens
who don't show their papers.
No one gets those.
But its possible that over-zealous cops could seize your $5000 Lightspeed
because it doesn't have a $2 city sticker... for every city you ride

@_date: 2004-11-11 06:50:56
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: nyms being attacked by malware 
from mixmaster on Thu, Nov 11, 2004 at 10:16:11AM
  +0100
References: <93e78886fe6b61fe022e1dd43d48f079
Spammers probe SMTP servers for valid names using dictionary attacks.
It's difficult to set up an SMTP server that will
accept mail for an address and not also give up
the information that the address is valid.

@_date: 2004-10-30 12:26:02
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: bin Laden gets a Promotion 
camera_lumina on Sat, Oct 30, 2004 at 02:29:51PM -0400
References: Bush needs bin Laden to be as scary as possible.
I'm amused by the timing.  Its almost as if they're both
following Karl Rove's playbook.

@_date: 2005-02-04 06:28:33
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Dell to Add Security Chip to PCs 
skquinn on Thu, Feb 03, 2005 at 11:45:01PM -0600
References: <171698b6a6b2c59c7b495fd1259d66b0
  <1107495901.4338.5.camel
The TCPA chip verifies the (signature on the) BIOS and the OS.
So the software driver is the one that's trusted by the TCPA chip.
Plus the private key is kept in the chip, so it can't
be read by your emulator.  If your emulator picks its own key pair
then its attesations will be detected as invalid by a
relying party that's using the real TCPA public keys.

@_date: 2005-02-16 07:31:23
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] SHA1 broken? 
rah on Wed, Feb 16, 2005 at 07:55:15AM -0500
References: In applications where collisions are important, SHA1 is now
effectively 69 bits as opposed to 80.
That's not very much, and odds are there will be an improvement on
this attack in the near future.

@_date: 2005-02-16 07:52:28
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: How to Stop Junk E-Mail: Charge for the Stamp 
on Wed, Feb 16, 2005 at 03:29:21PM +0000
References:   <421366D1.9010802
Better start on those defenses now then-
there is already significant amounts of IM and SMS spam.
I would be suprised if the people designing IM and SMS systems
have learned much from the failures of SMTP et al.

@_date: 2005-10-14 09:35:16
@_author: ericm at lne.com 
@_subject: cypherpunks subscription 
References: <76mvk1l5khficg23ke6bgg5682sbgmn03i
Send subscription requests to  majordomo at al-qaeda.net, NOT to
the list itself.

@_date: 2006-01-20 11:08:47
@_author: ericm at lne.com 
@_subject: Commercial Key Escrow? 
Does anyone know of a company that provides a commercial key escrow service?

@_date: 2006-01-20 13:26:35
@_author: ericm at lne.com 
@_subject: Commercial Key Escrow? 
References: <20060120190847.GA28781
I assume that readers of this list know the difference
between commercial key escrow and GAK.
I'm looking for someone who provides an actual commercial key escrow service, not double encryption with a master key.
The usual offsite data storage outfits are set up to deal with
large volumes of not so sensitive data, not small amounts of
very sensitive data.  They also disclaim any responsibility for
the security of the data, which won't work for this application.

@_date: 2006-01-20 14:10:54
@_author: ericm at lne.com 
@_subject: Commercial Key Escrow? 
References: <20060120190847.GA28781
  <20060120212635.GB28781
In some cases, yes.  But not for this application.
I really am looking for a commercial trusted third party to hold keys.
I've found a bunch of references from ~10 years ago that say
that someday commercial key escrow will be prevalent
but it appears that someday hasn't yet arrived.
My problem is in many ways similar to the problem a CA would face
in ensuring business continuity in a business that depends on
keeping secrets.
What does say Verisign do to back up their root CA private keys?
They probably have a bunch of BBN SafeKeypers (or rather the modern
equivalent FIPS-140 hardware).  What if all of them croak at the same time?
Do they keep multiple backups?  What happens if the keys/passphrases
for those backups are lost?
Or secret sharing?  What if N-(K+1) shares are destroyed?  Do they
just quit the CA business then?  There presumeably are scenerios
under which that is the only answer, and Verisign has judged their
possibility to be so remote and/or their solution cost so high
that they are not worth defending against.
What would Verisign do if they didn't have security experts to
decide what's an acceptable risk and what isn't, and instead
just wanted to have someone else deal with the problem for them?

@_date: 2010-07-12 10:36:38
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Intel to also add RNG 
References:   <20100712122251.5d2ad614
I completely agree.  But HW RNGs are a pain in a lot of ways- modern chip
design libraries don't include RNG modules.  You have to make your own.
Verification software won't verify it and considers it an error.
When it runs it sucks a lot of power and generates a lot of heat.
Not a problem for Intel, but if you're using a contract fab (TSMC)
they probably won't guarantee that part of your chip will even work
because according to chip design rules, it's wrong.
Then there's FIPS- current 140 doesn't have a provision for HW RNG.
They certify software RNG only, presumeably because proving a HW RNG to be
random enough is very difficult.   So what's probably the primary market (companies who want to meet FIPS) isn't available.
So while I think it'd be great to have a decent RNG on chip
(no more blocking on /dev/random!) I don't see it being much of
a market advantage and would not be surprised if it never makes it in
to a shipping product.
Mixing the output with something else would address any lack of randomness
either deliberate or accidental... but still wouldn't meet FIPS.
BTW Intel isn't close to the first to put an RNG on a CPU chip. I worked for
a company in the late 1990s that did it and I'm sure we wern't the first.

@_date: 2010-07-12 13:13:44
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Intel to also add RNG 
References:   <20100712122251.5d2ad614
  <20100712173638.GA26794
Last FIPS cert I did (140-2, a couple years ago), it was SWRNG only. X9.62 or FIPS 186 or X9.31 or SP 800-90.
I couldn't even use a HW RNG for the seed.  /dev/random was acceptable.
True that.

@_date: 2013-08-19 17:01:58
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Avaaz in "grave danger" due to GMail spam filters 
References: <7753449.v5aJnrzhsU
 <20130819093642.GA19173
 <2231951.HaiaVyPRDn <20130819155528.GB19173
 <5212488E.5070807 <52127CA8.1020409
 <20130819204758.GG19173
Matt Blaze posted a tweet that's appropos yesterday:
"anyone who thinks users who misunderstand technology don't "deserve" privacy doesn't "deserve" to be a security engineer."

@_date: 2013-08-22 17:51:07
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: HTTPS 
References: <20130822160927.GX29404
 <20130823002543.GA7611
About three years ago I looked at that code on WebOS (Palm smart
phones).  The code came from Webkit which is what Google's and Apple's
browsers were based on.
It did not accept *.com, certainly not *., and had some complex logic
to decide what to accept.  I doubt that Mozilla accepts *.com or *. as
Few modern CAs issue certs with wildcards in the CN. Instead they use
the SubjectAlternateName extension which can have multiple entries,
reducing or eliminating the need for wildcards.
