
@_date: 1996-10-10 00:48:41
@_author: Eric Verheul 
@_subject: AW: Binding cryptography - a fraud! 
First of all, that (and the legitimacy of "wiretaps" in general) is something that should
be regulated in national law (including procedures, checks and balances, penalities). Maybe
you have the opinion that that is impossible to achieve, [or at least that making wiretapping
as such by government impossible is the only satisfactory way of doing it (-; ]. Our concept
assumes that it is possible and acceptable, although legislation (and especially appliance of
it) in some countries might be improved..
Second, the concept is flexible in the choice of Trusted Retrieval Parties; we have the opinion
that if you don't trust the existing TRPs then, hey, setup your own TRP. We believe that should be possible (and forsee serveral "privacy-protecting" organisations doing so). However, as you don't
want to have criminals setting up TRPs, some legislation on this point should be made...
Finally, as said in the announcement:
"In [VKT], we explain how we envision the framework in which the binding
concept could present a security tool in the information society."
Wait a minute. It is a *voluntary* system, but it has some rules that apply. The whole
idea here is: if you don't like it, use your own system. "Fraude" refers to using the
system without sticking to its rules, maybe fraude has a wrong connotation.
Depends, it might be childrens pornography. The information society is *not* about
bits, but about information.
In a democratic country one needs evidence to convict someone.
Code is checked (on protocol compliance) by third parties all the time. should not get any wiser from it, that is the point.
Thanks for the feedback, Eric Verheul

@_date: 1996-10-10 08:21:48
@_author: Eric Verheul 
@_subject: AW: Binding cryptography - a fraud-detectible alternative to key-esc 
No. In the scheme Law Enforcement (that is your LE, right?) agencies are never
handed over the private keys of Trusted Retrieval Parties (TRPs), only the session
keys. So for each sessionkey LEs will have to go to a TRP. Moreover, the choice
of TRPs should be large, so the idea is that you can always pick one you trust. Or
set up your own, for that matter... [stuff deleted]
In our scheme any third party, which is probably never a TRP, can check
equality of the sessionkeys send to the primary recipient (the TRP) and
the second recipient (the real adressee), i.e. *without* needing secret
information! In your suggestion checking can only be done with secret
information (you need the secret key of the primary recipient). Also,
"random padding" information of the second recipient is very secret as well, just compare the results Don Coppersmith presented on Eurocrypt97: if you
know the enough padding you know it all. So for instance sending
along the padding info along will make any key-escrow superflous (-;
As far as we are concerned, anybody - willing to follow regulating - can set
up his own TRP.
      > (Not that I,
Who is they, governments as a whole? If you simplify discussions in this
way, I might as well say: "you guys only want to help criminals". I understand
your fears, but don't exaggerate.
Eric Verheul

@_date: 1996-10-10 13:15:57
@_author: Eric Verheul 
@_subject: AW: Binding cryptography - a fraud! 
Censorship is something else than demanding (and checking) that people comply
with the policy of a voluntary system. Would you consider Microsoft sueing users
of illegal Microsoft software also a "censorship".
There is no harm in firing at somebody, harm is only done when hit somebody.
Distribution is part of the manufactury process. Don't go to Belgium for a
vacation, and start stating these kind of things. I agree to some extend that our system could be used in a totalitarian country, to make
certain censorship possible. On the other hand, it doesn't make their job especially easy:
they can forbid and control any type of "strange" data, i.e. encrypted data. One could
argue that our system at least gives security between citizens. The whole problem is that you don't trust your government, well I do (till some
extend). I get the impression that this is a typical USA problem.
Eric

@_date: 1996-10-11 00:30:09
@_author: Eric Verheul 
@_subject: AW: AW: Binding cryptography - a fraud! 
Of course, we europeans are too civilized to go into these
kind of childish discussions.

@_date: 1996-10-14 15:19:24
@_author: Eric Verheul 
@_subject: binding cryptography 
They could, however, take random checks which could also be
performed off-line (after the connection was established or even already finished again). Remember we called it fraud-*detecting* not fraud-*preventing*.
BTW, some people on the cypherpunks list seem to think that you can't fraude with a *voluntary* system. However, that is possible: when you do not comply with the *agreed* rules of conduct then the phrase "fraude" is appropriate. The same holds, for instance, when you make copies of microsoft word and resell them. Then you don't comply to the rules that you voluntarily agreed to when buying it...
I agree, that is inevitable.
Can you imagine what would happen if governments would (help to) set up a system that has no safeguards at all, i.e.  that could give criminals all the anonimity and confidentiality they need? Governments can't probably prevent criminals and the like to use encryption to stay out of sight of law enforcement agencies, but they should not facilitate them either. In the next few years all kinds of "standard" commerical software will come on the market with all kinds of standard security in it. I don't want criminals to be happy with Custom of The Shelf products for security, let them work for their security.
One might say, binding cryptography, like several
We have set up the TRPs in such a flexible way that anybody could find one he can trust, one might even set up his own TRP. Also in the paper we describe how two or more TRPs could be used. Maybe some countries don't want TRP at all. The bottom line is that law-abiding citizens always have to give up some of their freedom to stop criminals (that is why you have to have registration plates on your car, a lock on your car, bicycle, house etc.). That is a fact of life; one I hate. So the point is: where is the middle of giving up freedom and stopping criminals? Well, I think that our concept gives a flexible way of implementing any national middle.. I agree with some of the poster to cypherpunks that governments involves the general public too less in the determination of this middle (some posters said it more strongly). Cryptopolicy is not a binary discussion; although some posters on this list seem to think so.
You are absolutely right. However, as said above if governments (help to) set up a security system then they should at least attempt to make criminal abuse difficult. The lock on my bicycle is not really 100% either (as I found out quite to often); if I'd no lock at all I would have a lot more problems. Also, I am *not* for a mandatory system.
Best regards, Eric

@_date: 1996-10-15 08:24:52
@_author: Eric Verheul 
@_subject: AW: binding cryptography 
On dinsdag 15 oktober 1996 14:09, Roy M. That is correct. Sorry that the BTW-statement is so evident. Some people did not understand that if you *do* agree, then you *can* be breaking any I do not agree. For instance, the encryption possibilities of wordperfect, and MS-word are weak; my mail-system (ms-exchange) does not have any encryption at all. The security of these important Custom of The Shelf products can and will be enhanced..
The point is that public available systems should *aid* not them in their criminal activities, let them search for alternatives. Compare it with the legislation we have here on the sell of guns. You sort of say: hey, that does not help cause criminals will get it somewhere. I say, that is true, but it will make their lifes more difficult, or maybe I should say less Our system slows down criminals too, or maybe I'd better say does not speed them up.
Locking my house and my car, certainly limits my freedom too because it gives me
the risc of losing the key (happened a few times). Finding the middle of losing freedom by law-abiding citizens on the one hand and stopping criminals on the other hand is an important issue in any democracy. We believe our system gives a solution in which every democratic country on his own implement to their middle, without losing connectivity with countries that think otherwise.

@_date: 1996-10-16 01:43:05
@_author: Eric Verheul 
@_subject: AW: Binding cryptography - a fraud-detectible alternative to key-escrow 
I agree that binding cryptography, or any "recovery" system can be subverted
by nesting another cryptosystem into it. However, the advantages gained this way - in my
opinion are small; people wanting to do this might as well use/make their own system.
Compare this with the simple "recovery" system where users are obliged (*if* they voluntarily agree
to *use* the system) to send along a session key encrypted with a public key of a Key Recovery
Agent, and where *no* binding data is required. Then it would be trivial to convert this system
into a criminally useful one - by a simple manipulation in software - with:
- *not* having to build another cryptosystem (and its key-management) into the system;
- packets send can by no means be distinguished by third parties from "correct" ones.
As we liked the flexibility of choice in Key Recovery Agents of this system (which in our
opinion amplifies privacy properties of the scheme) we proposed binding cryptography, as
a middle between non-liberal private key escrow and the too liberal simple "recovery" system. We know, see above.
I think that architectural problems with key-escrow systems are more
difficult than that associated with our scheme. The NRC study in fact
raises the question of key-escrow on a large scale is at all possible.
I respect your opinion, but I think there is a middle ground. Maybe you should be
ashamed for not realizing the future problems that arise when even the part of the
Global information superhighway that is paid for by society can be very conveniently
used by criminals to harm society.

@_date: 1996-10-16 08:21:11
@_author: Eric Verheul 
@_subject: AW: (Fwd) Binding cryptography - much work, little point ? 
One can imagine that included in the certified key of a TRP is a statement
like "PKI-ROLE = Trusted Retrieval Party". As it is certified by a higher order (e.g. a root of the PKI) it can be verified.
