
@_date: 1997-08-21 00:10:43
@_author: Fabrice Planchon 
@_subject: Encrypted talk 
Unless ssh is already installed for all concerned parties, it's going to
be a royal pain. There is actually a pgptalk somewhere, based on ytalk,
which works quite well and should compile under linux. Don't remember
where I found it, but an archie search on pgptalk will tell you.
                      F.

@_date: 1997-12-17 12:35:44
@_author: Fabrice Planchon 
@_subject: The Joys of Being Canadian 
Or both of them, actually (NJ...)
On a previous (shorter) stay in the US, I didn't have a SSN. Yet I got a
DL (with my passport) (this was Missouri). And after a few long
discussions on the phone on why I didn't have a SSN, I gave up the
explanations and started giving my french SSN (after all, it was a valid
answer to the question "what is your social security number"), actually
a substring. Interestly enough, SSNs in France are not supposed to be
used for identification or taxes purposes, just for medical purposes
IIRC. A recent project by the government to link medical databases and
tax database opened a controversial discussion...
                         F.

@_date: 1997-06-22 04:14:56
@_author: Fabrice Planchon 
@_subject: RC5 crack 
Comme disait Adam Back (aba at dcs.ex.ac.uk):
seems they are in the final process of rewriting clients entirely, with
a new protocol, etc... so they don't bother explaining how the old
clients work. Still, I agree it sucks.
here is the best that I found on that subject in the rc5 list archive..
   rc5.exe -l -a outland.hway.net -a2 rc5proxy.distributed.net -s -k 20
   jonass at lysator.liu.se
   -l is logging (writes to a file)
   -a primary server to use
   -a2 secondary server
   -s shows status
   -k number of blocks to buffer local. The larger number the less you
   have to be online
   This does not hide it, but that is what I like.
   You start it (beeing online), wait until it got all blocks and then
   go offline. Later you can go online any time. It will report any
   blocks finished and get new ones to fill up the 20 slots buffer.
   Unless you use the -o option or the -z option the client will try to
   connect every 2 minutes after finishing the first block so be careful
   if you have any kind of dial-on-demand.
and from strings you get
Usage: %s [-m] [-n level] [-c count] [-h hours]
       [-a ] [-p ] doesn't say that much... but you can try the -k option to see if it
works with the linux client.  I don't need that as I am on-line anyway.
there have been some discussions about that on the list, they seem to
fair bogus datas sent to the servers. Kind of makes sense, but they
could at least release the core source without the communication
                    F.

@_date: 1997-11-11 09:30:43
@_author: Fabrice Planchon 
@_subject: Bell vs. Woodward--justice? 
I just read the judge statement and found it rather good. It seems to me
that he explains quite well the motivations of his decisions and so
on. Now, wether he would have taken time to deeply think about the issue
if the whole thing was taking place in a small american town with a
babysitter from the neighborhood and no big media coverage, we don't
know. It seems that the only thing which can be argued is wether the
final sentence is appropriate or not. I guess the media will provide us
with statistics on "how long you have to stay in prison when you have
been convicted of manslaughter". I would expect a few years. She finally
spent a little bit more than one year. Ok. Still, from what we have seen
of the american justice system in the past few years, I feel like this
is an improvement, where common sense takes over money, racial issues,
politics, etc. Or am I fooled by the media ;-) ?
As I said, she served some time waiting for her trial, too. Don't you
think you are shooting the wrong target here ? I mean, I certainly agree
that what's happening to Jim Bell seems like a parody of justice (and
you have Mitnick, too, and other examples can be found), but why to make
a comparaison between the two (or, let me rephrase it, as you have
actually all the rights to make a comparaison, it terms of how long did
the procedure take, and so on), why would you say "as the judicial
system is not working with Jim Bell, it shouldn't be working with the
babysitter" ? or explain why you think it would be a fair sentence to
let her in jail for the rest of her life ? (well, ok, at least 15 years
before parole)
                        F.

@_date: 1997-11-20 13:50:27
@_author: Fabrice Planchon 
@_subject: Report on UN conference on Internet and racism 
yeah yeah, sure. Because history tells you they didn't, perhaps ? They
lost. Period. Even in south america, where they were better organized
and quickly realized they had to fight, they lost. A matter of
technology, I would say....
History shows that protectionism doesn't lead anywhere usually. I think
your whole point is flawed, anyway. On one hand you complained about a
gouvernement which takes your money in taxes, and on the other hand you
want the same gouvernement to protect you from the invading mexican scum
? I don't get it. Freedom means freedom of move, and that means that
people will go where they think they can get a better life, wether you
like it or not. Besides, over the past century, a good deal of
interesting people in this country have been emigrants, anyway. So, at
least, you should phrase your point like this "I don't care if an indian
software engineer comes in California, but I don't want to see mexicans
unless they have a PhD". At least that way you will be more coherent.
Actually, it is for a good part. As a few european countries are
responsable for the current shitty situation in their former colonies,
the US aren't clean either when you look at what's going on in south
america. Like it or not. Somehow you want to eat the cake and have it all.
If you (I mean this country) had had this attitude in the past, I don't
think you would be where you are today.
Being in what is supposed to be one of the best academic places around,
I can tell you that if you were to round up and send back home all the
people who don't carry a US passport you wouldn't be left with that
much. (Please avoid saying "oh well, these have a green card and can
legally stay. My whole point is that if borders shouln't have a sense
when money, software, ideas, speech, whatever are concerned, this
applies to people as well. Otherwise your logic is different from what I
was taught)
You may own your house and the garden which surrounds it, but otherwise
I doubt you have any more right than me, a random mexican, the guy next
door, on the street which passes by. Or to say it better, you can't
enforce any claimed right. Maybe you can on your street, but what about
the next street ? and the next ? What are you going to do ? create a
militia to defend a few blocks ? and then a bigger one to defend your
town ? pretty soon you will have a nice organization, collecting taxes
to pay the guards at the border of the territory. That's called a
gouvernement ;-)                           F.

@_date: 1997-11-24 12:19:42
@_author: Fabrice Planchon 
@_subject: Further costs of war (fwd) 
I guess what Tim means is at some point a equilibrium is reached, such
as in this case 2 dominant players (Japan and USA) face each other and
rather coexist than fight, because trading is more beneficial to them
than war. The problem with such a theory is that it supposes both actors
are intelligent enough to figure out when war isn't the best
solution. In that particular case, I have little to no faith in the
japanese side...
Hum hum. I frankly doubt that. Somehow your ability to expand durably
depends on your ability to keep your new possessions. While occupying
France, using a satellite gouvernment, isn't that hard, occupying Russia
(for the germans) and China (for the japanese) is another, quite
impossible, task if you don't get the population support (or, at least,
indifference). So, if Hitler had known better, he would have stuck to
western europe...
This is a better argument than the domino theory you were suggesting for
the Pacific front. If countries like France, England (and Italy, as
Mussolini wasn't particulary fond of Hitler in the beginning of the
30's) had been smarter, they could have dealt with Hitler differently
when he successively invaded his smallest "german speaking"
neighbours. Of course, if you go that way, you may as well rewrite the
Versailles treaty to avoid what happened in Germany latter. Always easy
to rewrite history when you know what happened....
Justifiable as "we (the states of the Union) were invaded by the British
?". Actually, don't you think you deserved that one as the same states
tried to invade (then british) Canada, hoping GB was to busy dealing
with Napoleon ? Or correct me if I am wrong ? if you take that path, the
last justifiable war is the independence one.
Once again, if 1812 the invasion actually occured, when during WWII it
was merely a possibility. You see it as certain, Time probably doesn't,
and it's a matter of opinions more than anything. Being born in Paris I
am personnally rather glad the US decided to come over ;-)
                            F.

@_date: 1997-11-25 02:14:48
@_author: Fabrice Planchon 
@_subject: Further costs of war (fwd) 
Reread what you quoted below, and you will see that I don't want to
debate over wether or not in a frontal clash between USSR and Japan the
japanese army wins or not. I will grant you they win the first
battle. The same way the germans won for a while... And even admittedly
if you destroy the organised forces from your enemy, it doesn't mean you
are done. You are only if you manage to get the population on your
side. Dimitri makes a very good point in his post, saying that the
germans fucked up in the west, as they could have taken great advantage
from being seen as liberators. As for "Moscow fall, Stalin  fall",
remember Napoleon ?
Yeah, he was stupid. That's my point ;-)
Ultimatly this cost them the game. Not enough men. Had the situation
last a little longer, japanese occupation forces in China would have
faced some serious problems (they were already, actually).
Well, in 34 it wasn't yet the case: when there were serious rumors that
Hitler might be tempted to invade Austria, Mussolini moved troops close
to his autrian border. He was a close friend of the austrian prime
minister of the time (later to be killed...). How Mussolini changed his
mind is a mix of his internal situation in Italy, and his rejection by
the rest of Europe...
I think you are the one playing games, not me. Once again, I don't
disagree with you on the fact that the US made the right decision
anyway. But had they waited until Hitler was knocking on their door it
wouldn't probably have changed the issue by much. (I would be a native
german-speaker, perhaps...)
                         F.

@_date: 1997-11-25 11:16:32
@_author: Fabrice Planchon 
@_subject: Further costs of war 
Oups... of course I made a typo, and everybody read "in 1812
And yes it counts and I like it (just because the initial reason for
this mess was the tentative to take over Canada, and it just illustrates
that the US were already as any other country, trying to take over their
neighbours ;-) Of course nowadays you don't see that they miserabily
failed on that occasion)
                             F.

@_date: 1997-11-25 14:50:23
@_author: Fabrice Planchon 
@_subject: Further costs of war (fwd) 
[ok, there we go again... this will be my last post on the subject which
is way-off topic by now. If it wasn't for the reference to Vichy I
wouldn't answer on the list]
That's where we disagree (and other too, I hope). For one thing, you say
yourself "the current unitary position". I don't think today you could
that easily invade Canada, in a remake of 1812 and get away with it that
easily. That, and the fact the concept of nations is dead, or soon to be
(insert here your favorite rant on crypto-anarchy).
Reread my previous posts, I was careful enough to mention Vichy, knowing
that it would pop up later, as a cheap shot. So, I said something like
it works only if you get the approval of the locals, or at least their
indifference (example: Vichy). Discussions of why and how this was
possible is beyond the scope of the current argument, and I don't feel
particulary bound to defend the weakness of my fellow countrymen during
this period. I will just add that even if the population was generally
quiet, the resistance activity was still a constant nuisance. So,
slightly ahead from such a situation, you have, pick up the one you
like, Afghanistan, Tchetchenia (or whatever the english word is), former
Yugoslavia, Vietnam, Algeria (now and when the bad guys were the french)
were maintaining order is a PITA.
As for North Africa, I am not sure about what you are refering to, but
say when the americans arrived in 43, despite orders to resist there
weren't a lot of fights (certainly no fight would have been better but
tension accounts for a great part. Remember Mers-el-Kebir ?)
I never challenged any of these facts. I just gave you one, proving that
Mussolini position changed from hostility to friendship. That's
all. Check the facts I mentionned.
                       F.

@_date: 1997-10-19 13:51:13
@_author: Fabrice Planchon 
@_subject: Security flaws introduced by "other readers" in CMR 
I am not sure you can really say they are the NSA equivalent. I would
rather say they are the equivalent of, say, the office in the dpt of
commerce which gives the export authorizations in the US. What I mean is
that I doubt they are listening to anybody. Other french agencies do
that (and each agency, wether its depends on the police, like DST, RG,
or the army, DGSE, DSM, has its own group of people listening to anybody
they like). A normal police department could do it too, but then they
will need a warrant of some kind. None of the agencies above probably
bothers with things like that, as they will usually say "secret d�fense"
if they are asked questions (some french equivalent of "national
I would say people who wrote the current law 2 years ago didn't have a
clue on the technical issues, anyway. That's why we are still waiting
for the "decrets d'application", which are the set of rules on how the
law will be enforced. Somehow I would bet they are waiting to see where
the wind blow at the international level.
It's in french, so I won't quote. The article has a very neutral
position, but they point out exactly the same thing as you.
I know at least one academic site where system administrator were
prevented from switching to ssh because of the legal issue. Seems the
campus administration folks wanted to protect their asses...
I don't have the technical expertise to discuss your proposal, so I
won't (seems less snoop friendly to me than the PGP5.5 solution,
still). But what I certainly fail to understand is why PGP inc (and
people who support them) is focusing on a solution which allows to
intercept and read e-mail in transit. That inherently evil, no matter
you put it. And the "hit by a truck" hypothesis doesn't stand a minute
in real life (Yah, shit happens, so what ?). The (legitimate) needs of a
company can be achieved via an agreement with its employees, on how data
are stored, backed, duplicated, whatever, and it has merely nothing to
do with cryptography. Or am I missing something obvious ?
And as far as the "legitimate needs of the law enforcement agencies",
well, if they want to read e-mail sent by an employee from his company
account because he is a potential drug dealer, they can obtain the
proper authorization from the court and snoop on the guy from within the
company. As usual, the weakest link is the guy typing on his keyboard,
as I doubt anybody speaks IDEA fluently...(even rot13 I am
skeptical. Crime organizations in Paris at the beginning of the century
were using "Javanais", which was a very basic code, but sufficient to
confuse the police)
So why isn't everybody focusing on being sure the transport layer is
secure, and leave to social interaction at both end of the communication
process the problem of recovery of whatever was transmitted ? (which, I
feel dumb for saying it, was in clear at some point before being sent,
and will be when it will be read...)
Sounds fair to me.
And he needs proper authorization before coming. And yes, it takes time
but that's the price to pay in a system with separation of powers.
Yes, yes, yes. And still I am sure that we will hear objections to
that... sigh....
                        F.

@_date: 1997-10-20 02:51:28
@_author: Fabrice Planchon 
@_subject: Security flaws introduced by "other readers" in CMR 
I think what caused me to answer was in part your words "changing
position": let's say that up to recently, the french govt position was
no crypto at all (except for authorized entities, and only weak, ie
breakable, crypto). Given the trend on that issue, related to on-line
commerce and so on (the reader has to keep in mind that in France I
seriously doubt the average politician has an idea of what this
means. At best they know the french minitel, which is completely
different), they felt some pressure to change the law in order to permit
the use of crypto. So the move was, well, let's authorize strong crypto
but let's keep the keys. Understandable point of vue, I would say. They
want that because they feel it means statu quo for them, and that's
all. All political issues aside, the technical issues are ignored,
because the guys who decide have no clue, and they probably don't listen
to their own experts who would say that TTP, GAK, key recovery,
whatever, are not that easy to design, implement, and maintain on a
everyday basis. And for that matter, I don't think the situation is that
much different in other western countries, US included.
Yeah, probably. But there is another problem, anyway: some countries
within the EC won't pass any legislation restricting cryto, I think. So
any country within the EC having such a legislation is likely to have
trouble with its partners at some point. Somehow it's like Chirac who
decided to maintain customs with Belgium because people go to Amsterdam
to buy drugs. But in the meanwhile, the border with Germany no longer
has customs, so you drive through Germany to Holland and that's it. So,
it's utterly inefficient, but on the domestic political scene, he can
appear as been strong on drugs.
They do: the title is "Le programme PGP se range", which I unfortunatly
have know idea of how to translate. And then, they say (I loosely
translate, my english is better than our MISTY friend's, but not perfect
The last version, aimed at compagnies, of this crypto software (still
banned from use in France) includes the highly controversial feature
known as key escrow.
Of course this system has advantages: when an employee is sick or away,
you can access his files. But, it's reasonnable to think that such a
system could be used for spying purposes.
Within the governement, the key escrow proposal is seriously
challenged. Some, in charge of national security, favor it as necessary
to decrypt terrorists or drug dealer messages, and others, more
concerned by privacy, are against it. In France, the governement chose
this option of TTP.
[Note: somehow this last sentence is in contradiction with the previous
one. It's *not* a side effect of my translation...]
Then, the article recalls that the situation was different in the US,
and that the FBI would like to have something like key escrow, but that
a recent proposal was defeated in congress. They finally recall how PGP
is widely available all over the world, and how the last version was
exported as a book to defeat the export controls.
So, I certainly agree with you that the proGAK have won, or will. As
long as they don't enforce the current laws, as an individual I don't
care. But I fear, as you do, that as soon as you have things like pgp
5.5 which are available, they will start saying "use this or go to jail".
I think, but I might be wrong, that they have at least to reasons, which
have already be given:
-first, what they did was somehow "easy" (don't jump on me, I don't
write code !!) to implement within the existing code. This is reflected
by what W.Geiger said, that anything pgp5.5 does he could do with
scripts in the old version. Or at least a good part of it.
-second, they don't know what will happen in 12 months, so they cover
their asses. I hope this isn't true, but it's a matter of personnal
opinion more than anything else.
A quick search on the MIT key server tells you that there are 538 valid
keys registered with an *.fr address.
If you remove all keys registered in 97, you are left with 232. Remove
96, it goes down to 132, 95 -> 39 and then I know a fair number of them
So, it seems to me that the number of illegal users is growing up,
Interesly enough, most of the registered users are registered with
personnal e-mail addresses, not compagnies e-mail addresses, if you
except academic sites. As I said before, I guess they did it this way by lazyness more than
anything else. I think your solution requires more thinking, new code,
and all that sort of things. More brain demanding, in some sense (and
time consuming, whereas their solution is ready, works, can be sold,
makes the compagny make profits, and so on). So, arguing with political
arguments doesn't stand a chance against a market driven compagny, be it
PGP with all its reputation capital. Everybody should concentrate on
technical issues, and several of these have been pointed out, by you and
Well, facts are that it is the current situation, and IIRC what TM what
saying. Once again, in term of costs, it's the easiest solution. And
within a compagny, in a trusted environment, it doesn't matter wether
your hard drive is encrypted. Things which need protection from inside
snooping are usually protected via other more traditionnal
mechanisms. Safe, locks, and so on. If you think to locks, which are
often compared to crypto, most people fail to see that locks are not
made to prevent somebody to break in: they are designed to make the
break-in difficult. Your house door lock is probably pickable in a
matter of minutes (standard locks seem to be really easy to pick in the
US, but I digress...). Locks in a bank are not. So, as for crypto,
difficult is replaced by virtually impossible, you have to think twice
before encrypting something: it's the reverse argument, it is so
valuable that I might stand a chance to be unable to recover it ?
This is, of course, purely a storage issue. And I like the idea (Bill
Stewart's ?) of implementing a mechanism which would simply "weaken" the
storage key, so that if it's lost, you can recover the missing part by
brute force. I think it's Jon Callas who made a related analogy with a car and what
happens if you have the lost your key: bad example. Suppose you want to
buy a car, and the dealer tells you, I have this new security feature,
unbreakable. Only drawback, if the (unique) key is lost, you can tow
away the car. Well, I won't buy it. Nobody will. (while we are on car
locks, car makers use the same lock on several cars, so if you have an
honda accord, you have a non zero probability of opening a random other
honda accord, albeit very low). Anyway, the car problem is like a
storage problem, and has to be adressed as such. Nothing to do with
securing a (temporary) channel. Somehow, if I was to rent such a car, I
would take it, provided I am no liable if the key is lost ;-). This
because on a short period of time, I won't likely make anything stupid
with that key, and I like the idea that nobody will steal the car while
I am havin dinner. So different situations, different answers.
Statu quo is fine with me in that respect. Insert the usual quote on
technology and the police state. I tend to think that technologies lead
to brave new world anyway, but at least in brave new world people are
"happier" than in 1984.
                          F.

@_date: 1997-10-20 03:32:12
@_author: Fabrice Planchon 
@_subject: "First do no harm" 
Ohoh. How interesting. But they have to define what they mean by acted
upon computers, and we are back to a technical issue they don't
understand. But does the judge understand this issue better ? If I
recall correctly my CS classes, translating plain english to computer
code is doable, and depending on what rules you use for lexical and
syntaxical issues you would get different codes. Wether you can do
something with it is another issues, of course... Somehow if they follow
this heuristic, they will have to ban speech recognizion software (which
would be bad for me as my research has potential applications exactly
eheh, I had an argument with my local (PU) system administrator, and at
some point he said "and what are all mails coming from cypherpunks
anyway ?" (I hope he reads this one...). So, they are already snooping,
by fear, or because in a moment of boredom, they look at the mail log
(the same way phone operators in the old days were listening to calls, I
guess. Part of human nature)
Somehow, I can play the devil advocate and argue that it would be better
than the current situation where:
1) people don't use encryption at all
2) networks are weakly secured and snooping is easy
3) people use e-mail without thinking it can be snooped, archived, and
reused later, unlike, say, a phone call.
If you tell a professor that any student can easily read his e-mail but
that with this nice pgp5.5 software it will be no longer the case, he
might embrace it readily, even if on the long run and on second thoughts
it might not be a good idea.
Somehow, and even if I perfectly agree with you, you forget to see that
while this may be true for professors from, say, CS, Engineering, Math,
it won't be true for others which don't have the technical background to
understand the problems and their solutions. I guess what I am saying is
what seems obvious to you, me, and probably most of the readers is not
the the general public. And the group of all professors at UMA probably
reflects this.
Unfortunatly I don't have any solution to the advertising crypto
problem. My best hope is that within a generation people will understand
the technical issues and the underlying social implications of the way
you make implementations. I fear it might be to late then...
Yes and no, as I said before it's not clear what the market will decide,
if people who make key buying decisions don't do the right thing. Once
every single university is equipped with pgp5.5, it's not that easy to
go back. And because of their reputation capital, people are more likely
to buy the product blindly. Sounds scary ? I don't believe in
conspiration theory, usually stupidity, ignorance and such are enough to
make bad things happen. And we see it now.
                             F.

@_date: 1997-09-02 05:33:30
@_author: Fabrice Planchon 
@_subject: Encouraging News - France 
That's probably true. Given the recent history on the subject in France,
I doubt they would do a 180 degree turn...
Update, SDECE is now called DGSE ;-) Besides, they are our CIA, and therefore not supposed to act within
France. But I guess the DST (the french FBI) would handle matters like
that. So far France doesn't have a (known) equivalent of the NSA. A
department controlled by the prime minister (the SGDN) handles the
authorization process for crypto usage, and is assisted for technical
issues by the SCSSI (which usually says "no way" for strong cryto).
Now, the army has also its own cryto units, and they have quite
knowledgeable people... (have a look at
 and all these "ingenieurs de
l'Armement" which are linked a way or another to this lab)
It's not entirely true that FT has a monopoly. They do have a monopoly
on the phone lines, yes, which means of course that they can (and do)
dictate their own terms to any french internet provider. This won't last
forever, as starting january 1st this monopoly will end. This means
anybody will be free to switch to another phone provider (and yes, there
will be a few of them, which have installed networks, and which
currently can only offer phone services to compagnies, say to link to
physical locations in France, and are eager to enter the market
targeting individuals). Furthermore, it is untrue to say "FT=french
governement". Actually, most senior officials at FT wanted the company
to be sold to private interests, because they felt they would defend
their dominant position better this way. The new governement stopped the
process, but anyway FT has its own agenda, which may differ from the gov
vues. Of course, this doesn't mean anything good to the end customer,
the average french guy who would like to use the internet. FT is
catching up on the subject, but they did everything to slow down the
internet progression in France, fearing it would dammage their
"minitel", which generates high revenues.
You said everything when saying "a few years ago". I guess they woke up
on these issues, and now their key problem is more "how to keep making
the huge profits we make currently on the phone when we will have
competitors next january". Somehow internet and use of crypto aren't
that important in respect to that, even if anybody with half a brain can
see how everything is connected. Besides, I will give you an example
which illustrate how sometimes FT can be driven by market law rather
than gov interests. A few months ago, they started to sell cell-phone
cards, with a prepaid amount of time on it. these were anonymous, (they
wouldn't ask for an ID or anything), and everything went fine for a
couple of weeks, until somebody in the police realized they wouldn't be
able to link calls like that to a poor soul. So FT got an order from the
govt, and now they ask for an ID when purchasing. Now, I don't know if
any of the other 2 cell-phone operators in France offer the same kind of
card. I think they don't, unfortunatly, but if they decide to do so, it
would take more than a phone call from the governement to make them
comply with the police concerns. Well, I hope so...
The thing is, currently many individuals use it, for e-mail or file
encryption, and I seriously doubt that anybody would be prosecuted just
for that. But they (LEAs, gvt, you name it) know that it's a Damocles
sword they can use at will. And they want to keep it that way. Unlike in
the US, it's rather difficult to challenge a law in France, the way
Berstein or Karn or Junger are doing. Therefore the current situation is
unlikely to change in the near future.
Well, mainly because they don't know themselves how to enforce their
laws. Or simply to interpret them.
Old technology. We know better ;-)
 you don't want to apply for a permit. You just use it. And if
later LEAs targets you as a drug dealer, you will get 20 years for drug
offences and 3 more months for crypto use. So as an individual, you
don't care, but by doing things this way cryto won't be widespred soon,
and large corporations or companies won't "just use it" the way a single
guy will.
Don't misunderstand me, it sucks, but at least when you are in France
you don't expect to wake up in front of a SWAT.
                            F.

@_date: 1997-09-05 03:57:41
@_author: Fabrice Planchon 
@_subject: Big Brother is watching 
Photo radars are common in France, too. I was told by a cop friend that
no more than 20% of the photos are useable (that is, show clearly the
license plate for purpose of identification). And the law was modified a
couple of years ago, to answer the question you ask. If somebody is
driving your car, and you don't give his name, then you face the charges
(pay the ticket, and get the points...). The funny thing is, when they
started using photo radars, they were sending the photo with the
summons. Which, of course can be a problem, as if your wife opens it and
find the photo with you and and your mistress. This actually happened,
and the court ruled it was a violation of privacy. Now you have to go to
the police to see the photo. Needless to say, anything you would use to
cover your plates is outlawed...
                           F.
