
@_date: 1994-02-18 10:11:11
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: CERT/Whitehouse/Clipper link - smoking gun... 
Posted-Date: Fri, 18 Feb 1994 12:28:53 -0500
Newsgroups: comp.org.eff.talk
X-Organisation: An Teallach Limited
Sender: usenet at demon.co.uk
Lines: 55
Apparently-To: farber at pcpond.cis.upenn.edu
By God, I knew there was something fishy about that latest CERT
release (the one that referred to things that happened last
November and didn't actually say anything new, but somehow
managed to hit the *WORLD* press extensively within 24 hours)...
Well, here's the smoking gun...
Note the date.
The next day, we see this Whitehouse release:
:THE WHITE HOUSE                                 CONTACT: 202 156-7035
:OFFlCE OF THE PRESS SECRETARY
:EMBARGOED UNTIL 3 PM (EST) FRIDAY, February 4, 1994
:STATEMENT OF THE PRESS SECRETARY
:Information Infrastructure. A digital signature standard will enable
:individuals to transact business electronically rather than having to
:exchange signed paper contracts. The Administration has determined
:that such technology should not be subject to private royalty
:payments, and it will be taking steps to ensure that royalties are not
:required for use of a digital signature. Had digital signatures been in
:widespread use, the recent security problems with the Internet
:would have been avoided.
Note the reference to 'recent security problems with the Internet'.
This is obviously referring to the highly publicised stories in
the press *that day* which were engendered by the CERT report.  Yet
the whitehouse press release was written days before - see the 'embargoed
until Feb 4th' warning at the top.  So the Whitehouse had *prior
knowlege* of the CERT release, and the fact that it would get extensive
press coverage.
I say CERT actively collaborated with the Whitehouse on the pro-clipper
propoganda front, and I challenge them to deny it in a simple unequivocal
PS The statement is also false: digital signatures would have no effect
on network sniffing attacks; but it's just more FUD to strengthen the
Whitehouse hand in a release that was buried in a flood of releases
that day on Clipper.

@_date: 1994-02-22 23:51:13
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: Another Brick in the Wall 
CyberWire Dispatch//Copyright (c) 1994
Jacking in from Another Brick in the Wall Port:
Washington, DC -- The White House is being heavily lobbied by law
enforcement agencies and national intelligence agencies to make the use of
the government designed Clipper Chip mandatory in telephones, fax machines
and cable systems, according to classified documents obtained by Dispatch.
When the Administration announced on February 4th that it was endorsing
the controversial Clipper Chip program, it asserted that any use of the
chip would be voluntary.  But the White House carefully hedged its bet:
Buried deep in the background briefing papers that accompanied the
announcement was the Administration's official policy that U.S. citizens
weren't guaranteed any constitutional right to choose their own encryption
Government officials have brushed aside concerns from civil liberties
groups and privacy advocates that sporadic adoption of Clipper would
eventually spawn a mandatory use policy.  To try and forestall that,
however, the government has instituted a subtle coercion tactic: You can't
do business with Uncle Sam unless your products are "clipper equipped,"
according to National Institute for Standards and Technology Assistant
Deputy Director Raymond Kammer.
The Administration's desire for industry to sign-on as an early Clipper
"team player" was so overwhelming that it bribed AT&T into agreeing to
publicly support the idea, according to classified documents obtained by
On the same day last April when Clipper was first unveiled, AT&T publicly
proclaimed it would be installing the chip in its encryption products.  A
classified April 30, 1993 memo from the Assistant Secretary of Defense
says: "[T]he President has directed that the Attorney General request that
manufacturers of communications hardware use the trapdoor chip, and at
least AT&T has been reported willing to do so (having been suitably
incentivised by promises of Government purchases)."
The government says "incentivised" while prosecuting attorney's all over
the country say, "bribed."  You make the call.
Take Your Privacy and Shove It
That same memo says the Clipper proposal is a "complex set of issues [that]
places the public's right to privacy in opposition to the public's desire
for safety."  If "privacy prevails... criminals and spies... consequently
prosper," the memo says.
What's the answer to such freeflowing privacy?  The memo says law
enforcement and national security agencies "propose that cryptography be
made available and required which contains a 'trapdoor' that would allow
law enforcement and national security officials, under proper supervision,
to decrypt enciphered communications."  The operative word here is
Two Track Dialog
While Clinton's policy wonks wring their hands over such issues as
universal access to the National Information Infrastructure, law
enforcement and national security officials couldn't care less, frankly.
The Working Group on Privacy for the Information Infrastructure Task Force
was told in clean, cold language that the desire of law enforcement is to
"front load" the NII with "intercept technologies."  Under the guise of "do
it now or we'll catch less bad guys."
It's all black or white to these guys.  Other classified Dept. of Defense
documents chime on this debate:  "This worthy goal (of building the NII) is
independent of arguments as to whether or not law enforcement and national
security officials will be able to read at will traffic passing along the
information superhighway."
This is not science fiction.  The Clipper chip is like a cancer that has
eaten into the fabric of all levels of government, including the military.
Classified DoD documents state that a "full-scale public debate is needed
to ascertain the wishes of U.S. citizens with regard to their privacy, and
the impact on public safety of preserving privacy at the expense of
wiretapping and communications intercept capabilities of law enforcement
and national security personnel."
In other words, they don't think you know what you want.  To them, it's a
kind of tradeoff, a twisted sort of privacy auction.  What do you bid?
Your privacy for two drug lords, a former KGB spy and a pedophile.  What's
the price?  Your government wants to know. Honest.
The jury's still out, according to these classified documents: "It is not
clear what the public will decide."
But you can rest safely, the Pentagon does.  Why?  Again from a secret
memo:  "In the meantime, DoD has trapdoor technology and the Government is
proceeding with development of the processes needed to apply that
technology in order to maintain the capability to perform licit intercept
of communications in support of law enforcement and national security."
Meeks out...

@_date: 1994-03-14 17:00:32
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: Spy Satellites For Sale -- lots of reasoning here should apply to cryptography 
Resent-From: farber at aurora.cis.upenn.edu (David Farber)
Posted-Date: Sat, 12 Mar 1994 02:27:15 -0800
 line.  It is from an automated software remailing service operating at
 that address.  Please report problem mail to .
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
Precedence: bulk
Resent-To: farber at pcpond.cis.upenn.edu
Resent-Date: Sat, 12 Mar 94 09:37:14 -0500
The New York Times
Friday, March 11, 1994, p. A1
U.S. TO ALLOW SALE OF THE TECHNOLOGY FOR SPY SATELLITES
Marketing to Private Customers Assailed by
Some Who Fear Use by Hostile Nations
by Edmund L. Andrews
  Washington, March 10 -- The Clinton Administration announced today
that it would allow companies to market sophisticated spy satellite
technology to commercial customers around the world.
  The decision marks a big change from the comparatively strict limits
now imposed on satellite-imaging systems, and it caps more than a year
of intense debate among the Commerce Department, the Pentagon and
Government intelligence agencies.
  The move, which could attract new business worth hundreds of
millions of dollars to American industry, also marks one of the
clearest examples so far of the Administration's intention to
emphasize commercial and economic priorities over more traditional
cold war-era concerns about national security.
Change Raises Concern
  Some security experts questioned the decision to allow wider access
to a technology that has been described as one of the most powerful
tools in America's espionage arsenal.  But others said the technology
was already becoming available in other countries and that American
companies should be allowed to profit from the trend.
  Under the new policy, American companies will be allowed to build
and operate for-profit satellite systems that are powerful enough to
take photographs from 22,300 miles above the earth and depict objects
on the ground as small as one square yard, smaller than a subcompact
car or a hot-dog stand.
  Several American companies, among them the Lockheed Corporation, are
hoping to set up satellite imaging services for customers around the
world.  As envisioned by Lockheed, customers would be able to transmit
instructions directly to the satellite, which would turn its cameras
to the desired location and then beam the images back to the ground.
Such customers might include oil and mining companies and
environmental researchers.
'A New Era'
  Administration officials said that companies would also have greater
freedom to export entire satellite systems to foreign countries,
though such sales will still require approval from the State
  "This is 1994," David J. Barram, Deputy Secretary of Commerce, said
in an interview today.  "This is a new era.  We believe national
security and economic security are intertwined.  In order to have
national security, you have to have vibrant and competitive industries
that are allowed to do what they do best."
  But some experts warned that the decision could severely compromise
national security by letting hostile countries use America's own spy
technology to obtain detailed images of sensitive military
installations in the United States or to plan military activities
elsewhere in the world.
  "The main customers for these systems will be the intelligence
agencies of other countries," predicted John Pike, director of space
policy at the Federation of American Scientists, a nonprofit group
devoted to science and public policy.  "They have fairly strong
safeguards here.  But in practice it is going to be difficult to
prevent North Korea or Iraq from using a front company to gain spy
satellite photos in the same way they acquired nuclear and chemical
missile technology."
  Numerous companies already market commercial satellite images, which
can be used for mapping, geologic surveys and even agricultural
purposes, like remote monitoring of cattle herds.
  But currently, the most sophisticated of these services is offered
by Spot Image, a French company, and it cannot produce photographs
showing land areas smaller than about 10 yards in diameter.  And while
the Spot system is being upgraded, it will still be unable to view
areas smaller than five yards.
  Lockheed and other American companies have been arguing for
permission to operate systems that could depict objects about a square
yard in size, a request that had been resisted by the Central
Intelligence Agency and National Security Agency.
Growing Market
  Despite the agencies' concerns, Administration officials said today
that they fully intended to approve requests like those of Lockheed,
and went on to argue that the higher-resolution images are essential
if any significant commercial market is to be formed.  The Commerce
Department says that remote-sensing services, as they are known,
currently make up a $400 million market worldwide; the market is
expected to grow to about $2 billion by the year 2000.
  Besides Lockheed, two other American companies have sought
permission to operate high-resolution satellite-imaging services.  One
is the Orbital Sciences Corporation, a small rocket and satellite
company based in Dulles, VA.  The other is World View Inc., a start-up
company in Livermore, Calif.
  Administration officials said that while the companies intended to
adopt the precise technology that has long been used on Government spy
satellites, the new policy included a number of safeguards to prevent
the technology from falling into the wrong hands.
  As happens now, the Commerce Department must still approve each
application to operate a commercial satellite surveillance system or
to sell such a system within the United States -- or to market the
services around the world.  Sales of such equipment outside the
country, however, will be subject to the export-control procedures
already in place for products that have military applications, which
means that each sale must be approved by the State Department and that
sales to hostile countries will likely be blocked.  But under the new
policy, the Government would be much more likely to approve spy
satellite exports.
Right to Decode
  To prevent the misuse of satellite data sold by the new commercial
services, the Government said that the companies would have to
maintain a record of every job the satellite had been instructed to
carry out.  Moreover, the satellites cannot scramble their
transmissions with coding technology that the Government cannot
decipher.  An oil company could protect its business secrets -- for
example, by transmitting its exploration photos in scrambled form --
but the Government would have the right to decode them.
  In addition, the new policy leaves room for the Government to shut
down a satellite system during what an Administration statement
described as "periods when national security or international
obligations and/or foreign policies may be compromised."  But industry
officials who supported the new policy said they had been assured by
Commerce Department officials that the country would need to be in a
"Persian Gulf situation" before it began shutting down systems.
  Executives at companies that have pressed for more liberal rules
said the new policy gave them virtually everything they wanted.
  "We are very pleased that the Administration put together such a
forward-thinking policy that allows the application of defense
technology for commercial purposes," said Brian Dailey, vice president
at the Washington office of Lockheed Corporation.
  Gilbert Rye, corporate vice president at Orbital Sciences, echoed
that view.  "It's an outstanding development," he said.
Security Agencies Sign On
  Today's decision was supported, at least in public, by the Defense
Department and other agencies concerned with national security issues

@_date: 1995-12-28 21:29:50
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: German government orders censorship of CompuServe -- a   sign of things to come djf 
Posted-Date: Wed, 27 Dec 1995 17:47:17 -0500
X-Sender: farber at linc.cis.upenn.edu
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT:  William Giles                 Russ Robinson
CompuServe Incorporated              CompuServe Incorporated
           614/ 538-4388                        614/ 538-4274
COMPUSERVE(R) SUSPENDS ACCESS TO SPECIFIC INTERNET NEWSGROUPS
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Dec. 28, 1995 -- During the past week, CompuServe Incorporated
temporarily suspended access to more than 200 Internet newsgroups in response to
a direct mandate from the prosecutor s office in Germany.  Each of the
newsgroups that was suspended was specifically identified to CompuServe by the
German authorities as illegal under German criminal law.  CompuServe did not
select any groups or determine the nature of the newsgroups that have been
impacted by this action.          German government officials, as part of an investigation of illegal
material on the Internet, ordered CompuServe to do what was necessary with
respect to specified newsgroups in order to comply with German law.  German
authorities are investigating newsgroups and other Internet content that may
contain child pornography, other pornographic material illegal for adults, as
well as content that although not illegal for adults is of such an explicit
nature that it is illegal for minors.          While access has been suspended, CompuServe continues to work with
German authorities to resolve this matter.  CompuServe cannot alter the content
on the Internet in any way and has only suspended access to the disputed
newsgroups through CIS.  The issues being investigated in Germany, like those
being addressed across the industry, need to remain focused on the individuals
and groups placing content on the Internet.  CompuServe, as an access provider,
is not responsible for the origination or nature of content on the Internet over
which it has no creative or editorial control.
        The global market is vital to CompuServe.  We currently have 500,000
members in Western Europe and anticipate doubling that number in the next year.
As the leading global service, CompuServe must comply with the laws of the many
countries in which we operate.  However, laws in different countries are often in conflict, and this creates new
challenges unique to the emerging online industry.  CompuServe is investigating
ways in which we can restrict user access to selected newsgroups by geographical
location.

@_date: 1995-10-22 16:24:22
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: airport security 
Ever think that the one real payoff for the ID at airports
is to kill the market for re-sold frequent flyer
certificates and partially used tichets that then get sold
to others (like at most schools)

@_date: 1995-10-31 00:22:32
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: Digicash will not fly (not) 
Pricing is usally set so it includes the 3%. Cash prices are usually by
agreement the same as credit card. Will Digicash be an extra %age or will
the credit card agreements be changed Else it is 3% plus digicash for those
goods that offer the credit card option

@_date: 1996-08-03 05:12:55
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: Freeh slimes again: Digital Telephony costs $2 billion now ... 
And I testified in front of the House that their estimate was grossly
understated. I think it is more like 4-5 Billion . I called it the Software
Full Employment Act of 94. (copy of testimony available). djf

@_date: 1996-08-12 08:05:16
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: US Power Outages 
As someone who was married in NYC during the 65 blackout *happened at 1716

@_date: 1996-08-13 06:30:52
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [off-topic] Re: US Power Outages 
I dnt have the reference handy bit IEEE Spectrum published in about May 66 a
real good description of why the Great Northeast Blackout happened.

@_date: 1996-02-05 02:16:49
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: Need a "warning" graphic of some kind for CDA 
Posted-Date: Fri, 2 Feb 1996 21:09:19 -0500
X-Sender: farber at linc.cis.upenn.edu
X-Proccessed-By: mail2list
Greetings from the Electronic Frontier!
As you likely already know, on Feb. 1 1996 the United States House and
Senate voted on and overwhelmingly passed the Telecommunications Act almost
immediately after being reported out of committee, before the public was
able to read, much less comment upon this bill. The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF), decries the forfeiture of free
speech prescribed by the sweeping censorship provisions of the
telecommunications "reform" legislation
EFF is launching a campaign using a blue ribbon as a symbol to visually
communicate support for free speech in the electronic world.  As a provider
of content on the Internet we invite you to join in this awareness campaign
by displaying a link to our "Blue Ribbon" page where we will update what is
happening in the effort to preserve free speech. Pictures, HTML anchors and information on the progress of the campaign are
all available from  Don't wait in silence. Please join the fight against Internet Censorship!!
Dan Brown | System admin for the Electronic Frontier Foundation | brown at eff.org
    +1 415 436 9EFF Voice || +1 415 436 9993 Fax || +1 415 605 1481 Pager
         (Please leave area code _and_ phone number if you page me!)

@_date: 1996-02-18 08:37:58
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: A Cyberspace Independence Refutation 
The President can not rule anything unconstitutional. He can tell justice
not to enforce it but sometime local federal prosecutors do what they want
and some future administration can decide to enforce it. Only the courts or
the congress can change things for sure.

@_date: 1996-07-26 16:09:54
@_author: farber at central.cis.upenn.edu 
@_subject: IP: NSA RESPONSE TO KEY LENGTH REPORT 
July 18, 1996
There is currently being circulated, to members of Congress and
possibly elsewhere, a four page document entitled ``Brute-Force
Cryptanalytic Attacks'' that calls into question some of the
conclusions of the ``Minimum Key Lengths for Symmetric Ciphers'' white
paper [1].  The document bears no author or organization attribution,
but we are told that it originated from NSA.
The NSA document argues that ``physical realities'' make parallel key
search much more expensive and time consuming than our white paper
estimated.  However, the NSA document appears to have been written
from the perspective of general parallel processing or cryptanalysis
rather than exhaustive key search per se.  It ignores several
elementary principles of parallel processing that apply specifically
to exhaustive key search machines of the type that our white paper
In particular, NSA argues that interconnections, heat dissipation,
input/output bandwidth, and interprocessor communication make it
difficult to ``scale up'' a key search machine by dividing the task
among a large number of small components.  While these factors do
limit the scalability of more general purpose multiprocessor computers
(such as those made by Cray), they do not apply at all to specialized
exhaustive key search machines.  The NSA argument ignores the most
fundamental feature of brute-force key search: the processors
performing the search have no need to communicate with other
components of the system while they perform their share of the search,
and therefore the system has no need for any of the global
interconnections that limit scaling.  Indeed, there is no reason that
all the components of a parallel search machine must be located even
within the same city, let alone the same computer housing.  We note
that one of our co-authors (Eric Thompson, of Access Data, Inc.)
designs and builds medium-scale FPGA-based key search machines with
exactly this loosely-coupled structure, and regularly uses them to
recover keys for clients that include the FBI.
The NSA document also calls into question our cost estimates for ASIC
components, suggesting that ASIC chips of this type cost NSA
approximately $1000.00 each.  However, our $10.00 per chip estimate is
based on an actual price quote from a commercial chip fabrication
vendor for a moderate-size order for an exhaustive search ASIC
designed in 1993 by Michael Wiener [2].  Perhaps NSA could reduce its
own costs by changing vendors.
Finally, the NSA report offers estimates of the time required to
perform exhaustive search using a Cray model T3D supercomputer.  This
is a curious choice, for as our report notes, general-purpose
supercomputers of this type make poor (and uneconomical) key search
engines.  However, even the artificially low performance results for
this machine should give little comfort to the users of 56 bit keys.
According to NSA, 56 bit keys can be searched on such a machine in
less than 453 days.  ``Moore's law'' predicts that it will not be long
before relatively inexpensive general-purpose computers offer similar
computational capability.
     Whitfield Diffie
[1] Blaze, M., Diffie, W., Rivest, R., Schneier, B., Shimomura, T.,
    Thompson, E., and Wiener, M.  ``Minimum Key Lengths for Symmetric
    Key Ciphers for Commercial Security.''  January 1996.  Available
    from ftp://ftp.research.att.com/dist/mab/keylength.txt
[2] Wiener, M.  ``Exhaustive DES Key Search.''  Presented at
    Crypto-93, Santa Barbara, CA.  August 1993.
[Transcription of document circulated to various members of congress
and others in June, 1996, apparently by NSA]
BRUTE-FORCE CRYPTANALYTIC ATTACKS
Two published theoretical estimates of cost versus time to perform
brute-force hardware attacks on selected cryptography key lengths
differ between themselves and differ significantly from what we find
when we buy or build computers to carry out such attacks.
The differences lie in assumptions made in the theoretical estimates,
which are not fully spelled out by the authors, and in scaling up
hypothesized small machines to ever larger ones without accounting for
physical realities.
The factors not accounted for are:
  o R&D costs for the first machine, typically on the order of $10
    million.
  o As more and more chips are added to a machine, two effects occur:
      o Interconnections increase and increase running time;
      o Heat from the chips eventually limit [sic] the size of a
        machine.
  o Memory costs are not included.
  o When get [sic] to the very fast processing speed estimates,
    machines can become Input/Output bound; so [sic] it cannot achieve
    the estimated speed.
  o Assuming every algorithm can be tested in same amount of time and
    key length is the only difference.
Table 1 are [sic] the average time estimates made for a given cost
done by Michael Wiener of Bell Norther Research in 1995.  These are
published in Bruce Schneier's Applied Cryptography book.
Note that these are average times, one-half of the total exhaust time.
Table 2 are [sic] the estimates for total exhaust times using Field
Programmmable Gate Arrays (FPGA) and Application Specific ICs (ASICs)
done for the Business Software Alliance by Blaze, Diffie, Rivest,
Schneier, Shimomura, Thompson, and Wiener in 1996.  In addition to the
above factors not accounted for they have assumed ASICs cost as low as
$10.  We find ASICs more typically cost $1000 and their capabilities
can vary considerably depending upon the specific task.
Table 3 are out estimates based on our experience with a Cray T3D
supercomputer with 1024 nodes.  This machine costs $30 million.
[Tables 1, 2, and 3 not transcribed here.]

@_date: 1996-05-20 06:04:44
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: Interactive Week exclusive - White House to launch "Clipper III" 
The "White Paper" (if it exists) from the White House is different from the
National Research Report. The NRC is independant from the White House and
the Government.
Reply-To: farber at central.cis.upenn.edu (Dave Farber)
  Please post this message widely
  I am writing to let interested parties know about the imminent release
  of the NRC's study of national cryptography policy.  If
  all goes well, we hope to release it on May 30, 1996.
  However, prior to that time, we won't be able to comment on
  its contents.
  For current information on release, visit the web site
    When you visit that site, you'll have the opportunity to
  be put onto a mailing list so that we can inform you by e-mail
  when the report is available in print and/or electronically, as well
  as any public events associated with the report (e.g., public
  briefings).
  Herb Lin
  Cryptography Policy Study Director
  Computer Science and Telecommunications Board
  National Academy of Sciences/National Research Council
  202-334-2605

@_date: 1996-09-01 20:53:04
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: Esther Dyson on Remailers 
EFF does not, to my knowledge, (and I am a Board Member) have an
organizational view on this issue. There are a lot of different views and
each member of EFF has their own view that they can and will state as
private people. The tendency of the Press to label people with organizations
affiliation ship gives the impression of organizational views. For example I
certainly don't speak for the University of Pennsylvania when I say thing to
the newspapers.

@_date: 1996-09-02 05:27:23
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: Esther Dyson on Remailers 
Just for record, Esther's position is NOT necessarily EFFs.
