
@_date: 1996-09-17 23:12:17
@_author: Felipe Rodriquez 
@_subject: German providers continue to censor XS4ALL network 
Released by:	XS4ALL Internet BV
Date	   :	17-september-1996
Author     :	Felipe Rodriquez (felipe at xs4all.nl)
German providers have continued their ip-filtering actions against
dutch provider XS4ALL. These ip-filtering actions where started
after the German Authorities ordered the providers to block access
to a specific document on the XS4ALL website. The document is not
illegal in Holland, and is the property of one of XS4ALL's customers.
So far German authorities have not contacted XS4ALL, no official
requests where made to remove these documents from our server. Xs4all customers are prevented from communicating with German
internetusers, because Email is not passed through a number of German
internet routers. Xs4all customers are prevented from accessing German
websites. Therefore German providers, particularily EUnet Germany GmbH,
are violating article 10 of European Convention on Human Rights:
"Everyone has the right to freedom of expression. this right shall
include freedom to hold opinions and to receive and impart information
an ideas without interference by public authority and regardless of
frontiers." They are preventing our Xs4all subscribers to execute their
rights of free expression.
Some of our customers have terminated their account at Xs4all, because of these restrictions, that were imposed by German providers,
after an order from the German government. These restrictions have
caused a major disruption on the business interests of XS4ALL Internet BV.

@_date: 1996-09-20 08:23:57
@_author: Felipe Rodriquez 
@_subject: Declaration against German censorship 
Send a mail to tuamotu at duplox.wz-berlin.de to sign this declaration
against current German censorship and IP-filtering of sites.
A Letter of Protest
On August 30th 1996, the German Federal Prosecutor wrote to German
Internet providers and on-line services telling them that they could
possibly be charged with aiding and abetting persons who are currently
the subject of a preliminary inquiry by the German Federal Prosecutor
due to an article published in a magazine which offended German
anti-terrorism laws.
The German Federal Prosecutor wrote (excerpt): "Under the following
Internet addresses ... [the GFP names two WWW sites, which will be not
quoted here because we do not refer to the actual case of a specific
text which gives cause for complaint, instead we are interested in the
act of censorship as such] ..the complete issue is available... [of the
magazine who is subject of preliminary inquiry by the GFP. The GFP
explains why they deem the text to be illegal in Germany]... We want
you to be aware that you are possibly making yourself liable to
prosecution by acting as an accessory to criminal offences [according
to German anti-terrorist laws '' 129a,3 and 130a,1 StGB] if you allow
the text to be accessed via your Internet dial-ins and host computers."
Although the German Federal Prosecutor merely pointed out the
possibility of being liable to prosecution and although the opinion of
the GFP as expressed in the letter has not as of yet been proven right
by a court decision, several German providers responded to the letter
by temporarily (for no longer than 28 days) closing off the WWW sites
where the electronic version of the article was previously available to
Internet readers. From the point of view of a WWW site, for example
xs4all.nl in the Netherlands, the action of German providers (among
them the largest German providers) means a blockage of all of their WWW
information for a great number of German netizens because of a single
web page among the thousands of pages xs4all offers at their site. We
think denying access to WWW sites is wrong.
Beside the fact that it is practically impossible to filter the flow of
data in order to keep specific WWW pages which are stored on WWW sites
in other countries outside of the German state territory when Germans
are allowed to contact these countries by phone for example - unless
the German government decided upon massive censorship measurements
which would be not according to German Laws as they are today - we
demand equal rights for Internet providers and TelCo providers, thus
making the GFP's letter unsubstantiated if equal rights were applied.
So far, neither German Telecom nor the German postal service have been
liable to prosecution by acting as assessories to criminal offences by
simply transporting telephone or mail data.
xs4all and xs2all Internet Information! back to the letter of protest in german language Internet Information (available in English, Dutch, German):
 --- latest news Internet Information in German language

@_date: 1997-04-24 01:44:42
@_author: Felipe Rodriquez 
@_subject: Effective blockade on the Internet impossible (AP newswire) 
This was was sent in Germany on tuesday, i got the translation today:
"Effective blockade on the Internet impossible" Frankfurt/M, April 22 (AP)
Effectively barring information of a certain kind from
the Internet is not possible. That is the outcome of a week long blockade by Deutsche Forschungsnetz (DFN) of the Dutch
Internet provider XS4ALL (meaning Access for All), which was
lifted Monday evening.
"It has been demonstrated that an effective blockade of
illegal information has not been within the bounds of
possibility" said DFN spokesman Klaus)Eckart Maass to AP news
agency last Tuesday. Other Web servers, according to Mr Maass,
have set up mirror sites of the online edition of the
underground magazine "Radikal", published via XS4ALL, that is, it has been copied and been made accessible to the public.
But this  only served to put "Radikal" really in the picture.
Besides, he had been faced with a flood of protest and abuse
from the Internet, Mr Maass said. "Maintaining the blockade
was not feasible."
With their measure of 11 April, DFN responded to a letter
from the Federal Criminal Investigation Department, pointing
out the illegal contents of the magazine. Issue no. 154 of the
radical left wing magazine contains a "Short Guide to
hindering railway transports of all kinds" a manual
describing how attacks can be made on the tracks on which the
nuclear waste transports to Gorleben take place. On account of
the Telecoms Bill, which received its second reading in the
federal parliament on Friday, he is obliged to bar access to
material on the Internet as soon as he learns of any illegal
contents, Mr Maass explained, provided this is technically
Protests from Serbia's opposition broadcasting station B92
As suppressing separate Web)pages is technically not
possible, DFN cut off all access to the Dutch provider, which
offers more than 6,000 different information sites among
which those of Serbian opposition broadcasting station B92 and
several others in the scientific field. "I cannot undertake
anything that hampers scientific developments", said Mr Maass.
Three DFN users complained they were no longer able to reach
archeological and other information at XS4ALL. DFN, to which
all German universities are connected, is used by about
500,000 users to obtain access to the Internet. Protests also
came from B92, as the broadcasting station found its efforts
to further the cause of democracy in Serbia thwarted by the
In September of last year several commercial Internet
providers had already blocked XS4ALL temporarily out of
concern, so they said, that the measures taken by the law
could take on such dimensions as would endanger their very
existence. This action gave rise to fierce protests on the
Internet, but also caused XS4ALL to remove issue 154 of
"Radikal" from the server temporarily. It has not come to that
during this recent blockade.
Speaking out on the renewed blockade, XS4ALL said they were surprised, stating that censoring measures on the
Internet had repeatedly proved to be counter productive. "As a
provider we take the position that we cannot curtail freedom
of opinion", XS4ALL spokesman Felipe Rodriquez-Svensson said. If there are doubts about the legitimacy of "Radikal" in the
Netherlands, they should be settled in a Dutch court.
