
@_date: 2010-12-01 11:08:38
@_author: Felix Stalder 
@_subject: <nettime> Wikileaks: State Pulls the Plug On SIPRNet 
Seems like Assange's 'secrecy tax' is making itself felt.
State Pulls the Plug On SIPRNet
November 29, 2010 at 9:26 pm
Late last week, after Secretary of State Hillary Clinton informed the White House of the likely fall-out from the WikiLeaks cable dump, the White House came back with a question: bWhat's our corrective action?b
Clinton's undersecretary for management, Patrick Kennedy, had a simple suggestion: pull the plug on SIPRNet [1], the classified DoD network that PFC Bradley Manning reportedly used to download the cables from State's inhouse classified database. bThe White House said do it,b says a senior administration official.
The publication by WikiLeaks of more than 250,000 diplomatic cables, many of them classified, is forcing an administration-wide intelligence retrenchment as agencies reconsider how to balance the need to share with the need to know. With its third major dump of controversial classified information in nine months, WikiLeaks is single-handedly tipping the balance back towards inter-agency "stovepiping", or walling off information from other departments.
Post 9.11 the imperative from Congress and the White House was to break down the bstovepipesb that prevented sharing across the so-called intelligence communitybthe sprawling collection of intelligence offices in more than a dozen different agencies across the U.S. government and around the world.
At State, they created the bNet-Centric Diplomacy" database or NCD, where State stored classified information up to the top secret level. Agencies across government had access to that database through their own secure networks. In DoD's case the network, created in 1995, was called the Secure Internet Protocol Router Network, or SIPRNet.
Late last week, at Kennedy's recommendation and the White House's approval, State disconnected SIPRNet from the NCD, senior administration officials tell Time. bObviously there were some gaps within SIPRNet that DoD is actively correcting,b the senior administration official says, bAnd as a temporary precaution we have disconnected SIPRNet from the NCD.b
How long is temporary? DoD is investigating how Manning managed to download all those cables and get them to WikiLeaks, the senior administration officials tell Time. So far they have concluded that the failure came at Dod's Central Command, the combatant command responsible for the middle east, which employed Manning in Iraq. Prior to Manning's download, users of SIPRNet had been blocked from downloading data to removable media.
But at some point that restriction was lifted across all of CentCom. DoD has been reimposing restrictions since the July dump of Afghanistan war documents by WikiLeaks. DoD has blocked the use of removable media; they have required in some cases a bdual keyb system that requires a second user to approve moving data from a higher classification system to a lower classification system; and they are installing software programs to monitor unusual activity.
DoD is not completely cut off from State's database. A separate system for the transmission of top secret information, the Joint Worldwide Intelligence Communications System or JWICS [2], is still linked to the NCD. And State may reconnect SIPRNet in the future. bOnce DoD has gone through and made its corrections on SIPRNet we'll reevaluate whether to reconnect,b the senior administration official says.
[1] [2] ---  ----------------------- books out now:
*|Deep Search.The Politics of Search Beyond Google.Studienverlag 2009
*|Mediale Kunst/Media Arts Zurich.13 Positions.Scheidegger&Spiess2008
*|Manuel Castells and the Theory of the Network Society. Polity, 2006 *|Open Cultures and the Nature of Networks. Ed. Futura/Revolver, 2005 #  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2010-11-15 16:32:49
@_author: Felix Stalder 
@_subject: <nettime> WikiLeaks and the Culture of Classification 
I don't think Wikileaks works on the level of operationally-relevant secrets. It's not about espionage. So the fact that there are other forums where more highly valuable stuff is being exchanged, doesn't diminish the value of Wikileaks. It's precisely its high profile and media exposure that constitutes its value. It's not about espionage, it's about politics. And, it's about inducing inducing dysfunctional habits into the organizations trying to prevent information from leaking. Assange called this once 'secrecy tax' and if I take this article here at face value, it seems to be working.
WikiLeaks and the Culture of Classification
October 28, 2010 | 0853 GMT
By Scott Stewart
On Friday, Oct. 22, the organization known as WikiLeaks published a cache
of 391,832 classified documents on its website. The documents are mostly
field reports filed by U.S. military forces in Iraq from January 2004 to
December 2009 (the months of May 2004 and March 2009 are missing). The
bulk of the documents (379,565, or about 97 percent) were classified at
the secret level, with 204 classified at the lower confidential level. The
remaining 12,062 documents were either unclassified or bore no
This large batch of documents is believed to have been released by Pfc.
Bradley Manning, who was arrested in May 2010 by the U.S. Army Criminal
Investigations Command and charged with transferring thousands of
classified documents onto his personal computer and then transmitting them
to an unauthorized person. Manning is also alleged to have been the source
of the classified information released by WikiLeaks pertaining to the war
in Afghanistan in July 2010.
WikiLeaks released the Iraq war documents, as it did the Afghanistan war
documents, to a number of news outlets for analysis several weeks in
advance of their formal public release. These news organizations included
The New York Times, Der Spiegel, The Guardian and Al Jazeera, each of
which released special reports to coincide with the formal release of the
documents Oct. 22.
Due to its investigation of Manning, the U.S. government also had a pretty
good idea of what the material was before it was released and had formed a
special task force to review it for sensitive and potentially damaging
information prior to the release. The Pentagon has denounced the release
of the information, which it considers a crime, has demanded the return of
its stolen property and has warned that the documents place Iraqis at risk
of retaliation and also place the lives of U.S. troops at risk from
terrorist groups that are mining the documents for tidbits of operational
information they can use in planning their attacks.
When one takes a careful look at the classified documents released by
WikiLeaks, it becomes quickly apparent that they contain very few true
secrets. Indeed, the main points being emphasized by Al Jazeera and the
other media outlets after all the intense research they conducted before
the public release of the documents seem to highlight a number of issues
that had been well-known and well-chronicled for years. For example, the
press has widely reported that the Iraqi government was torturing its own
people; many civilians were killed during the six years the documents
covered; sectarian death squads were operating inside Iraq; and the
Iranian government was funding Shiite militias. None of this is news. But,
when one steps back from the documents themselves and looks at the larger
picture, there are some interesting issues that have been raised by the
release of these documents and the reaction to their release.
The Documents
The documents released in this WikiLeaks cache were taken from the U.S.
governments Secret Internet Protocol Router Network (SIPRNet), a network
used to distribute classified but not particularly sensitive information.
SIPRNet is authorized only for the transmission of information classified
at the secret level and below. It cannot be used for information
classified top secret or more closely guarded intelligence that is
classified at the secret level. The regulations by which information is
classified by the U.S. government are outlined in Executive Order 13526.
Under that order, secret is the second-highest level of classification and
applies to information that, if released, would be reasonably expected to
cause serious damage to U.S. national security.
Due to the nature of SIPRNet, most of the information that was downloaded
from it and sent to WikiLeaks consisted of raw field reports from U.S.
troops in Iraq. These reports discussed things units encountered, such as
IED attacks, ambushes, the bodies of murdered civilians, friendly-fire
incidents, traffic accidents, etc. For the most part, the reports
contained raw information and not vetted, processed intelligence. The
documents also did not contain information that was the result of
intelligence-collection operations, and therefore did not reveal sensitive
intelligence sources and methods. Although the WikiLeaks material is often
compared to the 1971 release of the Pentagon Papers, there really is very
little similarity. The Pentagon Papers consisted of a top secret-level
study completed for the U.S. secretary of defense and not raw, low-level
battlefield reports.
To provide a sense of the material involved in the WikiLeaks release, we
will examine two typical reports. The first, classified at the secret
level, is from an American military police (MP) company reporting that
Iraqi police on Oct. 28, 2006, found the body of a person whose name was
redacted in a village who had been executed. In the other report, also
classified at the secret level, we see that on Jan. 1, 2004, Iraqi police
called an American MP unit in Baghdad to report that an improvised
explosive device (IED) had detonated and that there was another suspicious
object found at the scene. The MP unit responded, confirmed the presence
of the suspicious object and then called an explosive ordnance disposal
unit, which came to the site and destroyed the second IED. Now, while it
may have been justified to classify such reports at the secret level at
the time they were written to protect information pertaining to military
operations, clearly, the release of these two reports in October 2010 has
not caused any serious damage to U.S. national security.
Another factor to consider when reading raw information from the field is
that, while they offer a degree of granular detail that cannot be found in
higher-level intelligence analysis, they can often be misleading or
otherwise erroneous. As anyone who has ever interviewed a witness can tell
you, in a stressful situation people often miss or misinterpret important
factual details. Thats just how most people are wired. This situation can
be compounded when a witness is placed in a completely alien culture. This
is not to say that all these reports are flawed, but just to note that raw
information must often be double-checked and vetted before it can be used
to create a reliable estimate of the situation on the battlefield.
Clearly, the readers of these reports released by WikiLeaks now do not
have the ability to conduct that type of follow-up.
Few True Secrets
By saying there are very few true secrets in the cache of documents
released by WikiLeaks, we mean things that would cause serious damage to
national security. And no, we are not about to point out the things that
we believe could be truly damaging. However, it is important to understand
up front that something that causes embarrassment and discomfort to a
particular administration or agency does not necessarily damage national
As to the charges that the documents are being mined by militant groups
for information that can be used in attacks against U.S. troops deployed
overseas, this is undoubtedly true. It would be foolish for the Taliban,
the Islamic State of Iraq (ISI) and other militant groups not to read the
documents and attempt to benefit from them. However, there are very few
things noted in these reports pertaining to the tactics, techniques and
procedures (TTP) used by U.S. forces that could not be learned by simply
observing combat operations  and the Taliban and ISI have been carefully
studying U.S. TTP every hour of every day for many years now. These
documents are far less valuable than years of careful, direct observation
and regular first-hand interaction.
Frankly, combatants who have been intensely watching U.S. and coalition
forces and engaging them in combat for the better part of a decade are not
very likely to learn much from dated American after-action reports. The
insurgents and sectarian groups in Iraq own the human terrain; they know
who U.S. troops are meeting with, when they meet them and where. There is
very little that this level of reporting is going to reveal to them that
they could not already have learned via observation. Remember, these
reports do not deal with highly classified human-intelligence or
technical-intelligence operations.
This is not to say that the alleged actions of Manning are somehow
justified. From the statements released by the government in connection
with the case, Manning knew the information he was downloading was
classified and needed to be protected. He also appeared to know that his
actions were illegal and could get him in trouble. He deserves to face the
legal consequences of his actions.
This is also not a justification for the actions of WikiLeaks and the
media outlets that are exploiting and profiting from the release of this
information. What we are saying is that the hype surrounding the release
is just that. There were a lot of classified documents released, but very
few of them contained information that would truly shed new light on the
actions of U.S. troops in Iraq or their allies or damage U.S. national
security. While the amount of information released in this case was huge,
it was far less damaging than the information released by convicted spies
such as Robert Hanssen and Aldrich Ames  information that crippled
sensitive intelligence operations and resulted in the execution or
imprisonment of extremely valuable human intelligence sources.
Culture of Classification
Perhaps one of the most interesting facets of the WikiLeaks case is that
it highlights the culture of classification that is so pervasive inside
the U.S. government. Only 204 of the 391,832 documents were classified at
the confidential level, while 379,565 of them were classified at the
secret level. This demonstrates the propensity of the U.S. government
culture to classify documents at the highest possible classification
rather than at the lowest level really required to protect that
information. In this culture, higher is better.
Furthermore, while much of this material may have been somewhat sensitive
at the time it was reported, most of that sensitivity has been lost over
time, and many of the documents, like the two reports referenced above, no
longer need to be classified. Executive Order 13526 provides the ability
for classifying agencies to set dates for materials to be declassified.
Indeed, according to the executive order, a date for declassification is
supposed to be set every time a document is classified. But, in practice,
such declassification provisions are rarely used and most people just
expect the documents to remain classified for the entire authorized
period, which is 10 years in most cases and 25 years when dealing with
sensitive topics such as intelligence sources and methods or nuclear
weapons. In the culture of classification, longer is also seen as better.
This culture tends to create so much classified material that stays
classified for so long that it becomes very difficult for government
employees and security managers to determine what is really sensitive and
what truly needs to be protected. There is certainly a lot of very
sensitive information that needs to be carefully guarded, but not
everything is a secret. This culture also tends to reinforce the belief
among government employees that knowledge is power and that one can become
powerful by having access to information and denying that access to
others. And this belief can often contribute to the bureaucratic jealously
that results in the failure to share intelligence  a practice that was
criticized so heavily in the 9/11 Commission Report.
It has been very interesting to watch the reaction to the WikiLeaks case
by those who are a part of the culture of classification. Some U.S.
government agencies, such as the FBI, have bridled under the post-9/11
mandates to share their information more widely and have been trying to
scale back the practice. As anyone who has dealt with the FBI can attest,
they tend to be a semi-permeable membrane when it comes to the flow of
information. For the bureau, intelligence flows only one way  in. The FBI
is certainly not alone. There are many organizations that are very
hesitant to share information with other government agencies, even when
those agencies have a legitimate need to know. The WikiLeaks cases have
provided such people a justification to continue to stovepipe information.
In addition to the glaring personnel security issues regarding Mannings
access to classified information systems, these cases are in large part
the result of a classified information system overloaded with vast
quantities of information that simply does not need to be protected at the
secret level. And, ironically, overloading the system in such a way
actually weakens the information-protection process by making it difficult
to determine which information truly needs to be protected. Instead of
seeking to weed out the overclassified material and concentrate on
protecting the truly sensitive information, the culture of classification
reacts by using the WikiLeaks cases as justification for continuing to
classify information at the highest possible levels and for sharing the
intelligence it generates with fewer people. The ultimate irony is that
the WikiLeaks cases will help strengthen and perpetuate the broken system
that helped lead to the disclosures in the first place.
---  ----------------------- books out now:
*|Deep Search.The Politics of Search Beyond Google.Studienverlag 2009
*|Mediale Kunst/Media Arts Zurich.13 Positions.Scheidegger&Spiess2008
*|Manuel Castells and the Theory of the Network Society. Polity, 2006 *|Open Cultures and the Nature of Networks. Ed. Futura/Revolver, 2005 #  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2011-07-12 11:07:08
@_author: Felix Stalder 
@_subject: <nettime> Anonymous Hackers Release 90, 000 Military E-mail Accounts 
[This new tendency of dumping the full raw data onto the public
networks makes WikiLeaks more editorial approach to publishing
material seem positively reasonable and measured. I wonder if this is
preferable to those who criticize WikiLeaks for having turned into
just another information broker.]
theepochtimes.com -> The bhacktivistb organization Anonymous Operations posted some 90,000 military e-mail addresses and passwords, to the Pirate Bay torrent website on July 11, in what they called bMilitary Meltdown Monday."
The organization hacked into the networks of government contracting and consulting firm Booz Allen Hamilton, where they claim to have discovered ba list of roughly 90,000 military e-mails and password hashes ... 4gb of source code,b and bmaps and keys for various other treasure chests buried on the islands of government agencies, federal contractors and shady whitehat companies.b
Anonymous further claims that Booz Allen was involved with several government surveillance and intelligence-gathering programs bthat may be deemed illegalb and insinuate that several of Booz Allenbs executives, all former members of the Nation Security Agency, garnered illegal government favor in their private business efforts.
Anonymous preceded the release with multiple lead-up tweets from several of their affiliated twitter accounts. One account, banonymouSabu,b formerly part of the LulzSec hacking group, claims that this is the first of btwo of the biggest releases for Anonymous in the last 4 years,b and sent a warning to the intelligence community, stating bEveryone brace. This is literally explosive.b
Another account, bYourAnonNewsb, states that btodaybs  release will without any doubt be the biggest release so far.b
bAntiSecb or operation Anti-Security, was a collaborative effort between hacker groups LulzSec, Anonymous, and various others to attack and steal confidential information from major governments and corporations, and expose perceived corruption and abuse of power. LulzSec disbanded in late June, its members reintegrating with their original foundations in The websites and networks of numerous companies and government organizations have already been attacked in the name of AntiSec. Anonymous believes that their efforts are simply a form of civil disobedience, calling their tactics bpeaceful protest." The government, meanwhile, has been actively trying to track down and arrest its members.
Anonymous made headlines last year when they attacked MasterCard, Visa, and PayPal after the companies had suspended payments directed to the information leaking website WikiLeaks and its founder, Julian Assange.
---  ----------------------- books out now:
*|Deep Search.The Politics of Search Beyond Google.Studienverlag 2009
*|Mediale Kunst/Media Arts Zurich.13 Positions.Scheidegger&Spiess2008
*|Manuel Castells and the Theory of the Network Society. Polity, 2006 *|Open Cultures and the Nature of Networks. Ed. Futura/Revolver, 2005 #  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2012-02-10 13:31:18
@_author: Felix Stalder 
@_subject: <nettime> Enter the Swarm: Anonymous and the global protest 
dear nettimers,
here's my take on the endlessly fascinating Anonymous story. Written
for LeMondeDiplo, where it appears in the current issue in a slightly
edited version and under a different title.
All the best.
Enter the Swarm: Anonymous and the global protest movements
In the course of just one year, using the identity bAnonymousb highly
efficient digital attacks have been carried out against global
corporations and national governments. All in the name of freedom
of speech and social justice. The media coverage has done little
to clarify the events, rather, contradictory characterizations of
Anonymous have been espoused, ranging from an elite hacker conspiracy,
to a loose network of ignorant teenagers, from a major cyber-terrorist
threat to a mere nuisance driven by sophomoric humor. None of these
characterizations is entirely incorrect, because each captures some
fragments of the phenomenon, but they all miss the central element of
Anonymous, namely that it is not one, but many, and that it is not a
group or a network, but a swarm, or to be correct, multiple swarms
that feed off each other.
Anonymous might be an extreme case, but in important ways it is
typical for the wider protest movements spreading across the
crisis regions of the Middle East, Europe and the US. It is in
the contrasting organizational forms that the chasm between these
movements and their political systems is most manifest. One the
one side are hierarchical organizations based on the principle of
representation, where leaders are formally legitimized through
procedures of delegation, usually based on voting, to speak and
act on behalf of their constituencies. Corruption, favoritism and
institutional capture, however, have weakened this legitimacy. On the
other side are self-consciously leaderless organizations which reject
the principle of representation in favor of direct participation in
concrete projects. Their diversity enables decision-making through
rough, ad-hoc consensus, rather than through formal majorities. From
the point of view of established political institutions, these new
forms of organizations are nearly unintelligible, hence the often
voiced astonishment that the protest movements do not articulate any
concrete demands that those in power could engage with.
Social swarms
A social swarm consists of independent individuals who are using
simple tools and rules to coordinate themselves horizontally into
a collective effort. As Rick Falkvinge, the founder of the Swedish
Pirate Party, points out bthe complexity comes with the meritocracy
that makes up how the Swarm operates and decides on courses of action
as an organism. As all the people in the Swarm are volunteers b they
are there because they think the Swarm can be a vehicle for change
in an area they care about b the only way to lead is by inspiring
others through action.b1 Thus, the strength of the swarm comes from
the number of people who join it and the focus it brings to their
distributed, independent efforts. A swarm always starts in the same
way. A call for action and the availability of some resources to start
acting right away. Social media pundit Clay Shirky identified three
main requirements that must come together for such loosely organized
cooperation to emerge: promise, tool, and bargain.2 The promise is the
call for action. It needs not only to be relevant to a critical number
of people but also credibly attainable. The tools are the resources
and strategies available to work towards the promise. Today, tools to
coordinate the efforts of volunteers are readily available online and
different tools, such as online forums, wikis, or chats, are capable
of sustaining different social dynamics on all scales. The bargain
points to conditions one has to accept when entering the collective
space of action. Only when the three dimensions match for a large
number of people b the promise being attractive, the tools available,
and the bargain not too onerous b cooperation gets underway. Over
time, each of the three dimensions can change, and the swarm can grow,
change direction, or fall apart. For such swarms not to be random
and short-lived affairs, there needs to a fourth elements, a common
horizon, which, as cultural critic Brian Holmes explains, ballows the
scattered members of a network to recognize each other as existing
within a shared referential and imaginary universe.b3
Anonymous is a series of swarms, each organized around a particular
call for action, focusing individual efforts towards that common goal.
Each swarm is independent of the others in the sense that each must
attract its own contributors based on its individual combination of
promise, tool, and bargain. But they are united in the sense that
they feed off each other by operating under the same open identity,
consisting of a few relatively generic slogans, graphic elements
and cultural reference points. Anyone can wear this identity like a
mask, but it only make sense to be Anonymous if it resonates with the
particular culture of twisted humor, anti-authoritarianism and free
speech accumulated through its history.
The dark corners of the Internet
Despite all efforts to bcivilize the internetb, most recently
re-affirmed by Nicolas Sarkozy during the eG8 meeting in Paris last
May, dark corners where anythings goes have continued to exist. Of
particular relevance to Anonymous is a site called 4chan.org, a
technologically simple, but massively popular web forum, founded in
2003, where people can post images and texts without registration,
thus appearing as banonymousb online. The site not only encourages
anonymous postings, but its most active section, the forum /b/-Random,
explicitly has no rules as to what can be posted. The site also has
no memory, that is, all postings that do not generate responses
will automatically move down the queue and eventually be deleted.
This usually happens within a few minutes. No records are kept.4
The only memory is in the minds of the users, thus, everything that
is not easily remembered and repeated vanishes. To avoid quick
disappearance, hundreds of posts per day are framed as calls for
action, such as a proposal to vandalize an article on Wikipedia with,
say, the 67th suggested article being chosen. If that entices enough
people, a small swarm descends on the article. Just for the fun of
it. Because of the need to keep things alive through repetition
and involvement, over time, a collective culture emerged that was
stripped of individuality and origins and was reduced to a few
easily available elements that can be assembled and transformed by
anyone with basic internet skills. Around such calls, or operations,
a culture emerged of bultra-coordinated motherfuckaryb, as one
participant told Biella Coleman, an anthropologist of geek culture.5
Over the course of half a decade, anonymous turned into Anonymous, a
simple technical placeholder into a collective identity. Because of
the anonymity-induced culture of outrageousness the common horizon
of this identity grew from a strong, even extreme commitment to free
speech and a deep distrust against any kind of authority that tries to
regulate speech based on what are perceived hypocritical lies.
Into the limelight
It is not a coincidence, then, that in winter 2008, some people
began to use this identity to start a campaign against the Church
of Scientology. There has been decade old battle between hackers
and Scientology. The hackers would facilitate the leaking of
damaging insider information exposing fraud and manipulation and
the church would ruthlessly use its considerable means to suppress
such information and destroy the personal reputation of its critics.
Anonymous got involved after the church tried to suppress the
circulation of a motivational video in which the actor Tom Cruise, a
high-ranking church member, comes across as particularly unhinged.
As a response to the usual threads of legal action, a semi-serious
video was released in which Anonymous announced the destruction of the
church. After a period heated debated inside various chat channels
b an important part of the infrastructure of spontaneous, real-time
coordination b a particular combination of promise, tool and bargain
was hashed out and a common horizon established. Not only were online
actions against the website coordinated, but also a global day of
action was planned and executed. On February 18, 2008 protests in more
than 90 cities in North America, Europe, Australia, and New Zealand
were held. Many of the participants were wearing the now famous Guy
Fawkes masks to protect themselves against the likely revenge of the
church. Their sheer presence and irreverence made up for the lack of
political demands, as they pierced an important myth that the church
could crush anyone who dared to criticize it. For the first time,
some swarms of Anonymous had congregated outside the Internet and had
coordinated themselves with more established political activists. The
fun turned serious. These protests continued to be the main political
focus of Anonymous over the next two years. In September 2010, another
Anonymous swarm emerged around the Operation Payback, which began as
an attack against Aiplex Software, an Indian Company hired to disrupt
file sharing sites such as The Pirate Bay.6 It quickly spread to
attacks on the website of the MPAA (Motion Picture Association of
America) and many other pro-copyright organizations. The operation's
rallying cry resonated strongly within its larger environment: bThey
call it piracy, we call it freedom.b
In the course of these actions, the political identity and
technological / tactical sophistication of Anonymous as a set of
politically oriented swarms expanded. In December 2010, after
WikiLeaks was cut off from receiving donations Operation Payback
refocused once again and disrupted the websites of MasterCard, Visa,
PayPal, and Bank of America. In January 2011, Anonymous refocused
again, attacking the websites of the Tunisian government. This
provided the bloggers in Tunisia with some sense of global solidarity
and, thanks to media attention Anonymous was focusing, also helped
to turn the international spotlight onto the beginnings of the Arab
Throughout 2011, the Anonymous swarms multiplied and innumerable calls
for action have been issued, some of them by attention seekers and
others hoping to profit from media frenzy. But this has not stopped
other swarms to attract people. On August 23, 2011 Anonymous released
a video calling for the occupation of Wall Street, taking up an idea
that the Canadian Adbusters Foundation had been promoting for a
couple of weeks.8 The involvement of Anonymous considerably raised
the profile of this idea and helped to move the dynamics towards the
tipping point where numerous independent initiative coalesced around
the proposed action, starting an open-ended occupation of Wall Street
on September 17, 2011.
Reaching the limits?
The outrageousness and flamboyance of Anonymous enables it us issue
slogans that are common sense to many -- like the aforementioned
equation of media piracy with freedom -- yet too radical anyone who
tries to be regarded as serious by the dominant powers, particularly
well-funded NGOs. This radicality galvanizes very significant, yet
latent energies where more measured b and breasonableb b statements
would receive lukewarm responses at best. This is contributing to
expanding again the scope of what can be debated in public, after
decades in which mainstream political discourse has narrowed to such a
degree that to even mention social inequality was viewed as in equal
measures old fashioned and outrageous.
Yet, for all the power of large scale, spontaneity this form of
organization cannot engage with the institutional world in any other
than destructive ways. At the moment, it cannot, and does not aim
at, building alternative institutions. It is, however, contributing
to the forging of a common, oppositional horizon that could make it
easier to coordinate further action. It has already hacked cracks
into many seemingly solid walls. To turn these cracks into something
constructive will be the tasks of others. But for now, Anonymous has
succeeded to expanded the space of the possible.
[1] Falkvinge, Rik. Swarmwise: What is a Swarm? (08.01.2011)
[2] Shirky, Clay (2008). Here Comes Everybody: The Power of Organizing
Without Organizations. New York, Penguin Press
[3] Holmes, Brian. Swarmachine. Continental Drift Blog (21.07.2007)
[4] Coleman, Gabriella. Anonymous b From the Lulz to
Collective Action. The New Significance. (09.05.2011)
[6] Ben Mhenni, Lina Tunisian girl, la bloggeuse de la rC)volution.
Indigene Paris, 2011

@_date: 2013-02-13 15:58:45
@_author: Felix Stalder 
@_subject: <nettime> Copy & Paste in Brussels 
It's interesting how ideas and experiences shift shapes over time.
For the few years now there has been a particularly German obsession
with plagiarism in academic dissertations. Initially, this has been
employed to embarrass political figures and promote a self-righteous
discourse of academic pedantry, but it has also led to a distributed
infrastructure/community for checking unacknowledged sources in texts.
And now, this infrastructure is used for quite different purposes:
matching lobbying text to legal documents that are being drafted by
the EU.
While nobody can be surprised by the fact that lobbyists do shape
legislation, it's still revealing to this this nicely visualized and
connected to the names of the MPs who did the actual copy & pasting.
-> Tory MEPs 'copy and paste Amazon and Google lobbyist text'
Senior Conservative MEPs have been accused of cutting and pasting text  from lobbyists from Amazon, Google and other major online enterprises  directly into legal amendments to European Union legislation on consumer  data protection
The European Parliament is debating a new EU "general data protection  regulation" with important implications for how internet search engines  and online retailers handle users' personal information, including  sensitive health, background and credit details.
The legislation, proposed by the European Commission a year ago, is going through the EU assembly, which has the power to amend the law, triggering a huge lobbying campaign by the internet industry to change the regulations.
Campaigners for tighter privacy laws covering social media and online  retailers have published research at  showing close links between the wording of industry proposals and amendments tabled in the European Parliament's committees.
The campaigners have charted what they claim are "striking similarities  between proposed amendments and lobby papers written by representatives of Amazon, eBay, the American Chamber of Commerce and the European Banking Federation". "Dozens of amendments are being copied word-for-word from corporate lobby papers," they said.
Privacy campaigners are concerned that industry amendments tabled by MEPs will dilute legal requirements allowing companies to water down tough new rules on the processing of sensitive, personal information and loosening a requirement for mandatory data protection supervisors within businesses.
Malcolm Harbour, Conservative MEP for the West Midlands and chairman of  the parliament's committee on the internal market and consumer protection, which is overseeing the legislation, has been accused of copying over 25 per cent of his amendments from industry.
Research found that 14 out of 55 amendments tabled by Mr Harbour were  "copied directly from lobby papers", with the senior Tory also taking a  coordinating role in getting other MEPs, to table similar changes in other Sajjad Karim, Conservative MEP for the North West of England and a member of the parliament's committee on legal affairs, proposed amendments "with over 23 per cent copy-pasted content".
Another Tory, Giles Chichester, MEP for South West England and Gibraltar  and a member of the committee on industry, research and energy, followed  with "over 22 per cent copy-pasted content".
While there is no suggestion of wrongdoing or breaches of the parliament's rules, privacy campaigners fear that MEPs are listening to industry and not "We would hope that MEPs are taking all sides of the argument into account when making law, not just the richest and most powerful corporate interests," said Anna Fielder, a trustee of Privacy International.
Mr Harbour insisted that listening to industry, and privacy campaigners,  was part of the democratic process and "disputed" the 25 per cent figure  "Many of our points were aimed at making the regulation fit for small  enterprises, many of whom feel that their businesses would be threatened  by the costs generated from certain provisions in the original proposal.  That was why we modified a number of the detailed requirements," he said.
"I do not believe we should immediately discount proposed amendments when they come from businesses that make use of and are responsible for  protecting personal data. I will continue to consider all amendments on  the basis of their merits in making the proposal more workable."
Mr Karim and Mr Chichester declined to comment, but Conservative sources  said that they had followed Mr Harbour's lead in tabling amendments.
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2013-03-02 15:36:50
@_author: Felix Stalder 
@_subject: <nettime> Bradley E. Manning's Statement for the Providence Inquiry 
[This is a remarkable statement, coming from a young person who has been  facing the most intense pressure over the last two years, which he largely spent in solitary confinement with the perspective of life in prison, or worse. His motivation, as he states it, was "revealing the true nature of twenty-first century asymmetric warfare."
Another thing that struck me was that that Manning offered the material  first to the Washington Post and the NYT. But they were not interested.  Only then did he approach Wikileaks.
The statement shows both the failure of the mainstream press, and the  importance Wikileaks, no matter what one might think of the way the  operation has been run, or the people running it. Felix]
This statement below was read by Private First Class Bradley E. Bradley at a providence inquiry for his formal plea of guilty to one specification as charged and nine specifications for lesser included offenses. He pled not guilty to 12 other specifications. This rush transcript was taken by journalist Alexa O'Brien at the Article 39(a) session of United States v. Pfc. Bradley Manning on February 28, 2013 at Fort Meade, MD, USA.
Judge Colonel Denise Lind: Pfc Manning you may read your statement.
Pfc Bradley Manning: Yes, your honor. I wrote this statement in the  confinement facility. The following facts are provided in support of the  providence inquiry for my court martial, United States v. Pfc Bradley E.  Personal facts I am a 25-year-old Private First Class in the United States Army currently assigned to Headquarters and Headquarters Company, HHC, US Army Garrison (USAG), Joint Base Myer, Henderson Hall, Fort Meyer, My [missed word] assignment I was assigned to HHC, 2nd Brigade Combat  Team, 10th Mountain Division at Fort Drum, NY. My primary military  occupational specialty or MOS is 35 Foxtrot intelligence analyst. I  entered active duty status on 2 October 2007. I enlisted with the hope of obtaining both real world experience and earning benefits under the GI Bill for college opportunities.
__Facts regarding my position as an intelligence analyst
In order to enlist in the Army I took the Standard Armed Services Aptitude Battery, My score on this battery was high enough for me to qualify for any enlisted MOS positon. My recruiter informed me that I should select an MOS that complimented my interests outside the military. In response, I told him that I was interested in geopolitical matters and information technology. He suggested that I consider becoming an intelligence analyst.
After researching the intelligence analyst position, I agreed that this  would be a good fit for me. In particular, I enjoyed the fact that an  analyst could use information derived from a variety of sources to create work products that informed the command of its available choices for determining the best course of action or COAs. Although the MOS required working knowledge of computers, it primarily required me to consider how raw information can be combined with other available intelligence sources in order to create products that assisted the command in its situational awareness or SA.
I accessed that my natural interest in geopolitical affairs and my  computer skills would make me an excellent intelligence analyst. After  enlisting I reported to the Fort Meade military entrance processing  station on 1 October 2007. I then traveled to and reported at Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri on 2 October 2007 to begin basic combat training or BCT.
Once at Fort Leonard Wood I quickly realized that I was neither physically nor mentally prepared for the requirements of basic training. My BCT experience lasted six months instead of the normal ten weeks. Due to medical issues, I was placed on a hold status. A physical examination  indicated that I sustained injuries to my right soldier and left foot.
Due to those injuries I was unable to continue "basic". During medical  hold, I was informed that I may be out processed from the Army, however, I resisted being chaptered out because I felt that I could overcome my  medical issues and continue to serve. On 2[8 or 20?] January 2008, I  returned to basic combat training. This time I was better prepared and I  completed training on 2 April 2008.
I then reported for the MOS specific Advanced Individual Training or AIT  on 7 April 2008. AIT was an enjoyable experience for me. Unlike basic  training where I felt different from the other soldiers, I fit in did  well. I preferred the mental challenges of reviewing a large amount of  information from various sources and trying to create useful or actionable products. I especially enjoyed the practice of analysis through the use of computer applications and methods that I was familiar with.
I graduated from AIT on 16 August 2008 and reported to my first duty  station, Fort Drum, NY on 28 August 2008. As an analyst, Significant  Activities or SigActs were a frequent source of information for me to use in creating work products. I started working extensively with SigActs early after my arrival at Fort Drum. My computer background allowed me to use the tools of organic to the Distributed Common Ground System-Army or D6-A computers to create polished work products for the 2nd Brigade Combat Team chain of command.
The non-commissioned officer in charge, or NCOIC, of the S2 section, then Master Sergeant David P. Adkins recognized my skills and potential and tasked me to work on a tool abandoned by a previously assigned analyst, the incident tracker. The incident tracker was viewed as a back up to the Combined Information Data Network Exchange or CIDNE and as a unit, historical reference to work with.
In the months preceding my upcoming deployment, I worked on creating a new version of the incident tracker and used SigActs to populate it. The  SigActs I used were from Afghanistan, because at the time our unit was  scheduled to deploy to the Logar and Wardak Provinces of Afghanistan.  Later my unit was reassigned to deploy to Eastern Baghdad, Iraq. At that  point, I removed the Afghanistan SigActs and switched to Iraq SigActs.
As and analyst I viewed the SigActs as historical data. I believed this  view is shared by other all-source analysts as well. SigActs give a first look impression of a specific or isolated event. This event can be an improvised explosive device attack or IED, small arms fire engagement or SAF engagement with a hostile force, or any other event a specific unit documented and recorded in real time.
In my perspective the information contained within a single SigAct or  group of SigActs is not very sensitive. The events encapsulated within  most SigActs involve either enemy engagements or causalities. Most of this information is publicly reported by the public affairs office or PAO, embedded media pools, or host nation HN media.
As I started working with SigActs I felt they were similar to a daily  journal or log that a person may keep. They capture what happens on a  particular day in time. They are created immediately after the event, and are potentially updated over a period of hours until final version is published on the Combined Information Data Network Exchange. Each unit has its own Standard Operating Procedure or SOP for reporting recording SigActs. The SOP may differ between reporting in a particular deployment and reporting in garrison.
In garrison a SigAct normally involves personnel issues such as driving  under the influence or DUI incidents or an automobile accident involving  the death or serious injury of a soldier. The reports starts at the  company level and goes up to the battalion, brigade, and even up to the  division level.
In deployed environment a unit may observe or participate in an event and a platoon leader or platoon sergeant may report the event as a SigAct to the company headquarters and the radio transmission operator or RTO. The commander or RTO will then forward the report to the battalion battle captain or battle non-commissioned officer or NCO. Once the battalion battle captain or battle NCO receives the report they will either (1) notify the battalion operations officer or S3; (2) conduct an action, such as launching a quick reaction force; or (3) record the event and report and further report it up the chain of command to the brigade.
The reporting of each event is done by radio or over the Secret Internet  Protocol Router Network or SIPRNet, normally by an assigned soldier,  usually junior enlisted E-4 and below. Once the SigAct is recorded, the  SigAct is further sent up the chain of command. At each level, additional information can either be added or corrected as needed. Normally within 24 to 48 hours, the updating and reporting or a particular SigAct is complete. Eventually all reports and SigActs go through the chain of command from brigade to division and division to corp. At corp level the SigAct is finalized and [missed word].
The CIDNE system contains a database that is used by thousands of  Department of Defense (DoD) personel including soldiers, civilians, and  contractors support. It was the United States Central Command or CENTCOM  reporting tool for operational reporting in Iraq and Afghanistan. Two  separate but similar databases were maintained for each theater bCIDNE-I  for Iraq and CIDNE-A for Afghanistan. Each database encompasses over a  hundred types of reports and other historical information for access. They contain millions of vetted and finalized directories including operational intelligence reporting.
CIDNE was created to collect and analyze battle-space data to provide  daily operational and Intelligence Community (IC) reporting relevant to a commander's daily decision making process. The CIDNE-I and CIDNE-A  databases contain reporting and analysis fields for multiple disciplines  including Human Intelligence or HUMINT reports, Psychological Operations  or PSYOP reports, Engagement reports, Counter Improvised Explosive Device or CIED reports, SigAct reports, Targeting reports, Social and Cultural reports, Civil Affairs reports, and Human Terrain reporting.
As an intelligence analyst, I had unlimited access to the CIDNE-I and  CIDNE-A databases and the information contained within them. Although each table within the database is important, I primarily dealt with HUMINT reports, SigAct reports and Counter IED reports, because these reports were used to create a work-product I was required to published as an analyst.
In working on an assignment I looked anywhere and everywhere for  information. As an all-source analyst, this was something that was  expected. The D6-A systems had databases built in, and I utilized them on a daily basis. This simply was b the search tools available on the D6-A systems on SIPRNet such as Query Tree and the DoD and Intellink search Primarily, I utilized the CIDNE database using the historical and HUMINT  reporting to conduct my analysis and provide a back up for my work  product. I did statistical analysis on historical data including SigActs  to back up analysis that were based on HUMINT reporting and produce  charts, graphs, and tables. I also created maps and charts to conduct  predictive analysis based on statistical trends. The SigAct reporting  provided a reference point for what occurred and provided myself and other analysts with the information to conclude possible outcome.
Although SigAct reporting is sensitive at the time of their creation,  their sensitivity normally dissipates within 48 to 72 hours as the  information is either publicly released or the unit involved is no longer in the area and not in danger.
It is my understanding that the SigAct reports remain classified only  because they are maintained within CIDNE b because it is only accessible  on SIPRnet. Everything on CIDNE-I and CIDNE-A to include SigAct reporting was treated as classified information.
__Facts regarding the storage of SigAct reports
As part of my training at Fort Drum, I was instructed to ensure that I  create back ups of my work product. The need to create back ups was  particularly acute given the relative instability and reliability of the  computer systems we used in the field during deployment. These computer  systems included both organic and theater provided equipment (TPE) D6-A  The organic D6-A machines we brought with us into the field on our  deployment were Dell [missed word] laptops and the TPE D6-A machines were Alienware brand laptops. The [M90?] D6-A laptops were the preferred  machine to use as they were slightly faster and had fewer problems with  dust and temperature than the theater provided Alienware laptops. I used  several D6-A machines during the deployment due to various technical  problems with the laptops.
With these issues several analysts lost information, but I never lost  information due to the multiple backups I created. I attempted to backup  as much relevant information as possible. I would save the information so that I or another analyst could quickly access it whenever a 1machine  crashed, SIPRnet connectivity was down, or I forgot where the data was  When backing up information I would do one or all of the following things based on my training:
1. Physical back up. I tried to keep physical back up copies of  information on paper so that the information could be grabbed quickly.  Also, it was easier to brief from hard copies of research and HUMINT  2. Local drive back up. I tried to sort out information I deemed relevant and keep complete copies of the information on each of the computers I used in the Temporary Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility or T-SCIF, including my primary and secondary D6-A machines. This was stored under my user profile on the desktop.
3. Shared drive backup. Each analyst had access to a T- drive b what we  called T-drive shared across the SIPRnet. It allowed others to access  information that was stored on it. S6 operated the T-drive.
4. Compact disk rewritable or CD-RW back up. For larger datasets I saved  the information onto a re-writable disk, labeled the disks, and stored  them in the conference room of the T-SCIF. This redundancy permitted us to not worry about information loss. If the system crashed, I could easily pull the information from a secondary computer, the T-drive, or one of the If another analysts wanted to access my data, but I was unavailable she  could find my published products directory on the T-drive or on the  CD-RWs. I sorted all of my products or research by date, time, and group; and updated the information on each of the storage methods to ensure that the latest information was available to them.
During the deployment I had several of the D6-A machines crash on me.  Whenever one of the computer crashed, I usually lost information but the  redundancy method ensured my ability to quickly restore old backup data  and add my current information to the machine when it was repaired or  I stored the backup CD-RW with larger datasets in the conference room of  the T-SCIF or next to my workstation. I marked the CD-RWs based on the  classification level and its content. Unclassified CD-RWs were only  labeled with the content type and not marked with classification markings. Early on in the deployment, I only saved and stored the SigActs that were within or near operational environment.
Later I thought it would be easier to just to save all of the SigActs onto a CD-RW. The process would not take very long to complete and so I  downloaded the SigActs from CIDNE-I onto a CD-RW. After finishing with  CIDNE-I, I did the same with CIDNE-A. By retrieving the CIDNE-I and  CIDNE-A SigActs I was able to retrieve the information whenever I needed  it, and not rely upon the unreliable and slow SIPRnet connectivity needed to pull. Instead, I could just find the CD-RW and open up a pre-loaded This process began in late December 2009 and continued through early  January 2010. I could quickly export one month of the SigAct data at a  time and download in the background as I did other tasks.
The process took approximately a week for each table. After downloading  the SigAct tables, I periodically updated them, by pulling the most recent SigActs and simply copying them and pasting them into the database saved on the CD-RW. I never hid the fact that I had downloaded copies of both the SigAct tables from CIDNE-I and CIDNE-A. They were stored on appropriately labeled and marked CD-RW, stored in the open.
I viewed this the saving copies of CIDNE-I and CIDNE-A as for both for my use and the use of anyone within the S2 section during the SIPRnet  connectivity issues.
In addition to the SigAct tables, I had a large repository of HUMINT  reports and Counter IED reports downloaded from CIDNE-I. These contained  reports that were relevant to the area in and around our operational  environment in Eastern Baghdad and the Diyala Province of Iraq.
In order to compress the data to fit onto a CD-RW, I used a compression  algorithm called "bzip2". The program used to compress the data is called WinRAR. WinRAR is an application that is free, and can be easily  downloaded from the internet via the Non-Secure Internet Relay Protocol  Network or NIPRnet. I downloaded WinRAR on NIPRnet and transfered it to  the D6-A machine user profile desktop using a CD-RW. I did not try to hide the fact that I was downloading WinRAR onto my SIPRnet D6-A machine or With the assistance of the bzip2 algorithm using the WinRAR program, I was able to fit All of the SigActs onto a single CD-RW and relevant HUMINT and Counter ID reports onto a separate CD-RW.
__Facts regarding my knowledge of the WikiLeaks organization or WLO
I first became vaguely aware of the WLO during my AIT at Fort Huachuca,  Arizona, although I did not fully pay attention until the WLO released  purported Short Messaging System or SMS messages from 11 September 2001 on 25 November 2009. At that time references to the release and the WLO  website showed up in my daily Google news open source search for  information related to US foreign policy.
The stories were about how WLO published about approximately 500,000  messages. I then reviewed the messages myself and realized that the posted messages were very likely real given the sheer volume and detail of the After this, I began conducting research on WLO. I conducted searched on  both NIPRnet and SIPRnet on WLO beginning in late November 2009 and early December 2009. At this time I also began to routinely monitor the WLO website. In response to one of my searches in 2009, I found the United States Army Counter Intelligence Center or USACIC report on the WikiLeaks organization. After reviewing the report, I believed that this report was possibly the one that my AIT referenced in early 2008.
I may or may not have saved the report on my D6-A workstation. I know I  reviewed the document on other occasions throughout early 2010, and saved it on both my primary and secondary laptops. After reviewing the report, I continued doing research on WLO. However, based upon my open-source collection, I discovered information that contradicted the 2008 USACIC report including information that indicated that similar to other press agencies, WLO seemed to be dedicated to exposing illegal activities and WLO received numerous award and recognition for its reporting activities. Also, in reviewing the WLO website, I found information regarding US military SOPs for Camp Delta at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba and information on the then outdated rules of engagement for ROE in Iraq for cross-border pursuits of former members of Saddam Hussein [missed word] government.
After seeing the information available on the WLO website, I continued  following it and collecting open sources information from it. During this time period, I followed several organizations and groups including wire press agencies such as the Associated Press and Reuters and private  intelligence agencies including Strategic Forecasting or Stratfor. This  practice was something I was trained to do during AIT, and was something  that good analysts were expected to do.
During the searches of WLO, I found several pieces of information that I  found useful in my work product in my work as an analyst, specifically I  recall WLO publishing documents related to weapons trafficking between two nations that affected my OP. I integrated this information into one or more of my work products.
In addition to visiting the WLO website, I began following WLO using  Instand Relay Chat or IRC Client called XChat sometime in early January  IRC is a protocol for real time internet communications by messaging and  conferencing, colloquially referred to as chat rooms or chats. The IRC  chat rooms are designed for group communication discussion forums. Each  IRC chat room is called a channel b similar to a Television where you can tune in or follow a channel b so long as it is open and does not require [missed word].
Once you [missed word] a specific IRC conversation, other users in the  conversation can see that you have joined the room. On the Internet there are millions of different IRC channels across several services. Channel topics span a range of topics covering all kinds of interests and hobbies. The primary reason for following WLO on IRC was curiosity b particularly in regards to how and why they obtained the SMS messages referenced above. I believed that collecting information on the WLO would assist me in this Initially I simply observed the IRC conversations. I wanted to know how  the organization was structured, and how they obtained their data. The  conversations I viewed were usually technical in nature but sometimes  switched to a lively debate on issue the particular individual may have  felt strongly about.
Over a period of time I became more involved in these discussions  especially when conversations turned to geopolitical events and  information technology topics, such as networking and encryption methods. Based on these observations, I would describe the WL organization as almost academic in nature. In addition to the WLO conversations, I participated in numerous other IRC channels acros at least three different networks. The other IRC channels I participated in normally dealt with technical topics including with Linux and Berkley Secure Distribution BSD operating systems or OSs, networking, encryption algorithms and techniques and other more political topics, such as politics and [missed word].
I normally engaged in multiple IRC conversations simultaneously bmostly  publicly, but often privately. The XChat client enabled me to manage these multiple conversations across different channels and servers. The screen for XChat was often busy, but its screens enabled me to see when something was interesting. I would then select the conversation and either observe or I really enjoyed the IRC conversations pertaining to and involving the  WLO, however, at some point in late February or early March of 2010, the  WLO IRC channel was no longer accessible. Instead, regular participants of this channel switched to using the Jabber server. Jabber is another  internet communication [missed word] similar but more sophisticated than  The IRC and Jabber conversations, allowed me to feel connected to others  even when alone. They helped pass the time and keep motivated throughout  the deployment.
__Facts regarding the unauthorized storage and disclosure of the SigActs
As indicated above I created copies of the CIDNE-I and CIDNE-A SigAct  tables as part of the process of backing up information. At the time I did so, I did not intend to use this information for any purpose other than for back up. However, I later decided to release this information publicly. At that time, I believe and still believe that these tables are two of the most significant documents of our time.
On 8 January 2010, I collected the CD-RW I stored in the conference room  of the T-SCIF and placed it into the cargo pocket of my ACU or Army Combat Uniform. At the end of my shift, I took the CD-RW out of the T-SCIF and brought it to my Containerized Housing Unit of CHU. I copied the data onto my personal laptop. Later at the beginning of my shift, I returned the CD-RW back to the conference room of the T-SCIF. At the time I saved the SigActs to my laptop, I planned to take them with me on mid-tour leave and decide what to do with them.
At some point prior to my mid-tour, I transfered the information from my  computer to a Secure Digital memory card from my digital camera. The SD  card for the camera also worked on my computer and allowed me to store the SigAct tables in a secure manner for transport.
I began mid-tour leave on 23 January 2010, flying from Atlanta, Georgia to Reagan National Airport in Virginia. I arrived at the home of my aunt, Debra M. Van Alstyne, in Potomac, Maryland and quickly got into contact with my then boyfriend, Tyler R. Watkins. Tyler, then a student at Brandeis University in Waltham, Massachusetts, and I made plans for me to visit him him Boston, Massachusetts [missed word].
I was excited to see Tyler and planned on talking to Tyler about where our relationship was going and about my time in Iraq. However, when I arrived in the Boston area Tyler and I seemed to become distant. He did not seem very excited about my return from Iraq. I tried talking to him about our relationship but he refused to make any plans.
I also tried to raising the topic of releasing the CIDNE-I and CIDNE-A  SigAct tables to the public. I asked Tyler hypothetical questions about  what he would do if he had documents that he thought the public needed  access to. Tyler really didn't have a specific answer for me. He tried to answer the questions and be supportive, but seemed confused by the  question in this context.
I then tried to be more specific, but he asked too many questions. Rather than try to explain my dilemma, I decided to just drop the conversation. After a few days in Waltham, I began to feel really bad. I was over staying my welcome, and I returned to Maryland. I spent the remainder of my time on leave in the Washington, DC area.
During this time a blizzard bombarded the mid-atlantic, and I spent a  significant period of time essentially stuck in my aunt's house in  Maryland. I began to think about what I knew and the information I still  had in my possession. For me, the SigActs represented the on the ground  reality of both the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan.
I felt that we were risking so much for people that seemed unwilling to  cooperate with us, leading to frustration and anger on both sides. I began to become depressed with the situation that we found ourselves  increasingly mired in year after year. The SigActs documented this in  great detail and provide a context of what we were seeing on the ground.
In attempting to conduct counter-terrorism or CT and counter-insurgency  COIN operations we became obsessed with capturing and killing human  targets on lists and not being suspicious of and avoiding cooperation with our Host Nation partners, and ignoring the second and third order effects of accomplishing short-term goals and missions. I believe that if the general public, especially the American public, had access to the  information contained within the CIDNE-I and CIDNE-A tables this could  spark a domestic debate on the role of the military and our foreign policy in general as [missed word] as it related to Iraq and Afghanistan.
I also believed the detailed analysis of the data over a long period of  time by different sectors of society might cause society to reevaluate the need or even the desire to even to engage in counterterrorism and  counterinsurgency operations that ignore the complex dynamics of the  people living in the effected environment everyday.
At my aunt's house I debated what I should do with the SigActs b in  particular whether I should hold on to them b or expose them through a  press agency. At this point I decided that it made sense to try to expose the SigAct tables to an American newspaper. I first called my local news paper, The Washington Post, and spoke with a woman saying that she was a reporter. I asked her if the Washington Post would be interested in receiving information that would have enormous value to the American Although we spoke for about five minutes concerning the general nature of what I possessed, I do not believe she took me seriously. She informed me that the Washington Post would possibly be interested, but that such decisions were made only after seeing the information I was referring to and after consideration by senior editors.
I then decided to contact [missed word] the most popular newspaper, The  New York Times. I called the public editor number on The New York Times  website. The phone rang and was answered by a machine. I went through the menu to the section for news tips. I was routed to an answering machine. I left a message stating I had access to information about Iraq and Afghanistan that I believed was very important. However, despite leaving my Skype phone number and personal email address, I never received a reply from The New York Times.
I also briefly considered dropping into the office for the Political  Commentary blog, Politico, however the weather conditions during my leave hampered my efforts to travel. After these failed efforts I had ultimately decided to submit the materials to the WLO. I was not sure if the WLO would actually publish these SigAct tables [missed a few words]. I was concerned that they might not be noticed by the American media. However, based upon what I read about the WLO through my research described above, this seemed to be the best medium for publishing this information to the world within my reach.
At my aunts house I joined in on an IRC conversation and stated I had  information that needed to be shared with the world. I wrote that the  information would help document the true cost of the wars in Iraq and  Afghanistan. One of the individuals in the IRC asked me to describe the  information. However, before I could describe the information another  individual pointed me to the link for the WLO web site online submission  system. After ending my IRC connection, I considered my options one more  time. Ultimately, I felt that the right thing to do was to release the  On 3 February 2010, I visited the WLO website on my computer and clicked  on the submit documents link. Next I found the submit your information  online link and elected to submit the SigActs via the onion router or TOR anonymizing network by special link. TOR is a system intended to provide anonymity online. The software routes internet traffic through a network of servers and other TOR clients in order to conceal the user's location and I was familiar with TOR and had it previously installed on a computer to  anonymously monitor the social media website of militia groups operating  within central Iraq. I followed the prompts and attached the compressed  data files of CIDNE-I and CIDNE-A SigActs. I attached a text file I  drafted while preparing to provide the documents to the Washington Post.  It provided rough guidelines saying: "It's already been sanitized of any  source identifying information. You might need to sit on this information b perhaps 90 to 100 days to figure out how best to release such a large amount of data and to protect its source. This is possibly one of the more significant documents of our time removing the fog of war and revealing the true nature of twenty-first century asymmetric warfare. Have a good day."
After sending this, I left the SD card in a camera case at my aunt's house in the event I needed it again in the future. I returned from mid-tour leave on 11 February 2010. Although the information had not yet been publicly by the WLO, I felt this sense of relief by them having it. I felt I had accomplished something that allowed me to have a clear conscience based upon what I had seen and read about and knew were happening in both Iraq and Afghanistan everyday.
__Facts regarding the unauthorized storage and disclosure of 10 Reykjavik 13
I first became aware of the diplomatic cables during my training period in AIT. I later learned about the Department of State or DoS Net-centric  Diplomacy NCD portal from the 2/10 Brigade Combat Team S2, Captain Steven Lim. Captain Lim sent a section wide email to the other analysts and officer in late December 2009 containing the SIPRnet link to the portal along with the instructions to look at the cables contained within them and to incorporate them into our work product.
Shortly after this I also noticed the diplomatic cables were being  reported to in products from the corp level US Forces Iraq or US-I. Based upon Captain Lim's direction to become familiar with its contents, I read virtually every published cable concerning Iraq.
I also began scanning the database and reading other random cables that  piqued my curiosity. It was around this time b in early to mid-January of 2010, that I began searching the database for information on Iceland. I became interested in Iceland due to the IRC conversations I viewed in the WLO channel discussing an issue called Icesave. At this time I was not very familiar with the topic, but it seemed to be a big issue for those participating in the conversation. This is when I decided to investigate and conduct a few searches on Iceland and find out more.
At the time, I did not find anything discussing the Icesave issue either  directly or indirectly. I then conducted an open source search for  Icesave. I then learned that Iceland was involved in a dispute with the  United Kingdom and the Netherlands concerning the financial collapse of  one or more of Iceland's banks. According to open source reporting much of the public controversy involved the United Kingdom's use of anti-terrorism legislation against Iceland in order to freeze Icelandic access for payment of the guarantees for UK depositors that lost money.
Shortly after returning from mid-tour leave, I returned to the Net Centric Diplomacy portal to search for information on Iceland and Icesave as the topic had not abated on the WLO IRC channel. To my surprise, on 14 February 2010, I found the cable 10 Reykjavik 13, which referenced the Icesave issue The cable published on 13 January 2010 was just over two pages in length. I read the cable and quickly concluded that Iceland was essentially being bullied diplomatically by two larger European powers. It appeared to me that Iceland was out viable options and was coming to the US for assistance. Despite the quiet request for assistance, it did not appear that we were going to do anything.
the lack of long term geopolitical benefit to do so. After digesting the contents of 10 Reykjavik 13 I debated whether this was something I should send to the WLO. At this point the WLO had not published or acknowledged receipt of the CIDNE-I and CIDNE-A tables. Despite not knowing that the SigActs were a priority for the WLO, I decided the cable was something that would be important. I felt that I would be able to right a wrong by having them publish this document. I burned the information onto a CD-RW on 15 February 2010, took it to my CHU, and saved it onto my personal laptop.
I navigated to the WLO website via a TOR connection like before and  uploaded the document via the secure form. Amazingly, when WLO published  10 Reykjavik 13 within hours, proving that the form worked and that they  must have received the SigAct tables.
__Facts regarding the unauthorized storage and disclosure of the 12 July  2007 aerial weapons team or AW team video
During the mid-February 2010 time frame the 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division targeting analysts, then Specialist Jihrleah W. Showman discussed a video that Ms. Showman had found on the T-drive.
The video depicted several individuals being engaged by an aerial weapons team. At first I did not consider the video very special, as I have viewed countless other war porn type videos depicting combat. However, the recording of audio comments by the aerial weapons team crew and the second engagement in the video of an unarmed bongo truck troubled me.
As Showman and a few other analysts and officers in the T-SCIF commented  on the video and debated whether the crew violated the rules of engagement or ROE in the second engagement, I shied away from this debate, instead conducting some research on the event. I wanted to learn what happened and whether there was any background to the events of the day that the event occurred, 12 July 2007.
Using Google I searched for the event by its date by its general location. I found several new accounts involving two Reuters employees who were killed during the aerial weapon team engagement. Another story explained that Reuters had requested for a copy of the video under the Freedom of Information Act or FOIA. Reuters wanted to view the video in order to understand what had happened and to improve their safety practices in combat zones. A spokesperson for Reuters was quoted saying that the video might help avoid the reoccurrence of the tragedy and believed there was a compelling need for the immediate release of the video.
Despite the submission of the FOIA request, the news account explained  that CENTCOM replied to Reuters stating that they could not give a time  frame for considering a FOIA request and that the video might no longer  exist. Another story I found written a year later said that even though  Reuters was still pursuing their request. They still did not receive a  formal response or written determination in accordance with FOIA.
The fact neither CENTCOM or Multi National Forces Iraq or MNF-I would not voluntarily release the video troubled me further. It was clear to me that the event happened because the aerial weapons team mistakenly identified Reuters employees as a potential threat and that the people in the bongo truck were merely attempting to assist the wounded. The people in the van were not a threat but merely "good samaritans". The most alarming aspect of the video to me, however, was the seemly delightful bloodlust they appeared to have.
The dehumanized the individuals they were engaging and seemed to not value human life by referring to them as quote "dead bastards" unquote and congratulating each other on the ability to kill in large numbers. At one point in the video there is an individual on the ground attempting to crawl to safety. The individual is seriously wounded. Instead of calling for medical attention to the location, one of the aerial weapons team crew members verbally asks for the wounded person to pick up a weapon so that he can have a reason to engage. For me, this seems similar to a child torturing ants with a magnifying glass.
While saddened by the aerial weapons team crew's lack of concern about  human life, I was disturbed by the response of the discovery of injured  children at the scene. In the video, you can see that the bongo truck  driving up to assist the wounded individual. In response the aerial  weapons team crew b as soon as the individuals are a threat, they  repeatedly request for authorization to fire on the bongo truck and once  granted they engage the vehicle at least six times.
Shortly after the second engagement, a mechanized infantry unit arrives at the scene. Within minutes, the aerial weapons team crew learns that  children were in the van and despite the injuries the crew exhibits no  remorse. Instead, they downplay the significance of their actions, saying quote "Well, it's their fault for bringing their kids into a battle" The aerial weapons team crew members sound like they lack sympathy for the children or the parents. Later in a particularly disturbing manner, the aerial weapons team verbalizes enjoyment at the sight of one of the ground vehicles driving over a body b or one of the bodies. As I continued my research, I found an article discussing the book, The Good Soldiers, written by Washington Post writer David Finkel.
In Mr. Finkel book, he writes about the aerial weapons team attack. As, I read an online excerpt in Google Books, I followed Mr. Finkel's account of the event belonging to the video. I quickly realize that Mr. Finkel was quoting, I feel in verbatim, the audio communications of the aerial weapons team crew.
It is clear to me that Mr. Finkel obtained access and a copy of the video during his tenue as an embedded journalist. I was aghast at Mr. Finkel's portrayal of the incident. Reading his account, one would believe the engagement was somehow justified as "payback" for an earlier attack that lead to the death of a soldier. Mr. Finkel ends his account by discussing how a soldier finds an individual still alive from the attack. He writes that the soldier finds him and sees him gesture with his two forefingers together, a common method in the Middle East to communicate that they are friendly. However, instead of assisting him, the soldier makes an obscene gesture extending his middle finger.
The individual apparently dies shortly thereafter. Reading this, I can  only think of how this person was simply trying to help others, and then  he quickly finds he needs help as well. To make matter worse, in the last moments of his life, he continues to express his friendly gesture b only to find himself receiving this well known gesture of unfriendliness. For me it's all a big mess, and I am left wondering what these things mean, and how it all fits together. It burdens me emotionally.
I saved a copy of the video on my workstation. I searched for and found  the rules of engagement, the rules of engagement annexes, and a flow chart from the 2007 time period b as well as an unclassified Rules of Engagement smart card from 2006. On 15 February 2010 I burned these documents onto a CD-RW, the same time I burned the 10 Reykjavik 13 cable onto a CD-RW. At the time, I placed the video and rules for engagement information onto my personal laptop in my CHU. I planned to keep this information there until I redeployed in Summer 2010. I planned on providing this to the Reuters office in London to assist them in preventing events such as this in the However, after the WLO published 10 Reykjavik 13 I altered my plans. I  decided to provide the video and the rules of engagement to them so that  Reuters would have this information before I re-deployed from Iraq. On  about 21 February 2010, I described above, I used the WLO submission form and uploaded the documents. The WLO released the video on 5 April 2010. After the release, I was concern about the impact of the video and how it would been received by the general public.
I hoped that the public would be as alarmed as me about the conduct of the aerial weapons team crew members. I wanted the American public to know that not everyone in Iraq and Afghanistan are targets that needed to be neutralized, but rather people who were struggling to live in the pressure cooker environment of what we call asymmetric warfare. After the release I was encouraged by the response in the media and general public, who observed the aerial weapons team video. As I hoped, others were just as troubled b if not more troubled that me by what they saw.
At this time, I began seeing reports claiming that the Department of  Defense an CENTCOM could not confirm the authenticity of the video.  Additionally, one of my supervisors, Captain Casey Fulton, stated her  belief that the video was not authentic. In her response, I decided to  ensure that the authenticity of the video would not be questioned in the  future. On 25 February 2010, I emailed Captain Fulton, a link to the video that was on our T-drive, and a copy of the video published by WLO that was collected by the open source center, so she could compare them herself.
Around this time frame, I burned a second CD-RW containing the aerial  weapons team video. In order to made it appear authentic, I placed a  classification sticker and wrote Reuters FOIA REQ on its face. I placed  the CD-RW in one of my personal CD cases containing a set of "Starting Out in Arabic" CD's. I planned on mailing out the CD-RW to Reuters after our re-deployment, so they could have a copy that was unquestionably  Almost immediately after submitting the aerial weapons team video and  rules of engagement documents I notified the individuals in the WLO IRC to expect an important submission. I received a response from an individual going by the handle of "Ox" - at first our conversations were general in nature, but over time as our conversations progressed, I accessed this individual to be an important part of the WLO.
Due to the strict adherence of anonymity by the WLO, we never exchanged  identifying information. However, I believe the individual was likely Mr. Julian Assange [he pronounced it with three syllables], Mr. Daniel  Schmidt, or a proxy representative of Mr. Assange and Schmidt.
As the communications transfered from IRC to the Jabber client, I gave  "Ox" and later "pressassociation" the name of Nathaniel Frank in my  address book, after the author of a book I read in 2009.
After a period of time, I developed what I felt was a friendly  relationship with Nathaniel. Our mutual interest in information technology and politics made our conversations enjoyable. We engaged in conversation often. Sometimes as long as an hour or more. I often looked forward to my conversations with Nathaniel after work.
The anonymity that was provided by TOR and the Jabber client and the WLO's policy allowed me to feel I could just be myself, free of the concerns of social labeling and perceptions that are often placed upon me in real life. In real life, I lacked a closed friendship with the people I worked with in my section, the S2 section.
In my section, the S2 section supported battalions and the 2nd Brigade  Combat Team as a whole. For instance, I lacked close ties with my roommate to his discomfort regarding my perceived sexual orientation. Over the next few months, I stayed in frequent contact with Nathaniel. We conversed on nearly a daily basis and I felt that we were developing a friendship.
Conversations covered many topics and I enjoyed the ability to talk about pretty much everything, and not just the publications that the WLO was working on. In retrospect that these dynamics were artificial and were valued more by myself than Nathaniel. For me these conversations  represented an opportunity to escape from the immense pressures and  anxiety that I experienced and built up through out the deployment. It  seems that as I tried harder to fit in at work, the more I seemed to  alienate my peers and lose respect, trust, and support I needed.
__Facts regarding the unauthorized storage and disclosure of documents  related to the detainments by the Iraqi Federal Police or FP, and the  detainee assessment briefs, and the USACIC United States Army  counter-intelligence center report
On 27 February 2010, a report was received from a subordinate battalion.  The report described an event in which the Federal Police or FP detained  15 individuals for printing anti-Iraqi literature. On 2 March 2010, I  received instructions from an S3 section officer in the 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division Tactical Operation Center or TOC to  investigate the matter, and figure out who the quote "bad guys" unquote  were and how significant this event was for the Federal Police.
Over the course of my research I found that none of the individuals had  previous ties to anti-Iraqi actions or suspected terrorist militia groups. A few hours later, I received several [playlist?] from the scene b from this subordinate battalion. They were accidentally sent to an officer on a different team on the S2 section and she forwarded them to me.
These photos included picture of the individuals, pallets of unprinted  paper and seized copies of the final printed material or the printed  document; and a high resolution photo of the printed material itself. I  printed up one [missed word] copy of a high resolution photo b I laminated it for ease of use and transfer. I then walked to the TOC and delivered the laminated copy to our category two interpreter.
She reviewed the information and about a half and hour later delivered a  rough written transcript in English to the S2 section. I read the  transcript and followed up with her, asking her for her take on the  content. She said it was easy for her to transcribe verbatim, since I blew up the photograph and laminated it. She said the general nature of the document was benign. The document, as I had sensed as well, was merely a scholarly critique of the then current Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri It detailed corruption within the cabinet of al-Maliki's government and  the financial impact of his corruption on the Iraqi people. After  discovering this discrepancy between the Federal Police's report and the  interpreter's transcript, I forwarded this discovery to the top OIC and  the battle NCOIC. The top OIC and the overhearing battle captain informed me that they didn't need or want to know this information anymore. They told me to quote "drop it" unquote and to just assist them and the Federal Police in finding out, where more of these print shops creating quote "anti-Iraqi literature" unquote.
I couldn't believe what I heard and I returned to the T-SCIF and  complained to the other analysts and my section NCOIC about what happened. Some were sympathetic, but no one wanted to do anything about it.
I am the type of person who likes to know how things work. And, as an  analyst, this means I always want to figure out the truth. Unlike other  analysts in my section or other sections within the 2nd Brigade Combat  Team, I was not satisfied with just scratching the surface and producing  canned or cookie cutter assessments. I wanted to know why something was  the way it was, and what we could to correct or mitigate a situation.
I knew that if I continued to assist the Baghdad Federal Police in  identifying the political opponents of Prime Minister al-Maliki, those  people would be arrested and in the custody of the Special Unit of the  Baghdad Federal Police and very likely tortured and not seen again for a  very long time b if ever.
Instead of assisting the Special Unit of the Baghdad Federal Police, I  decided to take the information and expose it to the WLO, in the hope that before the upcoming 7 March 2010 election, they could generate some  immediate press on the issue and prevent this unit of the Federal Police  from continuing to crack down in political opponents of al-Maliki.
On 4 March 2010, I burned the report, the photos, the high resolution copy of the pamphlet, and the interpreters hand written transcript onto a CD-RW. I took the CD-RW to my CHU and copied the data onto my personal computer. Unlike the times before, instead of uploading the information through the WLO website submission form. I made a Secure File Transfer Protocol or SFTP connection to a file drop box operated by the WLO.
The drop box contained a folder that allowed me to upload directly into  it. Saving files into this directory. Allowed anyone with log in access to server to view and download them. After uploading these files to the WLO, on 5 March 2010, I notified Nathaniel over Jabber. Although sympathetic, he said that the WLO needed more information to confirm the event in order for it to be published or to gain interest in the international media.
I attempted to provide the specifics, but to my disappointment, the WLO  website chose not to publish this information. At the same time, I began  sifting through information from the US Southern Command or SOUTHCOM and  Joint Task Force Guantanamo, Cuba or JTF-GTMO. The thought occurred to me b although unlikely, that I wouldn't be surprised if the individuals  detainees by the Federal Police might be turned over back into US custody b and ending up in the custody of Joint Task Force Guantanamo.
As I digested through the information on Joint Task Force Guantanamo, I  quickly found the Detainee Assessment Briefs or DABs. I previously came  across the documents before in 2009 but did not think much about them.  However, this time I was more curious in this search and I found them The DABs were written in standard DoD memorandum format and addressed the commander US SOUTHCOM. Each memorandum gave basic and background  information about a detainee held at some point by Joint Task Force  Guantanamo. I have always been interested on the issue of the moral  efficacy of our actions surrounding Joint Task Force Guantanamo. On the  one hand, I have always understood the need to detain and interrogate  individuals who might wish to harm the United States and our allies,  however, I felt that what we were trying to do at Joint Task Force  However, the more I became educated on the topic, it seemed that we found ourselves holding an increasing number of individuals indefinitely that we believed or knew to be innocent, low level foot soldiers that did not have useful intelligence and would be released if they were still held in I also recall that in early 2009 the, then newly elected president, Barack Obama, stated that he would close Joint Task Force Guantanamo, and that the facility compromised our standing over all, and diminished our quote "moral authority" unquote.
After familiarizing myself with the Detainee Assessment Briefs, I agree.  Reading through the Detainee Assessment Briefs, I noticed that they were  not analytical products, instead they contained summaries of tear line  versions of interim intelligence reports that were old or unclassified.  None of the DABs contained the names of sources or quotes from tactical  interrogation reports or TIRs. Since the DABs were being sent to the US  SOUTHCOM commander, I assessed that they were intended to provide very  general background information on each of the detainees and not a detailed In addition to the manner in which the DABs were written, I recognized  that they were at least several years old, and discussed detainees that  were already released from Joint Task Force Guantanamo. Based on this, I  determined that the DAB's were not very important fro either an  intelligence or a national security standpoint. On 7 March 2010, during my Jabber conversation with Nathaniel, I asked him if he thought the DAB's were of any use to anyone.
Nathaniel indicated, although he did not believe that they were of  political significance, he did believe that they could be used to merge  into the general historical account of what occurred at Joint Task Force  Guantanamo. He also thought that the DABs might be helpful to the legal  counsel of those currently and previously held at JTF-GTMO.
After this discussion, I decided to download the data. I used an  application called Wget to download the DAB's. I downloaded Wget off of  the NIPRnet laptop in the T-SCIF, like other programs. I saved that onto a CD-RW, and placed the executable in my "My Documents" directory on my user profile, on the D6-A SIPRnet workstation.
On 7 March 2010, I took the list of links for the detainee assessment  briefs, and Wget downloaded them sequentially. I burned the data onto a  CD-RW, and took it into my CHU, and copied them onto my personal computer. On 8 March 2010, I combined the Detainee Assessment Briefs with the United States Army Counterintelligence Center reports on the WLO, into a compressed IP file. Zip files contain multiple files which are compressed to reduce their size.
After creating the zip file, I uploaded the file onto their cloud drop box via Secure File Transfer Protocol. Once these were uploaded, I notified Nathaniel that the information was in the X-directory, which had been designated for my own use. Earlier that day, I downloaded the USACIC report on WLO.
As discussed about, I previously reviewed the report on numerous occasions and although I saved the document onto the work station before, I could not locate it. After I found the document again, I downloaded it to my work station, and saved it onto the same CD-RW as the Detainee Assessment Briefs described above.
Although my access included a great deal of information, I decided I had  nothing else to send to WLO after sending the Detainee Assessment Briefs  and the USACIC report. Up to this point I had sent them the following: the CIDNE-I and CIDNE-A SigActs tables; the Reykjavik 13 Department of State Cable; the 12 July 2007 aerial weapons team video and the 2006-2007 rules of engagement documents; the SigAct report and supporting documents concerning the 15 individuals detained by the Baghdad Federal Police; the USSOUTHCOM and Joint Task Force Guantanamo Detainee Assessment Briefs; a USACIC report on the WikiLeaks website and the WikiLeaks organization.
Over the next few weeks I did not send any additional information to the  WLO. I continued to converse with Nathaniel over the Jabber client and in the WLO IRC channel. Although I stopped sending documents to WLO, no one associated with the WLO pressures me into giving more information. The decisions that I made to send documents and information to the WLO and the website were my own decisions, and I take full responsibility for my __Facts regarding the unauthorized disclosure of other government documents
One 22 March 2010, I downloaded two documents. I found these documents  over the course of my normal duties as an analysts. Based on my training  and the guidance of my superiors, I look at as much information as Doings so provided me with the ability to make connections that others  might miss. On several occasions during the month of March, I accessed  information from a Government entity. I read several documents from a  section within this Government entity. The content of two of these  documents upset me greatly. I had difficulty believing what this section  was doing.
On 22 March 2010, I downloaded the two documents that I found troubling. I compressed them into a zip file named blah.zip and burned them onto a  CD-RW. I took the CD-RW to my CHU and saved the file to my personal  I uploaded the information to the WLO website using the designated prompts.
__Facts regarding the unauthorized storage and disclosure of the  net-centric diplomacy Department of State cables
In late March of 2010, I received a warning over Jabber from Nathaniel,  that the WLO website would be publishing the aerial weapons team video. He indicated that the WLO would be very busy and the frequency and intensity of our Jabber conversations decrease significantly. During this time, I had nothing but work to distract me.
I read more of the diplomatic cables published on the Department of State Net Centric Diplomacy. With my insatiable curiosity and interest in geopolitics I became fascinated with them. I read not only the cables on Iraq, but also about countries and events that I found interesting.
The more I read, the more I was fascinated with the way that we dealt with other nations and organizations. I also began to think the documented backdoor deals and seemingly criminal activity that didn't seem characteristic of the de facto leader of the free world.
Up to this point,during the deployment, I had issues I struggled with and difficulty at work. Of the documents release, the cables were the only one I was not absolutely certain couldn't harm the United States. I conducted research on the cables published on the Net Centric Diplomacy, as well as how Department of State cables worked in general.
In particular, I wanted to know how each cable was published on SIRPnet  via the Net Centric Diplomacy. As part of my open source research, I found a document published by the Department of State on its official website.
The document provided guidance on caption markings for individual cables  and handling instructions for their distribution. I quickly learned the  caption markings clearly detailed the sensitivity of the Department of  State cables. For example, NODIS or No Distribution was used for messages at the highest sensitivity and were only distributed to the authorized The SIPDIS or SIPRnet distribution caption was applied only to recording  of other information messages that were deemed appropriate for a release  for a wide number of individuals. According to the Department of State  guidance for a cable to have the SIPDIS [missed word] caption, it could  not include other captions that were intended to limit distribution.
The SIPDIS caption was only for information that could only be shared with anyone with access to SIPRnet. I was aware that thousands of military personel, DoD, Department of State, and other civilian agencies had easy access to the tables. The fact that the SIPDIS caption was only for wide distribution made sense to me, given that the vast majority of the Net Centric Diplomacy Cables were not classified.
The more I read the cables, the more I came to the conclusion that this  was the type of information that should become public. I once read a and  used a quote on open diplomacy written after the First World War and how  the world would be a better place if states would avoid making secret  pacts and deals with and against each other.
I thought these cables were a prime example of a need for a more open  diplomacy. Given all of the Department of State cables that I read, the  fact that most of the cables were unclassified, and that all the cables  have a SIPDIS caption.
I believe that the public release of these cables would not damage the  United States, however, I did believe that the cables might be  embarrassing, since they represented very honest opinions and statements  behind the backs of other nations and organizations.
In many ways these cables are a catalogue of cliques and gossip. I  believed exposing this information might make some within the Department  of State and other government entities unhappy. On 22 March 2010, I began downloading a copy of the SIPDIS cables using the program Wget, described I used instances of the Wget application to download the Net Centric  Diplomacy cables in the background. As I worked on my daily tasks, the Net centric Diplomacy cables were downloaded from 28 March 2010 to 9 April 2010. After downloading the cables, I saved them on to a CD-RW.
These cables went from the earliest dates in Net Centric Diplomacy to 28  February 2010. I took the CD-RW to my CHU on 10 April 2010. I sorted the  cables on my personal computer, compressed them using the bzip2  compression algorithm described above, and uploaded them to the WLO via  designated drop box described above.
On 3 May 2010, I used Wget to download and update of the cables for the  months of March 2010 and April 2010 and saved the information onto a zip  file and burned it to a CD-RW. I then took the CD-RW to my CHU and saved  those to my computer. I later found that the file was corrupted during the transfer. Although I intended to re-save another copy of these cables, I was removed from the T-SCIF on 8 May 2010 after an altercation.
__Facts regarding the unauthorized storage and disclosure of Garani, Farah Province Afghanistan 15-6 Investigation and Videos
In late March 2010, I discovered a US CENTCOM directly on a 2009 airstrike in Afghanistan. I was searching CENTCOM I could use as an analyst. As described above, this was something that myself and other officers did on a frequent basis. As I reviewed the incident and what happened. The airstrike occurred in the Garani village in the Farah Province, Northwestern Afghanistan. It received worldwide press coverage during the time as it was reported that up to 100 to 150 Afghan civilians b mostly women and children b were accidentally killed during the airstrike.
After going through the report and the [missed word] annexes, I began to  review the incident as being similar to the 12 July 2007 aerial weapons  team engagements in Iraq. However, this event was noticeably different in that it involved a significantly higher number of individuals, larger  aircraft and much heavier munitions. Also, the conclusions of the report  are more disturbing than those of the July 2007 incident.
I did not see anything in the 15-6 report or its annexes that gave away  sensitive information. Rather, the investigation and its conclusions were and what those involved should have done, and how to avoid an event like this from occurring again.
After investigating the report and its annexes, I downloaded the 15-6  investigation, PowerPoint presentations, and several other supporting  documents to my D6-A workstation. I also downloaded three zip files  containing the videos of the incident. I burned this information onto a  CD-RW and transfered it to the personal computer in my CHU. I did later  that day or the next day b I uploaded the information to the WL website  this time using a new version of the WLO website submission form.
Unlike other times using the submission form above, I did not activate the TOR anonymizer.
Your honor, this concludes my statement and facts for this providence

@_date: 2013-10-11 10:19:31
@_author: Felix Stalder 
@_subject: <nettime> Pascal Zachary: Rules for the Digital Panopticon (IEEE) 
The concept of the panopticon has been very popular ever since Foucault
elevated it to the rank of a central metaphor for modernity in
"Discipline and Punishment" (1975). And the NSA revelations seem to
confirm its usefulness once again.
But I think this is mistaken. We are not living in a panoptic world at
all, at least not in the Bentham/Foucault sense of the term (is there
any other?).
I follow here largely Zygmunt Bauman, one of the last negative thinkers
in the European tradition. He makes two arguments against in this regard:
First: "Today's Big Brother is not about keeping people in and making
them stick to the line, but about kicking people out and making sure
that when they are kicked out that they will duly go and won't come back."
And, more importantly, Bauman argues, power hates the
responsibility/costs that comes with being a prison guard / running a
prison (assuming they have not been turned into a source of profit).
They don't want to be tied down, together with the inmates. They want
to be mobile, weightless and separate.
So surveillance has been decentralized and turned into task performed
by the prison inmates themselves, and make into a precondition for
staying inside: think credit ratings, facebook friends, google ranks
etc. You have to make yourself continuously and actively available for
surveillance, provide your own data, in your own time and at your own
costs, in order to avoid big brother to jump into action and kick you
Some people are using the concept of "ban-opticon" to express this.
