
@_date: 2000-12-05 22:35:52
@_author: Trotter, Frank 
@_subject: ecash, cut & choose and private credentials 
Hash: SHA1
James Donald replied:
Hettinga replied:
There are a host of issues that prevented the widespread use of
eCash(tm), or perhaps better phrased didn't properly incent the
widespread use of eCash in the mid-1990's.  Certainly a number of the
decisions I made contributed, but I don't believe that the merchant
criteria was even a blip despite the firestorm the action created
within a narrow community - see
 for a contemporaneous
and at the time much appreciated commentary from you-know-who.
Ultimately any "value transfer system" must be broadly accepted
across personal, business and institutional entities (yes I think the
latter two are different) - today all of these can interchangeably
use cash, checks, ach or wires for example.  The combination of
credit quality, trust, and lowest transaction costs must all be
present for something to replace our current mediums.
When value is involved wealth-owners tend to focus first on the trust
and credit issues - if your wealth disappears then it just doesn't
matter what the transaction costs are.  Some recent discussions on or
near this list of perceived issues with PayPal and e-gold point out
that the trust factor includes all participants agreeing on the rules
of engagement.
To achieve the primary trust and credit goals of wealth owners and
within the constructs that are available to us today this seems to
mean that regulated financial institutions may need to be involved,
but the form and content are yet to be determined.
Personal comments only.
Frank O. Trotter, III
President - everbank.com
Spank your banker and come on over to
everbank is a Division of Wilmington
Savings Fund Society, FSB
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2000-12-07 11:40:35
@_author: Trotter, Frank 
@_subject: Knowing your customer 
Hash: SHA1
On Thursday, December 07, 2000 10:09 AM
The Following Was Transmitted:
It is in fact required of US entities.
There are two issues here.
If you are a non-resident alien (an "NRA" - I've always loved that
term) you can sign a W-8 stating that you are an NRA and that you are
not required to have a TIN or SSN.  That takes care of you from that
angle and by definition you don't need a number.
The more difficult element is the "know your customer" rule where
such a signing doesn't really prove anything.  At the end of the day,
the bank - and more specifically an individual banker is personally
liable (the "banker goes to jail" principal) - is required both to
assert that they know the customer and in the event of untoward
activity, which is rather broadly defined, report such activity to
the authorities if it is discovered or !!! should have been
discovered !!! - This latter principal IMO is the one that creates
the extreme level of conservative behavior in the US.
Personal comments only.
Frank O. Trotter, III
President - everbank.com
Spank your banker and come on over to
everbank is a Division of Wilmington
Savings Fund Society, FSB
--- end forwarded text
