
@_date: 1995-12-02 05:08:35
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Media Advisory: GAK on Dec 5 
Sounds like they want both GAK and brute force attacks to work.  Perhaps
they are worried that Labour will win in Britain and turn off their access
to the British GAK agent.
Bill Frantz

@_date: 1995-12-02 05:09:36
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Barring access to Netscape 
IMHO, all the people who are planning to alter web pages to deal with the
Netscape/GAK issue should consider the following points:
(1) A recent large web site reported that 95% of their accesses were from
Netscape browsers.
(2) You want to inform the public and put pressure on Netscape, not piss
off the people using netscape browsers.  A quick, one page, detour would
seem appropriate, but not denial of access or other hostile acts.
(3) You should save some room for esclation.  (e.g. denial of access etc.) Don't hit them with everything in the first round.
(4) Any list of alternative browsers has to include at least one viable
browser for each of the major platforms.  (At least, Windows, Mac, SunOS,
Solaris, HP, AIX, BSD, Linux.  Probably a lot more.)
Bill Frantz

@_date: 1995-12-08 11:50:12
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Still more on the Digicash protocol 
Wouldn't a Diffie-Hellman key exchange work here?  Or is that too much overhead?
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1995-12-14 03:42:43
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Timing Cryptanalysis Attack 
Of course you can spend the time doing exponentiation of random
(pseudorandom would probably do) numbers, and when the timer pops, longjump
out to return your answer.
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1995-12-16 06:49:01
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: "Strongly Voluntary" Key Escrow 
I suggest Forced Key Deposit (FKD) (when some non-governmental entity e.g.
an employer forces you to send copies of your keys to some depository), and
Voluntary Key Deposit (VKD), when you chose to deposit a copy of your key
with some third party.  I love the way GAK sounds, so I support it even the
whole concept is really FUCKED.  Whenever I hear, "Government Key
Certification", I think of digital signatures, not communication privacy.
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1995-12-19 12:22:25
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Java and timing info - second attempt 
If I understand Java security correctly, the applet can just send data back
to the server it was loaded from, but can't read random files on the
machine it runs on (even if the user running it can read them).  Java is
beginning to become cluefull about the idea that a program is not the same
as the person running it, and should not have the same privileges.  In this
area, most OSs (inluding Unix) are totally clueless, which is why the
Orange Book has mandatory security requirements at the "B" and above
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1995-12-19 19:06:45
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Java and timing info - second attempt 
More importantly for covert channel analysis, do they have access to good
clocks?  Access to a good clock could make a Java applet a good candidate
for the receiver in a generalized covert channel attack.  Access to both
process time and real-world time can give a good indication of load on the
processor, and might be needed for animation.  A transmitter could send by
using or not using the CPU.  (Installing the transmitter is left as an
excersize for the student. ;-) )
Who said that life was safe?
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1995-12-21 12:01:29
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: No Subject 
David Plotnikoff, in his regular (WWW oriented) column in the San Jose
DOES YOUR BOSS KNOW WHERE YOU'RE SURFING?
The SIMBA Media daily reported recently that a Maryland-based software
publisher called Charles River Media has introrduced a $30 electronic fink
program called "Internet Watchdog" that keeps an eye on where you've been
hanging out on the Net.  the program doesn't block or censor sites, but it
does maintain a handy record of cyber-footprints that the parent, teacher
or employer who controls your Net access can peruse.
Anyone know more about this program?
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1995-12-28 07:05:46
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: a new idea: stocks == currency 
Here are some differences between stocks and currencies.  I don't know how
they effect your arguments, but I do invite comment:
                                Stocks                  Curriences
(1) Voting                      Most stock              Based on residency
                                inplies voting          not net worth
(2) Reputation availability     Many stocks,            Few curriencies,                                        reputations hard to     reputations well known
                                find
(3) Legal backing               Based on government     same
(4) Dividends                   Commonly payed          never heard of it
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1995-12-29 00:53:23
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Only accepting e-mail from known parties 
It seems to me that one of the technical problems of the personal spam is
the way it can grow into a denial of service attack on your system.  If it
takes you more horsepower to filter the spam than it takes to generate it,
then you are particulary vunerable.
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1995-11-07 04:23:22
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Credentials Without Identity 
So the address book I keep in my hip pocket is illegal!
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1995-11-10 03:38:57
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Caching Cash (ecash speed) 
Tim is of course right that network speeds are the problem.  However, the
network limit is the speed of light and not current network technology.  If
your bank is half-way around the world, the 1/7 second round trip will kill
any chance you have of offering 1/10 second response time.
For some thinking on the subject of caching cash, see the "Digital Silk
Road" paper accessable through the Agorics home page:
BTW - I don't think we should be talking about a penny/page cost because it
is way too high for the current market.  For example, my copy of Applied
Cryptography V2 cost about $.067/page AND came with the media to keep it
"forever".  My (used) copy of Snow Crash cost closer to a penny/page and
also came with the media.  I would think that somewhere between 1/100 to
1/10 of a penny/page is closer to the current market value of the page
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1995-11-10 10:25:29
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Market Value of Web Pages 
Tim is absolutely correct that the market determines the current market
value.  I mentioned some low value items in the current market and he
mentioned some high value ones.
However, there is not really a problem in paying for high valued web pages
(like the $400/photo consultant report he mentions).  The various network
payment schemes that have been proposed and implemented will handle these
quite adaquatly.
What concerns me is building systems that can support low-cost high-volume
markets.  If I have to pay a penny/page, I am going to ask whether Netscape
can use a whole gigabyte disk for its cache and have basically a pay/copy
system.  If the cost is low enough, I will pay/view and avoid stale data in
the cache problems.  However, there are very few systems where the
transaction costs are low enough to support low-cost high-volume markets.
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1995-11-11 07:30:29
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: coding and nnet's 
Perhaps neural nets could be used in an unknown plain text, brute force
attack to automatically select possible decryptions for human examination. I don't know of any papers on the subject.
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1995-11-13 17:26:23
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: POTP Security 
Since they advertize One Time Pad security, the first thing I want to know
is how they distribute their keys.  One Time Pads require a key as long as
the encyphered message.  A one-time-pad system without a convincing story
about key distribution is bullshit.
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1995-11-15 06:40:58
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: [NOISE] Credit Card security in the New York Times 
I did read the article.  It said, "The truth is that sending a credit card
number to an electronic merchant over the Internet is probably the safest
way to make such a transaction.
"In the last week, for example, I handed my credit card to a waiter who
disappeared with it for five minutes.  I faxed my credit card information
to a business in New Jersey, and the fax probably lay exposed to everone in
that office for hours and perhaps to the cleaning crew than night. ...
"Yes, there is a risk that someone was tapping my telephone when I read my
credit card number aloud or faxed it.  [reminder about cell phones deleted]
 A spy might have snapped a picture of my credit card with a hidden camera
when I handed it to the waiter.  A hacker might have intercepted my numbers
as they passed through an Internet router in Hackensack, N.J.
" But compared with the risk of handing my credit card to a stranger, which
I do nearly every day, sending it over the Internet is pretty secure.
"The real reisk of sending my unencrypted number is not that some
cyberspace cowboy will intercept it en route to the electronic merchant,
but rather that the receiving company will store my credit information in
an insecure computer. ...
"My credit card number was probably among the 30,000 or so that were lifted
last year from unsecured computers of Netcom ...
"Willy Sutton did not myug individuals for their wallets; he robbed banks,
because, as he noted, that's where the money was...
"... The people who should be really nervous about electronic commerce are
the banks, brokerage houses and those who do business-to-business
In context, a much more reasonable view than the anonymous poster suggests.
 I add, that with an insurance policy (that you are forced to pay for)
which broadly limits your risk to $50, you don't have to be all that
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1995-11-17 13:06:55
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Java & Netscape security (reply to misc. postings) 
After reading  my
(possibly faulty) understanding of Java security is that it will not allow
an applet to speak to IP addresses other than the one it was loaded from. I have a question:
Doesn't restriction this prevent an applet from checking some ecash it has
just received for validity with a bank computer?
Thanks - Bill
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1995-11-18 03:34:04
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: credit card conventional wisdom 
I agree.  I doubt we can completely eliminate the risk by technical fixes. I do think we may be able to reduce the risk below what it is in
non-cyberspace commerce.  (e.g. phone orders and in-person card
presentation).  If we can do that, and a significant part of commerce moves
to cyberspace, then we can see a reduction in the fraud premium that we all
pay (no matter who "offically" pays for it).
While cash-like instruments will be an important part of cyberspace, I
think that credit arangements may be more important.  In non-cyberspace
commerce, almost all big-ticket purchases are made with time-payment
credit.  Whether the total of the "candy bar" transactions will exceed the
total to the big-ticket transactions, I don't know.  Certainly if we are
dealing with tangable goods, shipping costs encourage large orders.
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1995-11-20 15:59:11
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: remailer abuse 
Considering that there are well known ways of spoofing IP addresses, if you
really want to, you can be anyone.  (They must be well know.  I know at
least one. )
I think we lack direct charges for network traffic because detailed
accounting for use of each net-link is too expensive.  The situation is
similar to that of the telephone system in the 1950s, where the switches
which connected local calls did not have enough smarts to do charging, and
so started the tradition of "free" local calls.
When lots of people start sending full motion video over the net we may see
ISPs develop use based charging schemes.  I should add that one of the
reasons I use Netcom is that they do NOT charge for connect time or network
traffic.  There is a market for known, fixed costs too.
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1995-11-21 04:09:53
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Virus attacks on PGP 
PGP can be vulnerable to virus attacks.  (Similar attacks can be made on
other cipher systems.) These virus attacks can either be "Get the Key", or
"Subvert the System" attacks.  Schneier's "Rubber Hose" attack and a class
of attack which I will call "Black Bag" attacks are get the key attacks. With a black bag attack, victims do not know their keys have been stolen,
and so continue to use them.  (According to "The Puzzle Palace", NSA got
the FBI to perform black bag attacks on embassies in Washington DC.)  I
don't think subvert the system attacks have any parallel in classical
Get the Key Attacks
PGP has three keys: the secret key ring pass phrase, the secret RSA key,
and the IDEA key.  Getting any of them would constitute a successful
A virus that collects secret key rings and sends their contents somewhere,
either via UDP like messages or by dialing the modem late at night doesn't
seem to much harder to build than one that erases your hard disk.  If it
runs only once per machine, its chances of getting caught are fairly low. The standard IP error handling of "throw away the packet" means that it
probably won't be caught by firewalls.  It seems more likely that someone
will catch their computer making an unauthorized 800 number call.  This
attack would allow an opponent to use a brute force attack on the pass
Getting the pass phrase or the IDEA key requires that the virus infect
something in the PGP environment.  The infection could be to PGP itself, or
to the operating system in which it runs.  (N.B. Since Mac and PC systems
have only one protection domain, all programs running in them are part of
the operating system for the sake of this analysis.)
Assuming PGP is infected, although similar arguments apply to the operating
system, the possible mechanisms of infection are many:
  A infected PGP binary is installed
  A virus modifies disk copies of PGP
  The OS's loader is infected to modify PGP as it is loaded
  The compiler or linker is infected to modify PGP.
Any of these forms of infection could send pass phrases, secret keys, or
IDEA keys out via IP or modem.
Subvert the System Attacks
The mechanisms of infection are similar to those of the get the key
attacks, but these attacks do not require that the virus send data outside
the machine.  Instead, these attacks act by reducing the size of one of the
three key spaces, making it vulnerable to brute force attacks.  For
example, if the OS provides a "random number" service, then limiting the
randomness of the numbers constitutes an attack.  Making RSA key generation
loosely connected to the date and time constitutes an attack.
One standard defense in classical cryptography is to frequently change the
cipher keys.  The PGP web-of-trust makes changing keys difficult, and is
perhaps the weakest part of the overall protocol.
Standard defenses against viruses can help, but if the attacker is
determined and competent, then the virus will not be detected by virus
detection programs, and will not have bugs which cause noticeable ill
effects on infected machines.
Custom changes to things like random number utilities and the PGP code
itself may increase resistance by preventing some of these attacks from
identifying the modified code as its intended target.
Auditing code, preferably object code, can detect infection.  Having ALL
the source code available is almost a requirement here.
Maintaining a file of cryptographic hashs of the IDEA keys used and
checking for duplicates can detect subvert the system attacks on IDEA key
generation at the risk that the cryptographic hash is in fact invertible
and can be used to reveal the IDEA key.
Using operating systems which run in many small protection domains can
limit the opportunity for infection.  One such system I have been involved
with for over 20 years is described at the following WEB sites:
    Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1995-11-21 16:00:58
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Virus attacks on PGP 
Certainly having PGP run from a CDROM or other read-only device would be a
big help.  Even better would be to have all the privileged code also run
from a read-only device.
Bill Frantz

@_date: 1995-11-22 07:59:27
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Virus attacks on PGP 
But do remember that your copy of PGP could be infected as it is loaded
from the disk.  You really need to protect your privileged code too.

@_date: 1995-11-27 15:53:45
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Bitbux could eliminate some domestic currencies? 
Gresham's law says that the bad money drives the good money out of
circulation.  Does this mean that real cash is better than ecash ;-).

@_date: 1995-11-28 02:09:51
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Virus attacks on PGP 
I looked at the memory usage on my 1meg Mac and 5meg is used for the
system.  I have no idea what it is all being used for.  A lot can hide
Bill Frantz

@_date: 1995-11-30 10:33:15
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: The future will be easy to use 
There is more to this problem than how it is that I trust the key.  There
is also what I trust it for.  I just added a key to my key ring that I will
use for sending confidental data to a client site.  I trust that no one can
access the secret key who is not also inside their firewall.  However, the
key is on a multi-user system, so I do not trust that it is accessable to
only one person.  Since the data I intend to send will be publicly
available inside the firewall, I don't have to trust more than the
It is hard to see how to record the information about how much I trust the
receipent's systems security.
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1995-11-30 14:39:26
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: ecash lottery (Was: ecash casino) 
With complete anonimity, the scam I would think of first is giving other
nyms of myself all the big payoffs.

@_date: 1995-10-27 15:28:51
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Linux security issues 
Actually keeping the pass phrase out of swap space is fairly easy (although
I havn't looked at the PGP code to see if it actually does this).  Read the
pass phrase in raw mode, one character at a time and convert it one
character at a time to the decryption key for the private RSA key.  Then
the OS doesn't need to buffer the whole line, either in kernel space or in
user space.
However, the pass phrase is not the only dangerous information. Intermediate forms used for decrypting the RSA private keys, and the
decrypted RSA private keys also have to be protected.  The logic of PGP
requires that it keep at least one of these around for a long time, so it
will probably be written to swap space.
N.B. This problem affects all virtual memory operation systems.  I can
think of the Unix/Linux family, MacOS with virtual memory turned on, and
most mainframe OSs (e.g. IBM's VM/ESA).
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1995-10-29 02:26:39
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Linux security issues 
Good point.  Too bad the invocations of pinning aren't portable.  Maybe in
the next POSIX.
All the OSs I am familar with pin the pages only for the duration of the
I/O operation.  After the I/O has completed, the page can be swapped out. What you really need is to pin the page in memory (with an implicit
contract with your OS that it won't be written to swap space while it is
pinned), put the sensitive information in the page, use the information,
wipe the information, and un-pin the page.
I wonder if NSA has built a virus to collect PGP keys?

@_date: 1995-11-01 10:13:28
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: /dev/random for FreeBSD [was: Re: /dev/random for Linux] 
Ah, but there is a neat hack that works well if you can dedicate the whole
processor to doing the timing.  This works with systems that do not have
preemptive multi-tasking.  (Getting it to work with preemptive
multi-tasking is a harder excersize).  Credit where credit is due, I first
saw this technique used, probably in 1968, on the IBM/360 (60HZ clock) with
a pair of programs called PACER and RATER.
Monitor the clock location.  (It doesn't matter whether it is incrmented by
hardware or software.)  Run a timing loop from when it changes until it
changes again and count the number of times through the loop.  Then use the
same timing loop and count how many times the loop runs from a clock tick
to the event of interest (or from the event of interest to the next clock
tick).  Use the ratio of the two counts to interprolate between the times
you can get from the clock.
You have used the processor's instruction rate to synthesize a better clock.

@_date: 1996-04-05 12:51:04
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: .sig followup 
At  2:52 PM 4/4/96 +0200, Ulf Moeller quotes:
A better analogy would be free, peaceful, self governing Denmark waiting
for the jack booted Nazi thugs to arrive and start hauling people off to

@_date: 1996-04-05 19:43:02
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Why pay??? 
IMHO, another failure is that not all compensation can be expressed in
money.  Feeling good about making a contribution is an example.  Another is
the "guaranteed" place in heaven for the suicide bomber.

@_date: 1996-04-06 17:23:14
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: "Contempt" charges likely to increase 
The Black Unicorn indicates that if the reason the secrets _cannot_ be
retrieved is because they are in a jurisdiction which refuses to reveal
them when the owner is under compulsion, the owner can still be punished
for contempt (A contractual situation).
I don't know what would happen if they _cannot_ be retrieved for technical
reasons.  If a communication key was aggreeded to be DH exchange and then
discarded, I would think this would be analogous to asking for a document
that was destroyed (before the subpoena) as part of a policy of destroying
obsolete documents.

@_date: 1996-04-07 09:45:44
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: "Contempt" charges likely to increase 
It is one thing to believe that you might be able to change a human's mind
by threatening another human via jail.  (It reminds me of many bad movies.)
 It is quite a different level of hubris to think that a similar action
could overcome mathematical probability.  However, I am unable to predict
the actions of anyone who believes that the Supreme Court is the top
law-giver of the Universe.

@_date: 1996-04-07 10:08:04
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Unicorn of Color 
But Tim, we are ALL colored people.  Even the albinos among us (since white
is a mixture of all colors).  Even the darkest among us reflect some light
which has color.  :-)

@_date: 1996-04-07 10:13:31
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: ACM/IEEE Letter on Cryp 
I have no objection to the salami approach in this case.  The way the Burns
proposal has been described, it seems all together better than the current
situation.  We can fight the next battle after people realize that the four
horseman are well and truly loose, and that the world hasn't ended.  When
the Burns proposal has been written up into a bill and introduced, I expect
I will be writing my congresscritters asking them to support it.

@_date: 1996-04-10 07:47:17
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Enforcing the CDA improperly may pervert Internet architecture 
Declan - One of the migration paths suggested for IPV4 to IPV6 migration is to
tunnel IPV4 packets within IPV6 packets.  IPV4 packets do not provide for
an adult/minor tag, so until the transition to IPV6 is fairly well along,
this approach will be ineffective.
If the people who are worried about minor's accessing smut want something
this century, they should go with PICS.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-04-10 12:19:48
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Bank transactions on Internet 
I was hoping a hardware type would answer this question, and give
references to manufacture's spec sheets, but not having seen such an
answer, here is a software person's answer.
Gate arrays are a common part of complex electronics.  If you are viewing
this answer on a screen, it is quite probable that there is one right
before your nose.  They come in two basic forms, mask programmed and field
programmed.  Mask programmed gate arrays are an array of logic gates, which
are "programmed" to an application by a final metalization layer.  They are
quite inexpensive when ordered in quantity.  Field Programmed Gate Arrays
(FPGAs) are designed for prototyping designs, and can programmed

@_date: 1996-04-11 00:31:32
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
I wish to state that Jim Bell does not speak for me.

@_date: 1996-04-11 01:08:32
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Tense visions of future imperfect 
I don't see how this third scam would work in a system such as DigiCash
which uses online clearing.  Unissued serial numbers would be refused when
presented for clearing.
One scenario which would work (and could be used for scams 1 and 2) is
either stealing digital cash, or counterfeiting issued, but unredeemed
serial numbers.  In either case, if you spend it before the rightful owner
does, that rightful owner gets, as a minimum, a lot of hassle, and might
lose the cash.  If this kind of scam, particularly the counterfeiting scam,
occurs too often, public trust in the cash will disappear, and people will
refuse to buy it.
Note that people trying to maintain anonymity are particularly vulnerable
since they have to hold cash for a period of time to defeat traffic
analysis attacks.

@_date: 1996-04-11 17:31:55
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: No matter where you go, there they are. 
When I first started reading the paper I said to myself, "Ah, they are
going to have a box that provides digitally signed GPS locations."  I still
think they might try that as plan "B".  Combined with a password or
biometrics to prevent unauthorized use of the box, they might have a
useful, if limited, system.
A few other practical problems with the system they DID describe that
haven't been mentioned:
(1) GPS doesn't work well near the walls of canyons.  The positions
reported can be off by a considerable distance.  This problem probably also
applies in the steel and glass canyons of cities.
(2) Consumer grade GPS receivers have problems acquiring satalites in
forested areas.  The same problem probably will also occur in skyscrapers. Using your portable in some client's office will involve shoving an antenna
out the non-openable window.
With these problems, I just can't see GPS authentication being popular for
the masses.  For some military and industrial uses it may solve a real
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-04-11 19:34:41
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Tense visions of future imperfect 
Well, teach me to post without checking the protocol.  Thanks Hal and Perry.
Apologies to all - Bill

@_date: 1996-04-13 03:58:03
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Protocols at the Point of a Gun 
For information on the "Internet Philosophy" there is a IETF draft that
might be of interest at:

@_date: 1996-04-13 11:54:58
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: PICS 
I had a chance for a brief look at the PICS protocol, and it seems to have
a lot of cypherpunks relevance.  It includes features such as:
  Multiple third party rating systems
  Digital signatures
I will have to find time to look at it in more detail.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-04-13 13:16:20
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Demonizing the Opposition: Bruce "The Toolman" Taylor 
Seems to me that "a penis with a blister on it" is a good description of a
picture of active syphilis.

@_date: 1996-04-13 18:10:22
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: the cost of untracability? 
And if you are using a "first to clear gets the money" system like
Digicash, the holders can race to see who gets the money.

@_date: 1996-04-13 20:07:49
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Protocols at the Point of a Gun 
Should this nonsense of adding "Adult bit" to IP headers actually be
implemented, I will sponser a contest:
A free emailed "Thanks" to the first person who (truefully) reports that an
Adult Internet access username and password has been posted (or scrawled on
the bathroom wall) at a US high school.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-04-14 00:35:37
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Protocols at the Point of a Gun 
It seems to me that this question represents a classic case of the costs of
market entry.  IETF has a pretty good reputation as a standards body.  If
another body were to take over its function, they would have to have
superior reputation in the relevant market (i.e. IP protocol suite
implementors and their customers).
Superior reputation could come from:
(1) Better response to proposals.  (Hard to imagine in the current     climate.)
(2) Government coercion.  (We will throw you in jail if you don't ...)
(3) Government coercion.  (We won't buy equipment that doesn't meet x     standard.)
(4) Large User coercion.  (We won't buy equipment that doesn't meet x     standard.  Probably no user is currently big enough to force     standards in this way, not even Microsoft.)
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-04-14 06:04:54
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
This will be my last post on this subject.  Since Jim Bell ALWAYS has to
have the last word on any given subject, he will continue to try to read
something into my statement that is not there.  I can not get much clearer
I have not authorized Jim Bell to speak for me.

@_date: 1996-04-15 15:42:51
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: X.25 [NOISE] 
I implemented and have been supporting a system with full-duplex character
echo over X.25.  I can only agree with Bill Stewart's assessment, but you
hold your nose and do it.
I have learned that an X.25 "standard" network is about as standard as a
K&R C compiler.  Sure you can talk to the network, but each network is
different in what you have to do to get it to send you the ASCII characters
so you can echo them.  Many times you have to use non-standard, network
specific extensions.
I am also responsible for getting Zmodem style data transfers to work.  To
make it work means the network must be fully 8-bit transparent, AND send
the last chunk of data eventually (within a few seconds) to complete the
transfer.  Don't even ask about getting Zmodem transfers working thru X.25
to various "Unix" systems.
Now you know why I claimed the title, "Wizard of Trailing Edge Technology"
in Dogbert's New World Order.
Regards - Bill
[To be complete, I also do work in electronic commerce, Java and other
things you see on this list.]

@_date: 1996-04-16 06:38:32
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Distributed Key Breaking 
This approach will become even more "reasonable" as just-in-time
compilation and native code Bignum packages get distributed.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-04-16 21:32:17
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: What can the judge do to me? 
The fact the illegal contracts can't be enforced is responsible for most
"drug" violence.

@_date: 1996-04-17 14:18:50
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: [IRS] Elvis in Escrow 
I wonder, how much is NSA's secret key worth?  You know, the one they use
to grab the extra key bits that Lotus Notes sends them.

@_date: 1996-04-17 15:22:28
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: PICS required by laws 
You are asuming that the (underage) user wouldn't route his packets thru an
offshore packet bit scrubber that some freedom-loving student set up to do
the bit scrubbing.  It is not even clear that any of the parties is
violating the law:
  The content provider is correctly labeling his packets.
  The transport agents are correctly passing them along.
  The bit scribber is running where such activities aren't illegal
The further you move the control from the home/school into the internet the
easier it is to subvert because there are more places to subvert it, more
people motivated to subvert it, and less control of the environment.

@_date: 1996-04-17 17:16:42
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: PICS [LONG] 
Since PICS seems to be getting favorable comment in the CDA lawsuit, and it
has cypherpunks relevance, I thought I would post some its most relevant
features.  From Obviously, to get the full benefit of the technology, we will need more
sophisticated browser support than just "access denied".  If you contract
with an outside service, one question to ask is, "Are you logging my

@_date: 1996-04-18 08:15:33
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: "STOP SENDING ME THIS SHIT" 
This rash of postings reminds me of a technique to harass someone by
telephone.  You note that pager companies are usually assigned a block of
telephone numbers.  So you program your auto-dialer to dial each in turn
and then send your target's number.  Result: your target gets a lot of,
"Why did you page me?" calls.  (My collage roommate had fun in high school
by dialing two "random" numbers on his two line phone and then connecting
them together and listening to the result.)
The analogy here is to spoof mail addresses to subscribe your target to
high-volume mailing lists.  If you want to attack the list as well, even
Can someone be subscribed to cypherpunks and not get the welcome message?

@_date: 1996-04-19 06:05:30
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: why compression doesn't perfectly even out entropy 
I suspect, that all of us, Perry included, will react the same way if we
find that our one time pads read like "Hamlet", or equally likely, "The
Comedy of Errors".  That is, we will tear the source of the pad apart to
find out why it isn't working.  If we find that it IS working correctly, we
will wish we had used that one truly magic[*] moment to buy tickets in as
many lotteries as possible.
* Probability much less than 10 ** -50 in the life of the universe.

@_date: 1996-04-19 08:28:03
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Spaces in passwords 
I used to recommend that passwords be a phrase of at least 15 characters. Spaces fall naturally into that model.  If your spelling is as bad as mine,
then your password is resistant to dictionary attacks.
However, then I discovered that there are many brain damaged systems which
restrict passwords to 8 characters.  (e.g. IBM's VM/ESA, Netcom's UNIX) For those systems, I can only parrot the conventional wisdom, no words,
include numbers and/or punctuation, no acronyms, include both upper and
lower case, etc. etc.

@_date: 1996-04-20 08:44:53
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: TERRORISM PREVENTION ACT--CONFERENCE REPORT	 was: EFF/Bernstein PressRelease 
[Much good rant deleted]
Real terrorists receive instruction at terrorism schools run by
organizations like the Iranians, the PLO, and even the US government (CIA,
Special Forces etc.)  The rate of technology transfer is much greater with
hands-on teaching than it is with literature in e.g. libraries or the net.

@_date: 1996-04-20 17:58:25
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Dictionary searching code 
This application sounds perfect for Bloom filters.  The basic idea of a
Bloom filter is to build a database by taking each word in the dictionary
and hashing with N different hashes.  The hashes do not need to by
cryptographically secure, but they do need to be good hashes, XOR doesn't
make it.  You use those hashes as bit offsets in a giant bit map, which is
the database.  When building the database you turn on the bits at each of
these N locations.
When accessing the database, you hash the chunk of text with the same
hashes, and then test the bits in the database at those offsets.  If any of
the bits are zero, then the chunk of text is not in the dictionary.
The failure mode is to say something is in the dictionary when it isn't. If half the bits in the database are on, then the probability of failure is
2**(-N), so if N==10, then the failure rate is 1 in 1024.  If empirically,
you get a higher failure rate, check the quality of your hashes.
For cryptanalysis, I might pick a higher N and eyeball check for failures. Say you want 1 in a million failure rate, and have an 80,000 word
dictionary.  You need a 20 * 80,000 * 2 bit database, which is 400,000
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-04-21 16:00:57
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Add-in encryption module to Netscape 
I have thought about the sources of entropy available to a Java applet, and
there aren't many.  You should design your protocol so entropy is not
needed on the applet side.  Entropy is normally used to pick symmetric
encryption keys, and Initialization vectors

@_date: 1996-04-22 06:03:01
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Add-in encryption module to Netscape 
I beleive the distilled wisdom on entropy availability is summed up by Wei
Dai's post.  On Sat, 20 Apr 1996 17:21 -0700 Wei Dai                                             he meant coderpunks [bf]
I don't think there is a way to get "normal" keyboard/mouse data.  A
"scribble" window is certainly a possibility.  However, see my comments
Bill Sommerfeld  posted to coderpunks:
Note that what Ted is using and Bill Sommerfeld is commenting on is
basically a spinner.  In looking over the detailed data (which I have not
copied), it appears to me that even adding the 3rd order deltas may leave
the actual entropy overestimated.  The source of entropy is basically the
system scheduler.  It is a deterministic process, which depends slightly on
the somewhat less deterministic processes of I/O interrupts etc.  I feel
uncomfortable estimating 1 bit/second from it, and prefer to accept Wai
Dai's zero bits/second.
One severe problem we seem to have is that all automatic entropy estimation
techniques tend to over-estimate the amount of entropy present.
Perhaps when the millennium comes, we will have hardware generation and be
able to sleep at night.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-04-22 18:32:58
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Add-in encryption module to Netscape 
Indeed, Bill Stewart (and someone else whose name I forget) are right.  I
had it in the back of my head that you don't want to harass the user.  If
you are willing, as in PGP, to ask the user to enter some entropy, then
there you can get some sources of randomness which may be good enough. However, do be conservative.  After being conservative, gather 10 times as
much as you thought you needed.  The models of entropy in scribbling are
none too good.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-04-24 06:17:32
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Bernstein ruling meets the virus law 
Note also that there are programs which replicate and maintain themselves
on several machines in a network in order to provide reliable network
services (e.g. print spooling).  (The people at Xerox PARC, who did almost
everything first, experimented with this kind of program.)
If lawmakers are to come up with a rational law, a big if, they will have
to differentiate between a bug in a "tame" worm which lets it get loose as
a virus, and a virus which was meant to be destructive from the get go. And then they will have to decide what to do about the virus that was
designed to write, "Hi Mom!" on as many screens as possible with no
malicious damage, and bugs in it.

@_date: 1996-04-24 23:41:46
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: [NOISE- Pratical Application] Reasonable people 
I have stopped to offer first aid after two traffic accidents, one in
Nevada and one in California.  Both states have a "Good Samaritan" law
which protects people who offer first aid from legal liability.  While I
have an extensive background in first aid, none of my credentials are
The practical result is that in neither case did anyone ask me my name.  I
believe that the police enforce the Good Samaritan laws by making no
records which would identify people who might be sued.  This applies to
rank amateurs or Professors of Emergency Medicine.
In the final analysis, I would rather take the chance of being hurt by
someone who didn't know what he was doing than take chance that someone
would be deterred from stopping by threat of liability.  It appears to me
that the law also takes this view.

@_date: 1996-04-25 11:10:22
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Golden Key Campaign 
I will add to Bill's list:
7) RSA is the best known and vetted of the Public Key algorithms.
Some people say that the millennium comes on Jan 1, 2000.  Others say it
comes on January 1, 2001.  I say it comes on September 20, 2000 when the
RSA patent expires.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-04-25 13:23:18
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Mindshare and Java 
I, for one, am interested in running untrusted code.  If I can run
untrusted code, I can greatly reduce my exposure to Trojan horses and bugs.
 It bothers me that if I run Microsoft Word, it can trash my MacWrite
files.  Even if I get these programs from reputable dealers, in original
shrink-wrap boxes, so I have good reason to believe I know who the author
is, I am still exposed to these problems.
I should note that Java's one-straitjacket-fits-all approach to running
untrusted programs is not adequate to satisfy my desires.  However, it is a
start, and it does run in todays complex Input Output Control Systems that
have been misnamed "Operating Systems".  (If it can't enforce a security
policy, it isn't an Operating System.)
I would rather use technological means to prevent damage than legal means.

@_date: 1996-04-25 13:54:36
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Golden Key Campaign 
I do not equate good vetting with proofs of security.  Given the Verona
intercepts, I don't think there are any valid proofs of the security of
complete crypto-systems.  While anyone who can factor RSA keys can break
RSA, factoring has been intensively studied since RSA was published.  The
public information says that in spite of improvements, factoring is still a
hard problem.  If people in Maryland can factor big RSA keys, they're Not
Saying Anything.
So far, I'll stand by my two contentions:
7a) RSA is the best known public key algorithm.
7b) RSA is the best vetted public key algorithm.
Do you have any counter examples to help me change my mind?

@_date: 1996-04-25 15:46:11
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Golden Key Campaign 
I don't imply that.  I do think that the use of proof is of limited
applicability in demonstrating security.  Complex proofs can be as much in
doubt as complex computer programs.  Used within its limitations, proof is
very valuable, but too often its value is asserted beyond those
limitations.  The Varona case applies because of the common statement that
one time pads are the only provably secure crypto-system.
Not in terms of why people use RSA rather than some other algorithm.
Thanks for the information.  Schneier (V2) says that while Rabin and
Williams are provably as secure as factoring.  They, like RSA, are
completely insecure against a chosen cyphertext attack.  Correcting this
problem by using a one-way hashing function makes them no longer provably
as secure as factoring, although adding a random string does not have this
Rabin also has the problem, which Williams corrects, that each message has
four possible decypherments, and the user must select the correct one.
While these systems have a small theoretical advantage over RSA (their
provability), how much effort has been expended in examining them compared
with RSA?  Level of effort is important in determining "best vetted".  (I
realize that some efforts, such as research into factoring, apply to both
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-04-25 17:56:34
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Capability Security in Java 
Now there is a statement that makes me sit up and take notice.  I certainly
havn't thought this subject thru carefully, but to start, I think I would
like capabilities to be held by a specific object, so if I give a Java
object permission to read a file, that permission is not automatically
inherited by other objects, or instances of the same object which use the
common method.
There would also have to be a technique where capabilities could be passed
from object to object to allow subcontracting.
Having the capabilities held by objects means that access the objects needs
to be controled as well.  I notice some items on Hal's list of Java
security problems which indicate weaknesses in this area, but it is not
clear if they are bugs (which will be fixed) or "features".
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-04-26 17:40:35
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: [NOISE] What is "laser material"? 
Does anyone have any idea what "more laser material" means?

@_date: 1996-04-27 13:21:17
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: An idea for refining penet-style anonymous servers 
Assuming you have obtained the address database, it seems to me that this
scheme is subject to known address attacks:
(1) If you want to find out what newbie at slowresponse.com's anon ID is, you
just look it up.
(2) If you want to find out the real email addresses of all the users, you
test all the anon-ids with the reverse lookup table.  This attack could be
defeated by using sufficiently long random anon-ids.  If we assume 5 bits
of information/character, a 96 bit anon-id (sufficient to preclude
exhaustive search attacks) would require 19 character anon-ids.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-04-27 13:31:26
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: The Joy of Java 
Tim May and Mike Duvos have expresses an enthusiasm for Java which I share.
 There are a few practical issues which should be addresses.
Mike says:
But with the  ITAR you have to do it outside the USA/Canada, or limit
it to USA/Canadians.  The patent situation with RSA doesn't help making
applications inter-operate with the existing PGP based infrastructure. Perhaps all these applications will appear first on the outside, where
these problems do not exist for the developers.  (The patent problem would
still exist for US/Canadian users.  I will be interested to see the patent
holder's response.)
Tim says:
I have my doubts about this one.  I think application bloat comes from
market forces and from the kind of bundling you see in XYZCorpOffice
products where you get 4 applications packaged together.  This marketing
approach maximizes revenue by selling you products you don't need as a
matter of convenience.  But, we shall see.
There are some features of Java which make it less than ideal for crypto
applications.  These features can be overcome, but they will affect
implementors and users.
(1) There are not many sources of high-quality entropy available to Java
applets.  Keystroke timings and scribble windows are probably the best
sources, but may represent an inconvenience for users.
(2) Java doesn't allow you to define operators as methods of classes.  This
feature has the advantage that you don't have strange uses of the
operators, the classic example being the left shift operator being used to
do output.  However, if you need to do arithmetic on numbers larger than 64
bits, you can't use common, infix notation.  This feature only affects
developers, and at worst, qualifies as a pain in the rear and not a show
I too hope to soon see high-quality crypto applications on my desktop in Java.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-04-27 16:55:15
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: The Joy of Java 
I said a few months ago that I thought Java would be ready for prime time
in a couple of years.  I think we are in complete agreement here.
I think it is a bit worse since an applet doesn't get access to a lot of
stuff a C program, or even better an OS gets.  A C program has a lot of
environmental queries that might produce some entropy, although they would
also be available to an attacker on the same system.  The OS has access to
interrupt times, mouse movements, and keyboard timings for ALL the
applications that have run since boot.
I know.  I have an (old) version on my disk.  AFAIK, Hal is the most active
person developing crypto and crypto related Java code.  He deserves thanks
from all of us.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-04-30 13:49:49
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: The Joy of Java 
I think Java is an excellent language to learn as a part of learning modern
programming languages and techniques.  Even if the bytecode verifier falls
completely on its face, you will still know a safer language than C or C++.
 (However, if the verifier falls, you may also know an obsolete language.)
The syntax of Java is similar to C and C++, which may help you learn those
languages (in the same way knowing Italian helps you learn Spanish).  The
garbage collected nature of Java may get you into bad habits when using C
or C++, but since I switch back between Assembler and Java, it is not
I do not think the Java bugs are bad enough to make it a poor language for
learning.  However, it is a very young language, and "nice" programming
environments aren't quite here yet.  However, new environments are being
delivered every month, so if you demand luxury environments, you shouldn't
have to wait too long.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-04-30 14:20:58
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: trusting the processor chip 
There are some limits to the extent of this kind of problem.  If the
hardware/OS you are using provides a completely disjoint memory map based
on the privileged mode state, it may be hard to exploit the ability to
switch to privileged mode.  With maps which allow access to the user's
address space while in privileged mode (e.g. Solaris), it may be possible
to just keep running, and so complete a successful attack.
On the other hand, with most systems I have seen, setting yourself into
privileged state will persist thru the next interrupt.  The system Norm and
I worked on would detect it later.  (It checked every 5 minutes or so.) The IBM operating systems I have used would not detect, or correct this
The ray  of hope in this area is that there are so many other easier
attacks on modern systems.  People will have a tendency to use them first.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-04-30 14:34:27
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Mindshare and Java 
I have extensive experience in design and implementation of a pure
capability operating system (KeyKOS).  If you think my professional
services would be of use to the Java group, please let me know.  Resume
available on request.
Thanks - Bill

@_date: 1996-05-01 00:39:30
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: [LONG] Churchill Club: 20th Anniversary PK Crypto 
The moderator, David Morris of Cylink, introduced the field by discussing
the problems of corporate espionage, and privacy concerns vs. public and
private databases.  He said that the old security paradigms present with
face to face business don't work with electronic commerce.
He introduced Jim Omura, who gave an overview of PK encryption and
introduced Martin Hellman, Ralph Merkle, and Whitfield Diffie.  Louis
Morris, Cylink CEO, presented them with inscribed glass trophies.
Hellman described the key to the early years as being willing to be a fool,
because you need to step out of the standard thought patterns.  Diffie
described the genesis from 1974 to 1978 as going from Merkle's paper,
"Secure Communication Over Insecure Channels", thru DH key exchange, to
RSA.  Since 1976 is the center of gravity of these steps, this year makes a
good 20th anniversary.  Merkle said it is most striking how long it has
taken to be adopted.  Networks lead to a need for security, lead to a
questioning of regulations on Crypto, which leads to changes in those
regulations.  Diffie said it is absolutely amazing that it is happening so
quickly.  "How wonderfully lucky it is we started working 20 years ago."
Senator Larry Pressler (R, SD) was introduced via video projector from
Washington D.C.  He talked about bad government rules and that government
should help or at least get out of the way.  He talked about the need for
exports and to assist US multi-national businesses.  The controls hurt US
companies.  Encryption is the future of industry.  If we don't fix the
export problem, there are two outcomes.  (1) Foreign competition will
provide the function, or (2) US companies will move the R&D offshore. Either will cost US jobs.  After listing his [off topic] pet bills, he
mentioned that he was talking about encryption in software.  He said
Senator Burns' bill will be introduced tomorrow.
Senator Conrad Burns (R, MT) spoke from the podium in a joke filled speech.
 He talked about the Telecom Bill as a way to do something about giving
more people access to the glass highway.  He talked about the problem of
how do we make sure that people have agreed to a deal on the highway and
supporting sales.  He said we need the crypto bill to support them.  His
bill provides for, (1) Export of publicly available software (e.g. PGP and
browsers), (2) no GAK, (3) limiting the authority of the Department of
Commerce to set standards, and (4) export to countries which equivalent
technology.  He wants to have public hearings in Silicon Valley.
Then questions came from the floor:
Q: Why are we streamlining the Department of Commerce when the Department
of State and NSA are the problem?
Burns: Legislation will deal with this problem and prevent them from
blocking export.  You may still need a license, but there should be no
Pressler: We need to streamline relations between State and Commerce in
this area.  We need to streamline trade in hi tech.  I don't think that
state and NSA should have the say.  Export is a trade problem.  It is a
"disaster for American exports."
Burns: We are going to need grass-roots support to pass this bill.
Q: Where do California's senators (Feinstein and Boxer) stand?
Burns: We don't know.
Pressler: We didn't have their support on tort reform.  Stick with your
friends and work for them.
Q: Who is against the bill?
Burns: People who listen to NSA.  People who feel the US needs to be able
to watch you.
Q: How do you expect administration opposition to show up?
A: We don't know yet.
Q: Currently encryption is classified as a munition.  Will your legislation
reclassify it.
Pressler: We don't see encryption as a threat to national security.  People
in Washington D.C. who make a living suppressing information oppose the
Burns: We need your knowledge to pass this bill.
The senators bid us goodbye and the Congressman Robert Goodlatte (R, VA)
was introduced.  He said that President Clinton testified for 4.5 hours
over an encrypted communication link on the McDougall trial.  His bill is
called Security And Freedom thru Encryption (SAFE).  Local congressmen
Campbell and Eshoo are co-sponsors.  We need to broaden the base of support
for this bill.  Everyone should talk to their customers/vendors/and
companies with web sites about this issue.  If we don't change the rules,
it could cost $60B in 2000.  There are 500 foreign encryption software
products.  He talked about how fast 40 and 56 bit encryption could be
cracked and said that, in his opinion, the administration's desire to read
everything, foreign and domestic is the greatest threat.  He argues it is
the wrong approach and we should be encouraging everyone to use encryption
routinely.  We need it for counter terrorism against attacks on computer
systems used in design, manufacturing and e.g. controlling nuclear power
plants.  We need your help getting the word out.  Write your member of
congress.  We will have hearings on the bill in the next month or two.
Q: What do you say to techies/CEOs who want to run for public office?
A: Well are you a Democrat or Republican? (laughter).  Seriously, congress
needs a variety of backgrounds to help with technical issues.  Get good
expert advice on running your campaign.
James Freeman, Special Agent in Charge, San Francisco Office, FBI,
discussed the tools the FBI needs to do its job.  He talked about foreign
espionage on US companies.  He mentioned 800 cases involving 23 countries,
20% in the SF Bay area.  Counterfeit drugs cost US drug companies
$1.5B/year.  The FBI does not have adequate laws to pursue theft of
intellectual property.  It could use a computer fraud/abuse law.  In the last few years, the FBI and local law enforcement have identified 9
gangs dealing in stolen electronic components thru undercover operations
and wiretaps.  Each set of arrests have reduced the rate of reported armed
robbery.  They used RICO to help prosecute these gangs.  He stated the FBI
can do the same for intellectual property given the right tools.
He stated that in some cases, foreign students are sent here to spy on US
corporations.  In some cases they are released from military service for
their spying.  Inside theft is responsible for most spying, but hacking and
computer intrusion are increasing.
He said that terrorists, money launders, drug dealers using crypto is a
serious threat, and he thinks GAK is a good solution.  If congress takes
GAK away from law enforcement, they will use the tools they have.  However
we need a balanced approach.
Q: If any high school student can implement unbreakable crypto, what can you do?
A: Regulation of crypto is the responsibility of congress.
Edward Kozel of Cisco Systems spoke about the problems they have had with
the export regulations.  He said that the Internet was important because it
lowered the barriers to market entry.  He offered the example that the big
3 American auto manufactures are requiring network links for their
suppliers.  He talked about attacks on hosts and networks.  He said that
right now, Atlanta is a boom area for telecommuting because Atlanta
companies fear the Olympics will bring gridlock this summer.  He suggested
micro payments as a solution to copyright problems.  We must see the
problem as a global problem.  PK is a fundamental component of commerce,
authentication, and non-repudiation.
Q (Dave Del Toro (sp?)): RSA patent license imposes significant limitations
on what we can do with RSA.  How can we overcome that barrier?
Morris (Cylink): Cylink owns the DH patents.  We are opening the technology
with no-cost licenses.  Patents should not be used to block the technology.
Kozel: We certainly support open dissemination.  In 1990 we couldn't export
routers to e.g. Russia.  So they used PCs and public domain software to
build their nets.  Now they are converting to routers.  Now is the time to
unleash encryption.
Q: What is the best way to go given the new laws and IPv6?
Kozel: 40 bits is no good.  Even people in rural Australia know that. Industry needs to recognize the need for controls, if only by the customer.
 The technology is moving to the mass market.  Encryption will be needed to
keep everyone from reading data on cable networks.
Paul Raines, Project Manager, United States Postal Service described the
post offices digital postmark and certificate services.  Cylink is the
technical developer.  The post office brings four things that private
industry can't: (1) The postal fraud statutes, (2) A long track record and
well established reputation, (3) 40,000 existing post offices (vs. 10,000
McDonald's), and (4) it can act as a trusted third party.
Q: How much will you charge for these services and when will they be available?
A: Postmarking: $.10, 7/96.  Certificates: $10-$15/person/year, 4Q96.
Q: Do you see the post office acting as an ISP?
A: Only to the extent necessary to provide electronic delivery of digital
postmarks and certificates.
Q: Do you see the post office going into transaction verification?  What
limits your future business directions?
A: We will make sure not to compete with private business.  Because we must
go through a rate commission to change prices makes it hard to compete.
The evening closed with a Diffie, Hellman, Merkle panel.
Hellman: After these 20 years, I feel less of a fool.  When we wrote "New
Directions in Cryptography" in 1976, we envisioned our ideas would be
widespread in five years.
Diffie: I was excessively optimistic about the spread of PKC in two of my
Hellman: We were off for two reasons.  (1) Lack of public concern.  With
cell phone fraud approaching 40% that may change.  And (2) ITAR.  This new
legislation will have a very positive effect.
Merkle: I wish I could pipe the comments this evening back 20 years.  I
would particular like to pipe them to my rejection letter from
Communications of the ACM which said my contribution was not mainstream. One is often over optimistic about the early rate of progress and under
optimistic about the later rate.  OK, I was wrong before, but things are
going to happen fast now.
Morris: Where are the new frontiers?
Diffie: Quantum computing (if it works).  Elliptic curve crypto.  The next
decade or so will be used to sort out the social effects.  Passive
listening by major governments is moving to active computer penetration. What will our high-level security specifications be?  What are fair rules
for intellectual property, privacy etc?
We closed with David Morris reading email from Phil Mellinger, Chief
Engineer, Government Securities Association.  He said the US and Canada are
discussing inter operability on Certificate authorities.  The government is
using DH with DES and SHA for government communications.  Short of the
automobile, PKC has had the largest effect on the world of any 20th century
Impressions:  In conversation afterwards, I noted that discussion of
personal privacy seemed to be politically incorrect in this group.  Unless
it directly supported corporate commerce, we didn't discuss it.

@_date: 1996-08-20 08:38:21
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: "Utilization Review" 
Unfortunatly, it is still true that whoever pays the piper calls the tune. The best way to ensure medical record privacy is to eliminate medical
insurance.  Perhaps, within our current social order, medical savings plans
are the best option on the table.

@_date: 1996-08-20 11:01:12
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: [RANT] Death of Usenet: Film at 11 
Moderated newsgroups gain reputation from their moderation policies and
probably should not be included in this scheme.

@_date: 1996-08-20 16:33:31
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: "Utilization Review" 
Well, under Cryptoanarchy the whole problem disappears.  Your medical
records are handled as per your contract with your doctor.  There are no
3rd party payers who have a stake.  With no taxes, the deduction for
medical savings plans disappears and with it the principle reason for them.
 (People would still need to save for medical costs.)
The risk of catastrophic illness is indeed significant, but statistically
rare.  If we assume people will insure for it, and insurance companies
still have access to the records of the care they pay for, then we are
still better off than we are today with all care being paid by insurance
companies.  In this scenario, routine medical care is being paid by the
patient, and the records can be private between the patient and the doctor.
 This kind of system would prevent the general availability of information
such as whether a patient had a vasectomy.
Note that in the general case, people are healthy in their youth, and can
build up savings for when health problems develop with age.  TANSTAAFL.  On
the average, everyone has to pay the cost of their medical care.
I have no problem letting my doctor know my medical history protected by
doctor-patient confidentiality.  It's the insurance company/human resources
department/government access I worry about.

@_date: 1996-08-21 06:24:33
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: [RANT] Death of Usenet: Film at 11 
Don't confuse quantity with quality.  When I want a FAQ for some area I
don't normally follow, I go to news.answers.  I know I won't be buried in
social good times the way someone who wants to know about cryptography is
buried when they go to cyperpunks.  I have no such assurance if I were to
go to the news group which created the FAQ.
The reason there are so many different models on the net is they each serve
a purpose.  Don't make the mistake of trying to jam everything into one

@_date: 1996-08-21 08:07:02
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Netscape 3.0 and encryption choices 
The gereral consensus of the experts is that 168 bit 3DES is the best
choice.  DES has been well studied, 168 bit keys are large enough to be
safe, and the ITAR forbids its export.  (ITAR also forbids export of 128
bit cyphers as well, but ITAR is the only NSA approved reputation agent for
crypto, so we use what we have.)

@_date: 1996-08-21 09:23:38
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Key Length Correlation 
According to Applied Cryptography V2,      Symmetric and Public-key Key Lengths with Similar Resistances to Brute-Force Attacks
      Symmetric                Public-key
      Key Length               Key Length
       56 bits                  348 bits
       64 bits                  512 bits
       80 bits                  768 bits
       112 bits                 1792 bits
       128 bits                 2304 bits
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-08-21 12:59:34
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: "Utilization Review" 
The insurance companies have every reason to perform "Utilization Reviews",
since only they have incentive to contain costs.  Our medical plans tend to
insure for routine medical care and as a result, give the insurance
companies the data about our routine care.  If they only paid for
catastrophic illness and accident care, they would only have reason to have
data on that care.
Do you want to share the risk of routine medical care?  Or do you just want
to share the risk of catastrophic illnesses and accidents?  Or do you want
to keep it all private.  What you pay for, you can keep private.  What they
pay for, they can review.  Your choice.

@_date: 1996-08-23 05:37:29
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: RC4 RC2 & MD5??? 
RC2 and RC4 are both both variable key length cyphers developed by Ron
Rivest for RSA Data Security Inc.  They were both protected by trade
secret, but both have been reverse engineered and posted to the net.  Both
of them have fast-path export approval if their key length is 40 bits or
MD5 (Message Digest 5) is not a cypher but a secure hash.  If takes an
input of variable length and computes a 128 bit hash.  Recently some
weaknesses have been found in MD5 leading to the recomendation that new
applications be coded to use SHA1 instead.
As a note: Any good secure hash can be used as a symetric key cypher. Usually doing so involves considerably more computation than a symetric
cypher of equal strength.

@_date: 1996-08-27 07:59:54
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: NSA's Venona Intercepts 
I haven't revisited the site to check, but I distinctly remember a
statement to the effect that the system was a one time pad system. However, due to a mistake somewhere in the chain, some of the one time pads
were used twice.  The resulting two time pad system gave NSA the wedge they
needed to recover what they have.

@_date: 1996-08-27 12:33:12
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Cypherpunk voting - ITAR or CDA 
Every time I think about voting for Dole, I read something in the papers
that convinces me it is a bad idea.  The most recent is that he wants to
raise the intensity of the disastrous, failed war on drugs.
You know the war.  The one that has forced suppliers to enforce their
contracts with violence because the courts won't help them.  The one that
eliminated the concept of responsible use which has worked so well with
alcohol.  The one that has eliminated reputation from the drug market,
leading to overdoses and poisonings.  The one that is responsible for most
of the wire taps authorized in the USA.  The one that has turned the USA
into the prison capitol of the world.  Don't get me started.

@_date: 1996-08-30 05:46:45
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: MSIE cryptography 
I fully agree.  I wonder if the FTC is interested.

@_date: 1996-08-30 09:25:29
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: www.anonymizer.com 
got a nice plug in David Plotnikoff's column in today's
San Jose Mercury News.  He quotes Community ConneXion's motto, "Because on
today's Internet, people do know you're a dog."  He also mentions its
similarity to anonymous remailers.  His capsule review:
"On the upside, it's very easy to use and it supports gopher and FTP
transfers as well as Web pages.  On the downside, it's predictable slow and
pages, bracketed top and bottom with Anonymizer banners, often don't
display quite right."

@_date: 1996-08-30 10:26:20
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Singapore Global Action Alert (8/29/96) 
I don't think this is giving Singapore's rulers the benefit of the doubt. Rather, it is a case of asking politely the first time.  Since it is asking
him to change a policy of his, it is merely avoiding calling him a shithead
in the process.  When you want someone to do something voluntarily, it is
usually better to start by being polite.
It is up to other net-forces to make sure that censorship is ineffective
for technical reasons.

@_date: 1996-08-30 19:40:27
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Exploring (RSA (001) 
I have been collecting information about crypto libraries for the Mac
Crypto conference next week.  Here is what a quick AltaVista search came up
with.  Since you want C++, I would particularly look at Wei Dai's Crypto++
library.  If anyone has other strongly recommended libraries, please let me
Crypto Libraries
   has source for MD5
   for a comparison of crypto
  libraries
   has a collection of
  links to crypto resources
   - Internet Locations   for Materials on the Disks for Applied Cryptography
  Crypto++ in C++ by Wei Dai. -  Has been tested under Codewarrior
  2.0.     ftp://ftp.csn.net/mpj/README  - in the USA
  Cryptolib in C by Jack Lacy - No Mac version, C, Sparc, SGI, i486
  assembler      To obtain, send email to cryptolib at research.att.com with a
    statement of the following
    form: 
    
           "I am a U.S. or Canadian citizen or a legal permanent
    resident of the
            U.S. and am aware that some parts of CryptoLib may be
    restricted under
            United States Export regulations.  I have read and
    understand the
            CryptoLib license."
    
    
            Name:
            Location:
            E-mail:
            Are you licensed to use the RSA patent?
               If yes, give name of licensed organization:
  RSAref 2.0, by RSA Data Security Inc. - Tested with Mac
    ftp://ftp.rsa.com:/rsaref/README  - In the USA
     - in the USA
  SSLeay in C by Eric Young - C, gcc and system cc for Solaris 2.[34]   (sparc and x86), SunOS 4.1.3, DGUX, OSF1 Alpha, HPUX 9, AIX 3.5,
  IRIX 5.[23], LINUX, NeXT (intel)     ftp://ftp.psy.uq.oz.au/pub/Crypto/SSL/
  The Systemics Cryptix Cryptography Library in Java or Perl by Gary
  Howland - Java on Win95, WinNT, Solaris, Linux, Irix.
      The Cryptlib free Encryption Library in C by Peter Gutmann - Unix,
  DOS, windows (16 & 32 bit DLL available), Amiga

@_date: 1996-12-05 23:23:50
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: The Science Generations 
I am definitly from Generation 2.  I have tried to interest my children in
playing with ICs and various electronic pieces.  I have also worked
hand-in-hand with them, rebuilding auto engines and transmissions.  We will
see how it plays out.

@_date: 1996-12-06 10:58:45
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: The Science Generations 
I guess those people using VisiCalc on the Apple ][ weren't doing serious
work :-).  (Also the many small businesses using these early machines for
AR, Accounting etc.)  Me, I was doing OS programming on IBM 370s.

@_date: 1996-12-06 12:35:27
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Systems with weak crypto, was: The House Rules At The Permanent VirtualCypherpunks Party 
However, I assume that you have no objection to others reviewing Don't
proposal for free (Actually for reputation).
Good interfaces are definitely something needed for the widespread adoption
of crypto, either strong or weak.  However, the general opinion I have
heard is that UIs with easily replaced crypto are covered by ITAR.
If Don is contributing to better interfaces, then I agree he is doing a
good thing.  If all he is doing is proposing a new algorithm and describing
it with, to be charitable, non-standard uses of well defined terms, then I
I strongly disagree that cypherpunks are doing an evil thing by exposing
the weaknesses in anyone's (including Don's) crypto system.  There are many
ways to contribute, and publicizing the facts about a system are one of

@_date: 1996-12-08 00:18:31
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: PICS is not censorship 
The last time I looked at PICS, there was a mode where sites were checked
against a third party "PICS server", and a mode which used signed ratings. Now I am not saying these modes can't be hacked.  I don't remember the
details well enough.  But they should be somewhat resistant to problems
with false self-rating.  (How these "PICS servers" and "Rating signers"
keep up with the number of sites and the growth of web page publishing is
not at all clear.  It would seem to me that it would require many people. Perhaps the Christian Coalition can put together a cooperative effort among
their members.)
Note that the "PICS server" approach has major privacy problems.  However,
I don't think that many censors are interested in privacy, so they may not
be a barrier to censorious parents.

@_date: 1996-12-08 11:45:58
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: The Science Generations 
What hand?  You appeared by your statements to be a lover of HP stuff.  I
now find it was only from that era.
My of my hand is only to say that people DID use them other things for real
business uses.  Your posts appeared to say that was impossible.  However,
as Bob Hettinger says, "Reality is not optional."

@_date: 1996-12-09 22:06:36
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Secure Erase for PCs? 
You should really check out Peter Gutmann's paper in the 1996 Usenix
Security Conference Proceedings.  After reading it, I think you will come
to the conclusion that the only secure data destruction technique, against
a well-funded attacker, is destruction of the disk.  I like thermite myself.

@_date: 1996-12-10 23:37:51
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Java DES breaker? 
I have a client who needs strong crypto routines in Java.  (They want
maintain the privacy of their customer's data when stored on the customer's
disk.)  They need the platform independence that Java provides.  I would
appreciate pointers to implementations.  (BTW - I already know about the
Systemics routines.)
Thanks - Bill

@_date: 1996-12-10 23:37:53
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Patriots should use PGP 
Why, certainly during contract negotiation there is a need for privacy, and
a LOT of money at stake.  :-)

@_date: 1996-12-11 23:13:37
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: DNSSEC 
Today at the IETF DNSSEC working group, the group reached consensus to send
the last of their batch of drafts for publication as a RFC.  This action
breaks the logjam and will allow DNSSEC deployment to proceed.
John Gillmore was given a round of applause because he, "Kicked our butts
to get this thing out fast."  He was the only person so honored.

@_date: 1996-12-13 00:21:40
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Java Crypto Code, was Re: Java DES breaker? 
My client is interested in Java for its cross-platform strengths.  I think
that modern machines are fast enough to encrypt the amount of data involved
even running interpreted Java (assuming something like 3DES).  JITs will
only help.  I see no need for assembly level coding for my client's
(I certainly do see a need for assembly code in the DES crack attempt.)

@_date: 1996-12-13 19:14:15
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: NSA/UKUSA Echelon: Exposing the Global Surveillance System 
Most of the information in the article is also in "Secret Power".  A couple
of items I saw that were not mentioned:
* Most major government communication is encrypted.  New Zealand is still
able to get early warning of things like French nuclear tests via traffic
* Singapore was part of the listening network until there was too much
publicity.  (They may again be hosting a listening post.)
* There was a listening post in Hong Kong which has been decommissioned
because of the lease expiration.  (Too bad the Brits didn't get an option
to renew :-).)
J random thoughts:
* Pooling of resources in this manner lets the taxpayer's money go further.
* NSA etc. could solve the problem of which companies to give their
commercial intelligence to by selling it to the highest bidder.  These
sales could possibly replace their current off-books funding kludge.
* As more is learned of the listening network, there is less incentive to
keep it secret, and more incentive to publicly use the intercepts.  This
incentive for secrecy has probably protected many individuals in the past.

@_date: 1996-12-13 23:32:20
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Personal Reputation, was Re: Java DES breaker? 
John will be a much later addition to my killfile than you.  This is
because everything he posts is interesting.  Much of what you post is
personal attack and, as such, uninteresting.  (N.B. aga is the only person
I send directly to the trash at present.)

@_date: 1996-12-15 15:32:49
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: ASM vs portable code [WAS: Re: Java DES breaker?] 
Modern compiler peephole optimizers are quite good, and there is not much
to be gained by trying to beat them.  The real gains come from being able
to make more restrictive assumptions than a compiler based on your superior
knowledge of the program.
For example, most operating system kernels have a global pointer to the
current process.  Assembly language kernels normally dedicate a register to
hold that pointer.  In C, each separately compiled routine must re-load it
from its memory location because they can not coordinate register usage.
Parameter passing is another place this kind of global register assignment
can improve assembly programs.
Another place where this global view of a program helps is in re-loads
after calling externally compiled routines.  The compiler must assume that
the external routine has changed the variable while a smart programmer can
know better and save the re-load.  Even if the data is in the level 1
cache, most architectures can do at most one memory reference instruction
per cycle, and memory accesses seem to be the critical path for OS kernels.
These optimizations work better with register rich architectures such as
the R4000, Sparc, PowerPC etc. than they do on the popular Intel
architecture because there are more registers to use.
BTW - My experience with Assembler over C is more like 4:1 than 2:1.  YMMV!

@_date: 1996-12-16 23:11:49
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: SAV_eit 
Also note who were among Bill Clinton's major supporters.
"He's an honest politician -- he stays bought."  --  Robert A. Heinlein

@_date: 1996-12-16 23:12:07
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Hard to Tax Scenario 
But telepresence would be wonderful for dealing with infectious diseases.
I am not sure we aren't close to that 30% if you include the people who
receive small portions of their income in cash and fail to report it.
While these reporting failures don't have much effect on tax liability,
they do quickly raise the percent of people who are technically in
violation of the tax laws.

@_date: 1996-12-16 23:12:19
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Securing ActiveX. 
It depends on the level of compatibility you need.  If you need bug-for-bug
compatibility, then you get the security bugs too.  The only advantage you
have is being able to run two "systems" on one set of hardware.
If you allow some non-compatibilities, then things get better.  We had a
Unix running on KeyKOS which would run much of the Unix functionality.  For
example, we ran a number of the X demos.  On our IBM/370 version, we ran
IBM's CMS system with binary compatibility.  We used it for our development
environment, including editing, source management, compiling etc.  (There
was one IBM product we did not run.  It needed to read real-addresses to
grunge through system control blocks we hadn't emulated.  Since it had no
interface documentation, we would have had to look at its accesses, figure
out what it wanted, and simulate it.  Too much work for what was a pretty
bad product.)
If I was writing a Netscape implementation for KeyKOS, I would run Java
Applets in a separate protection domain because it would be relatively easy.

@_date: 1996-12-17 10:45:18
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Securing ActiveX. 
While I might agree about Peter, I wouldn't agree if the signature was
Microsoft's (or any other large software vendor).  There is just too much
room for bugs and or Trojan horses to enter via that route.
Not necessarily true.  See Goldberg, Wagner, Thomas, and Brewer, "A Secure
Environment for Untrusted Helper Applications, Confining the Wily Hacker"
from the 6th USENIX Security Symposium proceedings.  (The paper won the
"best paper" award too.)
No, but I would prefer to know what their applications are accessing and
why.  That's why current systems are not good from a security prospective.
I would be a great advance in security if *everything* ran in a sandbox.  A
sandbox specially built for it where it had access to the things it
customarily needed and all other access was mediated by the user.  This
kind of environment has its costs, not so much in performance as in
changing the way people work with computers, but it would be a lot more

@_date: 1996-12-19 21:48:36
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Code+Data separation 
Many modern processors keep separate L1 caches for code and data.  Sparc
architecture requires a special instruction to say, "I have just used data
operations to change this part of the program."  I assume that program
fetchers and linkers must use this instruction.
Keeping separate main memory makes program loading and in-memory dynamic
linking hard.  The linker's data is the processor's program.

@_date: 1996-12-19 21:48:42
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Executing Encrypted Code 
This makes backup hard.  That is the rock the routine copy protection hit
up against.  There were many, me included, who simply said, "If your
product is copy protected then I will buy from your competitor."
So is user written code, public domain code etc.  If there is an
un-encrypted mode for that kind of code, then viruses again become possible.

@_date: 1996-12-20 11:38:14
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Executing Encrypted Code 
I meant processor backup of course.  When my processor breaks at 2AM and I
need to get the report out by 8AM, I'm going to call the software support
line and get help.  Or the friendly hardware manufacturer is going to come
right out and certify my processor is dead.  Come on and get real.  With
most software vendors I can't even submit a bug report.
Note that I am not saying there is a technical problem here.  I do see big
problems with infrastructure and marketing.  The last time software
companies tried to market copy protection, it failed in the market place.
I predict that encyphered instruction streams will too, and for the same

@_date: 1996-12-20 13:46:38
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Executing Encrypted Code 
I have 3 Macs in the house.  The places I work have rooms full of machines.
I thought your model was cheap processors and expensive software.  I.e.,.
The cost of the software is greater than the cost of the hardware.  Sounds
like more than just "a little more".
Again, there is a complex infrastructure which offers the customer no
obvious benefit.  I disagree that copy protection would have been widely
accepted, even had it worked smoothly.  In fact, this scheme can be
characterized as a scheme to make copy protection work.
(Slightly tangentially, when my wife was in China at the Women's Conference
NGO meeting, someone walked off with a collection of copy protection
dongles as souvenirs.  The people who wanted to use the software were SOL.)

@_date: 1996-12-20 20:40:16
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Credentials without Identity--Race Bits 
A question for agent Kallestrom (sp?):  If TWA800 went down due to
mechanical failure (a spark blowing up the fuselage fuel tank), do we get
our freedoms back?

@_date: 1996-12-21 17:11:48
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Executing Encrypted Code 
Let me try to sketch a design for an Encrypted Code Computer (ECC).
I will start with what has become the standard architecture for Personal
Computers/Workstations.  That is:
(1) One or more CPU chips, each of which includes a RISC core, memory
management, and L1 cache.
(2) A L2 cache memory chip.
(3) A main memory bus which either includes an I/O bus or,
(4) A separate I/O bus.
If we decrypt the code on the disk, we gain almost no piracy protection
over current systems, so we must decrypt somewhere in the memory hierarchy.
If we decrypt on the main memory bus, then it will be easy to add bus
snooping hardware to catch the unencrypted program as it is accessed.
While average computer user may not do this, the foreign pirates certainly
will.  Basically the same argument applies to decrypting in the L2 cache,
since it will be easy to sample the signals between the L2 cache and the
That leaves us with decrypting in the CPU.  Most CPU chips have separate
instruction and data L1 caches.  If we assume separate caches for our
system, it becomes logical to decrypt the code as we load it into the L1
cache.  If we assume that we are using public key cryptography to protect
the programs, where the CPU chip has the only copy of the secret key, then
we have to solve the following problems:
(1) We have to decrypt each code line in a few cycles or the system's
performance will be much worse that a similar system without encryption.
(2) We must decrypt cache lines accessed in a basically random manner.
Point (1) means we probably want to encrypt the code with a symmetric
cypher and then encrypt the symmetric key with the CPU's public key.  There
will need to be a way of telling the CPU, "Here's a new encrypted symmetric
key for code."  To avoid having to do a public key decryption on every
process/program switch, the CPU will need a cache of symmetric keys, and
the OS will have to tell it which key-cache entry to use at any point
during execution of the program.  There will have to be a way to
automatically change the key when servicing an interrupt.
Point (2) means we can't use any of the really good encryption modes, and
are pretty much limited to ECB like modes.  If we use straight ECB mode,
then our program becomes subject to a number of cypher-text only attacks.
If we can arrange our software system so code always executes at a constant
virtual address we can reduce these attacks by salting the code cache
blocks with the virtual address.  However, constant virtual addresses make
DLLs somewhat difficult.
Given this design, we need a symmetric cypher which can be decrypted with a
logic array shallower than about 100 gates (which works out to about 5
clock cycles).  We are still going to pay a performance penalty because we
are adding clocks to a critical performance path, but perhaps we can get
Steve Jobs to sell it to the masses :-).
We still have a major problem if we want a multiprocessor system.  How do
we migrate threads between processors?  It seems that we need to have the
same key on all processors (or license and keep in memory multiple copies
of the code).  If we allow the keys off-chip, then recovering them becomes
much easier.  If we keep them on-chip, then the CPU manufacturer needs to
build CPU chips which share a secret key, with all the attendant inventory
problems etc.  (And, if I can move the CPU chips to different systems, then
I can run a single key of the software on multiple systems.)

@_date: 1996-12-22 11:11:33
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Reflections on the Bernstein ruling 
It takes away a power J. Edger Hoover used very effectively.  That is, the
power to control Washington power brokers by tapping their lines and
gathering dirt.  While there are "institutional reforms" which have
"eliminated these kinds of abuses", without at least a public audit which
shows every use of FBI (etc.) wiretapping equipment, and a paper trail to
back it up, we can not be sure.
(This audit would require a separate escrow agency to keep the wiretap
equipment and check it out to the FBI for use.  It would also require that
the equipment be complex enough that it can't be cobbled together with
pieces from Radio Shack.  Note that these restrictions are less severe than
those Greg Broiles describes for convicted felons during parole.)

@_date: 1996-12-24 12:00:25
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: domestic laws/policies 
If your algorithm is only for domestic use, then there are no restrictions
and no need to register.  However, if even a single copy is illegally
exported, and even if there is no evidence that you helped in its export,
then you may experience a situation similar to Phill Zimmerman's where the
government persecuted him until the statue of limitations ran out.
However judge Patell's decision, if it is applied to you, may make the
export of an academic or even source code description of your algorithm
legal.  YMMV.
IMHO, the bottom line is that if you publish in this area you are stepping
onto a battle ground.  If you don't want any risk of getting shot at, the
only safe place is not publishing/selling.  If you do publish or sell, and
take reasonable precautions to stay within the law, you are fairly safe,
but government harassment can not be ruled out.

@_date: 1996-12-24 12:48:56
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Democracy, yeah right. 
At 11:49 AM -0800 12/24/96, Blake Coverett quoted:
It is truly amazing what public servants will do to protect their jobs.
BTW - The largest single contributor, as of the last report required before
the election, to the California No on Medical Marijuana Initiative campaign
was the California Narcotics Officers Association. - San Jose Mercury News

@_date: 1996-12-24 16:37:23
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: domestic laws/policies 
You have to describe the algorithm as part of getting an export license, or
commodity jurisdiction.  Since this description must be in sufficient
detail so a reader can implement the algorithm, this description might
properly be described as "registration".

@_date: 1996-12-30 22:58:35
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: New crypto regs outlaw financing non-US development 
Gee, I always thought that people on this list only advocated changing the
ITAR thru legal means.  The fact that strong crypto is widely available
outside the USA is merely supporting evidence for this view.  :-)
It's nice to see some signal back instead of just the noise sent during the
Christmas attack on the list.  Thanks to all of you who provided the signal.

@_date: 1996-12-30 23:01:00
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
The Christmas attack against this list shows the need to develop lists
which are resistant to attacks.  If cyberspace is to become the town square
of the next century, we need to be able to discourage brown shirts attacks
on political gatherings.  If lists are to be a major part of the political
life of the community, then they must be resistant to attacks from
knowledgeable, well financed attackers, not just the shits who were the
most recent perps.
There are several principles which should be observed:
(1) Since attacks are based on sending to the list, receiving the list
should remain substantially unchanged.
(2) Spam attacks should be throttled at the source, so they do not act as a
denial of service attack on the list server.
Here is a sketch of a protocol which attempts to achieve these goals:
(1) All messages sent to the list must be encrypted with the list's public
key.  This requirement is primarily to protect the posting token (see
below).  However, it alone will probably reduce the problem.  Certainly it
will eliminate the effectiveness of the "subscribe the list to some other
list" attacks.
(2) In order to post to the list, the poster must have a valid posting
token.  These tokens are available, in limited number, anonymously.  Tokens
remain valid unless canceled for abuse.  However, if too many posts are
received with a given token, TCP performance on sockets using that token
may become arbitrarily slow (or the circuit may be dropped).
(3) In order to limit the number of posting tokens, the list server will
only issue a few per day.  The lucky few who get them, everyone who asks
under normal circumstances, may be determined by an algorithm designed to
limit token collection by future attackers.  (This area is where this
proposal needs work!)

@_date: 1996-12-31 18:41:29
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: premail. 
(1) Protection against this scenario is what the signatures on the key are for.
(2) Nomenclature quibble: It would have to be Mallory, not Eve.  Eve can
only listen.  Mallory is a lot more dangerous because he can
alter/delete/insert messages as well as listen.

@_date: 1996-02-05 15:55:03
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: cipherpunk mail at Netcom.com 
I have only received one message.  Since all of the header dates are from
last Tuesday, it may not count.  BTW - I received it sometime between
Saturday morning and Sunday night.  (I was out of town over the weekend.):
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1996-02-08 15:44:35
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: cipherpunk mail at Netcom.com 
Now that dam seems to have broken (I have received over 250 messages in the
last four hours), perhaps I can ask, "What Happened?".
I, along with Norm and Lucky received no Cypherpunks traffic for about a
week from Februrary 1 to February 7.  During this period, we could not get
response from majordomo at toad.com.  I asked a friend in the east to ping
toad.com and request "help" from majordomo at toad.com.  He did and reported
no problems with either test.
I have sent a request to Netcom support for help with this problem, but
their automatic responder says the have a 2 week backlog of email! :-(. Perhaps I will get some information from them in a few weeks.
I have two questions: (1) Did people who are not at netcom.com or
ix.netcom.com experience this outage?  (2) Did people who ARE at netcom.com
or ix.netcom.com receive the normal level of traffic during this period? Please respond by private email and I will summarize for the list.
I my more paranoid moments, I wonder if this a practice denial of service
attack.  In any case, perhaps this post will explain some of the strange
posts we have been sending to cypherpunks this last week.  My appologies
for the noise.
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1996-02-10 14:45:48
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Tell me whats wrong with this 
I agree strongly with Tim on this one.  The one time the OFF switch didn't
work for me with my sons, (the disagreement was about quantity, not
content), I used wire cutters on the cable.  Very effective. Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1996-02-10 18:05:28
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: The V-Chip glass is half full 
As a incurable optimist, I would like to offer a view contrary to all the
V-Chip doom and gloom.
Consider the Movie rating system as a precedent.  In the old days there was
a rating system in Hollywood which made it impossible to show a married
couple sleeping in the same bed.  This situation is analogous to modern TV
where George Carlin's 7 naughty words may not be spoken.
Contrast that with today's movies.  There is a much wider latitude about
the movies you can make and distribute.  All you have to do is label them
NC-17, R. or X and you are clean.  Of course, there are newspapers which
will not allow you to advertise and theaters which will not show the
X/NC-17 movies, but that's the way the market works.
With some luck, we will be able to see on TV what we can now see in the
movie theater, and the prudes will screen it out with the V-Chip the same
way they now screen it out with the movie rating.  Everyone is (more or
less) happy.
Panglossianly yours - Bill

@_date: 1996-02-11 03:54:07
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Req. for soundbites 
"Give me the liberty to know, to utter, and to argue freely according to
conscience, above all liberties."
"Though all the winds of doctrine were let loose to play upon the earth, so
Truth be in the field, we do injuriously, by licensing and prohibiting, to
misdoubt her strength.  Let her and Falsehood grapple; who ever knew Truth
put to the worse, in a free and open encounter?"
Both are John Milton, Areopagitica (1644)
And theis .sig:
Arun Mehta, B-69 Lajpat Nagar-I, New Delhi-24, India. Phone 6841172,6849103
amehta at doe.ernet.in a.mehta at axcess.net.in amehta at cerf.net
"I do not want my house to be walled in on all sides and my windows to be stuffed. I want the cultures of all the lands to be blown about my house as freely as possible. But I refuse to be blown off my feet by any."--Gandhi

@_date: 1996-02-12 12:52:30
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Strange Sounds of Silence 
> Has anyone else out there noticed the strange sounds of silence
 > emmanating from the american print and broadcast media concerning the
 > rider attached to the Telecommunications Act recently signed by
 > President Clinton known as the CDA (Communications Decency Act)?
There seems to be a wide difference in the way the major media is reporting
this story.  For example, the editorial cartoon in today's (Sunday) San
Jose (California) Mercury News:
Picture: A man dressed in the style of the American Revolution sitting at a
computer.  In the background are a two pictures in ovel frames.  Next to
him on the table are a can of Pepsi and a candle stick.  He is typing at
the keyboard.  The thought baloon above the keyboard says (I substutite
XXXXXX for the areas that are drawn as a censor's block blackout):
"Dear Congressman --
You XXXXXX XXXXXX have really done it this time!  This XXXXXX XXXXXXX
telecommunications bill with its XXXXXX XXXXXXX indecency provision is a
XXXXXX attack on free speech!  You should have your XXXXXXX XXXX dipped in
tar and feathered!
                        tjefferson at aol.com"
Of course the Mercury News a couple of weeks ago announced that it was
going to try to provide first class coverage of cyberspace issues.  I give
it at least a B+ between its coverage of the CDA and the front page
interview with Rich Graves and discussion of the alternate sites to get
around the German censorship of Webcom.

@_date: 1996-02-12 13:02:03
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: V-chips, CC, and Motorcycle Helmets 
One thing the V-Chip gives us is the argument:  Now that parents have the
ability to control what their children watch, the government should turn
responsibility over to them and butt out.

@_date: 1996-02-13 04:45:45
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: V-chips, CC, and Motorcycle Helmets 
Absolutely!  But the technology that lets individuals make the choice
weakens their argument that the government must take a hand.
Again, absolutely.  Hell, I can't even devise a filter that will let me
filter out Jim Bell's rants while letting me see his reasoned arguments on
anonymous assassination.  (I would love to have him address the Salman
Rushdie issue, a man who is still alive despite a considerable announced
price for his head.  There appear to be limits to who can be subject to
assassination for pay.)

@_date: 1996-02-13 05:43:17
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: China 
Back in the really dark ages, we used acoustic couplers (300 b/s max) which
held a telephone handset, so there was no direct connection to the
telephone lines.  The phone company asserted that they were also illegal,
but their argument was kind of weak!

@_date: 1996-02-14 05:33:08
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Using /dev/random for PGP key generation? Be Wary 
If there are no common-mode sources, xoring two streams will not reduce the
entropy.  If you use PGP's keyboard timings for one stream, and (e.g.) disk
drive randomness for the other, the output of the xor of the two streams
should have at least as much entropy as the best of the two.
However, I would be worried if /dev/random and PGP were both using keyboard
timings to generate entropy.

@_date: 1996-02-14 09:13:09
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: V-chips, CC, and Motorcycle Helmets 
These points would not affect a devout Iranian Muslem.  To him the death
warent has already been issued by legitimate authority.  It is not even
clear that money would be his princple motivator.
I must respectifully disagree with Jim in this case.  I believe that
Rushdie has not been hit because the protection he enjoys is sufficent to
repel the potential assassins.  Note that he has an advantage over the US
president (who probably has as many potential assassins) in that he does
not need to make public appearences.
Adding money to the pot will attract rational (and amoral) people who will
then make a determination based on (1) profit, and (2) risk, which includes
getting caught or killed.  It seems to me that Secret Service levels of
protection can protect a public figure against even Assassination Politics.

@_date: 1996-02-14 10:27:17
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: NETSCAPE IS "IN MERGER TALKS WITH AMERICA ONLINE" 
PowerPC News (free by mailing add at aptdata.co.uk) quotes Reuter as as saying
that Thomas Middelhoff, a board member of Bertelsmann AG, which has a
significant stake in America  Online, said that a decision on the merger
could be made within a month. He noted that new data showed that 40% of US
Internet traffic was flowing through America OnLine's network and that
together with Netscape the two companies would effectively  control the
technology now shaping the global network - "And then Microsoft would be
left without an Internet standard,".

@_date: 1996-02-14 17:51:31
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: V-chips, CC, and Motorcycle Helmets 
I assume that both Declan and Jim Bell agree that people high in the
government will be immune because they already enjoy this level of
protection (limitation one).  So the only people we can hit are the cannon
fodder, not the ones who gave the orders.  It has always been this way with
If, after a couple of the Waco people had been hit, I was given the
responsibility to protect them I would proceed as follews:
(1) Gather them and their families onto some Army base and step up the
patrols.  Now I have them safe.
(2) Train and release them thru the witness protection program.  Cost
$20,000/person (if I remember the article John Young posted a pointer to
correctly.  (Thanks John))  This is probably about the same as the cost of
their training, so it makes economic sense.
(3) Make sure that the names/faces of the cannon fodder in future actions
are not available to make it harder to target the guilty.

@_date: 1996-02-16 10:28:40
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Assassination Politics(tm) was V-chips, CC, and Motorcycle Helmets 
[I've changed the Subject: to more accurately reflect the contents]
My purpose on this thread is to examine the limits of Jim Bell's idea of
Assassination Politics.  My ground rules are to assume that it is a natural
outgrowth of the technologies of anonymous cash and anonymous remailers. As such arguments that it is immoral are only valid to the extent that they
bare on individual's decisions to particpate in an assassination.
I believe that we have general agreement that high government figures are
not subject to sanction via assassination politics because they already
enjoy Secret Service levels of protection.
I also believe that Jim and I disagree about the significance of Salmon
Rushdie.  Jim thinks that the lack of anonymity in the Mullah's
assassination bounty is repelling possible assassins.  I disagree.  A
question worth asking is, How much does it cost the British government to
protect Mr. Rushdie by keeping his location secret and providing other
unspecified protection.  If anyone knows the answer, it could help build an
economic model of Assassination Politics.
Jim Bell said:
I agree that Jim's idea of targeting certain specific individuals, such as
the sniper above might work.
However if you tackle the whole tax system, you get into problems of scale.
 The IRS alone (according to their web page) has over 110,000 employees,
and we havn't even mentioned the state and local employees.  I don't think
killing one or two will have a sigificant effect (that is occuring now).  I
will assume that you have to successfully kill about 10% to have enough
effect to shut off the government's money supply.
Attacks at this scale will be difficult because while people will have
perfect anonymity in cyberspace, they won't enjoy it in physical space. Neighbors, survalence cameras, etc.; in fact all the technology that makes
privacy so hard to achieve today will be available to catch the assassins. The police will also be more motivated to utilize the technology for this
class of people than they would for drug dealers, pimps and other low
lifes.  These points will tend to raise the price of assassinations.
Let us assume that we can buy assassinations for $50,000 per person.  Times
11,000 people is $550 million dollars.  That is quite a sum.  I need to see
an analysis which shows how to raise money on this scale.

@_date: 1996-02-16 17:41:31
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: NETSCAPE IS "IN MERGER TALKS WITH AMERICA ONLINE" 
Perry sent me a polite note asking why I had posted the original post, and
I replied:
He suggested that in the future I make it clear why I think my posts are
relevent to the subject of the list.
I agree that keeping the cost of market entry low, by having the technical
standards freely available at no cost is an excellent way of furthering
this goal.  (The IETF has a similar policy.)  In addition, free software
(in the sense of the Free Software Foundation) will help.
BTW - I do not consider oligopolistic control of the net of the net to be a
serious danger in the five year time frame.  I am less sanguine about the
30 year time frame.

@_date: 1996-02-17 11:16:21
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: AT&T Public Policy Research -- hiring for cypherpunks 
FYI - IP portability, both in the sense of disconnecting in one place and
reconnecting in another and in the sense of keeping a TCP connection alive
while moving from place to place are design goals of IPv6
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1996-02-18 13:59:10
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: True random numbers 
The algorithm used with IP packets isn't even particulary good for error
detection.  It was designed for easy computation on slow, narrow chips.
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1996-02-18 14:03:38
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Using lasers to communicate 
Ah yes, but software without hardware doesn't do much.  Wires are
expensive, and in many places you can't string them across public
right-of-ways.  The distance from my house to my neighbor across the street
is less than 200 feet.  I suspect some form of optical link would work
fairly well.  I also think it would be hard to tap.
I think my point is, don't throw something out of your tool bag just
because you can't use it everywhere.

@_date: 1996-02-18 14:04:39
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Legal status of Indian Reservations and CDA 
In the last Indian war (the Modoc war), the Indian leaders were hanged as
common criminals when the war was over.  The current law allows small sins
on the reservation.  I suspect that if you tried to sell porn from a
reservation or thru the mail you would find out the limits of Indian

@_date: 1996-02-19 05:49:48
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: A Cyberspace Independence Refutation 
My wife attended the World Women's Conference in Hai Rou, China (as staff
supporting their Apple computers).  She reports that the "killer
application" demonstrated there was email.  Women in extreemly poor
countries of the world were interested in communicating with each other
about solving local problems (e.g. Clean water supplies).
The demand is there.  These people are not stupid.  They can learn.  I
expect to see the village email computer build on "obsolete" donated
machines start to become a force in the next century, the same way the
village TV and cassette player have played a role in the last decade.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-02-19 12:06:55
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Req. for soundbites 
After following the information on the cda96-l mailing list I have a new
one for you, "The CDA means lost jobs and dead teenagers".
The lost jobs result from content providers going overseas and the dead
teenagers result from the loss of anonymously accessible information about
homosexuality (suicides) and AIDS prevention (AIDS).
OBcrypto - Strong anonymity can save lives.

@_date: 1996-02-19 12:49:59
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
I don't think that it matters whether you convert to electronics or amplify
with laser techniques.  The cryptographic secret is kept in the quantum
uncertainity of the state of the (single) photon.  Anything that collapses
that quantum uncertainity acts as a man-in-the-middle and stops the key/OTP

@_date: 1996-02-20 03:57:23
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Req. for soundbites 
For the record, that is not my statement, but one I was replying to.  No
offense, I think I may have made the same kind of mistake.
Tallpaul is right when he says that one SHOULD not deal with complex issues
through sound bites.  However, the mathematical model for this part of
politics is Prisoner's Dilemma.  (BTW It is also the model for negative
advertising.)  When your opponent goes to sound bites, you also must, or
you will lose.
The CDA fans have been using sound bites such as, "It will protect our
children from netporn."  and, "The net is a sea of pornography."  Lost jobs
and dead teenagers are the strongest images I can present on our side and
still feel look at myself in the mirror in the mornings.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-02-21 00:20:10
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Web Browsers and Anonymous Mail (Was: NSA net trolling) 
A look at the documentation does not show one.  You may have to implement
the whole MTA protocol yourself :-(.  It does occur to me that such a
library would only be possible in a browser that knows (via configuration)
how to find MTAs.
Good luck - Bill

@_date: 1996-02-21 02:51:07
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: JavaScript to grab email 
Anyone know the email address of an email reflector that automatically
sends everything sent (not bounced) to it back to the sender.  Or I suppose
I could use invalid names/domain names.

@_date: 1996-02-21 15:41:57
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Chaotic physical systems as random number sources (fwd) 
On problem I can think of with pendulums would be a low bit rate.  What
kind or rate do you get from your setup.  (Of course with nano-technology
pendulums ...)

@_date: 1996-02-23 05:51:54
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Digital Signature Legislation (fwd) 
One important point here is what is "reasonable care"?  In a very real
sense, all consumer computer operating systems are not secure.  I have
posted a theoretical virus born attack on PGP's secret key to the
cypherpunks mailing list (archives at  Nathinal Borenstein of First Virtual has posted to the same list, a
description of a partially implemented attack on credit card numbers which
has received heavy response.  If there is enough reward, these attacks will
The question I have is, does "reasonable care" include keeping your machine
"virus free"?  The historic precedent is the liability limit on nuclear power plants.
For both these problems, a relatively low liability limit would force
people to use other techniques (e.g. old style signed contracts) for large
transactions.  While we are working the bugs out of a new technology, with
new standards of "reasonable care", everyone might win if the risks are
I believe the area of privacy is where the real problems lie.  I will let
other, more qualified, people suggest alternatives to the Utah law
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-02-24 05:48:51
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Look, a chain letter :-) 
This struck me as a mailbomb attack, which I would rather not particpate
in.  However, I have a letter on the CDA I want to send to the president. It might turn out that it is ready to send on Feb 29.  :-)

@_date: 1996-02-24 13:49:39
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: TIS--Building in Big Brother for a Better Tommorrow 
If a key is being generated for two way communications, then it should be
generated via a protocol like Diffie-Hellman which leaves no recoverable
knowlege of the key outside the participants, and discarded when the
session is over of frequently, whichever occurs more often.  This procedure
will reduce the incentive for rubber hose attacks to recover these keys.

@_date: 1996-02-24 15:33:33
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: REM_ote 
I agree these problems will continue to show up from time to time.  With a
large security kernel, you will have security bugs.  However, if the fixes
come out in a week, then the hacking potental is greatly reduced.
A very good idea.  An advantage for web based products.
This is all true.  However, from what I know, in this case you would need
to know the details of the flaw, and be able to generate a java bytecode
stream which takes advantage of the problem.  If the fixes come out
quickly, then your attackers don't have much time.  However if they
discover the flaw before you do you are in deep shit.

@_date: 1996-02-26 08:31:10
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: REM_ote 
I will point out that we are already trusting our copy of the Netscape
browser not to abuse its knowledge of our browsing habits.  The best we can
do to assure that our trust is not misplaced is monitor its communications,
and if it is encrypting, we can't even do that.

@_date: 1996-02-26 13:25:50
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Encryption Chips 
These things do not need to be verified at the source level.  One could
verify the output of the compiler and then publish a secure hash of it. (What an tedious job.)  There is infinite regress in these things, but I
would tend to trust a program which verified the secure hash of the crypto
system if that program was written after I received the release of the
compiler I am compiling it with.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-02-28 17:06:58
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Cyberspace Hashishim Declare Jihad [NOISY] 
has a declaration which includes
many of the crypto-anarchy concepts.

@_date: 1996-02-28 22:30:49
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: PGP source code book sold out! 
There are still copies on the shelf at Computer Literacy Bookshops
(408)435-1118 (they mailorder too).

@_date: 1996-03-01 06:05:10
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Information...  We need Information... 
Some of Friedman's instruction manuals from the (pre?)WW2 days have been
declassified.  When I was down at Computer Literacy Bookshops
(408/435-1118) in San Jose, they had 5 or 6 titles on codebreaking. Applied Cryptography talks about some more modern attacks, such as meet in
the middle.  Starting from the references and going to a good technical
library might produce some information.
Good Luck - Bill

@_date: 1996-01-03 11:52:35
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Guerilla Internet Service Providers (fwd) 
Don't forget about infrared to cross public rights-of-way.  I have long
dreamed of tossing a piece of coax over the fence to my neighbors.
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1996-01-03 16:12:59
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Guerilla Internet Service Providers (fwd) 
How much reliability do you need?  As a first approxmation, look out your
window.  How often is it that you can't see your neighbor's house?  Here in
California, power failures are more frequent.  (N.B. higher level protocols
will recover from interruptions due to, e.g. large trucks.)
I first heard of people using the technology to extend an IBM mainframe
channel across a freeway 15 or 20 years ago.

@_date: 1996-01-03 19:45:24
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: 2047 bit keys in PGP 
To nitpick:  Getting the RSA key will give you ALL the IDEA keys.  That is
probably worth 200-10000 times the effort.
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1996-01-04 02:40:51
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Guerilla Internet Service Providers (fwd) 
Previous exchanges deleted...
With a tightly focused beam (light is easy, I don't know about lower
frequencies), you can prevent interception except by very obvious physical
devices.  (e.g. Someone in a cherry picker truck.)  You may be able to
avoid the need to encrypt the link (and all the paranoia about key
management, advances in factoring etc. that that implies.)
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1996-01-04 20:26:50
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Guerilla ISPs 
I would be skeptical too, but the cable modems I reviewed in a marketing
research focus group were from HP.  My view of HP's reputation is that when
they claim their equipment does something, it does.  Does anyone want to
offer counter examples?
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1996-01-05 04:22:05
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Guerilla Internet Service Providers (fwd) 
(1) No single communication technology is appropriate for every problem.
(2) A technical fix could include having the receiver send steering orders
to the transmitter.  This solution would, of course, be a long way from the
low tech scavenged lens and 1/2 meter cardboard mailing tube technology I
was thinking of.

@_date: 1996-01-05 04:59:58
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Massey, CEO of Compuserve, on Internet 
Caller ID could tell them where you are calling from.  They can also use
their billing information and user profile information to decide where you
live and/or how old you are.  I wonder if any of these filters will keep
the German prosecutors off their necks, given that they can be bypassed.
I feel sorry for them given the situation they are in, and want to kick
their butts for just rolling over dead instead of fighting for free access.
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1996-01-05 11:39:40
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Net Censorship Story on All Things Considered 
This evening I heard a story on Internet censorship on All Things
Considered.  They said that Compuserve was close to deploying technology to
keep only Germans out of the 200 news groups.  (Compuserve and the Germans
still disagree about where the list came from.)
They also interviewed Denise Curaso (sp?) who provided some reality about
the how censorship could quickly move to political views that certain
countries don't like and how a Compuserve user could easly bypass
Compuserve censorship.
The story ended with the comment that in the past, many net people have
said that since the Internet was designed to survive atomic war, the net
would just bypass around censorship, but between the Germans and Exon,
fewer of them are saying it now.
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1996-01-07 08:00:07
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Revoking Old Lost Keys 
Perhaps if keys could be made with expiration dates (certificates too),
this problem might be reduced to managable proportions.
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1996-01-10 02:34:32
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Microsoft continues to mislead public about Windows          securitybugs (a bit long, with references) 
Having, in the past, attempted to sell an Operating System with high
security features, and failed, I think I can give you some insight. Security does not sell an OS to anyone, even the Department of Defense. People buy OSs to run applications.  The only thing a lack of security in
an OS will do is allow someone in an obscure department (perhaps called
Corporate Security) to say no.
Security is a checkoff item, and if you can convince a retired major that
the OS is secure, then he will approve it.  He is not going to check the
details.  His expertise is in guard stations and chain link fences. However, if someone, e.g. the trade press, rubs his nose in the fact that
an OS's security can be breached, then he will take action.  He will
pressure the publisher to release a fix that they say will fix the problem.
 When they do, he will be happy.
Microsoft particulary, is oriented to selling product, not pride in workmanship.
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1996-01-11 04:13:56
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Net Control is Thought Control 
Who apperently when thru the roof when they saw Casablanca.  It was real
obvious what Rick and Ilsa were doing in Paris, but there were no bedroom
scenes to cut.  A classic example of Art over Asshole.
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1996-01-24 11:36:54
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: IPSEC == end of firewalls 
At least maybe I can avoid Perry's wrath for an off topic post :-).
I agree that firewalling every machine would be extreemly difficult with
Unix based systems (including MSDOS and MacOS) because so many usefull
hacker tools are available from root and everyone has access to root.  With
systems that provide better isolation, it becomes possible to dedicate the
network interface to the protection domain which is running the firewall
code.  You also need to divide up the administration so the direct user
does not break that isolation.
BTW, IBM's VM/370 (and successors) has good isolation and could probably
perform in this role.  Other systems such as KeyKOS
( and EROS (
certainly could.
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1996-01-24 16:02:14
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: IPSEC == end of firewalls 
Expressed that way, I must agree.  However, I think we also agree that
firewalls in general should be elsewhere.

@_date: 1996-01-25 04:23:54
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Hack Java 
We reduce the problem of an infected Java Interpreter to the previously
unsolved problem of virus protection in general.  I think it is possible to
build highly virus resistant systems, but the cost in user retraining will
be huge.
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1996-01-25 04:32:12
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Crippled Notes export encryption 
I think this is likely to be an oversimplification.  While there are
probably a number of people in e.g. FBI, DEA, DOJ who want to restrict
domestic crypto, I suspect there are also a number of people in e.g. NSA
who are sincerly interested in using SIGINT to protect the US from foreign
threats and want strong domestic crypto as part of that protection.
As always, public policy is a compromise between competing interests
(INSIDE the beltway).  However, the current policy is a holdover from the
days when strong crypto was a closely held trade secret.  Since this
assumption is no longer true, the policy becomes more and more
disfunctional every day.
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1996-01-26 09:06:48
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: "This post is G-Rated" 
... Discussion of rating systems elided.
Does anyone have suggestions for achieving the goals of the V-Chip with
many non-govermental rating agencies?  It seems to me that empowering
parents would head off the TV/Internet censors.  Any parent who was
interested in acting as a censor for their children's TV/Internet would be
happy to pay an extra $20 or so for the technical means to achieve that
goal.  The big problem is how are the labels attached to the programs.  I
agree with Tim that it is probably imposible for individual Usenet
postings.  However is should be possible for TV programs, and whole
BTW - I think that such hardware/software is a wonderful way train hackers.
 Most of the teenagers I know, know more about their home electronics than
their parents do.  And the teenagers RTFM.

@_date: 1996-01-26 09:18:03
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: TOP_tap 
Back in the dark ages (I think early 1980s), I attended a Symposium on
Operating System Princples at Asilomar, California.  My luck-of-the-draw
room mate was wearing a badge which proclaimed that he was from NSA, Fort
Mead, MD.  A story of California hippy meets US-DOD.

@_date: 1996-01-26 14:58:58
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: "Gentlemen do not read each other's mail" 
I am not sure that I believe this line of reasoning my self, but here goes:
The US government is "owned" by its citizens.  Therefore US citizens should
have a high degree of protection from their government.  However, non-US
citizens do not enjoy this same high standard (not being "owners").  They
perhaps should enjoy a similar standard in relation to their own
Another way of putting it is that while gentlemen do not read each other's
mail, gentlemen read non-gentlemen's mail.

@_date: 1996-01-27 05:29:58
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: "This post is G-Rated" 
I think you have a very different view of rating than I do.  For example, I
would be comfortable rating all the Sesame Street shows for sex and
violence without seeing any more than I have seen, just based on the
reputation of the show's producers.  Based on reviews in the newspaper
(since the net has replaced TV for me), most of the current network shows
can also be rated for all their episodes.  Remember also, there is an
"unrated" catagory.  Some people will refuse to access unrated material. Others, (I suspect you and I) may seek it out.
One possible addition to search engines would be to give the people who
have actually viewed the video/web page etc. an opportunity to rate it on
any of several criteria including whether they thought it was worth their
time.  Other people could then use these ratings as they wanted (including
ignoring them).  The big problem I see would be making the system easy
enough to use to get a reasonable response.

@_date: 1996-01-27 05:43:48
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: "This post is G-Rated" 
On cypherpunks, Perry is the principle enforcer, although others frequently
join in.
Of course it works.  Cypherpunks stays much more on the topic than it would
without Perry.  Since Perry has no way of directly enforcing his opinions,
they can be overridden by any other posters, but his "moral suasion" does
have an effect on many of us.

@_date: 1996-01-27 06:14:02
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: "This post is G-Rated" 
Absolutely correct.  What we don't have is general firewall discussions and
general conspiricy discussions (which are directed elsewhere).  Perry
performs a needed function.
Such parents would not let their children read unmoderated/unrated
newsgroups.  I think they are failing their children, but they would
certainly disagree.
The people who want a "controlled cyberspace" will not be happy.  I want
explore the consiquences, both technical and social, of taking the control
away from them by putting in the hands of individuals and minor children's
parents.  This approach would destroy their principle argument and make it
less likely that they will succeed.  However, unlike the motion picture
precedent, I think multiple rating agencies will not only be desirable, but
necessary.  I assume that in addition to the Christian Coalition's rating
service there would be a Hottest Pics of the Net service.

@_date: 1996-01-27 14:28:39
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Denning's misleading statements 
However unlike guns which require some level of machine shop to produce,
cryptographic systems can be produced at home by a smart high school
student with only the computer that is needed to compete in the the modern

@_date: 1996-01-28 03:35:25
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: "This post is G-Rated" 
Web sites and TV series can both be rated without seeing each and every
It seems to me that a moderated news group or mailing list would be easy. You don't expect explicit sex descriptions to show up in the comp.
hieararcy.  An unmoderated group or list carries a higher risk of seeing inappropriate
material.  However even unmoderated lists have standards and those people
who enforce those standards.  This kind of enforcement is an example of
communitarian as opposed to authoritarian control.  It all depends on just
how vital it is to the consumer (and rating group) that NO inappropriate
material appear.
Crypto relevence: Public key systems or digital signitures can help ensure
that the material actually comes from it reputed source (e.g. the

@_date: 1996-01-28 10:15:39
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: This post is rated LTC for `Low Technical Content' 
d. The "V-Chip" device makes a network query to the selected rating service
to ask for a rating.  What happen when the rating service is unreachable is
just one of the many parameters that the parent needs to set.  (If designed
right, no parent could use it, but its availability would still stop the
adult censorship croud in congress.)
This approach as the advantage that the communications costs accrue to
those using the feature and not to everyone else.  A disadvantage is that
each content item needs some ID.

@_date: 1996-01-28 11:17:38
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: This post is rated LTC for `Low Technical Content' 
... Rich - Remember that this is NOT being designed for usability, only to stop
a bad movement in congress.  The reason I proposed solution (d) is that it
adds no overhead to people who don't use it.  (I propose using the
it has spoofing problems, but perhaps congress won't notice.)
Perhaps we should re-visit the need for usability if anyone really wants to
use such a system themselves.  As a parent, I always wanted my children to
explore freely and discuss anything they found that bothered them.

@_date: 1996-01-29 05:51:00
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: more RANTING about NSA-friendly cpunks 
I am not a lawyer, but I suspect that the proscuters gave up because they
could not build a trail of evidence between Zimmermann and the actual
export.  After all, Zimmermann only wrote PGP.  He didn't post it on the
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1996-01-30 16:31:27
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Lotus Notes 
One other small advantage I can see to using Lotus's crippled encryption. It disguises the fact that a message is actually (double) encrypted with
PGP.  Attackers have to break the 40 bits before they see the PGP encrypted
data.  A pecular kind of steganography.  (If you leave off the PGP header
and trailer, it may be hard to determine which 40 bits are the correct
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1996-01-31 07:18:26
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: PPP link encryption? 
Ballpark estimate:  If the encryptor receives a complete packet before
encrypting and forwarding it then there would be an additional
packetSize/byteRate + encryptionTime seconds added to the packet's transit
If the encryptor encrypts "on the fly", passing the bits of a packet as
their are received, then it would add almost no latency.  However, the
encryption algorithms would be limited to stream cyphers, which have
security and error recovery implications.  See "Applied Cryptography" for
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1996-01-31 09:17:34
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: FL Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Logins 
My bigest worry about Java security is the size of its "security kernel". Having a small, well defined, security kernel is a big advantage.  All the
better if the source is available for public review.  Java has a large, and
to me somewhat undefined "security kernel".
(BTW - I havn't been able to find on the web pages the kind of overview of
the libraries which would make the detailed method descriptions make sense.
 Perhaps I havn't looked in the right place.)
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1996-01-31 15:20:19
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Lotus Notes 
Tim May had it exactly right in his post entitled "Silver Linings and
Monkey Wrenches" (thanks Tim).  The only thing I can add is that forcing
them to attack a 40 bit key is better than giving them the whole key thru
some LEAF scheme ala Clipper.
As long as you can cut and paste, PGP (at least the Mac version) is hard to
lock out and minimally usable.

@_date: 1996-07-01 15:45:40
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: FTS2000 and Encryption? 
Please post the URL when you can.
Given that FTS2000 supports X.25 Packet Assembly Disassembly (PADs), there
is a wide field ahead for screwing up such useful features as 8-bit
transparent characters and data forwarding (i.e. When does the PAD decide
it has a complete packet and actually send it).  Try running emacs without
good data forwarding control.

@_date: 1996-07-01 15:46:58
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: The Net and Terrorism 
Thanks Tim for your essay.  The only thing I would add is that terrorist
attacks  on pure information resources (e.g. the banking system) are likely
to result in many fewer casualties than terrorist attacks on physical
entities (e.g. major cities).  Another way of saying it is, email bombs are
preferable to snail mail bombs.

@_date: 1996-07-02 17:49:25
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: rsync and md4 [NON-CRYPTO ALGORITHM] 
I worked with an algorithm which sounds similar to this one back about 20
years ago when creating a diff for VM/370 at Tymshare.  Here's a quick
description of the algorithm so you can see how much the hashing discussion
below applies to your problem.
(1) Chose a way to break the files into "units".  We chose line ends.
(2) Hash each unit in both files making two vectors of hashes.
(3) Identify which units exist once and only once in a file by:
(3a) Initialize a (large) vector of 2-bit entries to all zeros.
(3b) Use the hash of each unit to index the vector.  If the entry is 00
change it to 01.  If it is 01 change it to 10.  If it is 10 leave it alone.
(4) And the two 2-bit entry vectors together to get the units that exist
once and only once in both files.  These units are anchors of similarity
between the files.
(5) Find the hashes which represent these anchors of similarity in both
files and link them together.
(6) Link the neighbors of already linked units.
(7) The unlinked hashes represent differences between the two files.
Note that this algorithm finds units that have been moved.  I had to do
something intelligent with this information to allow for diff-like output.
To handle binary files you may need to change the definition of "unit".
We used a simple barber poll hash.  We went for a number of years before we
had a hash failure.  (I know, there was a bug in the code that handled hash
failures.)  A hash based on a CRC calculation would probably be better.

@_date: 1996-07-02 17:55:46
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: SAFE Forum 
Rather than a complete report (which will cover a lot of material people
here already know), I will just give you my highlights from the forum.
None of the people on the first panel have been asked to testify before
either intelligence committee.  (Panel was: Lori Fena, EFF; Craig Mundie,
Microsoft; Eric Schmidt, Sun; and a substitute for Marc Andreessen from
Current government "Key Escrow" systems cost $200/key/year. [Craig Mundie] These systems can best be described as key-rental systems.
"Crime prevention ought to be part of the FBI's mission. [Herbert Lin,
National Research Council]
Jim Omura [Cylink] spoke of specific business his company has lost to
foreign competitors due to export licensing problems.  He spoke of
protecting US corporate links between China and the US.
CompuServe losses are mostly overseas (in e.g. the former USSR) due to
insecure communications and Telephone companies.  [Tom Oren, CompuServe]
PGP Inc bought ViaCrypt on Friday. [Phil Zimmermann, PGP Inc.]  (Scooped by
Ian Goldberg)
Congresswoman Eshoo appeared not to have heard about PGP being used by
human rights groups in e.g. Bosnia to protect their files.
National Research Council report available from: www2.nas.edu/cstbweb
A compromise on key length won't satisfy either side because those using
encryption to protect their data want every single message to be secure
(implying long keys and brute force times), while those monitoring
communications need to quickly decide whether a message is interesting
(implying short decrypt times).  [Whit Diffie, Sun]
We sell RC4, 40 bit decryption hardware (based on AMD29000) for $16K.  FPGA
devices for breaking DES in 7 days for $1M.  [Eric Thompson, Access Data]
NSA's problem is not crypto, but the explosive growth in the number of
protocols.  NSA needs to get out of the business of being a reputation
agent for crypto (thru ITAR approval) and allow weak crypto to naturally
appear in the market.  [Ken Bass, Venabel, Baetjer, Howard and Civiletti]
In the 1970s 50% of the wiretaps were of value, now only 17% are.  [Barry
Steinhardt, ACLU]
The introduction of "Dorothy" as the canonical Key Escrow (GAK) holder. (To great hoots of laughter.)  [I think this was Tom Parenty, Sybase, but I
could be wrong.]
When analyzing the crypto requirements of bad guys (e.g. terrorists) and
good guys (e.g. digital commerce users), the bad guys are small, tight knit
communities where the current, widely available, crypto systems work well. The good guys are not tight knit and need infrastructure we don't have,
such as widely available software and certification.  [Very broadly taken
from Whit Diffie]

@_date: 1996-07-03 07:33:11
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: But what about the poor? 
"Gee Orificer, I'd love to let you read my files, but I just couldn't
afford any key escrow, so I went naked and didn't use it."  :-)

@_date: 1996-07-03 09:06:46
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: SAFE Forum--some comments 
Someone pointed out that Phil and Ollie have something in common.  They
have both been accused of illegally exporting crypto.

@_date: 1996-07-03 13:55:01
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: SAFE Forum--some comments 
Absolutely!  The image of postcards vs. letters may be the most effective
Check it out.  Well worth the visit.  (And if, like me, you are limited to
28.8, well, you can practice your Zen.)

@_date: 1996-07-03 14:27:49
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Lack of PGP signatures 
I want implausible deniability for the mistakes I make.

@_date: 1996-07-04 05:32:30
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: SAFE Forum--some comments 
We shouldn't.  In fact, they will have a much higher economic value.  I
would expect them to be more vulnerable to insiders.

@_date: 1996-07-04 07:14:08
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Lack of PGP signatures 
On my Mac I just entered this answer, cut it to the clipboard, launched
PGP, clearsigned it, and pasted the result back into the Eudora window for
the new mail.

@_date: 1996-07-04 07:14:50
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: SAFE Forum--some comments 
I hear this as the server sends out a key which the client uses to encrypt
the username/password.  This algorithm makes less sense than the one I
thought I heard at the SAFE forum on Monday which was:
(1) The server sends out a challenge/salt (different each time)
(2) The client uses a secure hash to compute hash(salt||password) and
returns the username and the hash.
(3) The server computes hash(salt||password) and compares the hashes.
Given that there is still some interest in algorithms and protocols on this
list, can you describe what is really happening?
Thanks - Bill

@_date: 1996-07-04 08:49:27
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Lack of PGP signatures 
But of course the signature doesn't check.  (I suspect Eudora line wrapping.)

@_date: 1996-07-09 10:34:06
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: NYT/CyberTimes on CWD article 
As Norm knows, we used this algorithm to provide a label search function
(What Unix people use grep for) for an IBM OS back in the 1970s.  SHA is
probably overkill for the hash function, but you need something better than
a barber poll hash.

@_date: 1996-07-10 12:07:06
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Contracts, Responsibilities, and Drug-Dispensing 
I think the really interesting question underlying this whole discussion is
how a minor child makes the legal transition to a competent adult.  This
issue comes up again and again.  We see it in "parental consent" laws
requiring parental consent for a minor girl to get an abortion.  We also
see it in issues like when a minor child may throw off the "protection" of
products like SurfWatch.
ObCrypto: When may a minor child say no to PAK (Parental Access to Keys)?

@_date: 1996-07-11 07:57:45
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Contracts, Responsibilities, and Drug-Dispensing 
Steganography still seems to be useful.  However, I don't think total
absence of physical security will last for long.  Soon school children will
be carrying their own portables, the way they now carry calculators.  They
will have private time alone with the hardware the same way their parents
will.  Parents and children divided into "armed camps" has always been a
lousy way to run a family.  Computers are just a new battle ground for
families that chose to run that way.

@_date: 1996-07-13 18:58:21
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Can the inevitability of Software privacy be used to   defeat the ITAR? 
I'm not sure the exact legalities apply here.  I think it is more like the
mob pressuring business men for protection and punishing those who do not

@_date: 1996-07-15 18:15:25
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Reasonable validation of a software package 
I expect this problem can usually be handled without formal CAs.  If you
publish your PGP key fingerprint in your advertising and make the key
available on your web page, then your users have a way of independently
verifying your key.  As the finger print appears in more and more places
(letterhead, product packaging, etc.), it is less and less likely that your
attacker can reach them all to modify them.
The important thing is diverse paths.  If you include your key in the
package with the product and print the fingerprint on the outside, it
becomes relatively easier for your attacker to replace the whole thing as
part of an attack.

@_date: 1996-07-15 18:18:49
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: CDT Policy Post 2.27 - No New News on Crypto: Gore Restates 
Deranged Mutant is absolutely right.  There are about 150 (or so)
governments in the world.  When people talk about making keys available to
government (or law enforcement), always ask, "Which governments can access
these keys?"  If I were a non-French corporation, I would feel distinctly
nervous if the answer included France.  (There are a number of other
countries where the security services have also been suspected of engaging
in industrial espionage.)

@_date: 1996-07-16 12:23:52
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: How I Would Ban Strong Crypto in the U.S. 
The obvious counter is to use the key management infrastructure for
authentication, but use a technique like Diffie-Hellman to decide on a
session key.  I see two problems with this approach:
(1) It still allows traffic analysis.
(2) It will be difficult to implement for one-way transmissions (e.g. email).
A more complex structure would overcome (2) above.  Use you GAK key to sign
your PGP key.  Post your PGP key on the MIT server (or successors), and
people who want non-GAKed communication with you would use your PGP key,
with the benefit of government approved authentication.
I still think this whole GAK thing is going to fail on the, "Which
government?" question.  I don't see either multi-nationals or their
governments wanting to share their secrets with each other, and I don't see
how to set up universal GAK to prevent that form of industrial espionage. Also, the key which decodes the GAKed data is just too valuable and too
easy to steal.

@_date: 1996-07-18 17:56:19
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Opiated file systems 
Perhaps a user settable number of duress keys with different behavior for
each of them?

@_date: 1996-07-19 18:08:08
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: "address verification databases"? (was: Netscape download...) 
Personally, I don't mind being in a data base of people interested in
products with strong crypto.  (For another one, ask majordomo at toad.com.) BTW, I must be lucky, I down loaded it on the first try.

@_date: 1996-07-20 18:33:34
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Netscape download requirements 
I echo Peter's thanks.  Netscape is helping us demonstrate a market for
strong, non-GAKed crypto.  This market exists in spite of what the GAK fans
If the American people carefully considered the issues of GAK, I strongly
believe they would come down on the side of privacy, and not on the side of
total government access to communication.  That is why our government is
trying so hard to institute GAK thru international treaty, the path with
the least public input and scrutiny.

@_date: 1996-07-20 19:28:08
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Giving 6 year old kids Uzi's 
When I was in high school (age 14-18), I was on the high school rifle team.
 That means I carried a rifle into school at the beginning of the season
and back home at the end of the season.  I should not be necessary to
mention it, but I never shot anyone then, before, or since.
I have two children, ages 20 and 24.  We never gave them toy guns.  (Guns
are serious things.  If you want toys, spend your own money.)  However, we
did give them the opportunity to learn about and shoot real guns when they
were quiet young.  I first shot a rifle at age 8 at summer camp.  I
recommend teaching children about proper use of guns at a similar age, with
tight supervision.

@_date: 1996-07-22 08:39:11
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Opiated file systems 
Just some random advice: My high-speed networking expert friend says that
plastic fiber is good to about 4-5 miles, and is a lot easier to work with
than glass fiber.

@_date: 1996-07-22 18:21:53
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: A Snake-Oil FAQ 
"Random session keys" and "initialization vectors" probably need
definition.  Perhaps a very high level description of an existing "good"
encryption system would do.  Certainly a pointer to such a description
would be valuable.  Here is a start at some definitions:
Random session keys - The practice of generating a new, random key for each
message/communication session etc.  This key needs to be communicated to
the receivers of the message.  This communication can be performed using
public key cryptography or protocols such as Diffie Hellman.
Initialization Vectors - The practice of including some random data at the
start of an encrypted message to make it more secure against certain forms
of cryptanalysis.
A good idea and a good first pass - Bill

@_date: 1996-07-22 19:36:04
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Info War 
I think a more accurate assessment of what the Princeton people think is
that the state of Java security is much like the state of Unix (pick your
flavor) security when people first started attacking Unix.  Since then it
has been fix the holes as they are found.  Neither has a coherent security
Now the Princeton people can tell us all how I miss-interpreted their position.

@_date: 1996-07-23 16:20:06
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: the VTW---FBI Connection 
"Perry E. Metzger"  responded to a nut case:
What is more, in my case, it doesn't matter.  My feelings on the subject of
strong crypto are well known and almost always expressed over my .sig file
(which gives my address and telephone number).  In fact, I just asked to
have my name added to a letter addressed to FBI Director Louis Freeh on the
subject*.  If they don't know where I stand, then they don't care (as seems
The United States of America has a very strong statement in the first
amendment allowing people freedom of speech and "to petition the Government
for a redress of grievances."  While exercise of these rights has sometimes
resulted in certain sanctions (the Hollywood witch hunts and loss of
security clearances come to mind), if people don't stand up for what they
believe, then they diminish the very foundations of the country.  Sometimes
freedom is only available to the brave.  (But I don't really think this is
one of those times.)
* See safe at cdt.org or  for information on this letter.

@_date: 1996-07-23 20:22:34
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Filtering out Queers is OK 
Ern - This is a serious question.  When does your child have the right to
say that what you think is good for her/him is crap and then proceed to
ignore you?  IMHO, this question is the major question for the parental
rights at all costs people.
It is best if your children and you can reach broad enough mutual respect
so you can work this issue out informally.  However, I personally know a
lot of cases where the best didn't happen.  The teen-parent wars were quite

@_date: 1996-07-24 08:00:05
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Brute Force DES 
If you are running a 600 megabit/sec ATM/SONET link and want to encrypt it,
you are in the market for a 75 megabyte/sec encryptor.
As for dedicated crackers, according to my notes from the SAFE forum at
Stanford, Eric Thompson said his company made FPGAs for cracking DES.  A
seven day crack for $1 million.

@_date: 1996-07-24 10:29:14
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
I don't understand this conclusion.  One book people aside, it is generally
believed that humans evolved in an evolutionary context and they certainly
frequently use cooperative strategies.  Cooperation usually also involves
the ability to sanction misbehavior.  Unilateral disarmament is throwing
away your sanction.

@_date: 1996-07-24 11:28:34
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Bare fibers 
You could break the fiber and add a repeater (if you know enough about the
light protocol).  Plastic fiber can be cut with a pocket knife, glass
requires a machine which will make a square cut and polish the end.  Those
machines are not yet cheap.

@_date: 1996-07-24 21:41:46
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
No argument.  I said disarmament.
But still, the UK has available other sanctions.  That's why they are still
called the Falklands.
Burglars are among the most rational of thieves.  They try to maximize gain
and minimize risk by acting when no one can oppose them.  Even muggers, a
much less rational activity, try to pick on people smaller than them.
Christmas trees make your house far more likely to catch fire.  However
many people have them because they provide other, hard to quantify, values.
 (BTW, my mother's retirement home does not allow them in individual
units.)  Guns have value besides home defense.  Just one off-the-wall
example: I learned to hold a camera steady by competitive target shooting.
Home defense is not the only reason to have a gun.  (Besides, I would
rather have a shotgun with a short barrel for close-up defense than a
handgun.  As the California police forces discovered when they (briefly)
changed from pump shotguns to "automatics", the sound of chambering a round
with a pump shotgun makes people focus very clearly on their situation. Frequently it avoids violence.)
IMHO handguns are much more useful when you need a portable defense.  Examples: 1. The USGS will allow field geologists to carry handguns in bear country
after a rigorous training program.  2. I have a friend who defended himself from a pack of feral dogs after
they attacked him and forced him to retreat to the roof of his car.  (He
killed three of the four.  The local rancher treated him to dinner for
ridding the neighborhood of a dangerous nuisance.)

@_date: 1996-07-27 07:41:09
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Schelling Points, Rights, and Game Theory--Part II 
I must disagree with Tim on this issue.  Back in the dark ages, before the
revolution, the Yankee was an insult used by British sympathisers to
describe the hick American revolutionaries.  The Americans adopted it as a
matter of pride and threw it back in their detractors face.  Homosexuals are doing the same thing with the them "queer".  When I went to
Dan Farmer and Wietse Venema's class in Internet Security, Dan taught the
class wearing a tank-top which said "QUEER" across the front.
People with pride in themselves and what they do can make their detractors
eat their insults.  We should make it clear that "nerd," "dweeb," "geek,"
"jerk," etc. are where the money is.  We should turn them into terms of
pride in what we are and what we do.

@_date: 1996-07-27 07:47:10
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: AP on Crypto Hearing 
True, crypto won't be widely used until it is marketed and sold.  Only the
4 horsemen will have it.
Terrorists with their government supporters will have the support and
training.  So will high level drug dealers and money launderers (mostly the
same people).  Child pornographers will learn quickly.  Militias already
have the infrastructure to teach military techniques and some of them know
about comsec.  Soon all of them will.  Face it, the 5 horsemen won't have a
The 4 horsemen are a red herring.  The issue is domestic surveillance.
The bottom line of the issue is: Do we get end-to-end secure telephones
before or after the telecom industry/taxpayers have to make the investment
to provide law enforcement with access to 1% of all the calls in the

@_date: 1996-07-27 09:23:47
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Usenet Conference on Security 
Just a few of the highlights:
(1) Ron Rivest speaking on SDSI
(2) Ian Goldberg et.al's secure environment for running untrusted programs
in Solaris.  Since it runs Netscape, it may let Perry provide a second
layer of containment for Java.
(3) Carl Ellison's "Establishing Identity Without Certification Authorities
(4) Peter Gutmann's "Secure Deletion of Data from Magnetic and Solid-State
Memory".  (Bottom line, use thermite for magnetic media.)
(5) Don Davis's "Compliance Defects in Public Key Cryptography"
(6) Sameer Parekh's description (advertisement for) Community Connexion
(7) Derek Atkins' description of the PGP Library API.
Other amusements:
While the Department of Justice guy (whose name slips my mind) was saying 4
horsemen over and over (really an oversimplification of his position), Data
Fellows Ltd., Paivantaite 8, FIN-02210 ESPOO, Finland
( was in the vendor area offering strong crypto
products with the line in one of their handouts, "This is orders of
magnitude more security than DES-based or US products that are under the US
ITAR export restrictions."  In talking with them I didn't smell any snake
A BOF on PKI with Ron Rivest (who had already described SDSI) where Matt
Blase describing PoliceMaker, and Carl Ellison described SPKI.  All three
approaches get away from the central certificate hierarchy God.  Each one
has something to offer that the other do not.  (In a spirit of
advertising/disclosure, I have been working with Carl on SPKI.)

@_date: 1996-07-30 06:00:57
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Usenet Conference on Security 
In addition to SSH, I also picked up a flyer for "F-Secure Desktop", a disk
encryption package for Windows.
Sorry I didn't pick up their "what we sell" flyer.  You should be able to
get that information from  or
f-Secure-sales at datafellows.com

@_date: 1996-07-30 09:53:54
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: DES-Busting Screen Savers? 
I think you chose your starting place in the key space and then proceed
sequentially from there.  However, if it turns our that gray code
increments of the key can reduce the key setup time, then you would want to
use that ordering of the key space for the "next" key to try.
Another possibility is to work in randomly chosen blocks of 1000 to
1,000,000 or so keys.  This approach would reduce the cost of getting good
random numbers to manageable levels.

@_date: 1996-07-30 13:25:32
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: A Libertine Question 
Just as the ultimate net sanction is excommunication (usually via the ISP,
killfiles etc.), the ultimate communitarian sanction is shunning.  Anything
more takes force, and government reserves the use of force to itself.

@_date: 1996-07-31 06:54:48
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Paranoid Musings 
Sometimes paranoia strikes.  Since these musings are crypto related, I
thought I would share them.
(1) Now everyone knows that 40 bit RC4 is weak, but just how weak is it? We know that a university CS student can break one message in a week using
the universities farm of workstations.  But, our foremost reputation agency
for crypto strength, the ITAR, allows systems with RC4-40 to be exported. What does this mean?
I combine the above with Whit Diffie's observation that, while crypto users
are interested in the security of *each* message, organizations which
monitor communications want to read *every* message.  A TLA interested in
monitoring communications would need to crack RC4-40 much faster than
Now expensive specialized cracking equipment can certainly speed up the
process, but there may be a better way.  If cryptanalysis of RC4 yields
techniques which make the process much easier, then it is the ideal cypher
to certify for export.
The paranoid conclusion is that there is a significant weakness in RC4.
(2) What did Microsoft give up to export its crypto API?
Well, if you were a TLA, what would you want.  I think I would want an
agreement to be able to insert my own code in that vendor's products.  Then
I would be able to have widely distributed Trojan horses signed by the
vendor.  I would have the opportunity to significantly weaken standardized
crypto systems installed world wide.
Conspiracy theorists, start your mailers.

@_date: 1996-07-31 08:34:39
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Let's Say "No!" to Single, World Versions of Software 
Someone asked a few days ago what US companies are doing to oppose ITAR. many of them are taking public positions on the ProCODE bill. Another of
the things they are doing is deploying strong crypto domestically.  (Arun
Mehta and Tim May have detailed the mechanisms why this domestic deployment
will have world-wide impact.)
Here is a start at a list of such companies:
Community ConneXion - Too much to mention, Thanks Sameer
IBM - The Anarchistic Key Authorization system (from U of Texas),    see 6th Usenix Security Symposium proceedings
Netscape - SSL
PGP Inc - 'nuff said
Sun Microsystems - SKIP implementation, PGP v3 implementation
Please add to the list.  We should recognize and remember our friends.

@_date: 1996-07-31 15:16:34
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Paranoid Musings 
I'm really feeling much better now :-).
IMHO, NSA's cryptanalysis is second to none.  I have been assuming a
weakness based on a classified cryptanalysis technique.  They have
certainly been thinking about "S-Box" cyphers since at least Lucifer and
DES.  But let's approach the question from a different angle.  Consider the
number of messages that need to be broken and the costs of machines to do
How many encrypted messages do you think NSA wants to read?  I have no idea
either, but in the spirit of never depend on expert opinion when simple
arithmetic will do, let's assume a world where major email packages use
encryption as a matter of course.  If we assume that the 30 million net
users send one email/day, then that results in about 350/second.  If I
assume your "several thousand" is 2000, then we need a machine with 700,000
FPGA's.  Given Matt Blaze et. al.'s estimate of $10/chip complete, that is
$7 million.  However if you take the NSA's estimate (in their response to
Blaze et al) of $1000/chip, then you get $700 million.
If we assume a machine designed to break *every* message, NSA's response
makes more sense.  From their response (reordered):
It needs to store all the messages it is attacking.
It needs to get all those messages into the machine, the plaintext out, and
distribute the data to the FPGAs.
Fast machines produce a lot of heat.
R&D costs for high-speed I/O, large memories, and efficient heat removal
might be significant.
This is one of Blase et. al.'s simplifying assumptions.  RC4 has a simple
key setup and runs faster than DES.  Brute forcing 40 bit Blowfish would be
considerably harder.  Probably about equal to 9 additional key bits harder.
Now I have no problem with believing NSA would invest $7 million.  However,
$700 million makes me wonder.  With FPGAs, there is a significant risk that
people will change the crypto system and make the investment worthless. (Which, I guess, is why they prefer general purpose computers.)  However,
if they can get the equivalent of a few bits of key back by cryptanalysis,
then they knock the costs down to entirely reasonable (for them) levels.

@_date: 1996-08-01 09:07:13
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: FPGAs and Heat (Re: Paranoid Musings) 
I have really scrambled up the quotes from verious people.  My appologies
if you think I have misrepresented your viewpoints.
One of NSA's traditional roles is to automatically scan communications and
pull out the "interesting" stuff.  To continue this role, they have to be
able to decrypt the messages.  I wouldn't, particularly when thinking in
paranoid mode, assume they have given up on that role.
I was assuming program only once chips, like the old burn-the-fuse PROMs. If you are ordering in quantity 700,000, for the RC4-40 engine, then you
have no need to worry about the cost of small runs of Mask programmed
If they are using Programmable-only-once Gate Arrays or Mask programmed
ones, $700 million for a machine which will cost $7 million for a simple
reprogramming might give them pause.  Or at least make them consider if
there is an alternative.  If they are using easily reprogrammable arrays,
then they have a general purpose computer specialized for certain types of
parallel processing.  If this machine cost $100 million, I agree they would
probably build it.
I feel like I'm leaning over backwards to defend NSA's response, an
extremely uncomfortable position (and I could crack my skull when I fall)
:-).  The most important issue is, what is NSA's state of the art.  If we
accept their $1000/FPGA chip, then they are indeed at the bleeding edge,
and suffering from the associated low chip yields.  If they are at the best
cost-performance point for 2-3 years ago or whenever they started approving
the export of RC4-40, then they are certainly subject to David Wagner's
performance limits.
A number of people have mentioned the heat problems.  I, and I think also
NSA, never said they couldn't be solved, but solving them involves
engineering costs, whether it is to design cooling or distribution
techniques.  I think the bullets in their response were primarily to
justify that $10 million NRE cost.  (Getting to $10 million isn't hard on a
government project.)
Given this kind of hardware, the only reasonable assumption is that if NSA
hasn't built a general purpose cracking engine, they will.
The idea of a genetic system to "learn" an unknown cypher system and then
brute force crack it is indeed worth a paper, perhaps several.

@_date: 1996-06-04 08:40:31
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Fate of Ecash if RSA is cracked? 
Banks running Digicash might be able to credit you account for cash on your
disk using the same mechanisms they use to recover your ecash after a hard
disk crash.  You shouldn't need too much electronic identification since
the only result is to move money to yourself.

@_date: 1996-06-04 11:09:37
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Saw this on CNN: Anonymous Stock tips over IRC as bad??? 
I hope insider trading never applies to the Company Stock Purchase plan or
Stock Options.  Otherwise they will kill the goose that lays Silicon
Valley's golden egg.  (I am always paranoid when the rules are vague and
the penalties draconian.)

@_date: 1996-06-04 17:47:31
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Java 
I'll say.  You have also ignored some of Java's other features.  Machine
independence is probably the most important.  A nice, small, easy to learn
language is another.
[As an aside, when I attempted to compile Wai Dei's crypto lib 2.0 with the
Symantec Project Manager C++ compilers, none of the 3 would compile it. The one which generated the fewest errors had "internal error" on two
modules.  This problem occurs because C++ is such a large language, with a
number of obscure features which compiler writers don't always handle.  In
addition, C++ is in no way machine independent.  The simplest example is
that sizeof(int) is machine dependent.]
If you want defense in depth, run your Java interpreter in an OS
environment which limits the interpreter's access to only those resources
you wish it to access.
I get the impression that the environment you are concerned with is a bunch
of PCs running W95 or NT.  These OSs are fragile enough, particularly to
the denial of service attacks your users can not tolerate, that the only
way to approach safety is to only run software which has been approved by
an in-house testing authority.  Even with the in-house testing authority,
you really need a better OS to protect against testing failures.
There have been discussions of crypto applications in Java.  Doing the
crypto on the user's system before sending data thru the net is a useful
application.  While, as a number of us have pointed out, there are problems
doing crypto with Java, it may be the easiest way to deliver strong crypto
quickly to Joe Websurfer.
In the long run, I hope to use Java to sell cycles.  Java has the advantage
in a cycle market that it is machine independent, and the Just In Time
compilers should make the performance reasonable.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-06-05 11:37:43
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: cycle market 
Sinclair mentions some of my favorites.  Others are:
(1) Attacking RSA-nnn challanges.
(2) Brute forcing 56 bit keys to demonstrate that 1DES is obsolete.

@_date: 1996-06-05 13:19:55
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Markoff in NYT on NTT/RSA chip 
They could use RSA for key exchange outside the USA because RSA is only
patented in the USA.  With a license for RSA they could also sell them in
the USA.  My reading of the New York Times article is compatible with the
view that Jim Bidzos is driving a hard bargin for such a license. (However, the article does say that NTT has already sold chips to IBM in
the US.  I guess you can sell, but not deliver, until you get the license.)
Obviously if you are outside the USA, you will buy your equipment from
Japan Inc.  US manfactures will be frozen out.  (However the US can still
compete for the Chinese market since such privacy will be illegal there
:-). )

@_date: 1996-06-05 13:56:25
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Java 
I guess I tend to react to the Java hype with bemusement rather than
horror.  I enjoy joking with the clerks at Computer Literacy Bookstore
about the "Java book of the day".  However, unlike so much of the
industry's over hyped marketing, with Java there is actually something
worth while hidden under the massive hype.
Java appears to have a chance of being adopted widely in the industry.  We
can discuss until the cows come home why Smalltalk, Scheme etc. have not
achieved wide usage.  I suspect it may be a combination of unfamiliar
syntax, licensing issues, version compatibility issues, and the inability
to do low level programming.  These issues may also hit Java, but for now
it is the nicest language around with a bandwagon behind it.  If it
replaces Basic, that will be a significant step forward.
I agree that all the hype has been about applets.  However there is one
common non-applet Java application that shows that significant applications
can be written in Java.  That application is the Java compiler itself.  If
you are running on a Sun system, you can do real applications today.  (On
the Mac you are still in the "applet jail", but I haven't opened the latest
Java environment that arrived on my desk last month, so I may be obsolete.)
I thought this was the effect the Unix people get when they run
applications such as firewall code in a "chroot jail".  Perhaps Netscape
could make you happy by having its Unix based browsers run Java applet
interpreters in such a jail.  (I don't know, Unix is an imperfectly spoken
foreign language to me.)
Why don't we have one of these now?  (N.B. not a rhetorical question)

@_date: 1996-06-05 19:12:34
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: On the Hill: Child Porn "Morphing" 
The ability to use the faces of famous political people (e.g. Bill&Hillery
or Bob&Libby) in XXXX rated political satire probably has a wider market.

@_date: 1996-06-06 21:49:59
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Micropayments: myth? 
This is, of course, an opportunity for agents (programmed, or two legged)
to use their superior knowledge of the service/technology/business to
optimize service for ordinary people.
I think that agent providers would gain reputations.  Many consumers might
trust an agent from Consumer's Union for example.  If there end up being
only a few types of agent, then I would expect to see an "arms race"
between charging systems and agents.  The providers would try to devise
charges which maximize their profit, while the agents would try to get the
best combination of service and cost for their users.  This race would be
similar to the situation we see in the telephone industry, with its
continuously changing "special long distance deals".
I assume any user interface will be in terms of the user's interests. Since these interests will change over time as the environment and user's
knowledge change, the UI will be a hard problem.  However, the UI will be
another factor in the user's agent selection process. With the current low speed dialup connections, the savings on billing costs
are probably greater than the costs of bandwidth "over use".
Even a cash based payment system will have costs.  The lowest cost IP
payment system I know of, Norm Hardy's Digital Silk Road, has the cost of
increasing the complexity of the IP routers.  There is no free lunch here. Whether you call it accounting, billing, or micropayment; it is an
additional function which must be performed by a piece of code with
stringent performance requirements.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-06-07 19:48:29
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Micropayments: myth? 
I think I'm starting to sound like a broken record, so I'll stop with this
post.  Some of the issues you are discussing are addressed by the Digital
Silk Road proposal from Norm Hardy and Dean Tribble.
See:

@_date: 1996-06-08 09:48:53
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: WWW servers. 
Black Unicorn:
Bill Stewart:
But of course, cleartext passwords have their own problems.  You really
need to make use of the fact that there is a computer at both ends so you
are protected from replay attacks.  With that caveat, passwords work fine
(except for the difficulty of remembering a bunch of them vs. the
insecurity of using the same one multiple places or writing them down).

@_date: 1996-06-08 13:51:31
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Anonymous stock trades. 
I find this analysis a bit superficial because it does not consider the
difference between short-term and long-term value.  To use Perry's example
of the timber industry.  Before the late 1980s, the lands owned by Pacific
Lumber were managed for long-term production.  When the company was taken
over as part of the "maximize present value" movement in the late 1980s,
the management goals changed to increase timber production without regard
to long-term production.  (I seem to remember that the takeover was one of
Michael Milken's deals.)
My conclusion from this example is that if your interest is in the
long-term preservation of ecosystems, you need institutions that are
structured so they take a long-term view, and can not be subverted by
short-term trends in markets.  As far as I can tell, the US National Park
Service, for all its faults, does as good a job of preserving ecosystems as
any other institution, and better than most.  (If you disagree, please
provide examples of institutions that do as well.)

@_date: 1996-06-11 12:35:02
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: InfoWar and a.r.s 
It seems to me we are seeing an example of Information Warfare in the
doings around alt.religion.scientology.  The board game "Go" models warfare
by having a goal of controlling territory.  In the a.r.s war, we see the
combatants trying to control the newsgroup.  We even see an arms race with
weapons such as cancelbots being developed and employed.
The major difference between newsgroup war and conventional war is that the
dimension a victor needs to control is time and not space.
One question to ponder is whether the a.r.s war will perform the same role
as the Spanish Civil War vs. WW2.  Will we see newsgroup war expand to
other news groups?  I would think a few of the .culture.* groups could be

@_date: 1996-06-11 14:17:30
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: whitehouse queries files on political enemies 
OBCrypto: William Safire, in his 6/10/96 column on this subject, says,
"Under Freeh, the anti-encryption zealot hand-picked by the man whose name
was used on the phony requisitions, the Justice Department's most
confidential file room has become a walk-in closet for White House pols."

@_date: 1996-06-13 19:51:43
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Insults (was: PBS show) 
IMHO the best way to deal with an insult is to make it a badge of pride. This is how my ancestors in revolutionary New England dealt with being
called Yankees.  It beats hell out of trying to force the rest of the world
to call your group something different every 10 years of so, like some
groups have been doing.

@_date: 1996-06-14 09:50:28
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Tripwire and SATAN for Linux 
Risk Analysis" class:
Archive locations for important auditing software:
COPS            Crack           ftp://ftp.win.tue.nl/pub/security/
ipsend (part of
        the IP
        Filter
        package) ftp://coombs.an.edu.au/pub/net/kernel/ip-fil3.0.4.tar.gz
lsof            ftp://coast.cs.perdue.edu/pub/tools/lsof
SATAN           ftp://ftp.win.tue.nl/pub/security/satan.tar.Z
Tiger           ftp://net.tamu.edu/pub/security/TAMU
Also try:
CERT            ftp://cert.org
Gene Spafford   http:/coast.cs.perdue.edu
Wietse Venma    ftp://ftp.win.tue.nl/pub/security

@_date: 1996-06-14 17:39:23
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Class III InfoWar: TST Article 
N.B. Joss at netcom.com was not acceptable to netcom
I vaguely remember hearing that a nuclear device exploded high over the
midwest would have significant EMP effects over half the continental USA.
When a USSR pilot flew a "state of the art" fighter out and US intelligence
got their hands on it we were surprised that all the electronics were
vacuum tubes.  However, vacuum tubes are highly resistant to EMP.  (They
arc between elements, rather than fry like ICs.)
Makes you want fiber optic comm cable.  Protection inside the cage probably
depends on how powerful the EMP is.  However, the need for some degree of
stealth in Class III InfoWar will limit the strength of the EMP.

@_date: 1996-06-18 10:27:56
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Remailer Operator Liability? 
Brendan P Kehoe's "Zen and the Art of the Internet" (1993) discussing
mailing lists says (p11), "Any mail sent to that address will "explode" out
to each person named in a file maintained on a computer at ..." I have seen it used elsewhere as well.

@_date: 1996-06-19 09:37:12
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: SafE Mail Corporation 
Don't even assume that hardware RNGs and OTPs by themselves make a system
unbreakable.  Go see NSA's web site on the Verona intercepts to see what
people who know what they are doing can do when users slip up using a OTP
system.  I'm with Lucky (and many others) 100% on this one.  Snake Oil.

@_date: 1996-06-28 08:38:46
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: CIA Fears UmpTeen InfoNukes 
Public key authentication could go a long way toward solving the military
and contractor's security problems.  However, they won't use public key
authentication for unclassified systems until it is available in "COTS"
(Commercial, Off The Shelf) software.  And it won't be available there
until it can be exported as well as sold domestically.  Catch-22

@_date: 1996-06-29 08:20:06
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: CIA Fears UmpTeen InfoNukes 
On thinking about your rant, I think you have a valid point.  What our
venture capitalists said to us was, "There is no market for security."  Now
perhaps the ITAR helps suppress that market on the basis of, "If I'm going
to have to wander the information superhighway naked, why should I shut the
blinds on my house."  Given no market, and the requirement to support
everything you ever supported, it is hard to justify building in security
I have a client who provides services to part of the DOD.  (My contract
prevents me from being more specific.)  Their only saving grace is they
don't use the Internet or Unix.  (Making them vulnerable to a much smaller
group of hackers.)
The ideal situation for them would be to use public key authentication
because it would be entirely user-transparent.  Doing OTP's the way Apple
does them (see below) would also work well.  However, to implement one of
these systems requires modifying a bunch of terminal emulator programs from
different vendors (some of whom are no longer in business).  Without widely
adopted standards for OTP logon, these modifications are not likely to
I think that backward compatibility requirements are a significant part of
the reason we see this problem.  The other part is, of course, that there
is no market for security.
Apple has a form of one time passwords in their file sharing system.  When
you enter your password, it is used as a key to encrypt a challenge sent by
the file server (Using a symmetric cypher).  The result is returned,
decrypted and compared with the original challenge.  But this system didn't
have to be compatible with a hardware VT100 or TTY-33.
The problem, in general, isn't the system administrators.  If management
gave the same priority to security that it does to joining new users or
installing new hardware, sysadmins would have the time to install the
patches.  Most sysadmins are up to their asses in alligators.  Security is
something to put off.  If the managers were judged on the security of their
systems (perhaps via independent audit), then they might give the problem
some priority.

@_date: 1996-06-29 10:06:05
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: CIA Fears UmpTeen InfoNukes 
Absolutely.  However, from a vendor's point of view, customers have a wide
range of security problems.  Some run in an open environment and have no
use for security.  They may still be using those VT100s.  These are the
customers the vendor considers when thinking of backwards compatibility.
There are several "users" at issue.  I fully agree that those
administrators responsible for upgrading the software and hardware for the
change will notice.  The people who have to pay for it all should also
notice.  But the actual end user may find the logon simplified.  If is
sufficent to mearly identify the machine and not the person, then the new
software can eliminate end user involvement in the logon.  The
administrator is responsible for installing the private key in the machine
and the end user never sees it.
On the other hand, if users still must be identified, it is possible to
give them a logon interface which is unchanged from the old,
non-one-time-password, interface, while still giving them the benefits.

@_date: 1996-06-30 14:56:26
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Crack for DOS 
This comment about "annoyingly slow" key setup made me think of pipeline
hardware to set up the keys.  Now with blowfish, key setup requires running
the Blowfish algorithm 521 times in setting up the key, so the pipeline
will require 521 stages if you want a new key for every "real" decryption. Ignoring chip size restrictions, this pipeline will increase the chip real
estate by 521 which will have approximately the same economic effect on the
cost of cracks as extending the key by 9 bits.
For CBC cypher systems, brute force attacks will require at least two
decryptions (one for the initialization vector, and one for the first block
of the message).  however, these decryptions can take place in parallel
(for the first block of the message) so they do not change the above
argument.  However if the design calls for more than the first block, then
the pipeline can run slower and becomes a smaller portion of the cost of
the system.
Of course if you are using Blowfish with anywhere near its full 448 bit
key, brute force attacks are simply not practical.

@_date: 1996-03-02 11:17:00
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Paint Your Own Scarlet Letter (Was: Edited Edupage, 29 Feb 1996) 
Remember, my goal is to convince the congress, president, courts, and
Americans in general that the government should not be in the censorship
business, not to have a system that actually works.  I really hope this
self rating system works in practice because (1) it is in line with current
Internet practice, and (2) having it work makes a one hell of a fine
For many years people on the Internet have been encouraged to provide
warnings on things they think others may find offensive.  The the use of
rot13 "encryption" is one example, another is the practice of putting
warning labels (advertisements?) on material.  Killfiles (in their most
general sense) are analogous to the censoring browsers in this system.
(I know it doesn't work for ftp/gopher/email/usenet newsgroups.  I hope
that the censors think that the web is the net.)
(I think I want to start a web search engine looking for pages rated
SS~~002 9, SS~~004 9, SS~~005 <5, and all the others don't care.)
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-03-04 07:56:53
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Duress 
The air-transport system has had a Hijack transponder code for years.  The
pilot dials it into the air traffic system radar transponder when the plane
is hijacked.  However there is a problem.
One of the private pilot magazines reported that a small plane operator
used the code (because his airplane was, in fact, being hijacked).  When he
landed the airplane, it was surrounded by LEA, and in the ensuing gun
battle, everyone on the airplane died.  The went on to say that the safety
of the passengers and airplane are the pilot's primary responsibility and
that pilots should consider this incident when deciding to use the code.
Duress codes need to be designed to minimized the chance of such responses
when they are used.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-03-05 07:17:25
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Duress 
At  2:14 PM 3/4/96 -0500, jf_avon at citenet.net (Jean-Francois Avon (JFA
The analogy may be reaching its elastic limit although you can use those
transponder codes when flying VFR, not in radio contact.  What I really
wanted to suggest is that we try to design (when we can) to minimize the
possibility of bad things happening to people who use duress codes.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-03-06 09:27:53
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: (Fwd) Gov't run anon servers 
It seems to me that one of the best ways to better protect the remailer
system would be to regulary change the remailer keys.  By destroying the
old secret keys, you protect the remailer and its operator against rubber
hose attacks aimed at decrypting recorded traffic.
As a suggestion: Assume you change the keys every week.  You post this
week's key to a public keyserver, replacing last week's key.  To allow
continuous operation you remember both this week's and last week's secret
keys and process messages encrypted under either.  To validate these keys,
you use a long-term key to sign them.  Note that for the really paranoid,
this long-term key can be kept at a separate site, and only used after e.g.
voice verification of the new key's fingerprint.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-03-06 13:11:29
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Duress 
My posting, not Dr. Dimitri Vulis'.  I certainly don't remember your
version as the one I personally read.  The magazine could have been wrong,
but I don't think my memory of the article is far enough off for them to be
the same incident  BTW - I think the magazine was "Flying".
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-03-06 19:52:37
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: NYT on Crypto Bills 
"The Codebreakers" describes (Footnote p516) that in 1939 the Allies
prohibited the use of any codes, but business pressure made them relent and
allow a fixed set of published commercial codes.  On page 842, "The code
compilers strove constantly to find new ways of reducing cable tolls for
users -- this was, after all, their raison d'etre. ..."  It also mentions
(p839) a class of commercial code, mostly numeric, which lent themselves
easily to superencipherment, which seemed to aim quite as much at secrecy
as at economy.  It also mentions that (p850) after WW2 the rising cost of
labor (compared with communication) delt codes a mortal blow.
It seems that both uses were important, with different emphasis for
different users.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-03-08 14:12:01
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: SurfWatch 
As long as a reviewer corrects errors, as SurfWatch seems to be willing to
do, I think they are relativly suit-proof.  If they don't, well - anyone
can be sued for anything.  I'll let the lawyers comment on the possibility
of success.
Does anyone know the protocol SurfWatch uses to communicate their ratings
to the software that runs in individual's PCs?  Does it allow monitoring
browsing patterns?
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-03-08 17:55:30
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Vexatious Litigants  (was: SurfWatch) 
I agree fully so far.  However, when your TimWatch software takes action
based on your opinions, you may have crossed the line between speech and
action.  Since you made the decision, rather than just provided an opinion,
you might, in our current legal climate, have caused a tort.
It would be interesting to see if a HIV positive teen could sue SurfWatch
because it blocked him from getting information on safe sex.
IMO our society has tilted too far away from caveat emptor toward "it's
someone else's fault".  People who let a machine censor their data deserve
what they get.  Parents who consistantly hide reality from their children,
instead of helping them learn how to deal with it, are crippling their

@_date: 1996-03-09 06:57:50
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: new netscape servers 
Are your concerns international, interstate, or (it seems unlikely) intrastate?
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-03-09 12:10:13
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: SurfWatch 
IMHO Adult magazines label themselves "adult" as a form of advertising.  In
the same way, a site with a sufficiently hard core self-rating may attract
customers specifically because of the rating.

@_date: 1996-03-09 16:57:36
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Another Motivation for the CDA (Federal Sentencing Guid 
I wonder how many of these drug dealers previous "real crimes" were related
to using violence to protect their drug business, defense which would have
used the courts and police had drug dealing been legal.

@_date: 1996-03-10 14:27:53
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: No Subject 
Errors-To: gklein at willamette.edu
Reply-To: cda96-l at willamette.edu
Originator: cda96-l at willamette.edu
Sender: cda96-l at willamette.edu
Precedence: bulk
This appeared on another list I'm on.  Besides giving you a view of a (bad)
future, it is an example of an HTTP proxy which could also be used for
anonymous browsing.  -  Bill

@_date: 1996-03-10 21:54:53
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Switchboard 
I checked them out and the couldn't find my record.  Since I have a listed
telephone number, I can only assume that their records do not include GTE
local service records or some other equally huge gap.

@_date: 1996-03-11 04:36:24
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Bell, Detweiler, Ravings, and Whatnot 
I appologize for being trolled into more Assassination Politics discussion.
 I'll try to sit down, and be quiet and good.

@_date: 1996-03-11 04:36:25
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Leahy's guillotine. 
As far as I can tell, whether a pol is Republican or Democrat tells us
nothing about how s/he stands on issues such as free speech and free
crypto.  I am feeling friendly toward Lehey and Weld these days and hostile
toward Feinstein and Buchannan.
We need to treat them as individuals.  We need to learn and publicize their
positions on the issues that interest us.

@_date: 1996-03-11 05:21:23
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Assassination Politics(tm) was V-chips, CC, and Motorcycle Helmets 
Since my name keeps getting dragged into this discussion, I will share with
youall the conclusions I reached after my last set of exchanges with Jim
(1) Assassination Politics (AP) will be most useful to a fired-up group of
people who want to silence a single person.  Madeline Murray O'Hare comes
to mind.  (She was a Texas atheist who challenged school prayer and won.)
(2) Jim Bell and I disagree strongly on the market price for assassinations.
(3) Jim Bell and I disagree on the number of deaths needed to deter someone
who believes in what they do.  In our discussion, this question comes down
to: are IRS employees more like corporate consultants or like soldiers.
(4) I think that if someone can be traced as profiting from a AP death,
e.g. through winning a gamble on the date/time of death, that person's
whereabouts at the time of death will be carefully investigated.
(5) While killing someone whose name and residence are known is easy, and
the killer is likely to get away with it, does that mean that killing
someone who has been marked as having a price on her head is as easy?  I
assume her friends and neighbors will protect her.  The TV cameras will be
running 24 hours a day.  This will, at a minimum raise the price of
Regards (that means you too, Jim Bell) - Bill

@_date: 1996-03-11 06:09:43
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: rhetorical trickery 
I'm sure that my friend who tried to argue about a speeding ticket in New
Jersey, had the bones around his eye socket broken and then was arrested
for "Resisting Arrest" will be comforted to hear this.  (BTW, a mutual
friend was a witness and confirmed the story.  I can't think of any reason
they would have to lie to me about the facts.)

@_date: 1996-03-11 06:09:46
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Another Motivation for the CDA (Federal Sentencing Guid 
Back over 20 years ago, some acquaintances at the time stopped working in
the drug trade because it became necessary to carry fire arms to protect
against having your drugs or money stolen.  Other people of course carried
the guns, and I assume used them at times.  This violence would not have
occurred had the drug trade been legal.
Remember that here in California, about 70% of the people think killing
someone is a suitable punishment for certain crimes.  Many people also
think that violence in defense of life or property is a reasonable act. Are all these people "deranged"?

@_date: 1996-03-11 10:23:20
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: TCP/IP Stego (was CU-SeeMe) 
If you can hack your TCP implementation, you should be able (with a high
probability) stego information in a few bits of the TCP checksum by
adjusting the packet boundries of the TCP stream.  An error correcting code
protocol would cover the cases where you couldn't get that *%$# bit set
correctly.  Please note that this technique would not result in TCP
checksum errors.

@_date: 1996-03-13 04:58:48
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Remailer passphrases 
The bottom line of all cryptography is that there is something that must be
kept secret.  Since it must be kept secret, there is always a significant
level of paranoia about the means to keep the secret.  For example, one
could imagine an attacker attaching a logic analyzer to the CPU chip,
unloading the on-chip caches and then rummaging thru the system memory for
the secret.
One of the reasons classical (government) crypto users change keys
frequently is to minimize the amount of data compromised by a broken key. We keep hearing about NSA decrypting 20 year old cyphertext and showing
more of the workings of the atomic spy rings operating in the 40s and 50s. If an opponent can rubber hose the key, her job is easy.  If she has to
perform cryptoanalysis, it is much harder.  Remailers should regularly
change their keys to avoid compromising previously recorded traffic.  (They
can have a long lived key for signing their traffic keys.)
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-03-13 09:56:42
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Remailer passphrases 
Unless I am badly mistaken, these exchanges need interaction, which makes
them unsuitable for simple remailers.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-03-14 17:25:16
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Leahy bill, legalize crypto 
I think Tim is absolutely right.  If you look at "The Code Breakers" that
kind of thinking was common in the WW1-WW2 era.  The age of the 30 minute
war somewhat diminished the strength of the argument.

@_date: 1996-03-14 22:54:02
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: FCC-type Regulation of Cyberspace 
Political speech, not commercial speech.  The act doesn't apply or is
Of course.  Why do you think I said (in the 4th paragraph which you didn't
quote) (ZING :-) ):
BTW - I consider non-free markets, produced primarily by oligarchic
combines of large organizations to be a major impediment to removing
government influence from the economic system.  Easing market entry is one
way to reduce the power of these oligarchic combines.  I don't want to just
trade elected government oppression for unelected corporate oppression.  To
put it bluntly, to suppress the 19th century coal mining strikes, the
companies hired the Pinkertons.  I don't see a whole lot of difference
between this kind of private enterprise transaction, and Ruby Ridge.

@_date: 1996-03-15 11:45:27
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Remailer passphrases 
It is probably possible.  Put a clip across the CPU chip, and take over
from it by raising it's chip disable will work with some microprocessors. However, the proper application of various kinds of rubber hose to the
operator should make that kind of attack unnecessary.
"Perfect" Forward Security or some approximation helps protect the operator
against such an attack by reducing the amount of compromised material, and
therefore the incentive.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-03-15 12:30:12
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: CONGRESS: Online Parental Control Act of 1996 
Precedence: bulk
Today in the House of Representatives, legislation was introduced to
encourage parental empowerment on the Internet and eliminate the vague and
overbroad "indecency" standard that became law under the Communications
Decency Act.
The new legislation, called the "Online Parental Control Act of 1996," was
introduced by Rep. Anna Eshoo (D-CA), whose district includes much of
California's Silicon Valley.  Representatives Pelosi (D-CA), Dellums
(D-CA), Farr (D-CA), Gejdenson (D-CT), and Woolsey (D-CA) are co-sponsors
of the bill.
(The full text of Rep. Eschoo's press release on the new legislation
follows below.)
The Online Parental Control Act of 1996 seeks to replace the "indecency"
standard (which is mainly used to regulate speech in BROADCAST media) with
the more narrowly-drawn "harmful to minors" standard which has already been
upheld as constitutional in 48 states.
My understanding is that "harmful to minors" is a PRINT-based standard, but
I'll research this and send out a more detailed evaluation as soon as
possible. In the meantime, I can say this: "harmful to minors" is viewed as
a middle-of-the-road standard, and as such, it remains *highly*
controversial. There are many who would argue that *any* attempt to
restrict access to content other than obscenity (which does not enjoy First
Amendment protection) is unwarranted.
Stay tuned.
All of this, by the way, comes on the heels of a bill (S 1567) Patrick
Leahy introduced in the United States Senate last month in an effort to
repeal the Communications Decency Act altogether.
Spread the word!
--Todd Lappin-->
Section Editor
WIRED Magazine
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Lewis Roth
CONTACT: (202) 225-8104
March 14, 1996
Eshoo Introduces Online Parental Control Act
Legislation Strengthens Parental Control Of Online Materials,
Eliminates "Indecency" Standard
Washington, D.C.--Rep. Anna Eshoo (D-CA) today introduced the Online
Parental Control Act of 1996 (OPCA) to strengthen the control parents
have over their children's access to online materials, eliminate the
"indecency" standard from the Communications Act of 1934, and provide
additional defenses against liability for publishing online materials.
Representatives Pelosi (D-CA), Dellums (D-CA), Farr (D-CA), Gejdenson
(D-CT), and Woolsey (D-CA) are original cosponsors of OPCA.
When the Telecommunications Reform Bill was signed into law earlier
this year, it made sweeping changes to America's telecommunications
policy.  Among those changes was the establishment of a ban on using
telecommunications devices to provide "indecent" materials to minors, as
well as defenses against being held liable for a violation of that ban.  For
example, people could avoid liability by using software that blocks the
access of minors to such materials or restricts access through the use
of credit card numbers or adult access codes.  Some U.S.
Representatives, including Rep. Eshoo, opposed the "indecency"
standard because the range of material it would ban was so broad that it
violates the right to freedom of speech.
The "indecency" standard is currently being challenged in court by a
large coalition of free speech advocacy groups and high technology
"The Online Parental Control Act will encourage an open dialogue in
Congress about the best way to both give parents control over what
their children see online and protect the First Amendment rights of
Internet users," said Rep. Eshoo.  "My proposal builds on last year's
efforts to reach a compromise on this issue by offering more incentives
for the online community to provide families with better parental control
"I'm supportive of efforts to address this issue in the courts, but I believe
Congress also needs to offer a legislative solution.  Given the political
realities of the current Congress, I think OPCA offers the most realistic
way to settle this dispute in a timely and effective manner."
The Online Parental Control Act of 1996:
        Replaces the "indecency" standard with a "harmful to minors"
        Establishes a definition for "harmful to minors;"
        Maintains the Communications Act of 1934's legal defenses
against liability for people who choose to give parents technology that: 1)
blocks or restricts access to online materials deemed obscene or harmful
to minors, and 2) restricts access to such materials through adult access
codes or credit card numbers;
        Adds two new defenses: 1) the use of labeling or segregating
systems to restrict access to online materials, such as systems
developed using the standards designed by the Platform for Internet
Content Selection project (PICS), and 2) the use of other systems that
serve the same function of the other defenses if they are as reasonable,
effective, and appropriate as blocking, adult access code, and labeling
technologies; and
        Protects providers or users of interactive computer services,
information content providers, and access software providers from civil
or criminal liability under state law for making available to minors materials
that are indecent or harmful to minors if they take actions to qualify for
the defenses mentioned above.
"I'd rather have Mom and Dad monitoring their children's online viewing
habits than the government," concluded Rep. Eshoo.  "Technology offers
the best opportunity for parents to manage what their kids have access
to, and the Online Parental Control Act encourages those technologies to
be developed more fully."
The "indecency" standard is a vague term that has been subject to legal
challenge by a wide range of free speech advocates and high
technology companies.  The broad nature of the "indecency" standard
means that it could lead to a prohibition on material such as classic art
like Michelangelo's David, classic literature like "Catcher In The Rye," and
frank discussions about birth control, sexuality, or disease transmission.
"Harmful to minors," on the other hand, already works successfully in 48
states, more directly addresses speech that actually harms children, and
passes constitutional muster.
PICS is a cross-industry working group assembled under the auspices of
MIT's World Wide Web Consortium to develop an easy-to-use content
labeling and selection platform that empowers people worldwide to
selectively control online content they receive through personal
computers.  The Recreational Software Advisory Council recently
announced that it will soon implement a detailed voluntary ratings system,
using PICS standards, that will let computer users filter out varying
degrees of sex, violence, nudity, and foul language.  Companies and
groups supporting PICS include Apple, America Online, AT&T, the Center
for Democracy and Technology, CompuServe, IBM, France Telecom,
Prodigy, Providence Systems/Parental Guidance, Surf Watch Software,
and Time Warner Pathfinder.
For more information about the Online Parental Control Act of 1996,
please contact Lewis Roth at (202) 225-8104 or look on the Internet at
This transmission was brought to you by....
        THE CDA INFORMATION NETWORK
The CDA Information Network is a moderated mailing list providing
up-to-the-minute bulletins and background on efforts to overturn the
Communications Decency Act.  To subscribe, send email to
 with "subscribe cda-bulletin" in the message body.
WARNING: This is not a test!            WARNING: This is not a drill!

@_date: 1996-03-15 12:37:08
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Remailer passphrases 
Provided you insist on UNIX.  I still think rubber hoses will be the
technique of choice.  That was what the Scientologists used on
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-03-15 14:58:14
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: FCC-type Regulation of Cyberspace 
Mark Miller and I had a discussion about the restrictions on commercial
speech a few months ago.  I contended that these restrictions (generally
that you can prove your claims) are good for markets because they provide
startup companies (and other newcomers to the market) with a small amount
of positive reputation capital that they would otherwise have to invest to
Mark pointed out the superiority of non-governmental reputation agencies.
I mentioned that one bad effect of "truth in commercial speech" was it
resulted in people having a greater tendency to believe politicians, and we
left the discussion there.
In thinking back over the discussion, I would like to eliminate the
restrictions without making markets less free by adding yet more barriers
to market entry.  We certainly need more robust reputation agencies than we
have now.  I just don't know how to encourage their formation.
Regards - Bill
BTW - I am sending a blind copy to Mark so he can maintain anonymity if he
wants to.

@_date: 1996-03-16 22:36:50
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Venona NSA web page 
How they did it (from A word about the VENONA cryptosystems---they should have been impossible to
read. They consisted of a code book in which letters, words, and phrases
were equated to numbers. So a code clerk would take a plain text message
and encode the message using numbers from the codebook. This would have
presented a significant challenge itself depending on how long the code
book was used. However, the messages were further modified, in other words
double-encrypted, by use of a one time pad. The use of a one time pad
effectively randomizes the code and renders it unreadable. The key to the
VENONA success was that mistakes were made in the construction and use of
the one time pads---a fact that was discovered only through brute force and
analysis of the message traffic. ... One-time pads used properly only once are unbreakable; however, the
KGB's cryptographic material manufacturing center in the Soviet Union
apparently reused some of the pages from one-time pads. This provided
Arlington Hall with an opening. Very few of the 1942 KGB messages were able
to be solved because there was very little duplication of one-time pad
pages in those messages. The situation was more favorable in 1943, even
more so in 1944, and the success rate improved accordingly.

@_date: 1996-03-22 18:18:35
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: A MODEST PROPOSAL 
Please add my name.  I don't abandon my friends when I disagree with them.

@_date: 1996-03-23 17:25:41
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: NT's C2 rating 
We walked KeyKOS a long way down the path to a B2 rating.  Our investors
refused to fund the estimated $1 million it would cost to do all the
paperwork.  They felt there was no market for NCSC secure systems.  Perhaps
others felt the same way.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-03-23 21:57:23
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Forward: Essay: Political-economy of the Internet 
Here are the first few paragraphs from an essay on the relationship
between of freedom of speech on the Net and the "statehood" of
cyberspace. I am trying to define the role of values (ethics) in the
new culture of online speech and am searching for sources/theories
that will help explain the new value system of the Net within the
larger context of global media culture. For the complete text of this essay, send the command GET POLITICS in
the SUBJECT line of an e-mail message to Michael at Strangelove.Com
Michael Strangelove
The Political Economy of the Internet
(Previously published in The Internet Business Journal,
 -- Revised -- March 12, 1996
Copyright (C) 1996, Michael Strangelove. All Rights Reserved.
Comments to the author at Michael at Strangelove.Com
This document may be forwarded and archived on the Internet, so long
as no changes are made to the text,
Publishers take note, this draft is part of a book on freedom and
speech and the Internet which I am working on -- contact
michael at strangelove.com for table of contents (for publishers only).
"There is a growing concern that the very existence of the Internet is
a threat to the nation-state" (Globe and Mail, Feb 3/96, p. A1).
Recently, the headline "Nations see Internet as threat to security"
appeared on the front page of Canada's national daily newspaper, The
Globe and Mail. Consider for a moment that more than two decades after
its "invention" and three years after its integration into popular
culture and the business process, the Internet has distinguished
itself on two fronts. It remains the only mass media system to escape
monopolistic ownership by media conglomerates (with no sign of this
changing) and it is increasingly seen, correctly, as a threat to
national security and sovereignty. Meanwhile, the business community
throughout the world is gradually integrating the Internet into the
core of its communication and marketing infrastructure. The inevitable
outcome of these trends is that the communication infrastructure
(including marketing, customer service, and financial transactions) of
the business community is destined to conflict with the information
policies of governments. One way of looking at the Internet is to
understand it as an emerging nation-state, a state that, with each
passing day, becomes more entwined with the fabric of the geo-
political balance of power. The corporate world, particularly
multinational corporations, and governments are soon going to have to
come to terms with the statehood of the Internet.
Political theorist Anthony Giddons writes that "significant power,
within any type of organization, consists in the capacity to determine
or shape policy." This understanding of power -- policy making -- is
one that any manager, executive, or bureaucrat can certainly
appreciate. Power-as-policy-making sheds light on the type of power
the Net, (and more comprehensively, cyberspace,) wields. More
precisely, the statehood of the Net is founded on its power to deny
existing nations any concrete method to exercise direct, unilateral
influence over the "policy" of the Internet. It is quite clear that, congressional saber-rattling aside, no nation
has successfully legislated the information policy of the Internet. As
a landless nation-state, the Net's constitution, or bill of rights, is
its internal information policy -- no one group, community, ideology
or nation is universally recognized to have the right to determine
what values, art forms, beliefs, or private thoughts can or cannot be
expressed on the Net. While this information policy is framed by pre-
existing international treaties concerning copyright, thus far this
unwritten but very real policy has not been further defined or amended
by any individual nation's internal moral standards or legislature.
Bear in mind that no significant content has ever been removed from
the Net as a result of any one nation's information-policy making
process. Indeed, just the opposite is the case -- every attempt at
censoring content on the Net has lead to increased exposure of the
censored or banned content and its further proliferation throughout
the Net. Admittedly, it is theoretically possible for a government to censor
material on Internet servers within its borders. Yet all previous
attempts at doing so have simply resulted in the censored material
migrating to the Net servers of other nations and remaining accessible
via the Net to all. The dynamic of regional censorship being
undermined by the international Net community is now almost a daily
occurrence. This "end of censorship" in the international information
sphere is not threatened by the possibility of a global information
policy trade agreement on censorship. Any attempt to impose the
freedom of speech standards of one nation on another will certainly be
interpreted as a violation of national sovereignty.
As a new form of borderless state, Cspace (Internet/cyberspace) has
demonstrated sovereign power over its internal information policy. The
front pages of newspapers around the world are demonstrating a growing
awareness of this new political animal. But neither the global body
politic nor the corporate realm have come to terms with the extent of
the Net's sovereignty and the future impact of this "new wired world
order". For the complete text of this essay, send the command GET POLITICS in
the SUBJECT line of an e-mail message to Michael at Strangelove.Com

@_date: 1996-03-23 21:57:58
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Dorothy Denning attacks Leahy's crypto bill 
Case in point.  I recently had a client ask me to locate a reference
implementation of SSL.  I fired up AltaVista and quickly found two of them.
 One was available thru Netscape, and the other was Eric Young's from
Now, in good conscience, do I give them Netscape's non-exportable version,
or Eric's already exported version.  Of course I gave them Eric's.  They
were delighted since they can just point their foreign customers to Eric's
site and avoid the whole export issue.
I would like to publicly thank Eric for making his code available to US
sites.  I hope that this description, in some small way, helps to overcome
the idiocy of not being able to export what is already freely available
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-03-24 18:18:48
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: (X:x)e$ 's other use 
My experience in China in 1993 was that US Federal Reserve Notes were easy
to use and American Express Traveler's checks were not.  After hearing that
the dollar isn't worth anything, it was refreshing to go to a country where
they are in high demand.  I recommend carrying good old fashioned USA
dollars when going to communist countries.

@_date: 1996-03-26 12:16:45
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
This is precisely the problem Certificate Revocation Lists and Certificate
Expiration Dates address.  There seems very little reason to subpoena a
persons signing key, only decryption keys.  If future software uses
separate keys for these two functions, then there may be minimal danger. (With PGP, it should be sufficient to provide the IDEA keys for the
messages in question, leaving the secret key still secret.)
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-03-27 13:29:46
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? (Was List O' , shame) 
With PGP at least, it should be possible to hand over the IDEA key required
to decrypt each message in question without having to hand over your
private key.  Since the court would have your public key, they could verify
that the IDEA key you gave them was indeed the correct key.
Of course if they are using the subpoena to intimidate you, then they will
insist on the private key.
N.B. The IBM voice system mentioned above (and the attribution should be to
me, and not Black Unicorn) did not use any crypto.

@_date: 1996-03-28 14:45:48
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: WSJ on Big Java Flaw 
Having worked on a secure OS, with a small security kernel etc. etc. etc. I
realize that even those systems have bugs.  The Java people will work out
their bugs.  Others will read their code and find more bugs.  (It is to
Sun's GREAT credit that they are releasing their source under a not very
restrictive license.)  Eventually, in several years, Java security will be
ready for prime time.
Of course, for really valuable things, or the really paranoid, you
shouldn't connect your computer to a network.  The top dog certificate key
in SET is handled this way.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-03-29 04:37:48
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Crypto CD UpDate 
As I said in private mail, I'd spend $US20 for the disk particulary if
included useful archives (like cypherpunks).  I like my own library.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-03-29 10:29:33
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? (Was List O' , shame) 
Back in the dark ages, IBM built an audio messaging system.  It was quite
popular in "cave of the winds" (IBM headquarters) because it allowed busy
executives to leave audio memos for each other without needing a secretary
to type them.  Since storage was limited, and old messages were purged from
the system it also had the effect that anti-trust discovery would have
nothing to discover.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-03-29 11:29:05
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: What backs up digital money? 
Sounds like the Mondex system, so I guess someone already has.  I think the
url is  but I could be wrong.

@_date: 1996-03-29 11:35:09
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Why Americans feel no compulsion to learn foreign languages 
I would agree with you, except I started International Caving.  When in
Hungery, I heard, "Peter will guide you thru the rest of the cave.  Don't
worry, he speaks good German."  Fortunatly, my German was good enough.
While in China as a normal tourist, a travel agency in Yichang tried to
extort $600 from our group.  My wife's (very poor) knowledge of Manderin
probably scared the preps enough to get them to lay off.
BTW - There are also French speakers on the US border.  They don't want to
speak english either.

@_date: 1996-03-29 14:29:55
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Why Americans feel no compulsion to learn foreign languages 
I, at least, want to know something of the language of the countries I
travel in.  Being able to get a meal or a room for the night is useful.  As
a rock bottom minimum, I want to know the phrases: Hello, Good by, Please,
Thank You, More beer please, and Where's the bathroom.
The look of pleased surprise on the face of the Budapest resident when I
said "Thank you" to in Hungarian as he gave up his seat to me because I was
loaded down with caving equipment is something I still treasure.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-03-29 17:11:24
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Traffic Jams on the Internet 
The phone companies have dealt with this kind of problem for years.  For
example, there are issues of phase jitter and bit error rate that they deal
with all the time.  If anything, they don't quite understand the email type
communication of, "Oh, anytime in the next 10 minutes, and tell me if it
doesn't get thru and I'll send it again."
In ATM, these characteristics are bundled into what is called Quality of
Service.  That, along with bandwidth, make a reasonable basis for charging.
 Email is a bit like flying standby, while video is more like the Concorde.
 IMHO, the only long-term solution to the problem of bandwidth allocation
involves markets.  Markets feed cost information back to the users and give
the providers incentive to improve service.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-03-31 04:07:36
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Crypto CD UpDate 
If pieces of the source/executable are digitally signed, you have a basis
for some degree of trust.  (My pgp came with a detached signature.  A bit
self-referental, but at least a start.)
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-03-31 20:02:46
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: What happened with Cypherpunks? 
When many of us at Netcom went a week without a feed, I tried to find out
what was going on.  The best explanation I could get was:\
The following comment also applies:
If your problem is behaves the same as the one we at Netcom experienced,
after about a week, it goes away and ALL the pending mail descends on your
mail box.  In my case it was over 1000 messages.
Good Luck - Bill

@_date: 1996-03-31 20:41:46
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: [NOISE] Cable-TV-Piracy-Punks 
This observation has direct application to the Mondex electronic cash system.

@_date: 1996-03-31 22:32:33
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: What happened with Cypherpunks? 
What I posted is what I received.  They were the ONLY explanation(s) I
received of a cause for the problem.  My understanding of RFC822 and
descendants is not good enough to offer a critique, but I do know that my,
and a number of my friends toad.com feed was constipated for a week until
the Exlax came thru.  If you have a better explanation of what happened, I
would be delighted to receive it.  (BTW - I have notes from a number of
non-Netcom subscribers who report no problems during the effected time.)
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-05-01 18:03:17
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: no-cost DH? 
I was just reporting (I hope correctly).  You will need to contact Cylink
directly.  The person speaking was David Morris, Vice President.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-05-01 18:05:37
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: once again 
If I were as worried about Java security as Perry is, I would still
consider running Java (or C or C++) programs as part of certain markets in
CPU cycles because I would trust their source.  (IMHO, much better than
trusting every web page I access.)
A single example.  I could see a network-wide factoring attack on the key
NSA uses to GAK the extra bits in Lotus Notes.  Such an effort would run a
single program, which would be available in source.  Depending on the
details, I could either compile the program locally, or down load a signed
copy of the object code/class file.  The same argument applies to rendering
e.g. Toy Story.
This restriction does not provide for CPU cycle markets in arbitrary
programs, but I think that a significant market could still develop under
this limit.

@_date: 1996-05-01 18:14:54
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: ITARs and the Export of Classes and Methods 
Certain languages, e.g. Smalltalk, and I believe lisp and scheme, have
bignums as a built-in type.  (Or more specifically, their integer types are
limited in size only by available memory.)  I believe these languages are
freely exportable.
Your problem stays here in the good ol' USA.  You can't implement RSA
directly in these languages (I assume RSA in perl has the same problem),
because of the patent restrictions.  Yet another reason to buy a T-shirt.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-05-01 18:20:08
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: [LONG] Churchill Club: 20th Anniversary PK Crypto 
I just report them like I hear them.  They are priced higher than Verisign too.

@_date: 1996-05-01 18:47:18
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Network Sex 
In her lecture for ee380 at Stanford, Lisa Palac was asked, Well, just how
do you have sex on the net?
Her answer indicated that essentially you talk dirty with your partner and
masturbate.  IMHO netsex eliminates the possibility of sexually transmitted
disease.  The abstract for her lecture (from
 is:
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-05-02 10:00:39
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: [LONG] Churchill Club: 20th Anniversary PK Crypto 
Nice web page.  I should have added to the post that people should feel
free to re-post within the bounds of good netiquette.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-05-02 12:22:11
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: [Fwd: Cylink can export 128-bit DH?] 
As far as I know, DES is DES, domestic or export.  If your DES
interoperates with domestic DES (or popular implementations available on
non-US servers), then you have DES.
It is THE standard.  The political reasons are complex, but the bottom line
is that large governments and other large organizations can brute force 56
bit keys.  As far as the US government and the US banking system are
concerned, this ability does not reduce bank transaction security since the
US government can get the details directly from the bank by legal process.
Most cryptographic experts recommend Triple DES, encrypting the data 3
times with 3 different keys.  If the middle encryption runs DES in decrypt
mode, the system can be made compatible with single DES by using the same
key 3 times.  The US government has never, to my knowledge, licensed the
export of a Triple DES system.

@_date: 1996-05-03 14:28:27
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: [Fwd: Cylink can export 128-bit DH?] 
I can find no evidence in Draft 2/23/96 of SET for 40bit DES keys.  (BTW, I
would not call CDMF DES, but this may be merely quibbling.)  On page 31, it
says, "The DES key format follows FIPS 46: it contains 56 bits of keying
material and eight optional check bits."
Since SET is very careful to not deal with anything but the financial
aspects of online commerce, they can probably get a license for export
under the current rules.  (SET only includes a SHA hash of the "contract",
calculated by both the cardholder and the merchant in its encrypted
content.  Both versions must match for the transaction to be authorized.)
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-05-03 15:14:43
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Burns Bill 
A quick read thru the text of the bill (via shows none of the principle objectionable features of the Lehey bill. (Standards for key escrow agents, and additional criminal penalties for
using encryption to hinder an investigation.)
This bill has some obscure, to me, exceptions.  The most troubling of which
I think means (IANAL) that export can be restricted if there is a
reasonable expectation that the hard/software will be reexported to one of
the countries on the extreme bad boys list.  This provision could possibly
be construed to affect FTP sites, but in any case, it is not clear how
passage of the bill could possibly make things worse.
Its provisions preventing the Secretary of Commerce from developing
standards for anyone except government agencies, and forbidding mandatory
GAK/key escrow are very welcome.

@_date: 1996-05-03 18:04:30
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Why I dislike Java. (was Re: "Scruffies" vs. "Neats") 
My clients have a similar testing setup for new communications software. It is one way they are able to offer a reliable service to their clients.
All secure systems require perfect implementation of the security kernel. Java has a very large security kernel, since it's kernel includes the
kernel in the underlying operating system.  As such, it is probably not
suited for high security environments.*  However, it may well be secure
enough for individuals to run on their private machines.
* If a Java equipped browser is run in a operating system provided secure
environment, this restriction may not apply.  Such an operating system
would have to provide Orange Book A or B level features (mandatory

@_date: 1996-05-03 18:17:00
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Sen. Patrick Leahy's PGP key now avail. 
I can think of two good reasons for Senator Leahy to publish his key:
(1) To show his support for the right to use encryption.
(2) To sign open letters to the Internet community.
I will be really impressed when he gets some big-name signatures on his
key.  e.g. Matt Blase, Ron Rivist, PRZ, Tim May.

@_date: 1996-05-04 13:49:58
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: [RANT]Re: CryptoAnarchy: What's wrong with this picture? 
My principle objection to the income tax is not the money, but the
bookkeeping.  When I am earning the money to pay my taxes, at least I am
working at jobs that maximize my enjoyment and earnings.  When I do the
bookkeeping, I am doing a job I hate.  (I'd rather be digging out septic
tanks.)  I have no choice but to do that job.
Fortunately, I have a wonderful wife who does the bookkeeping.  However,
come tax time, she spends far too many evenings and weekends glued to the

@_date: 1996-05-04 14:39:39
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Why I dislike Java. (was Re: "Scruffies" vs. "Neats") 
Unfortunately the market decided that function and price were more
important than security.  (I know, I spent 10 years developing and trying
to sell an OS with strong security features.)  The only thing I can suggest
to you is, spend the bucks, desk real estate, confusion etc. and have two
machines; a secure/reliable one and an insecure/unreliable one.  Make sure
OS manufacturers like Apple and Microsoft know that you want to be able to
disable the build in Java they have announced.
You may be able to develop a way of transferring the clipboard between the
machines so the dancing Java displayed economic numbers can be easily and
safely transferred to the secure machine's analysis program.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-05-05 17:38:55
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Senator Leahy's Public Key 
The more I think about Senator Leahy's public key, the more I keep coming
back to a point I only alluded to before.
How do we know the key is actually his key?
The key is only self signed.  It could be a fake.  If, as I have assumed,
its primary use will be to sign public statements posted to the net, how
will we know they are actually from Senator Leahy, and not some impostor?
I strongly urge the senator to join the web of trust and get some other
signatures on his key.

@_date: 1996-05-07 14:19:06
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: misunderstandings of PICS 
OBCRYPTO: PICS envisions that ratings distributed by this second method
will be digitally signed by the 3rd party rating service.

@_date: 1996-05-07 14:23:46
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Internet telephony report 
Well, now we know where they are going to levy the taxes when most commerce
goes on the net.  They'll hit up the guys with lots of cable/fiber etc.

@_date: 1996-05-08 13:06:36
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Transitive trust and MLM 
Some of the solution to this problem may come from the answer to the
question, "What am I trusting the receiver with?"  I can see a number of
(1) I just want an envelope so casual eavesdroppers can't read the mail. Given the people Rich Graves has been dealing with, I see this as a
powerful reason to encrypt all private email, just as you might send all
private postal mail in envelopes rather than on postcards.
In this case, I don't need a lot of confidence.  Yes, a man-in-the-middle
(MIM) can read the mail, just as the post office can open the envelope. However, the rest of the world won't see it unless the MIM wants to get
caught.  End-to-end, out of band acknowledgements can ensure that the
message gets thru.  (If the people I'm going to the mountains with don't
pick me up, and I got in-band acknowledgements, I WILL suspect a MIM.)
(2) I am sending someone else's secrets to a perfect stranger.  An example
might be sending company confidential information to a researcher another
company R&D center half way around the world.
In this case, I want to get the key from a location approved by the owner
of the secret, making the problem the companies and not mine.
(3) I am sending information which, if released, might cause significant
harm to me or someone close to me.
I can't see sending information of this nature to someone I don't know
really well.  In this case, out-of-band key fingerprint exchanges will work
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-05-08 16:09:37
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Transitive trust and MLM 
Indeed, signing is something I shouldn't forget (having harassed Senator
Leahy on the same subject).  I will offer two observations on the subject:
(1) Many posts signed by the same key define a personality.  The key is
"key", not the email address, but they become associated. (2) When in
doubt, ask the poster via private email.  This method reduces to the levels
of trust I described in, "What am I trusting the receiver with?"
N.B. I don't sign my posts because I want "implausible deniability".
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-05-11 16:02:13
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Dear friends, 
Wietse Venema and Dan farmer recomended RFC1244 in their Security Auditing
and Risk Analysis class.
Available from ftp:ftp://munnari.oz.au/rfc/rfc1244.Z

@_date: 1996-05-13 17:48:18
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Notes from the SF Physical Cypherpunks meeting 
I would also like to thank martin for his notes.  I was unable to attend
the meeting and the notes are the best I can do.  A small correction and
some pointers:
The correct spellings are KeyKOS and Tymshare.  That may help people
searching for other information.
URLs for KeyKOS information are:
    Also, a system being built on similar ideas is described at:

@_date: 1996-05-14 15:21:48
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Civil liberties of employees (Re: FYB_oss) 
But there is a very clear contract here.  He rakes your leaves and you pay
him the agreed amount.  If he does not rake, he is in default and you don't
pay him.  If he rakes and you don't pay him, you are in default and he can
probably collect thru small claims court.
I have done consulting work here in Silicon Valley based on such contracts.
 (The value was low and I had assurance, from a mutual friend, that I was
contracting with a man of honor.  I did the work and got paid.)  IMHO, it
beats the hell out of 3 months dealing with corporate legal.

@_date: 1996-05-16 11:21:06
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: crosspost re remailers 
I thought the statement that remailers are supposed to be ephemeral and
common was the answer.  If one is shut down, a dozen spring up in its
place.  Advertising new remailers does become an issue.  What mechanisms
are in place for new remailers to advertise themselves?
I find it interesting that this remailer is being shut down by private
action and not by government.  (Yes, they are threatening government
action, but if they couldn't do that they would find some other threat.)

@_date: 1996-05-16 11:23:13
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: distributed keys 
(4) Have a machine responsible for generating the public-private keys for
each node.  It has its own public-private key pair.  It uses it's private
key to sign each node's public key.  Every node gets three keys: it's
public and private keys, and the public key generating machine.
When nodes make contact they exchange signed public keys and verify the
signature of their partner's key with the public key of the generating
This is a simple certificate hierarchy scheme as seen in SET, the US Post
Office CA system, and VeriSign.  Note that the generating machine does not
need to be on any network.  In fact, it could spend most of its time locked
up in a safe since it is only needed when generating new keys.

@_date: 1996-05-16 14:24:30
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Why does the state still stand: 
If all you need to do is beat the cost of commuting 20 miles/day, no problem.
You could require daily payment and forgo the escrow agent.  (Assuming you
are willing to risk a day's pay as an experiment in reputation.)  Note that
AP won't work if everyone is anonymous because you won't have a target.
What may be a problem for such a company is a social problem.  All the
creative groups I have worked with have had close personal relations. (Although they have not had wide agreement on significant non-work
subjects!)  I don't know if good, creative, group-produced products can be
built without such a relationship.  Does anyone know of an example of such
a product from an "anonymous" environment?

@_date: 1996-05-16 17:00:38
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Edited Edupage, 9 May 1996 
I've been trolled too.
Since I am basically conservative (small c, original meaning), I always
look for ways to ease into change.  In the case of public schools (and
specifically in California), I see that the top 10% can stand proudly next
to the best of the private schools, and the bottom 10% are cesspools.  We
should start by issuing education vouchers to the parents of students in
the bottom 10% of the schools for the state aid their districts would have
otherwise gotten.  We can monitor indicators such as the juvenile crime
rate and standardized tests to see how the experiment is progressing.
If the experiment is wildly successful, it will be extended quickly by
popular demand.  If it is mildly successful, it should be extended to more
schools, but more slowly (perhaps the lowest 25% next), and monitored.  In
any case, when it reaches the top 10%, it ain't broke, schools, they will
have had time to adapt to the change in funding.
I should note that if I were sending my children to primary/secondary
school today, I would still send them to the local public schools in Los
Actually I use the USPS.  They deliver to places I have to send things that
FX does not (Some rural parts of the USA).   However, since I am not
sending life-saving medicine, I really don't "absolutely positively have to
get the package there".

@_date: 1996-05-18 06:50:56
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: The Crisis with Remailers 
Perhaps what is needed is a non-profit, charitable 501c foundation to
encourage anonymous communication.  Those who support the idea could make
tax deductible contributions which would be used for grants, public
education etc. etc. to encourage anonymous communication.  It could be
called, "The Federalist Foundation" because the Federalist Papers were
published anonymously.

@_date: 1996-05-18 09:44:00
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Java & signed applets 
A bootable CD-ROM from a reliable source to verify signatures would be much
safer than no signatures at all.  Even just running the signature
verification program from CD-ROM would make an attacker's problem more
BTW - The problem is not trusted hardware.  It is software that can isolate
untrusted programs and protect itself.  Anything with an A or B NCSC
security rating would certainly be attractive.  Trusted signature
verification hardware accessed by a compromised system can't be trusted. (How do you know what was given to the hardware to be verified?  How do you
know that the answer came from the hardware?)

@_date: 1996-05-19 00:40:58
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Why does the state still stand: 
I think building trust in this kind of thing is a big problem.  There are
so many ways you can get ripped off.  Failure to distribute.  Fake costs in
the accounting.  Off record sales of the product.  Phantom partners who do
nothing but funnel profits to someone. etc. etc. etc.  A fully anonymous
audit may be what is needed, unless you are able to build enough trust in
an individual nym that you won't get ripped off.  Anyone got a protocol for
fully anonymous auditing?

@_date: 1996-05-19 03:48:47
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: anonymous companies 
Another interesting question is how you do personnel selection for an
anonymous enterprise.  One possibility would be anonymous reputation
passing, but I don't know any protocols for this.  A participant would also
want to take any positive reputation accruing away when the enterprise
finished.  (And the rest of us would want any negative reputation to stick
as well.)

@_date: 1996-05-19 12:50:32
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Senator, your public key please? 
It could happen today.  All anyone has to do is down-load his key, sign it,
and then up-load it again.
This is exactly analogous to slanderous attack on someone's reputation.  As
soon as people realize that the mere fact that a key has a signature does
not mean that the key-owner solicited the signature, the problem goes away.

@_date: 1996-05-19 12:53:23
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: crosspost re remailers 
There is no moderator.  I am just a subscriber like yourself (except I
asked for it.)  Did you get a welcome message which included information
like the following?

@_date: 1996-05-20 22:36:25
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Rumor: DSS Broken? 
I was rather impressed by NSA's role in the creation of DES.  The
strengthened it against an attack which was not publicly known, and didn't,
in the process, reveal the attack.  (See AC2.)

@_date: 1996-05-21 15:03:27
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: The Crisis with Remailers 
In general, I think this foundation should limit itself to:
(1) Supporting the creation of techniques for anonymous communication (e.g
remailers, nym servers etc.)  This could include grants for theoretical
work and grants for the production of out-of-the-box public domain systems.
(2) Public education on the need and value of anonymous communication.
(3) Demonstration projects to help create a market where none exists.
Whenever there is a market, the foundation, like governments, should not
participate as a competitor.

@_date: 1996-05-21 15:48:27
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Is Chaum's System Traceable or Untraceable? 
Perhaps I am confused, but I see no need for change in the fully anonymous
protocol.  I see the fully anonymous protocol as:
(1) The payee generates a coin for the amount of purchase, blinds it and
gives it to the payer.
(2) The payer blinds it again and gives it to the bank, which signs it
debiting the payer's account.
(3) The payer removes his blinding and gives the signed coin to the payee.
(4) The payee removes his blinding and deposits the coin.
Step 1 could be called a request for payment (an invoice), step 2 a
withdrawal, step 3 the payment, and step 4 a deposit.
Is there another version which allows the payee to have an unconnected
wallet of coins and get change in return?

@_date: 1996-05-22 07:58:40
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Rumor: DSS Broken? 
Given NSA's responsibilities to:
 (1) Break foreign crypto systems.
 (2) Make US crypto systems unbreakable.
 (3) Never Say Anything.
I find it remarkable they were that open.
They had a technique which helped them with 1.  They didn't want to reveal
it or foreign systems would be changed hurting NSA's pursuit of 1.  They
had a (small, DES was public and therefore could be used by foreigners)
obligation thru 2 to help with DES.  They honored 3 by saying as little as
possible, while still strengthening DES.
If they were cypherpunks, or academic cryptologists I would agree. However, their responsibilities do not involve publishing, so I can't fault
the way they skated thru the maze of conflicting responsibilities given
what we know.  I can not fault them for following their charter.  (Faulting
their charter is a different matter.)
When designing crypto systems, it is worthwhile to consider NSA as the
opponent, because as far as I know, they are the best there is.  If your
system is secure from NSA, then it is secure from everyone except insiders.
 However the government always skates between the horns of the dilemma that
acting on the results of NSA intercepts may cause their opponents the
change their crypto systems, cutting off the intercepts.
This logic says the government can always act on the results of 40 bit key
intercepts because everyone knows they are insecure.  If they acted on a 56
bit key intercept, it would make concrete what we already know
theoretically.  If they acted on a 96 bit key intercept, people would
abandon the underlying crypto system because of the unfeasibility of brute
forcing a 96 bit key.  (When considering what to abandon, the random
process used to generate the 96 bits should be at least as suspect as the
crypto system.)

@_date: 1996-05-22 17:38:51
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Long-Lived Remailers 
Ideally the final emanation point will be epherimal indeed.  Perhaps only a
few minutes or an hour or two.  That will protect Alice against attacks of
the form, "I sent something to Alice and it was posted from the same place
as that attack on my dictitorial rule."

@_date: 1996-05-22 19:18:10
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Senator, your public key please? 
Perhaps what is needed is anti-gravity for those signitures that are not
desired by the key owner.  The resulting map should show the closeness of
the relationship.

@_date: 1996-05-23 07:47:20
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Clipper III analysis 
John Gilmore wrote an excellent description of GAK 3 (aka Clipper III, aka
Enabling Privacy, Commerce, Security and Public Safety in the Global
Information Infrastructure).  Here are a couple of other points that even
the proponents of this scheme should agree to:
(1) GAK3 does not provide for the significant public purpose of protecting
dissident groups under repressive regimes.  Human rights groups in
Bosina/Serbia have used PGP to protect their files.  Since their computers
have been frequently seized, the only protection for those people who have
made human rights complaints has been that the local government has not had
access to the keys.
(2) The paper fails to differentiate between the needs of communication
privacy and data storage privacy.  No rational person would want to GAK
their communication keys.  Data lost because keys are lost can always be
retransmitted.  Since communications are easy to intercept, having a long
term GAK key greatly increases the chances that the long term key will be
stolen and the session keys intercepted.  Communication session keys should
be decided by techniques such as Diffie Hellman which ensure that the only
entities with access to the key are the programs/hardware at each end of
the link.
A better case for escrowing long term data storage keys can be made. Physical security provides some protection for the cyphertext.  Loss of a
key can mean loss of the data.  However, it is not clear why encrypting for
data storage is any different from storing confidential data in a safe.  If
the government has a legitimate need to access the data, they can access it
through the same legal processes they use to access data in safes.  While
long term data storage can use escrow agents, it does not need GAK for any
legal public purpose.

@_date: 1996-05-24 06:08:25
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: The Political Map, (was Re: FTC online workshop on privacy) 
This is because any analysis of political opinion that tries to reduce it
to a one dimensional metric is ipso facto wrong.  Two dimensions gives you
a much better match.  (Try personal freedom on one axis and economic
freedom on the other.)  I suspect the more dimensions you include, the
better you analysis will be.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-05-24 11:06:06
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: [SCARE]:  "If you only knew what we know..." 
I assume that since Senator Leahy is a co-sponsor of the Burns bill, "The
Briefing's" effects are not long lasting.

@_date: 1996-05-24 12:46:49
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: GAK3 
"That's a very powerful thing. Suppose the king of England, or the French
government, for example, says that you must use our way of assigning
identity, and if you do not use our way to assign identity you don't get to
play. By doing this they get complete control over the system. Good points
and bad points, but if they can make it stick, it's a very powerful
position to be in. Indeed it's the position of the king or the sovereign.
The identity by fiat."
... [Discussion of Microsoft/Visa proprietary, patented and non-disclosed
CA system elided]
"So if you allow this sort of a vertically-integrated system to come into
place, whoever controls that vertically-integrated system will have control
not only over the liquidity--that is, issuing you money--they will end up
with a monopoly over the control of the content. Having a monopoly over the
content, of course, gives them the power to tax, and the power to get
revenues as a percentage of those sales transactions.
"So we conclude by asking these questions: If identity no longer comes from
your bank, but from your PC operating system, what role does your bank have
in granting you liquidity? And if your identity comes from your PC
operating system, why can't the PC operating system grant you liquidity?
And, indeed, granting you liquidity is known as extending credit. And
extending credit is, and has been, historically the function of banks and
banks alone.
"The point of this discourse into identity and liquidity is to get you to
think a little bit about the power of the way that these different systems
go together using the bionomic model. If we indeed live with historical,
pyramidal kinds of structures, we step right into an economic world where
there is, by default, the accident of handing someone else the ability to
provide us taxation. If we, on the other hand, maintain autonomies--small
self-organizing groups with a language that allows us to communicate from
group to group--along with that economic freedom comes a social freedom."
        - Bill Melton, CEO-CyberCash Inc.
Quoted in:

@_date: 1996-05-25 10:52:41
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Layman's explanation for limits on escrowed encryption ... 
In their paper (Enabling Privacy, Commerce, Security and Public Safety in
the Global Information Infrastructure), McConnell and Appel state that they
are willing to allow 80 bit GAKed hardware to be exported, but only 64 bit
software.  They state the reason for this difference is because it is
harder to hack the hardware to defeat the GAK.
Now we all know that, should this proposal be adopted, the four horsemen
will use some non-GAKed cypher system, e.g. PGP, inside the GAKed envelope.
When privacy is outlawed, only outlaws will have privacy.

@_date: 1996-05-25 11:03:17
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: VIRUS ALERT: Java virus that affects Netscape 2.0 & 2.01. 
I would like to be able to enforce a policy for Java applet CPU time which
says, the applet can have as much time as it wants/needs constrained by:
(1) I can always determine how much it is using.
(2) I can kill it without killing other processes/threads including the browser.
(3) Without interfering with 1 or 2, I can set its priority in relation to
other programs running on my machine.
In the long term, I would like the ability to sell CPU cycles to Java
applets.  (Or donate cycles to projects I support.)

@_date: 1996-05-25 12:03:32
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Runtime info flow in Java 
Let me take a couple of stabs at this question.
A lot of the answer depends on what you mean by secure.  For example, if
the Java run-time can successfully contain Java applets so they can't
access any of the unsecured portions of your OS, then it doesn't matter
that those OS holes exist as far as protection from the applets is
concerned.  The proof that the Java run-time actually can do this
containment is left as an exercise for the student :-).
Capabilities could be used to give specific Java applets access to specific
resources on your computer system.  e.g. You could give an applet the
capability to read a file.  In the Java world it would appear as an object
with only one method (read).  The specific applet object instances which
had access to that object could read the file.  Others could not.
A slightly different view of where capabilities might fit in is on a
network of mutually suspicious actors (e.g. the global Internet).  Start by
assuming that each machine is strongly resistant to attack through the
network.  (Ironically, Mac/Wintel platforms may be easier to secure in this
manner than Unix platforms because they have fewer of the compromised
network daemons running.  Firewalls already allow Unix networks to approach
this level of security.)  In this model, you must either trust or contain
all the code you run on your machine.
We can use certificates (ref: SPKI) to implement network capabilities. These certificates make statements of the form: The holder of the secret
key which corresponds to this public key is permitted these specific forms
of access to this specific resource on this location (e.g. a URL).  These
certificates can act like capabilities.  They can be passed by creating a
new certificate for the receiver which gives it the privileges implied by
the old certificate.  They can be rescinded in any of a number of ways.
Capability certificates allow you to give access to specific resources on
your machine with public key authentication to prevent spoofing.  Because
they support one or more techniques for the holder to pass the capability
to others, they allow subcontracting computation to other machines in the
I will note in passing that ACLs do not allow for subcontracting.
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-05-29 11:17:33
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Runtime info flow in Java 
Sounds like a good way to me.  When you want to pass a capability, you can
either get a completely new certificate from the resource's system, or
generate a (possibly temporary) transfer certificate that accompanies a
copy of your certificate.

@_date: 1996-05-29 12:20:41
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Philosophy of information ownership [ Re: Children's	  Privacy Act ] 
If the couch design is copyrighted, you have just violated the copyright :-).

@_date: 1996-05-29 12:56:02
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Clipper III analysis 
Carl is right.  They want to GAK all keys including signature keys.  Now
think, to whom in your life are you willing to grant unlimited power of
attorney?  Your spouse?  Your lawyer?  Your banker?  Your employer?  Your
Giving away your signature key is worse.  Not only can any key holder act
FOR you, he can act AS you.  "We've got you cold perp.  You signed this
child porn that was posted to alt.binary.etc.  You can make your calls from
jail."  Who needs entrapment.

@_date: 1996-05-31 08:38:59
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: NRC crypto policy report to be released Thursday 
The San Jose Mercury News has the top business section article:
ON-LINE SECRECY WINS BACKING
Without it there could be havoc, panel says
Basically the report says the US will get more protection by using strong
crypto to secure its networks and systems than by keeping week crypto and
allowing LEAs to read comm.  The report describes GAK as "an untested,
unproven technology that should not be foisted on the public until it is
proven in extensive field use by the government."
A quote: "We believe government policy should support the broad use of
cryptography." ... "We believe it presents problems for the legitimate
concerns of national security and law enforcement.  But we also point out
that strong cryptography is needed because of the proliferation of
computer-based crimes, that it would deal with national security issues by
protecting vital public networks." - Kenneth W. Dam, Chairman

@_date: 1996-05-31 19:45:01
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: NRC Cryptography Report: 
Some dumb questions from a citizen.
Note: Recommendation summaries are from "Fight-Censorship Dispatch Landmark Crypto Study Released", posted by Declan McCullagh
.  Thanks Declan.
How do you reconcile this recommendation with the recommendation of the
Cryptography experts group that data which needs to be kept secret for 20
years should be protected by at least 90 bit keys?
The current export restrictions inhibit using strong crypto domestically. How do this recomendation free domestic crypto for commercial development? Another way of asking is, how can strong crypto be distributed in the US so
as to preclude prosecution for exporting it?  How do future export controls
affect software posted to FTP/web sites?
How do government experiments with key recovery systems help us learn about
their vulnerablities to human level attacks, e.g. bribery?  How much
negotiable value will these government systems carry?
How will GAKed systems protect US business from spying by foreign
governments?  France is rumored to be particularly active in commercial
spying, and will want access to all keys used in France.

@_date: 1996-06-01 12:33:19
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Where does your data want to go today? 
I don't think this is true given a brute force attack.  Let me assume
DES-CBC as a specific system.  Let us assume that the plaintext is:
  IV || PKZIP2.1 || Where IV is the 8 byte initialization vector.
The brute force system decrypts the first, and second blocks (8 bytes each)
of the cyphertext, XORs them, and compares the result with "PKZIP2.1".  If
the comparison is equal it has the key.
If we eliminated the header and just started with the compressed data, then
the brute force system would have to decrypt and decompress enough of the
data to run statistical tests.  The cost of the additional decryptions,
decompression, and statistical tests substantially raise the cost of the
brute force attack.

@_date: 1996-11-01 11:09:10
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: ITAR restricts Financial Cryptography 
Just in case anyone still thinks that the ITAR doesn't interfere with the
use of cryptography to protect financial systems from fraud, here is a data

@_date: 1996-11-01 13:24:02
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Sliderules, Logs, and Prodigies 
Slide rules are still, IMHO, the best calculator to keep in a car for
calculating gas mileage.  They are rugged, have no batteries, are not
attractive to thieves, and have sufficient accuracy for the problem.  They
also teach the logarithm relation, which is valuable for understanding the
physical universe.

@_date: 1996-11-02 10:06:15
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: ITAR financial crypto exception? 
At  8:25 PM 11/1/96 -0800, Greg Broiles quoted:
I don't think either of these exclusions would cover the reference
implementation of the SET protocol.  I don't think it would cover an
electronic commerce application running on a personal computer/workstation
either.  Therefore I conclude that the ITAR is contributing to the
vulnerability of our emerging electronic commerce infrastructure.

@_date: 1996-11-03 22:30:29
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Dr. Vulis 
As I put on my flame resistant suit...
IMHO, most of the posts about John Gilmore's action re: Dr. Vulis are
seriously miss-analyzing what has happened.  As far as I can tell, John
instructed his Majordomo to refuse subscription requests to cypherpunks
from Dr. Vulis.  That is all that John has done.  What John has not done
(1) John has not censored Dr. Vulis.  He is still free to speak to
cypherpunks by posting in the normal manner.
(2) John as not turned to the courts as some others have suggested. Turning to the courts would certainly not be the way a cryptoanarchist
would handle the situation.
The best paradigm I can come up with to analyze John's action is my quite
imperfect understanding of communitarian theory.  In essence,
communitarians say that there should be a level of social control between
individual rights and the forceful coercion of the state.  What John has
done is step forward and excommunicate Dr. Vulis.  He has said to Dr.
Vulis, "You are no longer a member of the cypherpunks community."
I would love to hear how people feel this action fits in to the
cryptoanarchy, libertarian utopias we frequently discuss.  E.g. Why is it
not a perfectly reasonable action for some one to take in an anarchy?

@_date: 1996-11-06 23:05:48
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Judge Kozinski responds to our responses 
In the case of postal mail, return address forgery is so easy that anyone
who can address an envelope can figure it out.  Requiring something
scribbled there certainly wouldn't help protect against anonymous mail. You would have to couple it with "is a person" checks to ensure the person
posting it is the person referenced by the return address.  Bye bye corner
post box.

@_date: 1996-11-12 22:42:21
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News 
There is a serious error here.  Gilmore did nothing to prevent Vulis from
posting to the list.  He only prevented Vulis from receiving the list under
his own name.  And, the as hominem attacks continue.

@_date: 1996-11-15 12:58:53
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: It is getting easier 
I don't think new transponders make much difference.  The old ones heighten
the radar image of the airplane which gives an accurate 2D position.  This
position is automatically entered into the FAA computer which maintains the
ATC controller's display.  In the old style, altitude is determined by an
altimeter on the airplane which encoded into the transponder signal.
If newer transponders are returning GPS signals, the position may be more
accurate (but probably not unless they can decode the selective
availability signal).  (OBCrypto for those who care.)
In either case, the Passenger Name Records for the flight are in the
airlines databases (and have been there for many years), and the airplane's
physical position is in the FAA's computer (and has been for many years). The ability to find the current position of an airplane, or a passenger
remains dependent on the incentives and disincentives for database linking
and application development.  There are no insurmountable technical
problems.  The technical problems are those of getting old-technology
software to do something new.

@_date: 1996-11-15 12:59:20
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: [REBUTTAL] Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News 
Even more important is the fact that Mr. Gilmore did not prevent Mr. Vulis
from speaking.  No restraint on speech implies no censorship.  Therefor Mr.
Vulis was not censored.  Q.E.D.
You all are perfectly free to like or not like what Mr. Gilmore did. However, don't call it censorship because it wasn't.

@_date: 1996-11-15 12:59:26
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
I hope it is ready.  To quote from William Safire's 11/14/96 NYT column:
"Let's run a test.  "Information Technology and Political Control in
Singapore" is a paper just issued by Prof. Gary Rodan of Murdoch University
in Perth, Australia, distribued by Chalmers Johnson of the Japan Policy
Research Institute in Cardiff, Calif.  It's on this web site:
"If Lee blocks access, Singaporeans, try E-mail: cjohnson at ucsd.edu.  But be
careful, global business executives: the Architect of the New Century [Lee
Kuan Yew - wsf] may be monitoring everything you download."

@_date: 1996-11-15 15:14:37
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: ideal secure personal computer system 
A system file and boot blocks you know can't be written to is a wonderful
aid to a comfortable sleep.  For a number of things, I would like to boot
off CDROM.  (E.g. the program which checks the cryptographic hash of all
the executables on my hard drive and delivers me a report.)
It would be better if they set up scratch space on the writable volume with
the most available space.  VM/CMS provided a system call to to this in the
late 1960s/early 1970s.  "Modern" systems should provide a similar service.
Protection against strangers walking up to your machine and using it is
nice, and easy to do.  Protection against viruses which install Trojan
horses in your system would also be nice, but is very hard to do in systems
where programs run with all the privileges of their users.  Examples
include (in alpha order): DOS, MacOS, Unix, and Windows (including NT).

@_date: 1996-11-17 16:18:31
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: HP announcing some International Cryptography stuff on Monday 
I'd bet GAK too.  RSADSI has been working on GAK protocols, so these ones
might actually work.  I feel as pessimistic about this one as Lucky usually
Since I am inherently optimistic, one ray of light may be that the San Jose
Mercury News was mentioning the ability to export the system, and then when
the necessary licenses (US and foreign) were obtained, turn on the
encryption.  I guess from this that the encryption is in hardware.  Now,
software/hardware interfaces are usually fairly simple, so what we have
here is a software system with a crypto hook.

@_date: 1996-11-17 16:18:36
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: ideal secure personal computer system 
Ah, you touch on 20+ years of my professional life.  KeyKOS is such a
system as is EROS, a similar system being developed at University of
Pennsylvania.  See:
 - For KeyKOS documentation.
In general these systems provide an execution environment where programs
only have access to the resources they need.  Think of it as a Unix chroot
jail which is specifically designed for each program.  Then add controlled
communication links back to the user's terminal and you get the idea. Unless a program has a need to write the system file, it won't have the
privilege, even if it's user does have the privilege.

@_date: 1996-11-17 16:18:55
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: ideal secure personal computer system 
I assume that administrators only run programs from trusted libraries and
do not include their current directory in their path.  They never run
programs that aren't directly related to systems administration etc. etc.
etc.  The typical Trojan horest sits around until someone with the proper
authority runs it.
That is not the way NT is used at one large commercial operation I am
somewhat familar with.  (I'm being obscure to protect the guilty.)  I think
there are very few NT (or Unix) systems which are administrated with a safe
level of paranoia.  I would like to see more compartmentalization in the
(Note that even if it only runs with a user's privileges, a Trojan horse
will have no problem stealing e.g. that user's PGP secret key ring.  Not
everything of value is in system files.  Question, can a user-level Trojan
horse insert itself as a keyboard monitor and get the PGP pass phrase as

@_date: 1996-11-18 22:31:28
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: HP announcing some International Cryptography stuff on Monday 
I agree about Netscape.  IMHO they started with their hearts in the right
place, but with a naive lack of experience in real-world security.  Since
their hearts are in the right place, and they have good people, they have
improved a LOT in the last year.
I was assuming that you would interface software crypto where the hardware
crypto goes.  The best way to hack this will depend on the specific
implementation.  (At the same time you are gronking* the software calls to
the hardware, you can gronk the signature checking code.)
* gronk v.t. To hit over the head with a club.  From Johnny Hart's cartoon, B.C.

@_date: 1996-11-19 07:50:14
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Irono-troll (was: Re: The Utility of Privacy) 
Mine did too.  It is the most amusing exchange I've seen in a long while. An extremely stable nym arguing for privacy against an anonymous remailer
arguing that it isn't important.  It makes up for all the trash talk and
references to sexual orientation that the juveniles have been posting.

@_date: 1996-11-20 22:49:31
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Why I Don't Read SF Much Anymore 
"A Fire Upon the Deep", Vernor Vinge presents one time pads as the most
valuable item in intersteller commerce.  Crypto also plays an important
role during the final battle.  He also has a new take on exceeding the
speed (of light) limit, and a well drawn group-mind species.

@_date: 1996-11-22 12:09:22
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: The public sees no need for crypto at this time 
I generally agree with Tim about consumers.  However, I remember working on
a theater production where we were using Radio Shack 2-way headphones for
communication.  One day while we were setting up, we were able to overhear
a woman discussing (presumably with a girlfriend) her boyfriend and their
sex life over a portable telephone.  You can bet that every available
headset was in use and all other work stopped.
Where I think there is a market and an awareness of a need is in the
corporate world.  I recently saw a corporate security policy which
specifically restricted discussing classified information on portable or
cell phones.  If I were in France (to pick on just one guilty country), I
would not want to discuss secrets involving competitive position vs. a
French company on a landline connection.  The big driving force for
companies is how much the facility costs.  (I recently heard a price of
$700 for non-crypto phones.)  If the cost is low enough, company employees
will have these boxes in their homes.
The other big obstacle is standards.  As far as I can tell, every crypto
phone has its own protocol.  If there were a standard set of protocols, it
would greatly help the market, as it has for so many other products.  As a
first step, I suggest that Eric Blossom and PGP Inc. work together to
develop a mode where their products can communicate with each other.

@_date: 1996-11-22 14:36:32
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Mass-market crypto phones 
Both Eric's product and PGPhone use Diffie-Hellman key exchange.  They
protect against man-in-the-middle attacks by displaying (part of) the
resulting symmetric key and having the phone's users verify they are both
working with the same key in the conversation.  Until the AIs/eavesdroppers
get good enough to imitate a person on the phone, this verification
technique is good enough.

@_date: 1996-11-23 00:53:34
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Star Trek: First Contact 
For the fans of E.E.(Doc) Smith, go see this movie.
OBCrypto: Data locks the main computer with a fractal cypher.
OBMoney: Picard states the they don't have money in the 24th century. Instead they work for the good of mankind.  Nanotechnology must have made
everything material possible, so the only reward left is status (aka

@_date: 1996-11-23 13:29:45
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Star Trek: First Contact 
(Tongue firmly in cheek) It seems some feel that their best route to high
status is to be the crew member who beams down and dies.

@_date: 1996-11-23 18:42:02
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: IPG Algorith Broken! 
I thought Shannon proved one-time-pads to be unbreakable using information

@_date: 1996-11-24 15:49:56
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: IPG Algorith Broken! 
I think we differ on the definition of "unbreakable".  A quick stab at my
(admittedly very vague) definition includes the inability of the analyst to
determine (by the structure of the plaintext) that he has a correct
When I look in AC2, Schneier uses "break" in many ways.  Let me evaluate
OTP against his taxonomy of attacks:
Ciphertext-only:   Unbreakable
Known-plaintext:   Unbreakable, since the pad is never reused
Chosen-plaintext:  Unbreakable, ditto
Adaptive-chosen-plaintext: Unbreakable, ditto
Chosen-ciphertext: This attack doesn't seem to apply
Chosen-key:        This attack requires that the OTP doesn't have                    1-bit-of-entropy/bit which implies it isn't an OTP.
Rubber-hose:       Since any decryption is equally plausable, OTPs are
                   resistant to this attack.  OTOH, it means they may                    keep beating you even after you've given them the
                   correct decryption.
Purchase-key:      This attack seems the only way to break an OTP.
If you accept Purchase-key as a valid attack, and it certainly has worked
in many real-life situations, then no system is "unbreakable" and there is
not any point in using the term.  If you leave it out of the valid forms of
attack, because all systems are vulnerable to it so it doesn't help in
selecting a cryptosystem, then the OTP is "unbreakable".
How do you want to define "unbreakable"?

@_date: 1996-11-24 15:50:18
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Aga is talking to himself 
actually the message was from lucifer at dhp.com:
... messages suppressed
It looks like our juvenile "friend" is talking to himself.  I am truely
sorry that he feels a need to harass ladies who have actually made
something of their lives.

@_date: 1996-10-09 07:01:50
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Dallas Semiconductor turns on Internet commerce at the touch of a button 
What bothers me about such schemes is this:  What happens if the insecure
machine which accepts your PIN and transfers it to the iButton then
performs a transaction which you have not authorized.  E.g. it transfers
$10 rather than $.01.  You can collect quite a bit by repeating the scam.
I have not heard of a trust protocol which does not require some form of
input and/or output on the iButton itself.  All the ones which can be used
by normal humans (e.g. do not require the user to do public key
cryptography in his/her head) require both a small display and a
approve/disapprove button.  I think the credit card calculator form factor
is attractive for this application.

@_date: 1996-10-10 11:39:43
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: "Forward Privacy" for ISPs and Customers 
One technical approach is described in:
"A Revocable Backup System", dabo at cs.princeton.edu (Dan Boneh) and
rjl at cs.princeton.edu (Richard J. Lipton) in The 6th USENIX Security
Symposium Proceedings.
Basically the idea is to encrypt the file on the backup (tape) and then
lose the encryption key when you want to "forget" the file.

@_date: 1996-10-10 12:30:29
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Why not PGP? 
They are.
GAK stands for Goverment Access to Keys.  Key escrow is a term used in
government circles to avoid that truth.
Such communication was illegal during world war 2.  Your belief in furture
government (in)action depends on your trust of the government.

@_date: 1996-10-10 15:09:01
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: "Forward Privacy" for ISPs and Customers 
Agreeded.  I was assuming some degree of competence on the part of the ISP.
 Since it is a service they are offering, they are responsible for its
correct operation.  Reducing the size of the data you must lose is quite
valuable.  It means you don't have to pass large amounts of tape to stomp
on the file.
The article offers some solution to this problem, as I remember, but I
don't really have time to re-read it and summerize (unless you want to
outbid my current client :-).

@_date: 1996-10-14 22:13:34
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Cynthia Dwork talk: Non-Malleable Cryptography 
Sorry for the late post.  I'm way behind in reading my mail.
--------------Begin forwarded message---------------------
X-Mailer: Mozilla 2.01 (X11; I; Linux 1.3.48 i586)
Precedence: bulk
Title: Non-Malleable Cryptography
 Speaker: Cynthia Dwork, IBM Almaden Research Center
    Time: Tuesday 15 Oct 1996, 4:15pm, Gates 104
The notion of {\it non-malleable} cryptography,
an extension of semantically secure cryptography,
will be defined.
Informally, in the context of encryption
the additional requirement is that
given the ciphertext it is impossible to generate
a {\it different} ciphertext so that the respective
plaintexts are related.
Common public key cryptosystems are quite malleable:
for example, in RSA it is trivial to compute
$E(2x)$ given only $E(x)$.
Although defined with public key cryptography in mind,
non-malleability issues also arise in private-key cryptography.
Indeed, the security of
many common protocols, such as Kerberos, relies
implicitly on the inability of an adversary to compute $E(f(N))$
given only $E(N)$, for simple functions $f$.
The talk will focus on non-malleable public key cryptosystems.
with a few remarks on non-malleable schemes for
private-key cryptography, string commitment,
and proofs of possession of knowledge.
This is joint work with Danny Dolev and Moni Naor.
This message was posted through the Stanford campus mailing list
server.  If you wish to unsubscribe from this mailing list, send the
message body of "unsubscribe secure" to majordomo at lists.stanford.edu

@_date: 1996-10-15 21:44:11
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: "Right to Privacy" and Crypto 
The limits on free speech in the workplace, and their gradual extension to
non-work environments make me think the first is going down the tubes too.

@_date: 1996-10-16 21:10:41
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Q.E.D. 
At  8:28 PM 10/16/96 -0500, IPG Sales wrote (original at excessive length):
The problem is you are misusing the term One Time Pad.
One of the criteria for a OTP is that you can credibly claim that ANY plain
text (of the correct length) is a valid decryption of a cyphertext
encrypted with a OTP.  Since your PRNG has less entropy than the message,
there are output sequences that can not occur.  Therefore there are
plaintext messages which have no possible key.  These messages are not
credible decryptions and the PRNG is not a OTP.  This criterion is directly
related to the provable security of the OTP.  As such it is certainly a
rationally established criterion.
Now your PRNG may be a reasonably secure cypher system.  (I haven't looked
at it.)  However it isn't an OTP and should not be advertised as such. Doing so makes people familar with the field think you don't know what you
are talking about.

@_date: 1996-10-20 14:07:40
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Wrap Up: Conference on Law Enforcement and Intelligence 
(1) If I were faced with an opponent who had a crypto system I couldn't
break, I would attempt to make him think I could break it so he would stop
using it.  AKA FUD.
(2) If I could break his system, I would want him to continue using it.  I
would have to be very careful about how I used the material so he didn't
catch on to the break.  There are some wonderful examples of this logic in
"The Code Breakers".
(3) The devil is in the details.  I still am not convinced that MacPGP has
enough sources of entropy for its IDEA key generation.  (But I am not
convinced that it doesn't either.)  I put integrating Jon Callas's entropy
manager into MacPGP as a high priority.

@_date: 1996-10-20 22:29:54
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Wrap Up: Conference on Law Enforcement and Intelligence 
When you build RSA keys in PGP it uses keyboard timings to acquire "true
randomness" or entropy.  This kind of randomness is related to quantum
mechanical uncertainty.  It probably has enough entropy to safely generate
RSA keys by the keyboard technique it uses.
In addition to RSA keys, it generates symmetric IDEA keys whenever you send
a message.  It uses keystrokes accumulated during normal operation and
saved in a file called randpool (or something like that) to generate these
keys.  Since you almost never enter keystrokes during the normal operation
of MacPGP, I am concerned that randpool does not have enough entropy.
Entropy Manager is a program Jon Callas of Apple is working on.  It uses
well-known sources of entropy in the computer to build up a pool of entropy
for use by programs that need it.  The last I heard, it was nearly ready. I would trust it more than the ported PGP since Jon has examined sources
available in the Macintosh specifically.

@_date: 1996-10-29 21:33:53
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: slander and call for lawyers. :) 
I am quite willing to transfer my pledge of $50 (which was given in the
hope that the event would attract Attila, not Dimitri) to Ray's legal
defense fund.
I want to be clear that this transfer is only valid for defense.  If the
fund will be used to legally attack Dimitri, I'd like my money back.  That
falls in the category of inviting the courts to rule on net-disputes,
something I would like to discourage.  (Attacking Dimitri seems also to
fall into the category of bullshit suits, something else I would like to

@_date: 1996-10-30 20:26:22
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: "Montgolfiering" mindlessness 
Gee, I put that post in the same place I carefully keep my back issues of
the Cypherpunks Enquirer.

@_date: 1996-10-31 17:32:00
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: "Montgolfiering" mindlessness 
Quite a flame.  And just because I said I liked the spoof of Don Woods'
style too.  (N.B. The slightly different version of the above that was
privately forwarded to me spelled my name correctly, both in the text and
the address.)

@_date: 1996-10-31 18:57:05
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: "Montgolfiering" mindlessness 
RW, you misunderstand me.  I viewed the piece as being as worthy of
preserving as back issues of the Cypherpunks Enquirer.  From me, that is
high praise.  While I didn't short out my keyboard, it did brighten an
otherwise stressful day.

@_date: 1996-09-06 18:46:49
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: rc2 export limits.. 
Any secure hash can be used as a stream cypher.  Concatenate your key and a
block serial number (never to be reused) to get a number to exclusive or
with the plain text.  When you need a new block, use the next sequential
serial number.  (See Applied Cryptography)
Raw SHA probably isn't exportable because people can use it for crypto.  If
your use of SHA was bundled into a OS password scheme, you could probably
get a CJ on it and export it.

@_date: 1996-09-09 17:02:44
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Erasing Disks, was Re: What the NSA is patenting 
See Peter Gutmann's paper, "Secure Deletion of Data from Magnetic and
Solid-State Memory" in The Sixth USENIX Security Symposium Proceedings.
My feeling after hearing his paper was that the only thing I would trust
was thermite.

@_date: 1996-09-10 12:00:58
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: One Time Reply Blocks (was Re: strengthening remailer protocols) 
To paraphrase John Von Neumann, any system which uses reply blocks is in a
state of sin.  By this I mean that if there is a chain pointing at you, a
sufficiently powerful attacker can walk down that chain and find you.
Given that, I will join the state of sin by proposing a mechanism which
will allow Alice to receive a reply from Bob, but change her mind at any
time.  The basic idea is to have a one-time reply block which either Bob or
Alice can send to.  If Alice thinks that too much time has elapsed, and
powerful enemies are walking down her reply block chain, she can send
herself a reply and break the chain.  (She might send a reply thru each
link in the chain to break all the links.)
It also occurs to me that since email addresses are about the same size as
secure symmetric keys, it would be attractive to use real one time pads
instead of symmetric key cyphers for encrypting them.

@_date: 1996-09-11 07:22:08
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: One Time Reply Blocks (was Re: strengthening remailer protocols) 
I was thinking of storing a reply-key in each remailer.  The protocol might
go something like this (straw man proposal):
(1) Alice picks n random ids (say 160 bits or so) and n random keys.
(2) Alice sends the combination  to remailer[i], i=0,n-1.
(3) Alice builds a reply block which consists of the remailer return path,
each element encyphered with the appropriate key and sends it to Bob.
(4) When a remailer processes a reply block element, it removes it from the
reply block, looks up the id in its database, decrypts the address of the
next hop, removes the database element and forwards the message.
If Alice becomes nervous, she sends n "replys" thru each remailer to cause
the return path to be destroyed.

@_date: 1996-09-11 07:53:45
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: forward secrecy in mixmaster 
The US patent for RSA expires September 20, 2000 according to Applied
Cryptography Second Edition, p474.

@_date: 1996-09-12 04:25:50
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: One Time Reply Blocks (was Re: strengthening remailer protocols) 
You certainly know the details of Mixmaster remailers better than I do.  In
a last defense, while the protocol requires Alice's program to do a lot of
work, it still could be fairly easy for Alice herself to use.  In addition,
the remailer could set a definite limit to the lifetime of the keys, since
Alice is also setting such a limit.  If Alice specifies their lifetime when
she sends them, then the path would automatically dissolve without action
on her part.
Let me float one more hair-brained idea.  I think Tim May is right in
saying that the most secure response technique is the one in Blacknet. i.e. The response are posted to some public bulletin board, and then Alice
reads them at her leisure.
I see two problems with this approach:  (1) It doesn't scale well, and (2)
Alice's reading of the response may be detected.  (I think of the vans in
Great Britain which listen to the local oscillator frequency of TV sets to
find what people are watching.)
Perhaps both of these problems could be solved by something like a stock
photo service which uses digital watermarks to discourage copyright
infringement.  Since it is using digital watermarks, each copy of a
particular photo would be different, providing the opportunity to stego an
encrypted message in the photo.  If Alice regularly spent $.05 of Ecash for
a new desktop background photo, it would be hard to determine which had
stegoed messages.  The service might even make money on just the
above-board sales.

@_date: 1996-09-12 05:35:33
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Child Porn as Thoughtcrime 
It seems to me that the logic of these answers would make the movie,
"Carried Away" illegal.  According to a Boston Globe review (reprinted in
the local rag), "... his character cheats on his longtime girlfriend with a
new student who's only 17, ..."  Depending on how this is depicted in the
movie (Rated R), it seems to me that this could go over Hatch's line. (BTW, the review rates the movie 3 stars out of a possible 4.)

@_date: 1996-09-12 05:54:19
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: (Fnord) Edupage, 10 September 1996 
I'm preaching to the choir, but I can't resist.
The bad guys already have strong encryption.  So why doesn't the Clinton
administration immediately press for the widespread deployment of strong
encryption to help defend us against the bad guys?

@_date: 1996-09-12 16:19:23
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Erasing Disks 
I was asked of an outline of Peter Gutmann's paper, "Secure Deletion of
Data from Magnetic and Solid-State Memory" in The Sixth USENIX Security
Symposium Proceedings in private mail.  Since I think the question is of
general interest I am posting the answer and Bccing the original
The paper starts with the comment that most secure data destruction guides
are classified.  There is the suspicion that the unclassified ones do not
cover the newer recording materials and techniques, and will not protect
you against government attackers.
The analysis techniques for disks examined were Magnetic Force Microscopy
(MFM) and its close cousin, Magnetic Force Scanning Tunneling Microscopy
(STM).  "It is possible to build a reasonably capable SPM for about
US$1400, using a PC as a controller." (See
  This cost is
conceivably within the range of a high school student.
Peter discusses the way that data can be recovered from under new data (due
to the difference in the magnetic domains depending on whether the bits
were the same or different), and beside new data due to positioning errors
of the head.
When trying to develop a secure erasure technique, you need to know the
encoding technique used on the disk.  (e.g. FM, MFM, RLL, PRML etc.)
He recommends a 35 pass erasure scheme as follows:
1-4     Random
5       0x55
6       0xAA
7       0x924924
8       0x492492
9       0x249249
10      0x00
11      0x11
12      0x22
13      0x33
14      0x44
15      0x55
16      0x66
17      0x77
18      0x88
19      0x99
20      0xAA
21      0xBB
22      0xCC
23      0xDD
24      0xEE
25      0xFF
26      0x924924
27      0x492492
28      0x249249
29      0x6DB6DB
30      0xB6DB6D
31      0xDB6DB6
32-35   Random
He recommends using cryptographically random numbers and randomly permuting
the deterministic passes to further confuse attackers.
He warns about disabling any disk caches which may be present, and
discusses the problems of erasing data on now-bad sectors.  He points out
that data which has been left for a long time is harder to erase than
recently written data.  He mentions that the most powerful commercially
available deguassers aren't powerful enough to erase modern disks or DAT
tapes.  (N.B. Deguassing a disk will also erase the factory-written control
tracks, making the disk useless.)  He notes that ECC may make destruction
of data more difficult.
He recommends burning floppy disks.
He also discusses recovering data from DRAM and SRAM devices.  He mentions
that data which has been stored in DRAM for 10 minutes will be detectable
after power is removed.  He recommends that sensitive data (such as crypto
keys) have their bits flipped every second or so.  This technique has the
beneficial side effect that the page remains recently used and is less
likely to be paged out.\
I quote from his conclusion, "Data overwritten once or twice may be
recovered by subtracting what is expected to be read from a storage
location from what is actually read.  Data which is overwritten an
arbitrarily large number of times can still be recovered provided that the
new data isn't written to the same location as the original data (for
magnetic media), or that the recovery attempt is carried out fairly soon
after the new data was written (for RAM).  For this reason it is
effectively impossible to sanitize storage locations by simple overwriting
them, no matter how many overwrite passes are made or what data patterns
are written.  However by using the relatively simple methods presented in
this paper the task of an attacker can be made significantly more
difficult, if no prohibitively expensive."

@_date: 1996-09-13 06:14:08
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Fear of Flying -- from HotWired 
At  1:16 PM 9/12/96 -0500, Declan McCullagh quoted:
Gee, biotech has come a long way.  Now I can download the Anthrax DNA
sequence from the net and insert it in some carrier bacteria and start
making Anthrax bacteria.  Neat!
Or did he mean I can chemically synthesize Anthrax toxin?  Or did he mean I
can get information on culturing bacteria on the net, but must obtain a
sample of the bacteria from other sources?
BTW - My dictionary says that Anthrax is primarily an animal disease which
only occasionally infects humans.  It sounds like a poor choice for bio-war

@_date: 1996-09-13 09:05:43
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Gaining trust in OCO crypto code 
These thoughts came up at the Mac Crypto conference, but are somewhat more
general than the Macintosh, so I am ccing them to cypherpunks.
OCO, or Object Code Only, a bad idea whose time has not yet past (although
it was part of the reason for the decline of IBM's mainframe operating
systems), is the business practice of keeping the source code for a system
secret.  Some companies are applying the idea to cryptographic software, so
the we should think about how we can establish trust in such software.
There are three techniques which may work for all OCO software.
(1) Trust the designer/implementor.  Ron Rivest's RC2 and RC4 algorithms
were originally released as OCO algorithms.  Rivest's reputation as a
cryptographer established trust in them.
(2) Trust a third party auditing agency.  The US military trusts vendor
implementations of cryptographic software because they have been audited by
the NSA.
(3) Reverse engineer the implementation.  While laborious, this process is
straight forward.  When Netscape started using RC4 in their SSL
implementation, a review of its security became important enough that a
certain anonymous person(s) reverse engineered the implementation and
posted it to the Internet.  As a result, the algorithm has undergone peer
If we can't use the above techniques, we have to think very carefully about
what parts of a cryptographic system we can trust by only examining their
inputs and outputs.  Here is a list of things we can NOT trust in this
(1) Random number generation.  An error (as occurred in a Netscape
implementation), or a deliberate weakness can not be easily detected by
examining only the output of a cryptographic random number generator.
(2) Key generation.  There are published ways to encode an RSA secret key
in the corresponding RSA public key.  A key generation algorithm which only
uses 32 bits of the random number would be hard to detect, but easy to
break by one who knew its secret.  You have to be able to examine in detail
how keys are generated.
Now there are some things we might be able to trust based only on an
examination of the inputs and outputs.
(1) Implementation of a cryptographic algorithm.  If we can feed it enough
test cases, and compare the output with a public, well vetted
implementation, we can come to believe that it is correct.
(2) Certain cryptographic protocols.  If we can trust one side of a
Diffie-Hellman (DH) key exchange, then we can trust the keys generated
because both sides contribute to the randomness of those keys.  However we
can't trust two instances of an OCO DH exchange implementation working with
each other, so this trust doesn't seem to cover many practical instances.
If the OCO protocol implementation can interoperate with a trusted
implementation, then we can start to have some trust in it.  However, we
will still have to carefully examine the protocol for covert channels. This form of trust may be of real-world use.

@_date: 1996-09-15 06:56:53
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Erasing Disks 
N.B. Your disagreement is with Peter's paper, not me unless I have
inadvertently misrepresented what he wrote.
I think Peter was looking for non-destructive methods which would allow
continued use of the hard disk
Peter thinks this strength is to strong for practical application.  He
describes someone who had a strong enough research magnet which bent the
platters.  Since erasing the clocking tracks requires them to be rewritten
at the factory, magnets do not allow reuse of hard disks.
Burn after shredding, or you have a puzzle fan reassembling the shredded disk.
Hastily, but with regards - Bill

@_date: 1996-09-17 17:01:11
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Gaining trust in OCO crypto code 
I agree with Norm's points.
This statement was not as clear as I wish I had been.  The trap door in RSA
key generation is sufficient to require careful examination of the source
for any RSA key (unless you can take the out Norm suggests as):
When I started discussing using only 32 bits of the random number, I was
thinking of random session keys such as PGP generates for its IDEA cypher. I agree you could detect a small number bits being used to generate these
keys by a birthday attack.  However, most systems make sure these keys are
never revealed outside the system (to preserve the secrecy of the
messages).  It is not easy to do a birthday audit of e.g. PGP session keys.

@_date: 1996-09-19 04:20:17
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Fear of Flying -- from HotWired 
Sorry Unicorn, you missed my point.  (1) You need DNA to grow bacteria. You can get the DNA two ways.  (A) You get a sample of the beast, or (B)
You get a DNA sequence and then regenerate the DNA.  (I don't think B is
technically feasable yet.)  (2) You can't send samples of the beast thru
the net.

@_date: 1996-09-19 15:05:21
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Fear of Flying -- from HotWired 
My point was that you need more than just information (but see below).  You
also need some materials that may be hard to get.  Being totally ignorant
in the anthrax growing area, I have no idea where I would get my starter
bacteria.  (Presumably any net-info would tell me.  I haven't looked.)
Oh well, if not this year, then next people will be able to down load any
virus/bacteria they want.  Come the millennium, it will be plants, with
mice and rats to follow.
I have no problem with your point.  Mine was intended as sarcasm.

@_date: 1996-09-25 15:49:19
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Private Information Retrieval 
Yup.  That was the original problem KeyKOS nee Gnosis was designed to solve.

@_date: 1996-09-26 13:54:50
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Mitsubishi MISTY LSI 
Does anyone have a reason not to consider this algorithm snake oil?  e.g.:
Was it developed by a well known cryptographer?
Has it been vetted by someone/some organization with reputation?
I other words, why should we trust it?

@_date: 1996-09-26 13:55:29
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Private Information Retrieval 
As part of helping you get a clue about how the net works, I offer you the
following information:
You have been subscribed to a long-standing Internet mailing list.  Mailing
lists are also called a mail exploders because any mail sent to them is
resent to all the subscribers.  You should have gotten instructions on
unsubscribing when you were subscribed.  If you have lost them, Tim May has
kindly given you and others in your situation some useful hints:
Note that this is not a mail bomb attack.  Each message is different and
there are only about 100 of them of a normal day.

@_date: 1997-04-02 20:43:31
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Analysis of proposed UK ban on use of non-escrowed crypto. 
This issue is to me key.  If the government wants any creditability on the
GAK issue, it will include in any GAK system, a provision for independent
auditing, after the fact, of intercepts.  (BTW - I will still oppose GAK,
but some of my best arguments will be taken away.)
It seems to me that once you swollen the idea that government has, under
any circumstances, a right to read your mail, there are two issues.
(1) Is the proscribed procedure fair?
(2) Did the government follow the procedure?
(My opposition to GAK is based on my belief that there are no star chamber
proceedings which are fair.  The ability to confront the witnesses against
you and compel witnesses to testify for you are key here.)
However, auditing only addresses the second issue.  There are many problems
with auditing the government's use of its access.  One key one is, who is
the auditor?  At CFP97, I suggested that the press would make a good
If the KRAP agency is truly at arms length from the government*, then a
report of the keys released compared with records that the procedures were
followed, would allow anyone, the press included, to check that the
government followed the procedures.
Now, I frequently think that the press is in bed with the government, so I
am looking for a better auditor.  Some institution which values its
reputation more than it values its relationship with the government would
do.  Anyone have any good candidates?
* Assuring this arms length relationship is an exercise for the student.
(I give it a Knuth grade of 50.)

@_date: 1997-04-08 21:22:54
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: some arguments for privacy 
At 1:15 AM -0800 4/8/97, Wei Dai gave some arguments pro and con privacy:
Or peoples expectation about the range of private behavior will change to
be more in line with the reality.  Those whose behavior is 5 standard
deviations away from the norm will be screwed.
Such laws will support monopoly use of personal information, and as such be
very unlikely to contribute to the good of society.
At CFP '97, David Brin gave a lunch talk where he argued against privacy
and in favor of accountability.  The example he used was the cop and the
driver, both with the secure recording TV cameras on their shoulders.  Of
course the crypto-anarchist view is you can use any information you can
get, and I can use strong privacy technologies to keep you from getting it.

@_date: 1997-04-15 19:45:14
@_author: William S. Frantz 
@_subject: Introducing newbies to encryption (was: Re: anonymous credit) 
Since security is not binary (i.e. talking of secure and insecure is
nonsense.  You must talk of more or less secure.), you have to look at the
threats.  If you are sending email from a multi-user Unix machine, encrypting
it removes some threats (e.g. wiretaping) without adding any new threats.
(There are still the continuing parade of UNIX holes based on the C string
I would say that if users don't think they are safe, just think they are
a bit safer, then encrypting on a multi-user machine is a good thing because
it is more secure than not encrypting.  It is still less secure than a single-user system with Tempest shielding.
Bill Frantz                   Periwinkle  --  Computer Consulting
(408)356-8506                 16345 Englewood Ave.
frantz at netcom.com             Los Gatos, CA 95032, USA

@_date: 1997-04-20 23:38:44
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: David Friedman and assassination politics 
I thought I'd pass on this quote:
"Four more jeeks run up to join them.  Y.T. counts two more revolvers and a
pump shotgun.  Any more of these guys and they'll be able to form a
  - Snow Crash p84, Neal Stephenson
I have always thought that what the newspapers call "anarchy" is not the
absence of government, but rather the presence of too many competing
I prefer nonviolent solutions myself.

@_date: 1997-04-24 22:40:53
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Cato forum on liquor advertising and electronic media 
We still have North Korea, and even better, Myanmar where net access is
What is highly amusing is the mounting evidence that alcoholic beverages in
moderation are good for your health.  Of course, if you are one of the
small percent of the population who can't be moderate, then you should not
use alcoholic beverages.  But many people have bad reactions to various
foods.  That's no reason to forbid them or their advertising.

@_date: 1997-05-01 14:04:28
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: House subcom. passes crypto bill, USDoJ letter to panel 
At 4:36 PM -0700 4/30/97, Declan McCullagh quoted:
Wow!  The four horsemen are now eight (or more).

@_date: 1997-08-23 11:26:14
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Welfare Solution #389 
The Swiss friends we visited earlier this week agree that this policy has
had positive effects.  We passed a park in Zurich that had formally been
used by heroin addicts as a "shooting gallery", and was now being used by
ordinary citizens including families with small children.  They mentioned
the change in the park as one of the benefits of the new policy.

@_date: 1997-08-24 00:44:12
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: lack of evolutionary pressures (was Re: An end to "courtappointed attorneys") 
Hi Adam.  A nice analysis.  However:
If we are going to do anything for free, it should be things which
encourage population reduction.  Anyone for a charity?
Don't always assume that these are negative evolutionary pressures.  One of
the hallmarks of Homo's evolutionary survival has been the ability to live
in many niches.  Welfare is one niche, and no one should be surprised when
organisms decide to live in an available niche.  The question is, what
happens when that niche goes away?
For example, I have one friend who raised her two children (spaced 12 years
apart) on welfare.  They are now grown and she has a job as a Unix
sysadmin.  She obviously has the ability to move from niche to niche.  (And
doesn't subscribe to the Protestant work ethic.)

@_date: 1997-08-25 12:57:08
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: lack of evolutionary pressures 
Francis Fukuyama, in his book "Trust" argues that culture is the
determining factor here.  I highly recommend the book.

@_date: 1997-08-28 14:14:59
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Monkey Wrench into the works 
A quick glance at the web page shows that most of the features of their
system could be achieved with a Blum Blum Shug (BBS) generator.  However,
some of the features seem to require that the BBS factors be known, and
some seem to require that they be secret.

@_date: 1997-08-29 10:50:11
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: gephardt slams crypto regs 
I also thank Vladimir for posting the article.  I was going to post a
summary, but I found myself buried under a kilomessage or so of back email
after my trip to Switzerland.
I think this article is principally interesting because Senator Gephardt is
the Democratic leader in the House.  It seems to indicate considerable
disarray in the administration on what our crypto policy should be.
As the ever optimist, this article, along with Dorothy Denning's new stand,
and the Burnstein decision indicates that the forces of crypto repression
are in retreat.  GO TEAM!

@_date: 1997-12-05 14:06:46
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Superdistribution development/release 
Note that, if the person who has the authority to modify the code of the
operating system wants to intercept the data, even a "real" OS can be
easily modified.  Since with personally owned systems, that person is the
owner, there is very little protection the OS can give to these kinds of
copyright enforcement systems.

@_date: 1997-12-13 13:07:38
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: hashcash spam prevention & firewalls 
I think there needs to be a story for mailing lists.  It might be
acceptable for the first pass to allow spamming of mailing lists but not of
individuals email addresses.  (Apologies in advance to list moderators.)

@_date: 1997-12-16 16:12:07
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: hashcash spam prevention & firewalls (fwd) 
This isn't the only mailing list in the world.  Some lists do have moderators.

@_date: 1997-12-17 13:54:42
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Comparing PGP to Symantec's Secret Stuff 
This is the first I've heard of a Blowfish based produce being approved for
export.  Since Blowfish has about 9 bits worth of protection against brute
force searches in its key schedule, this is about a 41 bit approval.  Does
anyone know of an export permit for a version of Blowfish with a key longer
than 32 bits?

@_date: 1997-12-21 15:28:21
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: ECB, CBC, CFB, OFB 
It should be point out that ECB is also subject to some spoofing attacks.
Blocks from one message encoded with a particular key can be substituted
for blocks in a different message encoded with the same key.  In a banking
system, this attack might allow the attacker to change the transaction
With any mode, encypherment is not a substitute for a message
authentication code.

@_date: 1997-12-22 15:54:41
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Why I Support Microsoft 
What I find most ironic about the whole Government/Microsoft thing it the
role the government had in helping Microsoft achieve its current market
position.  Early in the days of the IBM/PC, the government, along with many
major corporations, decided that the only desk top computers they bought
would be PCs.  There were many arguments about how they would save money by
having only one kind of system to support, and how by having multiple
suppliers, they would be able to buy hardware at competitive prices.
Well, one for two isn't bad.  The hardware is competitively priced.
However, the support costs are probably higher than competing systems (e.g.
What was left out of the analysis was the cost of the software.  The OS is
considerably more expensive than e.g. Linux.  (And it is a hidden cost,
bundled in with the hardware cost.)  Then there is the cost of being held
by the balls by a single company.
Now the government could rectify some of the damage they helped cause by
doing the same thing any other computer purchaser can do.  Specify
non-Microsoft products.  Require special internal justification to purchase
a Microsoft product.  Require all systems to use open (e.g. IETF)
standards.  Ensure that there are several viable suppliers in all phases of
the market by buying from all of them.  Instead, they try to hobble
I must admit to a guilty pleasure.  It couldn't happen to two nicer
organizations.  The Department of Justice and Microsoft.  It's almost the
same guilty pleasure I felt in watching the Iran-Iraq war.  They waste each
other's resources reducing their danger to the rest of us.  The only fly in
the ointment is that I am paying for one side of this war.

@_date: 1997-01-01 13:43:09
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice 
I would say that the street action which effectively eliminated legally
mandated racial segregation about 25 years ago qualifies as a revolution.
People certainly put their bodies, and occasionally their lives, on the
line for it.  It didn't happen because the political powers that be decided
to do it.  It happened because people mobbed in the streets and made it
The same argument applies to the actions which forced the withdrawal from
With the end of the cold war, and the ensuing reduction in need for the
entrenched national security establishment, we may be ripe for another one.
I personally hope our government will continue to show that it is civilized
by keeping the blood shed to a minimum.

@_date: 1997-01-01 13:43:31
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Internal Passports 
I don't see how you can have the SS number be both a public ID number and a
secret password.  Perhaps you could have it be one, but not both.  It seems
to me that parts of our society are trying have it be a password and parts
a public ID number.  (Perhaps the same parts?)  Doing both just won't work.
(Using SS as a password is subject to all the stealing and replay attacks
that make passwords a really bad idea for secure identification.)

@_date: 1997-01-01 13:45:16
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
There seems to some confusion about what I actually proposed.  (I never
seem to be able to write clearly the first time.)  Let me describe in more
detail my currently preferred token distribution system.
First some definitions:
  Majordomo - The rule based administrator for the list
  List administrator - The rule maker.  Also does the things majordomo can't.
  poster - someone who wants to post a message to the list
  list member - those who receive the list.
Token distribution works like this:  A poster desiring a token sends a
request to majordomo and includes a public key.  This request can be sent
thru a remailer chain.  Majordomo generates a token (think of it as a
secret key), encyphers it with the public key, and posts it to the list.
Note that the poster does not have to be subscribed to the list.  The token
can be recovered from the archives or from a reflector list.  (Thanks to
Tim May for the suggestion of this method of distribution.)
Now we have given poster an anonymous token.  Since tokens are good
forever, true anonymity requires a new token for each post.  Otherwise the
poster only has a pseudonym.  I consider this feature an advantage.
Since tokens are good forever, majordomo will only give out a limited
number per day.  I suggest four.  This limit will somewhat protect against
the attack Ray Arachelian pointed out of having one abusive user collect
10,000,000 tokens.
It is important to recognize the class of problems I am trying to solve.
While I would like to solve the sporadic "make money fast" spam problem, I
agree with Tim that, at today's levels, it is only an annoyance.  I also
agree that the drivel that comes from some of our more prolific posters is
best handled by filtering by the list members themselves.  (I currently
have 3 of them going directly to the trash.  Perhaps aga should get
kickbacks from Qualcomm.  He managed to sell a copy of EudoraPro.)
The problem I am really concerned with is denial of service attacks via
flooding.  With 1000 list members, each message to the list requires a lot
of resources to handle compared with the ones it requires to send.  This
fact gives an attacker a bit advantage.  Tokens are designed to enable
majordomo to recognize the source of messages and provide lower performance
reception to those who are sending a lot of messages.  This technique is
similar to the technique used by the Whitehouse mail system to limit
flooding attacks.  (And the idea came from a description of that system
posted here some months ago.)
Tokens would also give the list administrator a tool to discourage certain
posters.  If John Gillmore wanted to make it hard for Dimitri to post, he
could cancel Dimitri's token.  Dimitri could get another one (under a
different name if Majordomo's instructions prevented it from giving him
one), but John could continue the cancel the new ones.  (N.B. There is no
evidence that John actually wanted to keep Dimitri from posting.  This
example is only a hypothetical.)
Sandy suggests gateways (i.e. distributed moderators) to preserve
anonymity.  While I don't think they are needed to preserve anonymity, they
will be useful for those who can't or won't encrypt their posts.  It is
important to note here that anyone with a token can act as a gateway.
I was trying to make only small changes in the dynamics of the list.  As
such, the market based solutions are more radical than I was willing to
consider.  I would like to see a market based system in actual use, but
perhaps elsewhere.  The idea seems better fitted to Robert Hettinga's e$pam

@_date: 1997-01-01 20:54:20
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
I guess from reading Scott McGuire's message I should have described the
posting procedure as well as the token issuing procedure.  Here is what you
do to post:
Poster writes the post and include the token in the required place
(wherever that turns out to be).  Poster encrypt the message with the
list's secret key and sends it to the list.  Majordomo decrypts the
message, checks the token, and if the token check passes, sends the
plaintext of the message to the list members.
Important points:
(1) You do not need a secret key to post.  This feature allows you to post
from machines where you don't want to store your secret key ring.
(2) List members do not need PGP, only posters.
(3) People who want to post who can't due to local policy (e.g. no PGP)
have choices:
 (a) Get a real ISP and machine and become a first class citizen.
 (b) Send the post to someone who can post via private mail, explain
     the situation and ask to have it posted.
The principle reason for using PGP for posting is to protect the token from
theft.  I don't know a single-message, one-way protocol where a person can
show possession of a token without reveling it.  If there is such a
protocol, then PGP is no longer required.
David Molnar asks:
The bogeyman is flooding attack which make the list server effectivity
unavailable.  I have tried to preserve all the features he lists.

@_date: 1997-01-03 09:34:41
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Internal Passports 
Sorry for the confusion.  The "you" was meant in its plural form, and
probably should be replaced with "one".  If I understand your position
correctly, you would prefer to have no SS numbers (or Social Security
Sounds like the SS number is acting as a password which gives access to
privileges.  Or perhaps just a key which allows you to look up tokens in
public databases, which give access to privileges.  Either way, it needs to
be kept secret which is at odds with it acting as public person-ID number.

@_date: 1997-01-07 22:56:36
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Relative Strength of 40-bit Crypto Implementations 
A cypher with a long key setup schedule, such as Blowfish, would be more
resistant to brute force attacks.  (Blowfish requires 500+ encryptions to
set up the key schedule.  This should be similar to adding 9 bits to the
key size.)  While I think Blowfish is good in this respect, one must be
careful to avoid systems, such as DES, which are subject to Peter Trei's
"gray code" techniques.

@_date: 1997-01-07 22:58:19
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Sandy and I will run a cypherpunks "moderation" experiment  in Jan 
At 4:40 PM -0800 1/7/97, Greg Broiles asks:
An opportunity for somebody who doesn't already do enough programming.
As for the whole moderation idea, consider officially defining the list to
be "occasionally moderated".  If the abuse is bad, start moderating it.  If
there get to be few problems, stop moderating it.  (A separate issue is
whether to tell anyone which way the list is currently running.)

@_date: 1997-01-09 23:29:07
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: [IDEA] Cypherpunks Super Computer (was Re: The Upcoming DESChallenge) 
More of security API has hit the web site.  Java 1.1 has some crypto
primitives (exportable).  I also think it has a bignum package (but I am
not in a good position to check right now).  Info and download a few links
away from .

@_date: 1997-01-10 22:13:50
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: A vote of confidence for Sandy 
AMEN (as a short time subscriber).
If you need me as a moderator (if you need me, you are getting very
desperate), I will help.  However, I am going out of the country in two
weeks not to return until March 9, so stepping forward now is a bit silly.
Let me rant a bit about the "ideal" moderation structure.  Igor Chudov's
software lets people like Matt Blase and Bruce Schneier post whatever they
want.  (I would add people like Black Unicorn as well.  YMMV)  Other posts
go into a pool accessible to all moderators.  If one moderator approves,
the message goes out.  If N reject, it is rejected.  These rejections could
either be anonymous or be included in an x-moderators-rejecting: header for
the "worst of cypherpunks" list.

@_date: 1997-01-12 22:41:46
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: A vote of confidence for Sandy 
Igor, I must disagree with you in detail.  I believe that some of the
problem this list is experiencing is because one or more people wish to
destroy it.  They are attempting to fill this list with so much junk that
all the people who read it will go elsewhere.  In the recent past, they
have subscribed it to other high-volume mailing lists, and given its
address to direct marketers as a "person" interested in sales pitches.
Perhaps these people already feel they are being treated unfairly by the
management of the unmoderated list.
These people will be perfectly happy to forge the names of preapproved
posters to further their attack.  While I suggest that, if we have
preapproved posters, we should try it first without digital signatures, I
predict that forgeries will be used to get around this policy.
I note in passing that at least one person has threatened to, "KILL
cypherpunks !!!".

@_date: 1997-01-16 10:59:09
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Airport security [no such thing] 
About 3 years ago I went on an international flight with a large quantity
of 35mm film.  I had the film packed in my luggage inside a 50 caliber ammo
can (made out of steel).  When I glanced at the x-ray monitor as the bag
went through, I could plainly see the individual rolls of film inside the
ammo can.

@_date: 1997-01-16 11:00:51
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Newt's phone calls 
The 1935 communication act made it illegal to pass on what you had heard
when listening to certain radio services.  Listening was OK.  Telling
others wasn't.

@_date: 1997-01-19 13:44:33
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: KeyKOS related system lecture at Stanford 
I received the following from Jonathan.  Those of you who are interested in
KeyKOS should know that his system, EROS, is an architectural descendent of
I'll be giving a talk on Wednesday at Stanford in the EE380 seminar.
Details on the seminar can be found at
under 'winter 1996'.
The location and time are:
The basic structure of the talk will be:
I'm still working on the talk, so the order may get rearranged.
Hope to some or all of you there.

@_date: 1997-01-19 13:44:45
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Sandy and the Doc 
I hope if such a system is set up, people who use it will realize that
email is not 100% reliable.  Just because algebra.com sent mail to
toad.com, doesn't mean that toad.com actually received it.  A small
fraction of a percent of these messages will be lost.

@_date: 1997-01-19 13:44:49
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: GSM crypto upgrade? (was Re: Newt's phone calls) 
It is not clear you need signatures in the secure phone case.  Eric
Blossom's 3DES uses straight DH for key exchange with verbal verification
that both ends are using the same key.  As long as the man in the middle
can't imitate a familiar voice, this procedure is reasonably secure.
I agree that signatures of some kind are needed to identify the phone to
the cell company to prevent an all too familiar technique of stealing phone
service.  But this protection would not be a 3rd party cell phone upgrade.

@_date: 1997-01-20 08:26:27
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Server Authentication 
I recently came aware of an interesting problem in server authentication.
I.e. How does a browser plugin validate the server it is working for.
There are many reasons for a plugin to want to validate its web server
including contractual relations, but the one that most appeals to me is
that the plugin provides access to confidential data which is used in an
application distributed between the client machine and the server.  Since
the data is confidential, the plugin doesn't want to send it to just any
server who can serve up a web page in the correct format, so it needs to
authenticate the server.
Now the obvious way to validate the server would be through the
certificates exchanged when the SSL session was set up.  (I am assuming a
SSL session here because you shouldn't send confidential data over a
non-encrypted link.)  However, I haven't found an API where the plugin can
discover the certificate used by the server, so it appears you have to roll
your own.
Rolling your own seems to come up against the problem mentioned by the
IPSEC people, i.e. if you separate authentication and encryption the places
you can end up are:
(1) Encrypted and authenticated.
(2) Encrypted but not authenticated.
(3) Not encrypted and subject to a man in the middle authentication attack.
(i.e. If an IP router can route your authentication packets, so can one
running Mallory's special code.  In the case above, the hostile server acts
as a router for authentication.)
(4) Unauthenticated and unencrypted.
Does anyone have a solution to this authentication problem?
Are signed applets discriminating enough to differentiate between different
validated hosts and adjust local permissions differently (at the file level
at least) for each?  (Or is it more like, "Oh this applet is from
marketspam.com which is signed by the US Post Office, it can read or write
anything on the machine."  Yea, right :-( )

@_date: 1997-01-20 11:33:38
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Sandy and the Doc 
About 9 months ago, I lost somewhere between 50 and 100 email messages
because they were written to a disk with a corrupted file system.  Now
failures of this kind may be in the category of "catastrophic disk
failure", but in my unfortunate experience, they are not all that uncommon.
Note that since I lost multiple messages due to one failure, tests of the
form, "Once is happenstance, twice coincidence, three or more is
conspiracy" might say, "conspiracy" even for just one failure.  The chances
of this test criteria error increase for frequent posters.
At 4:02 AM -0800 1/20/97, Toto asked:
See the above discussion of disk failure.

@_date: 1997-01-20 11:35:09
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: GSM crypto upgrade? (was Re: Newt's phone calls) 
I have not seen the production box, I am going from my memory of Eric's
preproduction description at a meeting last spring.  I hope someone who
knows what they are talking about will butt in here if I am wrong.
The box has a 3 or 4 digit display which displays "something" about the
3DES key, where "something" is some of the bits, or a hash, or ...  With 3
decimal digits, a MIM attacker has a 999 out of 1000 chance of getting

@_date: 1997-01-20 13:42:20
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: GSM crypto upgrade? (was Re: Newt's phone calls) 
I have not seen the production box, I am going from my memory of Eric's
preproduction description at a meeting last spring.  I hope someone who
knows what they are talking about will butt in here if I am wrong.
The box has a 3 or 4 digit display which displays "something" about the
3DES key, where "something" is some of the bits, or a hash, or ...  With 3
decimal digits, a MIM attacker has a 999 out of 1000 chance of getting

@_date: 1997-01-20 13:42:52
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Sandy and the Doc 
About 9 months ago, I lost somewhere between 50 and 100 email messages
because they were written to a disk with a corrupted file system.  Now
failures of this kind may be in the category of "catastrophic disk
failure", but in my unfortunate experience, they are not all that uncommon.
Note that since I lost multiple messages due to one failure, tests of the
form, "Once is happenstance, twice coincidence, three or more is
conspiracy" might say, "conspiracy" even for just one failure.  The chances
of this test criteria error increase for frequent posters.
At 4:02 AM -0800 1/20/97, Toto asked:
See the above discussion of disk failure.

@_date: 1997-07-02 14:56:11
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Degaussing 
It works better if you also expose it to the heat and blast.  :-)
In all seriousness, complete physical destruction of the media is the only
sure technique.  Lucky Green's sandblasting sounds like it should work
well.  Melting it into slag should also work.

@_date: 1997-07-08 13:18:14
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Dr. Dobbs Cryptography and Security CD-ROM 
You will have to decide for yourself how important the extra "convenience"
of an electronic copy is compared with the publisher's stated intent to
"never do this again" if it is posted.  It is a simple case of future
benefit vs. immediate gratification.

@_date: 1997-07-11 14:21:48
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: The Recent Trend in "Collective Contracts" 
It is especially bogus since it is not clear that the government isn't a
net winner between reduced social security and pension payments, and the
extra income from tobacco taxes.

@_date: 1997-07-15 22:54:05
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: hand-held computers Re: Electronic commerce has long way to go 
I believe at least the Macintosh version of Metroworks supports C cross
compiles for the Pilot.

@_date: 1997-07-16 12:03:36
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Making Imaginary Sex Illegal 
We have government approved gambling with terrible odds already.  This
sounds like the next logical step.

@_date: 1997-07-16 12:07:57
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Making Imaginary Sex Illegal 
Well, for a start, you can save evidence of the steps you took in making
the images.  If you are combining images (adult actors for the X stuff, and
children for the faces etc.) then save the original images and some of the
rejected intermediate images.  If you are drawing from scratch (e.g. using
paint and brush), save the sketches, and perhaps also photos of the
intermediate stages of the final image.
Given a rational legal system (Yea, I know), these steps should give a
complete defense against the charge that you abused children in making the

@_date: 1997-07-17 15:28:23
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: The Censorware Summit: A Preview, from The Netly News 
What does misrate mean.  My approach would be to rate everything of mine as
max-bad.  Is that misrating because some of what I say is suitable for
children?  It certainly would not help the people who are using the ratings
to find porn.

@_date: 1997-07-18 00:34:18
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Verisign gets export approval 
It seems to me that someone who has a one year export approved Verisign
cert should use it to authenticate a new top-level CA cert which they pass
to their customers.  Cut Verisign and their nosy/noisy partner out of the

@_date: 1997-07-19 14:59:35
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Something of Interest (fwd) 
I got a copy as well.  My headers were:
Return-Path: Received: from tcs_gateway1.treas.gov (tcs-gateway1.treas.gov [204.151.245.2])
id QAA11850
Received: by tcs_gateway1.treas.gov id
  (InterLock SMTP Gateway 3.0 for frantz at netcom.com);
  Fri, 18 Jul 1997 19:10:08 -0400
Received: by tcs_gateway1.treas.gov (Internal Mail Agent-2);
  Fri, 18 Jul 1997 19:10:08 -0400
Received: by tcs_gateway1.treas.gov (Internal Mail Agent-1);
  Fri, 18 Jul 1997 19:10:08 -0400
Received: by tcs_gateway1.treas.gov (Internal Mail Agent-0);
  Fri, 18 Jul 1997 19:10:08 -0400
Message-Id: <199707171630.MAA02739 at net.insp.irs.gov>

@_date: 1997-07-22 13:03:14
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Privacy: Law, Custom, and Technology 
As far as I can tell, law, custom, and technology are the three ways we
have to protect our privacy.  Cypherpunks are well aware of the
technological options, so I won't discuss them further except to note that
they probably are not, by themselves, enough.
Law has also been discussed, including the European privacy laws and
similar laws which have been proposed for the US.  One good thing about the
European mindset on privacy is that it seems to include resistance to legal
suppression of privacy technology.
The last is custom.  This approach appears in cypherpunk discussions as an
emphasis on contractual relations between people and the organizations
receiving data.  It is this area I would like to discuss.
What makes a good privacy contract?  What should you expect when you buy
something?  What is the standard contract?  What exceptions must be clearly
noted?  How does society decide these cultural issues?
I strongly believe in standard contracts because they greatly reduce
transaction costs.  Where the parties need different terms, they can
negotiate exceptions.  However, we do not have standard privacy contracts
which match our new communication and database technologies.  We don't even
have a good public debate on the issues involved.
Unfortunately, it seems that the only way to raise these issues to the
radar scope of the news media/public is to have some congresscritter
propose a law.  Even more unfortunately, said law usually preempts people's
right to contract with each other, rather than just setting a framework for
the contract negotiations.  There must be a better way.

@_date: 1997-07-23 15:27:20
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Privacy: Law, Custom, and Technology 
I'm not sure I agree that the evolution of custom can not be accelerated.
If we actively discuss the proper limits to use of private information, are
we not accelerating the development of consensus about what are reasonable
policies.  It is precisely the lack of such discussion, and the lack of
trust that accompanies it that leaves us in the situation we find ourselves
in; between the well defined Netiquette of the ARPANET days, and whatever
our commercial net will evolve.
There are a lot of choices.  For example:
(1) Don't remember anything about me as an individual.
(2) Don't share any individual data.
(3) Feel free to share, but leave my name off.
(4) Sell the data, but give me a piece of the action.
I can imagine that any of these will be acceptable to some people.

@_date: 1997-07-24 00:45:01
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Privacy: Law, Custom, and Technology 
It is this kind of attitude I wish to encourage thru custom, certainly not law.
When I was in Malasia, I saw signs in many stores which said in effect, In
accordance with Islamic law, we offer fair prices.  My experience with
prices in stores with these signs is that they were lower than in some of
the other stores.
A similar approach could evolve for network sites.  A sign saying that we
follow the US Chamber of Commerce's code on fair information practices
could easily evolve.  My questions are, what should that code contain?
And, how many different codes do we need?

@_date: 1997-07-24 13:30:50
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Fw: Cops, Spies Fail to Slow Crypto Bill 
I can't resist.  "When crypto is outlawed, only outlaws will have crypto."
However, in the case of crypto, essentially all terrorists, child
pornographers, big-time drug dealers, and big-time money launderers will
have and use it.
To try to redeem myself for yielding to temptation let me offer the
following scenario:
It is sometime in the year 2002.  The GAK crowd has achieved its wildest
wet dream, and all development of non-GAKed crypto stopped in 1998.  All
the standard computer software uses GAKed crypto.
Let us further assume that US Airframes Inc. (USAI) is in heavy competition
with French Wings Inc. to build the next generation of passenger airplanes.
The competition is so heavy that the respective governments are doing all
they can to provide under-the-table help to their national champions.  This
certainly includes playing the GAK card and decrypting every communication
they can get their hands on.
Now assume you are the security manager of USAI.  Your job is to ensure the
confidentiality of communications between your branch offices and
headquarters in the US.  You get (perhaps from someone who enjoys child
pornography) a copy of PGP which was saved on some forgotten CDROM backup
dating from 1997.  You share your copy with headquarters and the branch
offices, generate key pairs, and validate their MD5 hashes through some
offline protocol.  Now all really sensitive traffic is encrypted with PGP
and then sent through the standard GAK crypto.
Now consider the problem of the French Government.  The only way they can
know you are using illegal crypto is to decrypt the GAKed outer layer.  If
they arrest you for using illegal crypto, they have blown their covert
monitoring.  The US government will make a big international incident about
this misuse of GAK and impose a special tariff on French wine.  If the
French keep quiet, you can continue to use PGP.
This is the classic dilemma of covert decryption.  Kahn describes is well
in "The Code Breakers".  It also applies to the four horsemen.  If the
government arrests someone for illegal crypto, the whole organization knows
that part of the operation has attracted government attention, and can
change their communications and/or have those people take a vacation to
cool off.

@_date: 1997-07-26 13:00:01
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: CDT, RSACi, and "public service" groups (1/3) 
This question is easy to answer.  By being publicly available, they are ALL
offering public services.  Therefore they are all free from
mandatory/voluntary ratings.

@_date: 1997-06-03 13:52:42
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Webpage picketing?... 
Use the same techniques as the anonymoizing web proxies.  They re-form the
URLs in web page links, so you always go thru the proxy.

@_date: 1997-06-03 14:01:29
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Comments on the Macintosh 
Hi Vinnie.  I'm with Tim on this one.  While I have strong feelings about
locking up people, I have no compunctions at all about locking up
program-instances.  If I can contain the instances, and especially keep
them limited in their file access, I can do a bunch to control viruses and
other nasties.  (BTW - Linux, like all Unixes is piss poor at limiting file
system access.)
Best Regards - Bill

@_date: 1997-06-04 13:29:31
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: [OFF-TOPIC] Naming systems... 
There is also a namespace collapse problem in China.  They have a
patrilineal family naming convention much like the one that is common in
the USA.  However the naming system has been stable for thousands of years.
In that time, some names have died out (only girl babies).  They somewhat
avoid the associated namespace collision problem by being imaginative with
given names.
To avoid namespace collapse, you need to continually introduce new names.
If Iceland didn't limit given names, the problem would go away.  For
example: I know a Catnip Echoridge Fredrick.  I bet Catnipsson would expand
the namespace.

@_date: 1997-06-04 13:34:02
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: McVeigh 
This is an important point.  When you kill people, you make implacable
enemies.  Consider the SF Bay area rescue team that is still trying to
learn how to live with the memory of the mangled bodies they found Oklahoma
City.  They hate the person(s) responsible for the bombing and they did not
even have relatives killed there.
If you at least avoid killing people, then you have fewer bitter enemies
and a better chance of holding on to your winnings.  The examples of
Gandhi, King, and Mandala come to mind.  Contrast their success with the
results of the violence approach as exemplified by the generations old wars
in Ireland and Israel.
For cypherpunks this comes down to: Make code, not bombs.

@_date: 1997-06-05 14:31:15
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: [CONTROVERSIAL]: A Defense of Terrorism 
Right.  They have their land back.  And they have peace on that land.  Sure.
They certainly could have not done much worse had the followed Gandhi and
King with massive civil disobedience.  Civil disobedience has a pretty good
track record when used against civilized countries.  (I wouldn't recommend
it in present-day China or Nazi Germany.)
Probably because there wasn't much domestic support for our staying there.
The same comment applies to the British leaving Palestine.  IMHO, the
situation is quite different when the disagreement is civil-war in nature,
as it is in northern Ireland, Palestine/Israel, and the USA.  Neither side
is likely to get tired and go home.  The only long-term solution is to
learn to live together.

@_date: 1997-06-05 14:36:27
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Spam costs and questions 
At 12:45 PM -0700 6/4/97, Declan McCullagh asked:
I don't think the costs of the 1-3 spam messages I get each day is
significant.  (But I don't post to Usenet.)
Can you say regulatory arbitrage?  The current social controls on spam are
good enough that no one with any positive reputation wants to have anything
to do with it.  This means that spammers have to use anonymous offshore
answering services.  The widespread hatred of spam and spammers should keep
the total amount under control without the legal action and in spite of the
very low cost of spamming.
The recent problems Spamford has been having with denial of service attacks
is just one example of the social control process.  The flood of hostile
email spammers who include real email addresses receive are another.
Legitimate commercial email does not evoke these strong reactions.

@_date: 1997-06-05 15:35:02
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: [CONTROVERSIAL]: A Defense of Terrorism 
I'm glad the Indians aren't acting on that precept.  (But in the past they
did act and got their asses whooped real good.  That's why we can say, "We
stole it fair and square.")
More generally, if you haven't set foot on the land, and your father never
set foot on the land, and so on, then trade and perhaps even friendship
with whoever currently is on the land may be a better deal than poverty,
blood, and death.  YMMV, however you should not let religion/ideology/hate
blind you to your long term rational self interest.
I do agree with Tim that some things are worth fighting and even dieing
for, but they should always be examined in terms of long term rational self
interest.  (If you're going to die anyway, then take enough of them with
you to make a proper escort into paradise.  If the nazi-commies are
enslaving your country, then by all means take up arms in its defense.
IMHO, in northern Ireland and Palestine/Israel all the continued fighting
promises is poverty, blood, and death.  Accepting that possession is 100%
of the law would let everyone live a better life (except the politicos who
feed on hate).

@_date: 1997-06-05 23:55:56
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: IRS Hit 
A drop in the bucket for the IRS.  Now if the agent personally had to pay,
there might be some deterent value.  (I note that a 1983 case still has not
been payed.)

@_date: 1997-06-05 23:58:41
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: McVeigh? Nimrods..... 
It is my contention that, in the present circumstances, bombs are not
effective devices for ending the corrupt tyrannical government which rules
us.  They are much more likely to make enemies for "our cause" than they
are to physically stop the government.  Does the phrase, "Bomb throwing
anarchist" give you the feeling of hero, or of villain?  Most people will
answer villain, and killing people is not likely to change their minds.

@_date: 1997-06-07 01:09:49
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: TV Commercial 
Well, the Japanese managed to keep secure communications when sneeking up
on Pearl Harbor, and I assume they used something similar for ship-to-ship
communications.  Narrow beam, and everyone who can receive is in sight is

@_date: 1997-06-11 00:21:49
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Fraud and free speech 
The only justification I can think of off hand is that a presumption of
truth may make for more efficient markets.  On the other hand, it also has
very bad effects when applied to political speech.

@_date: 1997-06-12 00:18:44
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Feds have lost battle against encryption 
There is an editorial in the June 11 San Jose Mercury News titled, "Feds
have lost battle against encryption".  It mentions the Sun/Elvis+ deal, and
representative Goodlatte's bill.  It says, "Government warriors should pack
up their rusty cannons, admit that they've lost this battle, and learn to
live in the 1990s."  It speaks favorably of increased sentencing for
criminal use of encryption.  It says the bill does not go far enough in
removing export controls.
Try  for a copy.  (I haven't looked, so no guarantees.)

@_date: 1997-06-12 23:37:44
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Photo ID is not needed for key signings.... 
IMHO - What you are really signing is the binding between the data
associated with the key (usually an email address) and the key.  You are
saying that the secret key holder is (one of the) person(s) who has access
to that account, and not some man in the middle in the middle.  If you ask
to see Lucky Green's, or Futplex's, or Black Unicorn's picture ID, you will
either see a forgery or an ID issued by an organization not interested in
birth certificates.

@_date: 1997-06-13 13:25:36
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Photo ID is not needed for key signings.... 
My answer was a pure SPKI answer.  As a first approximation, in SPKI your
identity is your key.  Meatspace doesn't enter into it at all.  This avoids
the naming problem of meatspace (i.e. Which John Smith).
Much of the problem with PGP key signing is there is no complete agreement
on what it means.  I chose to have it mean that there verification of the
binding between the data associated with the key and the key.
If you have a version of the key with no signatures, then you can change
the data field and re-sign with the associated secret key.  Since the data
field has changed, you properly need to have others re-verify the validity
of the binding.

@_date: 1997-06-13 14:35:04
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Flag Burning... 
When I was in Boy Scouts, they taught us that the only proper way to
dispose of a flag which was worn beyond use was to burn it.

@_date: 1997-06-14 00:24:25
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Photo ID is not needed for key signings.... 
So if John Doe wants to be known as "president at whitehouse.gov" or "Tim May
" all he has to do is change the field, and upload the
changed key to the key servers, and all the signatures should remain good?

@_date: 1997-06-14 01:06:15
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: FUCK YOU: There's no general right to privacy -- get over it,from Netly 
You can also lie, frequently the most convenient option, and according to
surveys, frequently used with nosy web sites.

@_date: 1997-06-17 15:43:11
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Declan as a Budding Washington Insider 
All reporters should carefully consider the example of I. F. Stone.

@_date: 1997-06-20 10:58:25
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Senate panel nixes ProCODE II, approves McCain-Kerrey bill 
There is still the fact the "Escrow Agent" is a target of opportunity.  I
don't worry about the government reading my tax return, but I certainly
want it kept confidential from everyone else.

@_date: 1997-06-26 15:14:04
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: How did these people find our list? 
Speaking as a parent, the best defense is to be able to discuss the
information your children receive with them.  Your opinion will carry a lot
of weight.  If you say that nice people don't spend their time looking at
photos of naked people, well they are very likely to believe you and act on
that belief.  However, remember that children have a very sensitive
hypocrisy meter.  You better live your own beliefs.

@_date: 1997-06-27 13:42:37
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Comparing Cryptographic Key Sizes II 
I'm not worried about the journalist-with-a-clue.  I am worried about Joe
citizen (the restless "sheepie").  I believe deep in my heart that if Joe
citizen understood the issue, he'd say, "No way am I going to let some
government bastard paw through my personal business."  Based on this
belief, I applaud Adam's attempt to explain the crypto issues in simple

@_date: 1997-07-01 01:08:35
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Rep. Lofgren on McCain/Kerrey (good. long.) 
To get elected in America, you have to give the voters someone to hate.
Back 10 years ago, it was criminals, then it was wetbacks, now it is
pornographers (and tobacco companies).  Hate is just so much better as a
motivating force than good government (whatever "good" is).

@_date: 1997-07-01 12:34:54
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: The Hate Minute 
Actually the story that comes to my mind is by the TV personality Steve
Allen, and if I remember correctly called, "The Hating".  The then accepted
form of capitol punishment is to tie the perp to a stake in the middle of
Yankee Stadium.  A cheerleader gets the assembled crowd to hate - Hate -
HATE, and their psychic energy burns the perp thru telekinesis.  Quite a
chilling short story.  (Also quite old.  Telekinesis was then still
considered hard science fiction.)

@_date: 1997-07-01 12:39:32
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Marc Andreessen on encryption and CDA 
At least we can point to the Supreme Court CDA decision which called the
net a medium worthy of the highest level of First Amendment protection.
(Putting on my optimist hat.)

@_date: 1997-07-01 13:31:43
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Dr. Dobbs Cryptography and Security CD-ROM 
It might also be a nice gesture if the parts of the CDROM available outside
the US were not posted.

@_date: 1997-03-28 12:48:33
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Microsoft ammunition 
The author misses the point.  Whether your personal files are stored on a
local disk or on a server doesn't matter.  What matters is whether random
downloaded code (again, Java or ActiveX doesn't matter) can use your
authority to read/modify those files.  The ActiveX model of, "It's signed
by XYZ Corp.  Of course it's safe." is so much bullshit.*  The Java
approach of running untrusted code in a safe box is better, but doing it by
validating the safety of object code requires trusting a large complex
* See Norm Hardy's paper, "The Confused Deputy", which I believe is still
available through the EROS page at the University of Pennsylvania.

@_date: 1997-03-30 13:06:12
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Microsoft ammunition 
Lucky - Thanks for your kind words.  And for my usual plug:  Those
interested in KeyKOS ideas in a system which runs on "PC Compatible"
hardware should look at Jonathan Shapiro's EROS system being developed at
the University of Pennsylvania.

@_date: 1997-05-03 15:37:26
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: SAFE Bill discussion 
There may be something in the view that there are enough laws already on
the books that if government agents want to give you grief, they can find a
way.  Adding another one is minor compared with preventing crypto
restrictions via executive order.  (How many laws did you break today?
Since I drove a car, I broke at least one.  With respect for the law gone,
the law has only fear, and that's a function of enforcement, and subject to
economic realities.)  YMMV.
Of course, getting rid of these kinds of laws is a project which is long
overdue starting and not adding new ones would be a good start.  (But
that's another rant.)

@_date: 1997-05-03 15:38:44
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Bypassing the Digicash Patents 
As Ian Goldberg has shown, you don't need blinding to meet the Digicash
online protocol.  Of course it is not anonymous, but it is a bearer

@_date: 1997-05-03 15:41:08
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: digital cc transactions, digital checks vs real digital cash 
Carlsen Subaru in Palo Alto has signs in their sales offices notifying
people that their agreement with their bank prevents them from taking
credit cards in payment for cars.

@_date: 1997-05-05 21:41:40
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Bypassing the Digicash Patents 
An exception may be for businesses like all-night gas stations, where
robbery is a significant cost of doing business.

@_date: 1997-05-08 12:34:18
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Spam Update/Cyber Promo attacked 
At 10:39 AM -0700 5/7/97, Robert Hettinga forwarded:
It is quite obvious to anyone who cares to give it even a moment's thought
that the currently installed Internet Protocols are still in the age of
cooperative communicators.  While some work, e.g. DNSSEC, has addressed
part of this problem, the bulk of it remains.
Now, if we could only go back 30 years and give C a reasonable string
model, we might be able to eliminate 50% of the known holes in Unix

@_date: 1997-05-15 01:36:34
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Eternity server considerations and musings 
Obviously you need to stego your message in a post that passes the
automatic censor.  The important question is what is the minimum data
expansion you can get away with?  I see an "arms race" in the making.

@_date: 1997-05-15 01:51:00
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Enough of this shit already! 
IMHO these spams are the reason people have been leaving the list, not the
political discussions (Perry excepted).
Note that the bomb making information has revealed nothing more than what a
good encyclopedia should have.  To go from explosives information to bomb
making recipes requires a good deal more information, e.g. about safety.

@_date: 1997-05-16 00:59:20
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: SAFE vote and cutting crypto-deals, report from HouseJudiciary 
During a hall discussion at CFP, I heard that people at NSA are changing
their opinions about the use of strong crypto in the general community.
The reason is the threat of InfoWar and the need for strong crypto in
general use to secure the US information infrastructure.

@_date: 1997-05-16 01:03:24
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Anarchy Books 
For anarchy in a fictional setting I recommend two books by Ursula K.
LeGuin.  "The Dispossessed" and "Always Coming Home".
In a lecture several years ago in San Francisco, she said of the two books
that in "The Dispossessed" I set out to describe an anarchy.  In "Always
Coming Home" I just let it happen.
BTW - When I read "Always Coming Home", I was over half-way thru the book
before I had any idea of what it was about.  Be prepared for a long period
of confusion as to why you are reading it.

@_date: 1997-05-16 16:06:44
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: NSA _likes_ strong crypto? 
I believe that the person who made this statement shares the standard
cyperpunk definition of "strong crypto".  I.e. Unbreakable before the heat
death of the universe.
IMHO, this view comes from the fact that most foreign government and
international terrorist communication is already strongly encrypted, so
having strong systems in wider use does very little to reduce NSA's
intelligence gathering abilities.  (See "Secret Power, New Zealand's role
in the international spy network" by Nicky Hager for evidence supporting
this view.)  Since part of NSA's job is to defend the USA against foreign
enemies, this faction has decided that the benefits of widespread strong
crypto outweigh the costs, a very cypherpunk view.
To go even further out on a limb, there may be a NSA faction that worries
about the inevitable weakness that GAK inserts in any crypto system.  NSA
was badly burned by the weaknesses in Clipper.
I am speaking of a faction within NSA.  They may represent the agencies
position and have been shot down by the White House, or they may have lost
within the agency.  We have no way of knowing which.  (Do we?)

@_date: 1997-05-21 12:54:32
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Hacked, Trashed and Out of Beer 
Gee, your server sure wants to send a lot of cookies.  I consider receiving
a cookie before getting a statement, or being able to guess (e.g. WEB
shopping), about their use to be an unfriendly act.

@_date: 1997-05-22 12:22:32
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Cypherpunk criminalization 
I expect Kent is right.  Fixing the problem is a bit like closing tax
loopholes, as soon as you close the ones people are using, a lot of very
smart, motivated people start looking for new ones.  In the case of
personal power, the same thing happens.  You have a revolution (peaceful*
or otherwise) and the power relationships get stirred up and there is
enough looseness in the system so people can breath freely.  Then the power
hungry start learning how to work the new system and the looseness goes
away and you are back, more or less where you started.  I think Thomas
Jefferson said something about this.
* Peaceful revolutions since 1950 in the USA: (1) Civil Rights/Vietnam war
- Civil disobedience and reasoned argument changed the moral compass of the
nation over the opposition of the bureaucracy, congress, and the president.
(2) Repeal of the federal 55 MPH speed limit.  Massive law breaking caused
the politicians to support an issue over the massed opposition of the
bureaucrats and beltway bandits.

@_date: 1997-05-29 02:07:31
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Judge bans Internet gambling company from operating in Missouri 
I object to the state, providing addictive substances/experiences when
private enterprise could do the job.  If they are against addiction, then
they should set a good example.

@_date: 1997-05-29 02:33:47
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Nym Servers 
At least nsa.gov won't spam the addresses they've grabbed.

@_date: 1997-11-04 14:52:48
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Copyright commerce and the street musician protocol 
A couple of real-world examples to go with your (good) ideas:
* Richard Stallman gives away the software, but sells the support.  This
technique has the perverse incentive for the author to make the software
require support.
* The Grateful Dead permitted taping at their concerts and did not object
to the non-commercial exchange of the tapes.  It is hard to tell whether
they made most of their money from performances or from sales of
recordings.  In general musicians can make money from live performance.
(Song writers have a different problem, more like that of poets.)
BTW - Marc Steigler tells me he has had a story accepted at Analog (but not
yet published) called something like, "The future of (eat more cheetos)
Cheers - Bill

@_date: 1997-11-04 14:55:17
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Clinton's Bigger Gun Ban 
As a tree-hugging, peacenick, gun lover, I would have loved to hear the

@_date: 1997-11-05 14:30:08
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Taxing Churches for their views? Bad idea. 
You might be able to define campaign spending limits in terms of
qualifications for the job.  (I think it would take a constitutional
amendment for federal office holders).  Then you might see the amusing
sight of, e.g. the anti-Clinton people spending heavily on pro-Clinton TV
spots to force Clinton to be disqualified from the job.
Another way which should appeal to the property owner's rights crowd would
be to say that since the 1034 Communications Act says that the airways
belong to the people (i.e. the government), they may not be used for
political advertising more than 6 weeks before an election.  The spread of
private systems such as cable will frustrate this direction.
Please note, I don't advocate either of these "solutions".  I am just
amused to think about them.

@_date: 1997-11-06 01:46:28
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Privacy Software 
Think about it for a minute.  randseed.bin is a place to store entropy.
Entropy is about uncertainty.  If I do a reversible transform (e.g.
encrypt) to randseed.bin, I still recover the entropy without reversing
(e.g. decrypting) the transform.

@_date: 1997-11-12 01:30:26
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: WARNING: Serious Pentium Bug 
I saw an announcement of an Internet Explorer V4 bug where URLs longer than
256 bytes could cause the browser to execute arbitrary machine code.....

@_date: 1997-11-14 16:05:09
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Mad as Hell 
A minor point.  The gas chamber has been declared a cruel and unusual
punishment.  We use lethal injection now.

@_date: 1997-11-19 02:05:30
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Judge Marilyn Patel 
The San Jose Mercury News reports that Judge Patel has been promoted to
Chief Judge of the Northern District of California.  It lists some of her
decisions as:
* The first judge to declare illegal the WW2 internment of Japanese-Americans
* The gas chamber is a cruel and unusual punishment.
Given the way these high profile decisions have been upheld on appeal, we
can hope for the Burnstein case to be upheld as well.

@_date: 1997-11-19 14:29:00
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Report on UN conference on Internet and racism 
It is still grinding thru the courts.  Governor Pete Wilson is still
pushing the cut off.

@_date: 1997-10-01 23:21:05
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Why? (fwd) 
Black Unicorn uses a nym to express opinions he expects his coworkers and
acquaintances would not like.  Anonymous remailers can be used for the same
purpose.  I have heard of people's posts being brought up in employment
interviews.  A rational person might want to express controversial opinions

@_date: 1997-10-02 01:03:13
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Secure HTTP servers. 
Stronghold is available internationally (  Also Netscape
and Microsoft have secure HTTP servers with weak encryption in the export
versions.  I noticed that Lonely Planet in Australia was running Stronghold.

@_date: 1997-10-02 23:11:08
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Why? (fwd) 
You see my stand in the .sig below.  (Hint, it is my "true name".)
However, I am willing to admit that others may see it differently and want
to use remailers.

@_date: 1997-10-02 23:20:02
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: "Show me an example of terrorists using the Internet orcrypto" 
When I was on my high school rifle team, I thought the one purpose of guns
was to poke holes in a piece of paper closer to the center of the
bull's-eye than the other team could.

@_date: 1997-10-06 13:35:38
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: New PGP "Everything the FBI ever dreamed of" 
I wonder if it can handle the following:
(1) Encrypt real message (e.g. use PGP or Entrust).
(1a) Strip the headers.
(2) UUEncode the message.
(3) Encrypt the message with the corporate system including CAK.
(4) Send it thru the SMTP server.

@_date: 1997-10-06 14:21:24
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Stronghold (fwd) 
Relax Jim.  It's just evidence that Dimitri has learned to use remailers.

@_date: 1997-10-07 00:40:13
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Secure phone 
Of course if you can use PGP as well as the secure phone, you can use PGP
to exchange a pad of one-time passwords.
Are you really willing to discuss with Tim that suitcase you're planning on
bringing to the states.  :-)

@_date: 1997-10-07 00:45:33
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: russia_1.html 
I think this comment is in error.  Plutonium has a half life on the order
of 250,000 years, so very little decay products would build up in 6 years.
The tritium used in thermonuclear weapons has a much shorter half life, and
would need to be replaced about that often.

@_date: 1997-10-07 14:52:43
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Bill Of No Rights 
I thought you would enjoy:
---------- Forwarded message begins here ----------
Bill Of No Rights
The following was written by State Representative Mitchell Kaye from
Cobb County, GA
We, the sensible people of the United States, in an attempt to help
everyone get along, restore some semblance of justice, avoid any more
riots, keep our nation safe, promote positive behavior and secure the
blessings of debt-free liberty to ourselves and our great-great-great
grandchildren, hereby try one more time to ordain and establish some
common sense guidelines for the terminally whiny,  guilt-ridden
delusional and other liberal, commie, pinko bedwetters.  We hold these
truths to be self-evident, that a whole lot of people were confused by
the Bill of Rights and are so dim that they require a Bill of No
ARTICLE I: You do not have the right to a new car, big screen TV or any
other form of wealth. More power to you if you can legally acquire them,
but no one is guaranteeing anything.
ARTICLE II: You do not have the right to never be offended. This country
is based on freedom, and that means freedom for everyone - not just you!
You may leave the room, turn the channel, express a different opinion,
etc., but the World is full of idiots, and probably always will be.
ARTICLE III: You do not have the right to be free from harm. If you
stick a screwdriver in your eye, learn to be more careful, do not expect
the tool manufacturer to make you and all your relatives independently
ARTICLE IV: You do not have the right to free food and housing.
Americans are the most charitable people to be found, and will gladly
help anyone in need, but we are quickly growing weary of subsidizing
generation after generation of professional couch potatoes who achieve
nothing more than the creation of another generation of professional
couch potatoes.
ARTICLE V: You do not have the right to free health care. That would be
nice, but from the looks of public housing, we're just not interested in
health care.
ARTICLE VI: You do not have the right to physically harm other people.
If  you kidnap, rape, intentionally maim or kill someone, don't be
surprised if the rest of us want to see you fry in the electric chair.
ARTICLE VII: You do not have the right to the possessions of others.  If
you rob, cheat or coerce away the goods or services of other citizens,
don't be surprised if the rest of us get together and lock you away in a
place where you still won't have the right to a big-screen color TV or a
life of leisure.
ARTICLE VII: You don't have the right to demand that our children risk
their lives in foreign wars to soothe your aching conscience. We hate
oppressive governments and won't lift a finger to stop you from going to
fight if  you'd like. However, we do not enjoy parenting the entire world
and do not want to spend so much of our time battling each and every
little tyrant with a military uniform and a funny hat.
ARTICLE VIII: You don't have the right to a job. All of us sure want all
of  you to have one, and will gladly help you along in hard times, but we
expect you to take advantage of the opportunities of education and
vocational training laid before you to make yourself useful.
 ARTICLE IX: You do not have the right to happiness. Being an American
means that you have the right to pursue happiness - which by the way, is
a lot easier if you are unencumbered by an overabundance of idiotic laws
created by those of you who were confused by the Bill of Rights.

@_date: 1997-10-07 14:52:45
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Secure phone 
One simple possibility is to send out ten word groups.  Use each group only
once.  Use the words to encode the key hash display.

@_date: 1997-10-08 01:17:23
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: [LONG, off-topic]] Interactive Programming 
Peter - Thanks for a trip down nostalgia road.
Ah, the third machine I programmed in machine language was a LGP-30.  It
brings back fond memories of the not so good old days.
My first machine, the IBM 650 had this feature.  The last one I saw was in
a technical museum in Vienna.

@_date: 1997-10-08 13:07:14
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: What's really in PGP 5.5? 
Jon clearly states one half of the problem here.  The other half is what
seems to be below the surface in many of the responses to PGP 5.5.  That
is, how do I achieve the secure deletion of data?
When I make a telephone call, I have an expectation that the only record of
the call will be in my memory and the memory of the person at the other
end.  At one time, people recording telephone conversations were required
to include a beep every 15 seconds to notify the participants that this
expectation was being violated.  (It seems this expectation has always been
violated by law enforcement.)
Now email is a confounding medium because it is both a transient
communication medium and a storage medium.  We would like to be able to
have protection against losing access to our stored data, at the same time
we are sure that those who violate our trust and intercept our
communications can not read the data, when it is sent or at any time in the
PGP 5.5 seems to have a solution to the "lose your data" problem.  It does
not seem to address the secure deletion problem.
In the context of computer system backup, one paper at the last Usenix
Security Conference suggested implementing secure deletion by encrypting
the data on the backup tape and then destroying the key when you wanted to
delete the data.

@_date: 1997-10-09 00:50:39
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: russia_1.html 
What I have heard about these suitcase nukes is that they yield about 1-2
kilotons.  I know of no technical reason for them to be thermonuclear
devices.  As such, the decay of tritium would not seem to affect them.
(They will still need a source of neutrons, which might go bad faster than
the plutonium/U235.)
I feel very little comfort.

@_date: 1997-10-10 12:57:29
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Defeating MITM with Eric's Secure Phone 
When I suggested using code words to exchange the checksum, I thought you
would have to use them in one-time-pad mode to be secure.  The following
argument makes me think you can reuse them several times, changing them at
about the same rate as you would change a symmetric crypto key.
Assume that the contents of the paper are secret between Alice and Bob.
When Alice calls Bob, she reads the word coresponding to the first digit of
the checksum.  Either Mallory is in the middle or he isn't.  If he isn't,
no problem.  The word list remains secure.
If he is in the middle, he has 15 chances in 16 of being caught on the
first exchange.  He only survives if the first digit of the Alice-Mallory
connection is the same as the first digit of the Mallory-Bob connection.
He now knows the word for one value and can continue to play 1 out of 16
The probability he can survive the next word that Bob reads to Alice is
harder to calculate.  He can survive if the second digit of the Mallory-Bob
connection is the same as the second digit of the Alice-Mallory connection,
or the second digit of the Alice-Mallory connection is the same as the
first digit on that connection.  Without doing the math, Mallory's survival
probability becomes very small as the exchange continues.
If Alice and Bob catch Mallory, they talk about the weather and exchange a
new list by email.  If they don't, there is a very high probability that
the word list has not been compromised, and they can safely continue to use
it for the next call.
BTW - I really like John's idea of doing another exchange later in the
conversation.  Perhaps something like, "You know, I was dancing the Foxtrot
with my wife 9 days ago at 5AM."

@_date: 1997-10-13 12:06:53
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Corporate Access to Keys (CAK) Considered Harmful 
A group from IBM who had developed a telephone based audio messaging system
many years ago described it at Share (the IBM large systems users' group)
many years ago.  They described their system as being used by the top level
IBM executives.  They also described the aggressive "no backups" policy and
mentioned the discovery process in the Justice Department vs. IBM suit.
Tim's point is very real.

@_date: 1997-10-13 12:06:56
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: CAK as a really bad form of corporate networking 
Another way to look at it is:  Large corporations aren't much different
from governments.  Their management doesn't know what is going on down in
the trenches, and they are scared.

@_date: 1997-10-13 14:52:43
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Defeating MITM with Eric's Secure Phone 
John - You're absolutely right.  I haven't had a phone connection fail
after connect for a coon's age, but I remember the bad old days of living
in GTE-land.  (For example, the time I called my wife from work and she
asked me to call Kristine and have her call because no one in Los Gatos
could call out.)
A comm failure during authentication should be enough reason to go to the
next set of 16 words.
N.B. I was assuming that Alice would only commit one digit to Bob before
having Bob commit one digit to her.  It seems from our analysis that doing
it one digit at a time greatly improves the chances of catching Mallory

@_date: 1997-10-13 14:58:00
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: IETF policy on refusing to allow politics to weaken protocols(Re: Why Adam Back keeps politicizing technical issues) 
Just a quick reality check here.  Frequently implementations have proceeded
IETF standards.  That is one of the strengths of the IETF process (as
compared with e.g the CCITT.)

@_date: 1997-10-13 15:02:04
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: CMR paves the road to GAK, and provides no corporate security. 
There's damn little you can do in a free society.  KeyKOS provided a
facility where you could give information to a program and ensure it could
not communicate it elsewhere.  However this facility involved running the
program in what amounted to solitary confinement.  While you can get away
to doing this to programs, people are (rightfully) different.

@_date: 1997-10-15 00:25:46
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: proposal: commercial data recovery 
This requirement tries to enforce something which can not be enforced by
technical means.  That is, when you send another person some data, there is
no technical way you can prevent them from using it however they want.  For
example, a user can always program his filters (given something like
procmail) to send decrypted data anywhere he wants.
The idea that you can control what users do with data thru technical means
is the most common flaw I see when people think about security.
N.B. I applaud Adam's direction of building the data recovery businesses
need without helping 3rd parties engage in undetected snooping.  Keeping
the decryption keys (if data is not stored in the clear) near the
legitimate copies seems to be a useful step in this direction.

@_date: 1997-10-19 07:30:56
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: CPUNK Thread from the East / (Was: The Yarrow Man Ass) / (Was: You Go Away! Bother ROUND EYE CypherPunks. Chop, chop!) / (Was: TORA! TORA! TORA!...DC) / (Was: OUBAKAYAROU!!) 
I agree. Next thing you know, we will be receiving our messages from
the socialist CDDR list.
  I put a lot of thought, time and effort into my posts, and I resent
having to share them with the lurkers who add nothing to the list.
  From now on I will be sending my posts to the list only to myself.
God Bless America

@_date: 1997-10-21 15:08:56
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: CPUNK Thread from the East / (Was: The Yarrow Man Ass) /(Was: You Go Away! Bother ROUND EYE CypherPunks. Chop, chop!) / (Was:TORA! TORA! TORA!...DC) / (Was: OUBAKAYAROU!!) 
Wow!  I've, come up in the world.  Someone is forging headers with my name.
I bask in the social acceptance of it all.

@_date: 1997-10-21 15:11:53
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Interactive Programming - Self-modifying code 
All OSes have a form of self modifying code which fetches programs (as
data) from disk and then executes them (as programs) in memory.  They need
a way to flush the data cache so the instruction cache can read it.
The place where it becomes expensive in modern processors is when the
processor has seen a word as an instruction, and then you want to change it
and have the new value again interpreted as an instruction.  The way to
"legitimately" do this varies by processor.  IBM mainframes detect it
automagically and "do the right thing".  SPARCs require a special "flush"
instruction to clean out the processor I-cache/pipeline.

@_date: 1997-10-27 23:50:21
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Request for expert opinion and Feedback 
Look at the Java Ecnryption stuff that JavaSoft has put out.  The
interfaces aren't too bad, and in any case you will need native code for
efficency at the lowest level.
Yes.  In the kernel, you have access to many more hard-to-guess physical
inputs than an application level program

@_date: 1997-10-28 17:25:55
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: key recovery meeting/demonstration in DC, 11/5 
I just love the politicians who say they want to regulate, "To foster
Internet growth" when the real problems are mostly keeping the physical
plant up with the growth.
Note to Washington: The Internet is doing fine all on its own.

@_date: 1997-10-31 01:31:50
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: DEA trying to subpoena book dealers 
Wear underwear to bed.  Then you won't be naked when the alarm goes off.
(At night it will help if you are naturally dark complexioned.)

@_date: 1997-09-03 14:02:09
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Europe puts pressure on FCC over accounting rate moves 
Telecoms Newsline
        A News Service for Telecoms Professionals
             Sponsored by Hewlett-Packard
              Issue 48: 2 September 1997
           Europe puts pressure on FCC over accounting rate moves
The European Commission (EC) has warned the US regulator, the Federal
Communications Commission (FCC), that its unilateral action (see TN
46) could jeopardise the World Trade Organisation agreement on
telecoms. The FCC has rejected the WTO agreements sanctioned by the
ITU, and intends to impose its own cost-based accounting tariff for
international call terminations.
The US suffers an enormous trade deficit in telecoms services
because its international calls are much cheaper than those in many
other countries. This means that far more traffic originates in the
US for termination overseas than comes in from abroad, resulting in
American international operators paying out more than US$5 billion
per year to foreign carriers for the termination of calls.
The FCC has come up with its own benchmarking scheme which will be
introduced over the next five years. This has enraged many nations
who view it as dictatorial; it is also against the multilateral
approach of the WTO agreement. Furthermore, in the absence of
accurate data, the FCC has used countries GDP (rather than how much
it costs overseas operators to handle calls) to set the settlement
rates that US operators will be obliged to pay overseas carriers in
future. At the moment the FCC feels that many countries accounting
rates are inflated and bear no relation to the actual cost of
providing the service.
Poorer countries claim that it costs them much more to handle calls
because they struggle with antiquated infrastructure and that they
need the revenue from high accounting rates to cover the cost of
modernising their networks. In addition, for less developed
economies, the monies they receive in settlement rates are a precious
source of hard currency. The debate looks set to run and run with the
International Telecommunication Union (ITU) stuck between a rock and
hard place, trying to find a compromise that is acceptable to all
Telecoms Newsline       {c} 1997 Hewlett-Packard Co.
 Editor:      Peter Judge
 Contributor: Annie Turner
 To subscribe to Telecoms Newsline send mail to
  with 'subscribe hp
 and your e-mail address' in message body. To unsubscribe,
 send mail to  with
 'unsubscribe and your e-mail address' in or message body.
 Or visit our website at  If you like us, pass it on. This publication is free
 and may be re-posted. Entire issues may be posted
 without alteration or editing. Individual stories
 may also be re-posted, with this message attached.
 If you want to re-post all issues to a Web site or
 list, please appreciate our work by telling us.
 As Telecoms Newsline is available globally on the
 Internet, we cannot guarantee price or availability
 of products in your area.
 Editorial comments or questions please
 mailto:publisher at telecomsnewsline.com

@_date: 1997-09-05 00:36:42
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Smoking and IDs 
My interpretation is that many people are fed up with the anti-smoking
Nazis.  The most "in your face" form of smoking is cigars.  So they smoke
cigars.  The hard core smoke Cuban cigars.

@_date: 1997-09-05 14:38:36
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Louis Freeh's Desire for Domestic "Key Recovery" 
Here is the contents of a letter I sent to the San Jose Mercury News.  Any
bets on whether it gets published?
It is not surprising that FBI Director Louis Freeh wants to be able to read
every private communication in the country.  After all, he is director of
the government agency that rose to its current prominence because
Director-for-life J. Edgar Hoover used illegal wiretaps to blackmail
prominent politicians.

@_date: 1997-09-05 14:53:21
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Big Brother is watching 
Try near UV.  Goes thru glass and exposes film, but is stopped by the human

@_date: 1997-09-09 15:01:58
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: A helluva way to run a country, er, a world 
I claim the overthrow of Jim Crow laws and the Vietnam war in the 1960s and
1970s were the last revolution.  We're right on schedule for the next one.
Civilization can be measured as the inverse of the blood shed during

@_date: 1997-09-11 11:23:52
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: House National Security committee guts SAFE, worse than nobill 
You can send me a message.  My key is on the servers.
Type bits/keyID    Date       User ID
pub   768/C2CD3FB5 1994/12/28 Bill Frantz           Key fingerprint =  4F 9B 8C F1 3A 92 31 B6  8E BB AC FA 57 0B FE 59
Regards - Bill

@_date: 1997-09-12 11:15:29
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: More on House Intelligence committee amendment on crypto 
They're really foaming at the mouth back in 'ol DC.  Lets see:
(1) Free speech is dead.  c.f. Judge Pattel's opinion in the Burnstein case.
(2) The right to a public trial is gone too.
(3) The right to privacy is forgotten.  Close those clinics.
(4) If crypto is an armament, then the right to keep and bear it is gone.
(But that right was already in tatters.)
(5) The right to be safe from unreasonable search is gone if you can't
challenge a search in the courts.
(6) etc. etc.
And over what is merely the practical application of some obscure
mathematics, these turkeys are willing to trash the constitution they are
sworn to support and defend.  It would be really funny if it wasn't so grim.

@_date: 1997-09-13 00:37:22
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: The problem of playing politics with our constitutional rights 
When I walk through South-of-Market in San Francisco and hear people
trading URL in conversation as the walk down the street and see URLs on TV,
Billboards and even the side of busses, I wonder if this assumption is
really true.

@_date: 1997-09-15 14:16:47
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Ship Code!  Re: House Intelligence Committee Press Release 
Making the FBI key an immediate target for (1) Distributed factoring; (2)
Stealing by hook, crook or bribery; or (3) Destruction of the coresponding
secret key by some cypherliberty nut. :-)  (1) and (2) would blow any
secrets encrypted with the system.  (3) would only stop GAK until new keys
could be rammed down people's throats.  My bet would be (2).  Aldrich Ames
wasn't the only spy in the world.  If the FBI is monitoring phone calls set
up with DH key agreement, they are going to need to access that secret key
quite frequently.  It will be very hard to protect it under those
An encrypt to FBI key system has some really serious vulnerabilities.  I
scares me to have our financial system, utilities, and airlines, to name
just a few vital civilian services, depend on a system with such an obvious
flaw.  There are people and organizations out there who would love to
disrupt these systems, and flawed encryption would give them a powerful

@_date: 1997-09-15 14:17:07
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Letter to Senator Bryan, was Re: Key Recovery is Bad for US Security 
Not at all.  One of the reasons I posted it.
While it might have been better if we had not followed the legalization of
exports root, I think letting representatives know that voting for the
surveillance society has political costs is probably our best strategy for
having the whole thing disappear in the rush to adjourn.

@_date: 1997-09-15 15:07:25
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Federal motivation 
Most particularly remember that the director-for-life of the FBI used
telephone intercepts in an attempt to get this Martin Luther King to commit

@_date: 1997-09-19 14:24:39
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Preparing the Remnant for the far side of the crisis 
Note also that the standard date format for OS/360 and its descendents is
the "Julian" date, a YYDDD format.  This means those old compilers have to
be changed to use a different system call to get the current date.
In 1969, my wife participated in a previous "expand the date" project for a
company in San Francisco.  They converted from one digit dates to two

@_date: 1997-09-19 14:37:56
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: New Computer Security Act 
It seems that the GAK crowd doesn't want a credible evaluation of foreign
encryption to interfere with their dream that only the US can make
encryption products.

@_date: 1997-09-25 23:31:23
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: The Telcos oppose Oxley 
Even if he doesn't, I don't think Clinton will sign it (in its present,
export enabling, criminal sentence enhancing) form.
The scary thing is that  great lover of the technology industry
and the Bill of Rights </sarcasm) Senator Finestein will pass a bill in
Oxley form through the senate, and the bill that goes to Clinton will be
written in the conference committee.  It's as scary as letting the
congresscritters hold a constitutional convention.
[My spell checker gave me the option of "Replace" for "Finestein".  I was

@_date: 1997-09-26 12:03:44
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Plea from a parent who wants to keep their kid free of SSNs 
At 12:00 PM -0700 9/25/97, Declan McCullagh forwarded:
This sounds like one for the ACLU.  They frequently take religious freedom

@_date: 1997-09-27 10:57:00
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Chutzpah!  FBI Calls Privacy Extremists Elitist 
It's not just a theory.  It's the history of abuse.  And remember, the taps
were used to get blackmail material on members of congress, control their
votes, and make J. Edgar Hoover director for life.  That's why we can't
trust the elected government.

@_date: 1997-09-29 14:47:03
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Digital Postage (fwd) 
While this is certainly true for remailers at the present, it is not true
for businesses in general.  Most of the stores I deal with locally will
accept cash, checks or credit cards.  The interface (and accounting) for
these is quite different.  (E.g there is no online check for cash, like
there is for credit cards, and sometimes checks.)

@_date: 1998-04-22 13:17:49
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Position escrow 
Part of the problem in devising technical fixes for this problem is that
the technology needs some idea of position in order to operate.  Even if we
keep it to, "somewhere in cell X", there is incentive to make cells smaller
as usage increases.
One interesting, but unlikely possibility is an originate-only phone which
pays for calls with cash (e.g. Digicash, or a prepaid phone activation
card).  Since it can't receive calls, it doesn't need an identity.  What
would come out of the system is, "Someone in cell X called telephone number

@_date: 1998-12-18 13:49:51
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: I must admit. . . 
If you take the long view, Ghandi has won 2 out of 3.  South Africa is a
lot better than in Ghandi's day.  Britain is out of India.  He has so far
lost on the separation of India and Pakistan, with no unification is sight.
It is clear that Ghandi has inspired the people more directly involved with
the final victory in the first two cases.  I think Ghandi took the long
view.  YMMV.

@_date: 1998-02-06 16:05:19
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: the best justice/kinds of monopolies 
No, the problem is the US Postal Service's willingness to tolerate assholes
as managers.  There may be an argument for pinning that on the government
monopoly aspects of the USPS as well.

@_date: 1998-02-10 14:32:17
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: How to TEMPEST for less 
Preventing Electromagnetic Eavesdropping
NOTE: Even though the author of this document uses the term "TEMPEST" at
      various points, he certifies that his text consists of general
      concepts to reduce electromagnetic emissions, and was not based on any
      actual TEMPEST specifications or data.  Further questions on this topic
      should be directed to the author, "grady at netcom.com".
                                   -- PRIVACY Forum Moderator
                                Abstract
Eavesdropping on personal computers is not limited to looking over the
shoulder of the operator or physically tapping in to an Ethernet cable.
U.S. Government standards relating to the prevention of information capture
via the emission of electromagnetic radiation from computers and peripherals
are known as TEMPEST.  However, actual TEMPEST specifications are classified.
TEMPEST aside, there are inexpensive and easily applied means for
individuals to minimize unintentional emissions from equipment.  My document
"Preventing Electromagnetic Eavesdropping," discusses these techniques.
Grady Ward   Preventing Electromagnetic Eavesdropping
A note discussing the prevention of electromagnetic eavesdropping
of personal computers.
Grady Ward   public key verification by PK server, finger, or by request
Version 1.0   22 March 93
TEMPEST is the code name for technology related to limiting unwanted
electromagnetic emissions from data processing and related equipment.
Its goal is to limit an opponent's capability to collect information about
the internal data flow of computer equipment. Most information concerning
TEMPEST specifications is classified by the United States Government and
is not available for use by its citizens.
The reason why TEMPEST technology is particularly important for
computers and other data processing equipment is the kinds of signals
components in a computer use to talk to each other ("square waves") and
their clock speeds (measured in megahertz) produce a particularly rich set
of unintentional signals in a wide portion of the electromagnetic spectrum.
Because the spurious emissions occupy so wide a portion of that spectrum,
technologies used to block one portion of the spectrum (as pulling the shades
closed on a window to stop the visible light portion) are not necessarily
effective in another portion.
Unintentional emissions from a computer system can be captured and
processed to reveal information about the target systems from simple
levels of activity to even remotely copying keystrokes or capturing
monitor information. It is speculated that poorly protected systems can
be effectively monitored up to the order of one kilometer from the target
This note will examine some practical aspects of reducing the
susceptibility of your personal computer equipment to remote monitoring
using easily-installed, widely available after-market components.
   I
One way of looking at TEMPEST from the lay person's point-of-view is
that it is virtually identical to the problem of preventing electromagnetic
interference ("EMI") by your computer system to others' radios, televisions,
or other consumer electronics. That is, preventing the emission of wide-band
radio "hash" from your computers, cabling, and peripherals both prevents
interference to you and your neighbors television set and limits the useful
signal available to a person surreptitiously monitoring.
Viewing the problem in this light, there are quite a few useful documents
available form the government and elsewhere attacking this problem and
providing a wealth of practical solutions and resources. Very useful for the
lay person are:
Radio Frequency Interference: How to Find It and Fix It. Ed Hare, KA1CV
and Robert Schetgen, KU7G, editors
The American Radio Relay League, Newington , CT
ISBN 0-87259-375-4  (c) 1991, second printing 1992
Federal Communications Commission Interference Handbook
FCC Consumers Assistance Branch
Gettysburg, PA  17326
MIL-STD-188-124B in preparation
(includes information on military shielding of tactical
communications systems)
Superintendent of Documents
US Government Printing Office
Washington, DC  20402
Information on shielding a particular piece of consumer
electronic equipment may be available from the:
Electronic Industries Association (EIA)
2001 Pennsylvania Ave NW
Washington, DC  20006
Preventing unintended electromagnetic emissions is a relative term.
It is not feasible to reduce to zero all unintended emissions. My personal
goal, for example, might be to reduce the amount and quality of spurious
emission until the monitoring van a kilometer away would have to be in my
front yard before it could effectively eavesdrop on my computer. Apartment
dwellers with unknown neighbors only inches away (through a wall) might
want to even more carefully adopt as many of the following suggestions as
possible since signal available for detection decreases as approximately the
inverse square of the distance from the monitoring equipment to your computer.
   II
   Start with computer equipment that meets modern standards for emission.
In the United States, the "quietest" standard for computers and peripherals
is known as the "class B" level. (Class A level is a less stringent standard
for computers to be use in a business environment.).
You want to verify that all computers and peripherals you use meet the class
B standard which permits only one-tenth the power of spurious emissions than
the class A standard. If you already own computer equipment with an FCC ID,
you can find out which standard applies. Contact the FCC Consumers Assistance
Branch at 1-717-337-1212 for details in accessing their database.
Once you own good equipment, follow the manufacturer's recommendations for
preserving the shielding integrity of the system. Don't operated the system
with the cover off and keep "slot covers" in the back of the computer in
   III
   Use only shielded cable for all system interconnections.
A shielded cable surrounds the core of control wires with a metal braid or
foil to keep signals confined to that core. In the late seventies it was common
to use unshielded cable such as "ribbon" cable to connect the computer with,
say, a diskette drive. Unshielded cable acts just like an antenna for signals
generated by your computer and peripherals. Most computer manufacturer
supply shielded cable for use with their computers in order to meet FCC
standards. Cables bought from third-parties are an unknown and should be
avoided (unless you are willing to take one apart to see for yourself!)
Try to avoid a "rat's nest" of wire and cabling behind your equipment and
by keeping all cables as short as possible. You want to reduced the length of
unintended antennas and to more easily predict the likely paths of electric
and magnetic coupling from cable to cable so that it can be more effectively
   IV
   Block radiation from the power cord(s) into the house wiring.
Most computers have an EMI filter built into their body where the AC
line cord enters the power supply. This filter is generally insufficient to
prevent substantial re-radiation of EMI voltages back into the power wiring
of your house and neighborhood. To reduce the power retransmitted down
the AC power cords of your equipment, plug them in to special EMI filters
that are in turn plugged into the wall socket. I use a model 475-3
overvoltage and EMI filter manufactured by
Industrial Communication Engineers, Ltd.
P.O. Box 18495
Indianapolis, IN  46218-0495
ask for their package of free information sheets
(AC and other filters mentioned in this note are available from a wide
variety of sources including, for example, Radio Shack. I am enthusiastic
about ICE because of the "over-designed" quality of their equipment.
Standard disclaimers apply.)
This particular filter from ICE is specified to reduce retransmission of
EMI by a factor of at least 1000 in its high-frequency design range. Although
ideally every computer component using an AC line cord ought to be filtered,
it is especially important for the monitor and computer CPU to be filtered in
this manner as the most useful information available to opponents is believed
to come from these sources.
   V
   Block retransmitted information from entering your fax/modem or
   telephone line.
Telephone line is generally very poorly shielded. EMI  from your computer
can be retransmitted directly into the phone line through your modem or can
be unintentionally picked up by the magnetic portion of the EMI spectrum
through magnetic induction from power supplies or the yoke of your cathode
ray tube "CRT" monitor.
To prevent direct retransmission, EMI filters are specifically designed for
modular telephone jacks to mount at the telephone or modem, and for
mounting directly at the service entrance to the house.
Sources of well-designed telephone-line filter products include ICE
(address above) and
Box 82
Randolph, OH  44265
Your phone company or telephone manufacturer may be able to supply
you with free modular filters, although the design frequencies of these
filters may not be high enough to be effective through much of the EMI
spectrum of interest. Keep telephone lines away from power supplies of
computers or peripherals and the rear of CRTs:  the magnetic field often
associated with those device can inductively transfer to unshielded lines
just as if the telephone line were directly electrically connected to them.
Since this kind of coupling decreases rapidly with distance, this kind of
magnetic induction can be virtually eliminated by keeping as much distance
(several feet or more) as possible between the power supply/monitor yoke
and cabling.
   VI
   Use ferrite toroids and split beads to prevent EMI from escaping on
   the surface of your cables.
Ferrites are magnetic materials that,  for certain ranges of EMI
frequencies, attenuate the EMI by causing it to spend itself in heat in
the material rather than continuing down the cable. They can be applied
without cutting the cable by snapping together a "split bead" form over
a thick cable such as a power cord or by threading  thinner cable such as
telephone several times around the donut-shaped ferrite form. Every cable
leaving your monitor, computer, mouse, keyboard, and other computer
peripherals should have at least one ferrite core attentuator. Don't forget
the telephone lines from your fax, modem, telephone or the unshielded DC
power cord to your modem. Ferrites are applied as close to the EMI emitting
device as possible so as to afford the least amount of cable that can act as
an antenna for the EMI.
Good sources for ferrite split beads and toroids include
Amidon Associates, Inc.
P.O. Box 956
Torrance, CA  90508
(ask for their free information sheet)
Palomar Engineers
P.O. Box 462222
Escondido, CA  92046
(ask for their free RFI information sheet)
and Radio Shack.
   VII
   Other practical remedies.
Other remedies that are somewhat more difficult to correctly apply
include providing a good EMI "ground" shield for your computer equipment
and other more intrusive filters such as bypass capacitor filters.
You probably ought not to think about adding bypass capacitors unless you
are familiar with electronic circuits and digital design. While quite
effective, added improperly to the motherboard or cabling of a computer they
can "smooth out" the square wave digital waveform -- perhaps to the extent
that signals are interpreted erroneously causing mysterious "crashes" of
your system. In other cases, bypass capacitors can cause unwanted parasitic
oscillation on the transistorized output drivers of certain circuits which
could damage or destroy those circuits in the computer or peripherals. Also,
unlike ferrite toroids, adding capacitors requires actually physically
splicing them in or soldering them into circuits. This opens up the
possibility of electric shock, damage to other electronic components or
voiding the warranty on the computer equipment.
A good EMI ground is difficult to achieve. Unlike an electrical safety
ground, such as the third wire in a three-wire AC power system, the EMI
ground must operate effectively over a much wider part of the EMI spectrum.
This effectiveness is related to a quality known as electrical impedance. You
desire to reduce the impedance to as low a value as possible over the entire
range of EMI frequencies.
Unlike the AC safety ground, important factors in achieving low impedance
include having as short a lead from the equipment to a good EMI earth ground
as possible (must be just a few feet); the gauge of the connecting lead (the
best EMI ground lead is not wire but woven grounding "strap" or wide copper
flashing sheets; and the physical coupling of the EMI into the actual earth
ground. An 8 ft. copper-plated ground may be fine for AC safety ground, but
may present appreciable impedance resistance to an EMI voltage. Much better
would be to connect a network of six to eight copper pipes arranged in a
six-foot diameter circle driven in a foot or two into the ground,
electrically bonded together with heavy ground strap and connected to the
equipment to be grounded via a short (at most, several feet), heavy (at
least 3/4-1" wide) ground strap.
If you can achieve a good EMI ground, then further shielding possibilities
open up for you such as surrounding your monitor and computer equipment in a
wire-screen Faraday cage. You want to use mesh rather than solid sheet
because you must preserve the free flow of cooling air to your equipment.
Buy aluminum (not nylon) screen netting at your local hardware store. This
netting typically comes in rolls 36" wide by several feet long. Completely
surround your equipment you want to reduce the EMI being careful to make
good electrical bonds between the different panels of netting and your good
earth ground. I use stainless steel nuts, bolts, and lock washers along with
special non-oxidizing electrical paste (available from Electrical
contractors supply houses or from ICE) to secure my ground strapping to my
net "cages".  A good Faraday cage will add several orders of magnitude of
EMI attenuation to your system.
   VIII
   Checking the effectiveness of your work.
It is easy to get a general feeling about the effectiveness of your EMI
shielding work with an ordinary portable AM radio. Bring it very close to
the body of your computer and its cables in turn. Ideally, you should not
hear an increased level of static. If you do hear relatively more at one
cable than at another, apply more ferrite split beads or obtain better
shielded cable for this component. The practice of determining what kind of
operating system code is executing by listening to a nearby AM radio is
definitely obsolete for an well-shielded EMI-proof system!
To get an idea of the power and scope of your magnetic field emissions, an
ordinary compass is quite sensitive in detecting fields. Bring a compass
within a few inches of the back of your monitor and see whether it is
deflected. Notice that the amount of deflection decreases rapidly with
distance. You want to keep cables away from magnetic sources about as far as
required not to see an appreciable deflection on the compass.
   VIIII
   Summary
If you start with good, shielded equipment that has passed the FCC level B
emission standard then you are off to a great start. You may even be able to
do even better with stock OEM equipment by specifying "low-emission"
monitors that have recently come on the market in response to consumer fears
of extremely low frequency ("ELF") and other electromagnetic radiation.
Consistently use shielded cables, apply filtering and ferrite toroids to all
cabling entering or leaving your computer equipment. Finally, consider a
good EMI ground and Faraday cages. Beyond this there are even more effective
means of confining the electrical and magnetic components of your system
through the use of copper foil adhesive tapes, conductive paint sprays, "mu
metal" and other less common components.
Copyright (c) 1993 by Grady Ward. All Rights Reserved.
Permission is granted for free electronic distribution.

@_date: 1998-02-11 14:24:54
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: VanEck, Noise, & Palmtops... 
To defeat the integrating attacks you have described, you want to repeat
the same noise frame after frame.  It must be loud enough to swamp the
signal going to the display, so the output of the integration is the noise
and not the signal.

@_date: 1998-02-12 22:21:13
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: "Corporations selling your ass down the road for a dollar" 
I fully agree, and I think US law agrees, that an illegal act by an
employee is not shielded by incorporation.  But as many people on this list
have noted, what the law says, and what is enforced are widely different.
Probably the most valuable feature of corporations is the way they limit
the financial liability of their stockholders and managers.  This limit
allows people to go into business without having to worry about business
creditors coming to take their houses and cars.  (And wives and first born
Since everyone knows what the deal is, there is no fraud.  Everyone
extending credit to a corporation knows that it is the corporation's credit
rating which is relevant, not the credit ratings of the members of the
board of directors.
Limited liability, coupled with the willingness of venture capitalists to
fund ventures lead by people whose previous ventures have failed, are the
engine which allows Silicon Valley's creative destruction approach to
making money succeed.

@_date: 1998-01-07 16:50:54
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Silly Shrinkwrapped Encryption 
It seems to me that if you step on the correct part of the message, you zap
the encrypted 24 bits, and cut NSA out of the loop.  Of course the receiver
could notice and refuse to decrypt, which would require some software
hacking to defeat, but that is certainly doable.

@_date: 1998-01-08 14:03:03
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Silly Shrinkwrapped Encryption 
I don't plan on using it, but the Swedes have a bit of an installed base

@_date: 1998-01-08 14:22:10
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Lessig on antitrust and government regulation 
Theories are normally only changed when (1) it is obvious they no longer
reflect observed reality, and (2) they can't be patched anymore.  :-)
The Ptolemaic theory of the universe is the classic example.

@_date: 1998-01-13 15:56:07
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: autonomous agents 
The Java security model proposed for version 1.2 (now in some form of beta)
supports this kind of distinction.

@_date: 1998-01-14 16:19:04
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Talk of Banning Research into Human Cloning (fwd) 
I wonder if it is the intention of those who support a ban on human cloning
to prevent my friend who lost his forearm in the Vietnam War from having a
new one grown and attached?

@_date: 1998-01-15 13:27:29
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Electric Communities notion of identity 
E is a language which supports optimistic distributed programming.  It
produces .class files which run on unmodified Java Virtual Machines.  More
information is available from Perhaps of more interest to cypherpunks is the model of identity
implemented in what is called today EC-Habitats, our graphical "world".
(See the web pages for more details.)
The model is quite similar to the model used by James A. Donald's Crypto
Kong.  Identity is a public key.  You prove who you are by showing that you
hold the private key corresponding to that public key.
All of this key stuff is hidden by the user interface.  What the user sees
is:  You meet someone "in world" and give them a nickname.  When you meet
them again, the software knows that it is the same "person", and refers to
them by your nickname for them.  Thus people can develop and maintain
reputations for each other.

@_date: 1998-01-18 02:56:39
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: call for proposals:  "Media, Democracy and the Public Sphere" inJune 1998 
I wonder what these peoples' take on the Internet is?  If the net isn't a
"democratic public sphere", what is?

@_date: 1998-01-22 12:41:49
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Gore Commission wants to regulate the Net like broadcast 
//eagerness
Presumably they intend to also regulate live theater.  It can also deliver
audio and video.  FUBAR.

@_date: 1998-02-01 14:14:13
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: RIP, Carl Gorman, Code Talker 
When I was in China, I noted that French accented English was "essentially
secure" against understanding by our Chinese hosts.  We Americans did a lot
of English to English translation on that trip.

@_date: 1998-07-23 23:31:53
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: where... 
Those prices are a lot better than the last X.25 spec I priced.  My local
paper says that 1 Swiss Franc is worth about 66 US cents ($0.66).  That is
about the same exchange rate as when I was in Switzerland last summer.  As
one of the world's more stable currencies, I would indeed consider the
Swiss Franc to be "real money".

@_date: 1998-06-25 23:32:36
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Skipjack extensibility 
3DES is useful because DES does not form a group.  To the best of my
knowledge, Skipjack has not been analysed in this area (outside of Never
Say Anything).

@_date: 1998-03-03 23:32:30
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Is CDMF secure? 
Well, to IBM's credit, they didn't call it secure.  They called it a Data
Masking Facility.

@_date: 1998-03-08 14:34:37
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: [LEGAL] Crypto as Contraband? 
I think the logical result of the wide-spread deployment of such systems in
the US is loss of leadership in technology.  Modern technology is very
dependent on high performance software.  Between cutting off small scale
development and pissing off licensed developers, it sounds like a way to
cut the nation's throat.
It is hard to see how you could make an OS that prevented you from building
a Touring machine and still support the generalized programming needed for
technological leadership.  I expect that encrypted instruction streams will
only be used for copy protection, probably with the same market acceptance
that other copy protection schemes have received.

@_date: 1998-03-19 00:40:17
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Will New Sendmail Block Remailers? 
The ultimate end of this line of measure/countermeasure is code that sniffs
out peoples passwords so spammers can "borrow" their accounts to send a
million or so messages.

@_date: 1998-05-09 09:46:05
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: U.S. Navy caught hacking into British marine charity Web site 
Consider the possibility that someone hacked into the Navy's computer and
then used it as a base to hack the Marine Mammal Charity site.

@_date: 1998-05-09 09:47:45
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: HPC Report 
If the export control people are worried about people designing nuclear
weapons, it should be noted that the US managed to design weapons with
computers like the CDC 6600 and 7600 that make today's PCs look fast.
Today's PCs have more memory and bigger, faster disks too.

@_date: 1998-05-10 20:59:51
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: U.S. Navy caught hacking into British marine charity Web site 
Consider the wonderful irony of hacking into some site and having the blame
go somewhere else.
Consider a somewhat different circumstance.  I was recently in Organ Pipe
Cactus National Monument.  The southern border of the monument runs across
the US/Mexico border.  One of the stops on the tourist drive around the
monument is a parking lot 40 feet from a broken gate in the fence that
marks the border.  There is a large sign there suggesting that people not
leave their cars because of recent breakins.  There was also broken auto
glass on the ground.
Now, if I were breaking into cars, I would pick that parking lot, rather
than others further north, in hopes that everyone would blame the Mexicans.
Don't think I am sure that the Mexicans are not responsible, just that I
see a chance for some US lowlifes to deflect the blame.
I see the same opportunity in using a hacked Navy computer to hack a marine
mammal site.  It may be the Navy, or it may be a hacker with a polished
sense of irony.

@_date: 1998-11-06 16:54:13
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: TEMPEST laptops 
Not exactly a laptop thing, but it occurs to me that you might be able to
get destructive interference of the signal waves from a monitor by running
two monitors, and sending inverse signals to each.  If we assume the signal
is 100MHz, that means a wavelength of 3 meters.  You probably need small
monitors close together.

@_date: 1998-11-14 14:22:25
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: SIGH... NOT!! THC tainted oranges 
I always thought that crabgrass would be a better carrier for THC genes,
and give the DEA maximum fits.  However, given that 5 states have passed
medical pot initiatives, one over the attempts of their legislature to
destroy the previous initiative, perhaps the DEA has enough problems.  :-)

@_date: 1998-11-16 05:48:10
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Could E.M. Cordian be Matt Blaze in Disguise? (Nah!) 
Having met both of them (in the same room yet), not bloody likely.  :-)

@_date: 1998-10-09 01:24:50
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish sourcecode) 
In the case of Open E , the choice came down to
which license Electric Communities was comfortable with.  We ended up with
a Mozilla style license.

@_date: 1998-10-30 01:00:39
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: log files (was: Re: dbts: Cryptographic Dog Stocks, The  Dirigible Biplane, and Sending the Wizards Back to Menlo Park ) 
There is a long history of legitimate users who attempt to exceed their
authorization.  Double agents in the intelligence community and embezzlers
in the commercial world both come to mind.

@_date: 1998-09-19 01:26:46
@_author: Bill Frantz 
@_subject: Questions for Magaziner? 
Probably a bit late, but I would ask, "If the government is going to
require GAK, how is it going to demonstrate that all the keys is accessed
were accessed according to legal proceedings?"  Another way of asking is,
"How do we ensure that all government accesses to keys become publicly
known within a reasonable amount of time."  (I would define reasonable as
much less than 5 years.)
(I've been reading David Brin's "The Transparent Society".)
