
@_date: 2009-04-07 09:22:07
@_author: The Free and The Unashamed 
@_subject: A Declaration of Separation 
Hash: SHA1
= A Declaration of Separation =
==== To The Governments & People of Earth: ====
We claim the right to exist, and we will defend it.
We do not seek to overthrow anything. We do not seek to control
anything. We
wish to be left alone.
All we ever wanted was to live in peace with our friends and
neighbors. For
a long, long
time we bore insults to our liberty; we took blows, we did what we
could to
avoid injury
and we worked through the system to get the offenses to stop. That has
We no longer see any benefit in working through the worlds systems.
At some
working within a system becomes cowardly and immoral; for us, that
point has
Regardless of the parties in power, their governments have continued to
restrict, restrain
and punish us. We hereby reject them all. We hereby withdraw from them
We hold
the ruling states of this world and all that appertains to them to be
self-serving and
opposed to humanity.
We now withdraw our obedience and reclaim the right to strike back when
struck. We
will not initiate force, but we do reserve the right to answer it.
We did not choose this  it was forced upon us.
==== To The Governments of Earth: ====
You are building cages for all that is human. In the name of
protection, you
have intruded
into all areas of human life, far exceeding the reach of any Caesar. You
claim ultimate
control of our property and our decisions, of our travels and even our
identities. You
claim ownership of humanity far beyond the dreams of any Emperor of any
previous era.
Understand clearly: We reject your authority and we reject your
We do not
believe that you have any right to do the things you do. You have
power, but no
right to impose it upon us and no legitimacy. We have forsaken you. We
no longer
your citizens or your subjects.
Your systems are inherently anti-human, even if all their operators
are not.
We are not merely angry young people. We are fathers and mothers; aunts,
uncles and
grandparents; we are business owners and trusted employees; we are
engineers and farmers. We are nurses and accountants and students and
We are on every continent.
This is not a burst of outrage; this is a sober declaration that we no
longer accept
unearned suffering as our role in life.
For long decades we sat quietly, hoping that things would turn around.
took no
actions; we suffered along with everyone else. But after having our
pushed back
again and again, we have given up on your systems.
If our fellow inhabitants of this planet wish to accept your rule,
they are
free to do so.
We will not try to stop them. We, however, will no longer accept your
constraints upon us.
- From now on, when you hurt us, we will bite back. If you leave us
alone we
will leave
you alone and you can continue to rule your subjects. We are happy to
But if you come after us, there will be consequences.
You caused this because of your fetish for control and power. The
chief men
and women
among you are pathologically driven to control everyone and everything
moves upon
this planet. You have made yourselves the judge of every human
activity. No
god-king of
the ancient world ever had the power that your systems do.
You have created a world where only the neutered are safe and where only
outlaws are free.
==== To The People of Earth: ====
We seek nothing from you. We do not want to rule you and we do not
want to
control you.
All we wish is to live on earth in peace. As always, we will be helpful
neighbors and
generous acquaintances. We will remain honest business partners and
employees. We will continue to be loving parents and respectful
We will not, however, be sacrificial animals. We reject the idea that
have a right to
our lives and our property. We will not demand anything from you, and we
will no longer
acquiesce to any demands upon us. We have left that game. We reject all
obligations to
any person or organization beyond honesty, fair dealing and a respect
human life.
We will shortly explain what we believe, but we are not demanding that
agree with
us. All we ask is that you do not try to stop us. Continue to play the
if you wish;
we will not try to disrupt it. We have merely walked away from it.
We wish you peace.
==== To Those Who Will Condemn Us: ====
We will ignore you.
We welcome and seek the verdict of a just God, before whom we are
willing to
our innermost thoughts. Are you similarly willing?
We would stand openly before all mankind if it were not suicidal.
some day we
will have to accept slaughter for our crime of independence, but not
Your criticism and your malice are much deeper than mere disagreements
strategy or
philosophy. You do not oppose our philosophy, you oppose our
existence. Our
in the world means that your precious ideals are false. Some of you
rather kill us
than face the loss of your ideologies, just as those like you have
hated or killed
every sufficiently independent human.
You present yourselves to the world as compassionate, tolerant and
enlightened, but we
know that your smooth words are costumes. Oh yes, we know you, servant
the state;
dont forget, we were raised with you. We played with you in the
we sat next
to you in the classroom. Some of us studied at the same elite
We watched as
you had your first tastes of power. We were the boys and girls
standing next
to you.
Some of us were your first victims. We are not fooled by your carefully
crafted public
==== What We Believe ====
 Many humans resent the responsibilities that are implied by
consciousness. We
accept those responsibilities and we embrace consciousness. Rather than
letting things
happen to us (avoiding consciousness), we accept consciousness and
choose to
act in our
own interest.
We do not seek the refuge of blaming others, neither do we take refuge
crowds. We are
willing to act on our personal judgment, and we are willing to accept
 We believe in negative rights for all: That all humans should be
free to
do whatever
they wish, as long as they do not intrude upon others; that no man has a
right to the life,
liberty or property of another; that we oppose aggression, fraud and
 We do not believe that our way of life, or any other, will make life
perfect or
trouble-free. We expect crime and disagreements and ugliness, and we are
prepared to
deal with them. We do not seek a strongman to step in and solve
problems for
We agree to see to them ourselves.
 We believe in free and unhindered commerce. So long as exchanges are
and honest, no other party has a right to intervene  before, during or
 We believe that all individuals should keep their agreements.
 We believe that honestly obtained property is fully legitimate and
 We believe that some humans are evil and that they must be faced and
dealt with.
We accept the fact that this is a difficult area of life.
 We believe that humans can self-organize effectively. We expect
them to
We reject impositions of hierarchy and organization.
 We believe that all humans are to be held as equals in all matters
regarding justice.
 We believe that the more a man or woman cares about right and
the more
of a threat he or she is perceived to be by governments.
 We believe that there are only two true classes of human beings:
who wish
to exercise power upon others - either directly or through
intermediaries -
and those who
have no such desires.
 Large organizations and centralization are inherently anti-human.
must rely
upon rules rather than principles, treating humans within the
as obedient
==== Our Plans: ====
We are building our own society. We will supplement traditional tools
cryptography, sound money, digital currency and anonymous messaging.
Our society will not be centrally controlled. It will rely solely on
voluntary arrangements.
We welcome others to join us. We are looking for people who are
creators of
value, people who act more than talk, and people who do the right thing
because it is the
right thing.
We will develop our own methods of dealing with injustice, built on the
principles of
negative rights, restitution, integrity and equal justice.
We do not forbid anyone from having one foot in each realm - ours and
old realm -
although we demand that they do no damage to our realm. We are fully
to any
use of our realm to facilitate crime in the old realm, such as the
hiding of
We expect to be loudly condemned, libeled and slandered by the
of the old
regime. We expect them to defend their power and their image of
with all
means available to them. We expect that many gullible and servile people
will believe
these lies, at least at first.
We will consider traps laid for us to be criminal offenses.
Any who wish to join us are encouraged to distribute this declaration,
act in
furtherance of our new society, to voluntarily excel in virtues and to
communicate and
cooperate with other members of the new society.
Free, unashamed men cannot be ruled.
We are The Free and The Unashamed.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 2009-05-09 12:07:41
@_author: The Free and The Unashamed 
@_subject: Free and Unashamed IRC. An invitation. 
Free and Unashamed IRC. An invitation.
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
AN INVITATION
WHAT: IRC network for liberty builders.
WHY: The time for waiting for others to do things is over.
HOW: Using our energy and talents, rather than waiting until some
unspecified date.
WHERE: Server: agora.anarplex.net Port: 14716  (SSL Required)
TOOL: If you don't have an irc client so far, use chatzilla with firefox
    (
    This link will connect you:  ircs://agora.anarplex.net:14716
    You may want to use an anonymizer to protect your connection.
    However, the IRC server does not know your IP address and cannot  make it
    - Take risks for liberty. It is up to us to change our lives. Being
obedient keeps us serfs.
    - Learn, create, cooperate, advance.
    - Create reputation and networks of trust.
    - Talk with people who are not fully brainwashed.
    - Prove that people can live with each other without coercion.
    - Use "/msg nickserv help" to find out how to create a persistent
identity on the network.
    - Invite others that might want to contribute to liberty.
    - Respect others. This is a place where only minds meet. Be  and mature.
    - Read the posts at This is all about creating parallel solutions to establish pockets of
tangible liberty for you and
the people you want to associate with.
Politics does not work. Loopholes do not work forever. We must build  as a separate realm.
Consider our server a country in itself - a place outside of any  state. So,
don't bring the state to
it in your mind and do not draw the state's agents to this place.
The Free and The Unashamed
