
@_date: 2012-06-28 19:15:32
@_author: freebirds at hushmail.com 
@_subject: [Freedombox-discuss] open source hardware exists 
Hash: SHA1
Nick Daly, thanks for your empathy. But my abuser's hackers are
accessing AMT and DASH. Because reflashing the BIOS did NOT erase
the firmware rootkit and because firmware rootkits also infected my
graphic card, I purchased a brand new netbook. I didn't copy files
to the internal hard drive. I used a live Fedora DVD. Jack's
hackers hacked my AMD DASH.
Nick Daly, its not that I shouldn't or can't avoid unavoidable
hardware. Its that the hackers can and do use the hardware's
FreeScale, MIPS, Texas Instruments are not on Intel's adapter list.
BeagleBoard and PandaBoard use Texas Instrument's processor. Olimex
board, Genesi linux netbook and Hercules linux netbook use
FreeScale's processor. The Ben NanoNote micro netbok uses MIPS
What I have not been able to find out yet is whether they have
ARM's TrustZone and how to hide the PSN. Both Olimex and
Beagleboard forums replied that their processor has a PSN.
Several days ago, I cited a link to Qi hardware, which is open
source hardware.  They manufacture for
Ben NanoNote. I am considering purchasing a Ben NanoNote even I
cannot follow the complex tutorial on flashing Debian onto a
SDcard. Yes, I can download and burn an ISO. But flashing to a
SDcard is complex.
I am not suggesting to give up on Marvell. I disagree with Ben's
post that a nondisclosure agreement means not answering my
questions. If the Freedombox Foundation forum signs a nondisclosure
agreement with Marvell the Freedombox Foundation can share this
information among themselves.
If the forum, as a group, has preferences not met with Marvell, the
forum as a group can ask Marvell to customize the dreamplug. If
Marvell refuses, we can look at the above mentioned alternatives or
create our new open source hardware jointly with Qi.
The first step is to ask Marvell. Please do.
Freedombox-discuss mailing list
Freedombox-discuss at lists.alioth.debian.org

@_date: 2012-06-29 16:06:06
@_author: freebirds at hushmail.com 
@_subject: [Freedombox-discuss] Processors without visual serial numbers exist 
Hash: SHA1
 "The Ben Nanonote uses a CPU designed and made
in China.  For which there's not terribly much documentation.  Just
True but not for long. When AMD or Google buy out MIPS, there will
be a global monopoly on processors. I need to purchase a MIPS as
soon as possible! See: "AMD and Google in Race to Buy Out MIPS"
Tim Schmidt, I think the entire Ben Nanonote is manufactured in
China, not just the Ingenic JZ4720 processor. You are correct there
is not much documentation from Ingenic. Ingenic has not responded
to my two emails. The Qi forum is practically dead. No responses to
my posts.
There is another open hardware project I just read about today,
OpenHardware.org. I will check them out.
There are a few SoC without a visual processor serial number. Great
news: DreamPlug is one of them.
ARM Forum answered: "The ARM CPU itself doesn't have a unique
identifier, although someone building an SoC using an ARM CPU could
add one at the system level." Yuri at Freescale technical support, support at freescale.com,
answered that devices of i.MXS or i.MXL series do not have PSN.
jsp?code=IMXS_FAMILY >
On June 29, 2012, Globalscale Technologies answered my question
whether the DreamPlug has a visual PSN.
 "For our current
production, we do not burn device ID in OTP memory, this ID is not
visible to
the internet."
I just Globalscale whether DreamPlug has ARM FreeZone or out of
band monitoring.
Freedombox-discuss mailing list
Freedombox-discuss at lists.alioth.debian.org
