
@_date: 1994-06-17 05:03:35
@_author: Bill Frezza (via RadioMail 
@_subject: Crypto export legislation defeated in House Intelligence Cmte. 
So much for lobbying.
Look, something is going on here that doesn't meet the eye. Nothing is ever unanimous in Washington. These guys were told something by somebody
that caused them to vote like this. You can bet it had nothing to do with
terrorists, drug pushers, or pedophiles. Why don't you expend some effort to find out what they were told and by whom so we could learn what this issue is really about because it is NOT about "national security".
Bill Frezza

@_date: 1994-06-17 16:27:40
@_author: Bill Frezza (via RadioMail 
@_subject: Crypto export legislation defeated in House Intelligence Cmte. 
On 6/17 John said:
I recommend that we give up the battle and go fight the real war. We are
totally outgunned if we stick to this approach and are wasting our time.
What the entire net community should do is focus it's energies on chopping
NSA's budget, period. That's what these guys really care about after all. Let's go on the offense rather than play a losing defense. Make them squirm in appropriation committee hearings, embarrass them for their
intelligence failures, and put them on notice that we are going to hit back where it hurts. And don't even bother raising the "freedom of
encryption" or free trade issues. Forget it. It's going to happen anyway and they can't stop it. Focus on defecit reduction and downsizing the intelligence community in the wake of the collapse of the Soviet Union.
Keep the attack very broad and avoid specific "national security" issues.
Get the investigative journalists to write exposes on the huge spending
black hole these guys have created. Whine about all the other worthy things
taxpayer money can be spent on  if we stop giving it to spooks and
Of course, this strategy may be tough for the EFF if you are simultaneously
urging increased government involvement in the "Information Superhighway". Bill Frezza
