
@_date: 2001-03-05 07:00:29
@_author: From325263 at yourdomain.com 
@_subject: No subject 
I have knowledge of an individual who will benefactor (pay)
our fees ($1000) into a well renowned company. Last name of benefactor and name of company has been excluded to make sure we get no one in trouble.  See toll free Fax On Demand.
If you don't have a fax machine, send a self addressed stamped
evelope to the address below.
USA ONLY!
Looks like creditable opportunities are finally coming our way.
I'm looking for 5 associates to participate in a
benefactoring opportunity which you are positioned at the highest level (Executive Business Pack) of a 12 year old company. A young lady has received funds for her humanitarian project to benefactor hundreds of trustworthy individuals who wish to participate.  There is no out-of-pocket expenses incurred so this becomes a "no-brainer" for all of us. I also know some of you only consider passive type programs, but this is one passive opportunity you can't miss because there is no out-of-pocket money here, folks.
Here's the "Bottom Line":
1) You receive a $1000.00 for an Executive Business Pack when our
benefactor receives your first 5 people (they join free too) in your 2) When you receive your 1st $1500.00 from the company, you mail
the $1000.00 back to Delores and profit $500.00.
3) Your 5 people must invite/share this with 5 of their most trustworthy associates before they can receive their $1000.00 Executive Business Pack and the effort continues 5 levels deep for your organization.
4) What is the name of the company?  (see FOD)
5) What are the products? I'm not making claims, but testimonies have stated the recovery of several immune deficiencies which have been alleviated by the use of these products and I'm eager to try them myself.
6) Additionally each member of this benefactoring opportunity has their
monthly auto-ship of $202 also paid for by Delores and when you receive
your 2nd check of $3000 (approx) you repay the $202 from that check and
keep the rest, and so on each month. Delores actually signs the credit card
information for the monthly (not you). I realistically believe if we share this to
our 5 trustworthy people who do same, we should all average a consistent $3000 to $4000 a month - if not MORE!!!!.
Pull the fax-on-demand at 877-627-4720 (it's FREE, an 800# as you can see) and decide for yourself.   Keep in mind, I am totally aware that some of you are working diligently on other programs. However, where can you find someone offering an opportunity ($1000) to start a residual income type business?
Oh, you have to use your correct fax number and when it asks for the ext # or telephone number, or whatever it asks for,
just put in your fax number again. I think you will have to put in your fax number twice.  Include the 1 and the area code!
Once you have pulled the fax on demand, Fill out the Associate Agreement and Autoship form with the following information:
---> Your name and ID # (your Social Security Number)
---> Leave the Sponsor and Placement information BLANK
---> Mark the box next to "Yes I want to enroll in AutoShip" and then               indicate which week of the month you want your shipment to go out.
---> Fill in the order information indicating you want item       (the executive business Pack, $995)
---> Leave Payment information blank, our benefactor is paying!!
---> Sign the application once in the Autoship/order information area
     and then print and sign your name at the very bottom.  Be sure
     to date it.
--> IMPORTANT!!  Leave the Sponsor and Placement information BLANK!!!
Finally, mail both pages of the agreement to:
Home Business Opportunity Group:
306 Spring Street
Hendersonville, NC 28739
Oh, by the way, only one person per household can receive the $1000 benefactor Executive Business Pack position. You are my first selected
members who will be on my first level (1st come, 1st serve any of you beyond my top 5 will be placed under other people so that everyone gets some help in getting their 5. This is so simple to get 5, simply ask anyone if they want a monthly income of $2000 to $5000 a month without doing anything! This is a phenomenal company and it is incredible to get this type of opportunity, so hurry and get your application in!
CAREFULLY fill Out the Application-->Leaving Payment and Sponsor Areas BLANK for the benefactor.
Thank You Delores for being our benefactor.
Daniel Lee
The Home Business Opportunity Group
To be removed, please reply with remove
as the subject.
