
@_date: 2000-11-14 14:53:00
@_author: fx.bodin at winealley.com 
@_subject: CDR: Meet us on Wine Alley 
I found your address while surfing the Net for sites that have wine, good food and gracious living and I thought that you will be interested by the services that our site offers.
 is a virtual Club for all those interested in wine in both a professional and personal capacity.
On the site you can talk to others about wine, buy and sell and have access to the best professional sources.  Already we have more than 3500 members!  By the end of the year we confidently expect this to swell to 10,000.
Club members use the Newsgroup of  to exchange information and experiences.  Only the other day someone asked how much a certain rare wine was worth, I asked for more information about the grape variety, which doesn't grow in France. Currently there have been more than 673 questions and replies.
There is also the small ads. column.
Among the 7 adverts placed this week there have been some really good deals including a magnum of 1945 Pichon Lalande and a 1947 Cheval blanc!
Let me make it clear -  itself does not sell or buy wine: we simply offer our members the facilites for making their own arrangements.
 is also a site supplying information in real time, particularly the latest news from winegrowers and makers via the French Press Agency (AFP).  We also have a database of more than 21,000 wines with information supplied directly to the site by winegrowers co-operatives and specialist magazines.
I should be delighted if you would come and join us.  At  you will find similarly-minded people who just want to share their love of wine.
Kind regards
François Xavier Bodin, Manager of the Online Club
fx.bodin at winealley.com
PS.  Registering with the  club is absolutely free and commits you to nothing.
If you are not interested in my offer, please excuse this letter; I am sorry to have bothered you.  To prevent further unwanted intrusions please click on the following link, your email will be automatically removed from our list.
