
@_date: 2009-09-24 07:36:41
@_author: Bonita Cornelius 
@_subject: Acai Elite will make you a few sizes smaller. 
WebMD - Weight Control Newsletter
Friday, August 14, 2009         In This Issue:
                      • Don’t Let Girls’ Night Out Ruin Your Waistline
                      • Banish Weight Gain Behaviors
                      • A New Diet Pill, but Is It Safe?
                                Also See:
                                  • Can Water Help You Lose Weight?
                                  • Go Ahead, Indulge! (a Little)
         Health News & Features
Girls' night out is great, but eating with a large group of female friends may bust your diet.
                      • High Cholesterol Linked to Alzheimer's
You may be sabotaging your weight loss program with eating habits you don't even know you have.
                      • The Benefits of Summer Corn
                      • ADHD: Top Foods for Better Focus
                    • Weight Control After Hysterectomy				                      A New Diet Pill, but Is It Safe?
This member really wants to lose weight. She's considering a new diet pill and asks others for feedback.
        From Our Sponsors
                    Pregnant?  Give Your Baby Every Advantage for a Healthy Future
The blood remaining in your baby's umbilical cord after it has been cut is rich in stem cells. These cells have already been used to treat nearly 70 serious conditions-including brain injury and cancer. Cord blood stem cells can only be collected minutes after your baby's birth, so it's important to know your options before you get to the delivery room. Explore what cord blood banking has to offer your family. Visit the Cord Blood Banking Education Center
                    Treating Rheumatoid Arthritis-Real Patients, Real Stories, Real Life
Looking for something beyond anti-TNF treatment for RA? Watch as Jay and his doctor talk about deciding on a therapy that works in a different, targeted way. Jay & Dr. Mease Discuss Targeted B-Cell Therapy
                    Atherosclerosis: What's Cholesterol Got to Do With It?
One major cause of atherosclerosis, or "athero" as it's called, is high levels of LDL (bad) cholesterol, which play a role in the formation of plaque buildup. Learn more about a treatment that may be able to help slow the progression of atherosclerosis and get tips for starting the conversation with your doctor. Learn More About Cholesterol and Athero - the Artery connection
        Newsletter ManagementDon't miss an issue of this newsletter. Add WebMD to your email's safe sender list -- get instructions here.
                	You are subscribed as cypherpunks.
              		View and manage your WebMD newsletter preferences.
             		Subscribe to more newsletters. Change/update your email address.
              		 .
              		To unsubscribe from ALL WebMD newsletters, send a blank email to               		 .                            		WebMD Privacy Policy
                    WebMD Office of Privacy                     1175 Peachtree Street, Suite 2400, Atlanta, GA 30361                     © 2009 WebMD, LLC. All rights reserved.
