
@_date: 2007-06-09 01:23:21
@_author: Gary McGuire 
@_subject: ECC2007 
SECOND ANNOUNCEMENT
THE 11TH WORKSHOP ON ELLIPTIC CURVE CRYPTOGRAPHY (ECC 2007)
Hosted by
Claude Shannon Institute for Discrete Mathematics, Coding and Cryptography
University College Dublin, Ireland
September 5th-7th, 2007
ECC 2007 is the eleventh in a series of annual workshops dedicated to the
study of elliptic curve cryptography and related areas. Over the past
years the ECC conference series has broadened its scope beyond
elliptic curve cryptography and now covers a wide range of areas
within modern cryptography. For instance, past ECC conferences
included presentations on hyperelliptic curve cryptography,
pairing-based cryptography, side-channel attacks, voting protocols,
quantum key distribution, AES, hash function, implementation issues,
and deployments.
At the same time ECC continues to be the premier conference on elliptic
curve cryptography. It is hoped that ECC 2007 will further our mission
of encouraging and stimulating research on the security and
implementation of elliptic curve cryptosystems and related areas, and
encouraging collaboration between mathematicians, computer scientists
and engineers in the academic, industry and government sectors.
As with past ECC conferences, there will be about 15 invited lectures
(and no contributed talks) delivered by internationally leading experts.
There will be both state-of-the-art survey lectures as well as lectures
on latest research developments.
  Intel
  Certicom
  Claude Shannon Institute (Ireland)
  Steven Galbraith (Royal Holloway)
  Tanja Lange (University of Eindhoven)
  Alfred Menezes (University of Waterloo)
  Gary McGuire (University College Dublin)
  Christof Paar (Ruhr University of Bochum)
  Michael Scott (Dublin City University)
  Scott Vanstone (University of Waterloo)
CONFIRMED INVITED SPEAKERS:
Jinhui Chao (Chuo Univ.)
Pierrick Gaudry (LORIA)
David Kohel (Univ. of Sydney)
Laura Hitt (Univ. of Texas)
Tanja Lange & Dan Bernstein (Tech Univ. Eindhoven, Univ. Illinois)
Liam Marnane (Univ. College Cork)
David Naccache (ENS)
Axel Poschmann (Ruhr Univ. Bochum)
Berry Schoenmakers (Tech Univ. Eindhoven)
Joseph H. Silverman (Brown Univ.)
Ben Smith (Royal Holloway)
Katherine Stange (Brown Univ.)
Pim Tuyls (Philips)
Fre Vercauteren (K. Univ. Leuven)
Scott Vanstone (Univ Waterloo)
Richard Walton (GCHQ)
SUMMER SCHOOL:
  Tanja Lange will be teaching a short introductory course
  on elliptic curve cryptography on Monday 3rd September
  and Tuesday 4th September. The course is intended for
  graduate students in cryptography and mathematics.
  There are no fees for this course.
TRAVEL AND ACCOMMODATIONS:
  University College Dublin is located 3.5km south of the centre of Dublin.
  We have reserved rooms in three nearby hotels.
  These rooms will be held until July 27.
  All information is available on our website
    To register you need to complete the registration form and
  pay online at the conference website.
  Alternatively you can pay by bank transfer.
  Full details are on the website
FURTHER INFORMATION:
  For further information, please contact:
  Gary McGuire (gary.mcguire at ucd.ie)
  or see our website
  --- end forwarded text
