
@_date: 2003-12-07 18:54:51
@_author: Greg Newby 
@_subject: Decline of the Cypherpunks list...Part 19 
References: Hey, John -- wear some of that shit, and I promise to be grossed out.
But seriously, has anyone considered that maybe the problem is Tim
May?  His hate-filled ignorance is a real impediment to anyone who
might otherwise be interested in "the cause."  His spews are pretty
distasteful, and to him, anyone who didn't start cp a zillion years
ago is just an ankle biter come-lately.
I've only been on the list for 3 years, but I'd say that things were a
lot more interesting before (In-) Choat jumped ship.
As to John's comments, they're right on: getting subscribed is a major
PIA, and even finding out where the information about the list *is* is
non-trivial for the uninitiated.  Lack of cooperation from list
managers is just the tip of the iceberg...  unfriendliness to wanna-be
participants is endemic.  So "decline" is the exact right word: the
same people, more or less, with attrition: a downward curve.
And a big "fuck you, too" to anyone who thinks otherwise.
  -- Greg

@_date: 2004-06-25 01:08:58
@_author: Greg Newby 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] The Fifth HOPE in NYC (fwd from 
References: <20040625080238.GT12847
Yes, I'm one of the 5H organizers.  We'll be audio & videotaping,
so eventually you'll be able to get the full story.  I'll try
to write something up afterwards, or email me directly.  From
the description, it's hard to tell whether this will be something
revealing, or just a review of the well-known.
  -- Greg

@_date: 2006-02-14 09:47:11
@_author: Greg Newby 
@_subject: HOPE Number Six call for participation 
HOPE Number Six ( is this summer's hacker
conference sponsored by 2600 Magazine.  Presenters and artists from all
nationalities and disciplines are again invited to participate in this
forum.  HOPE Number Six covers all aspects of hacking, the community
surrounding it, and its effects across the world.
For three days, The Hotel Pennsylvania will be the nexus of discussion,
planning, and activity for hacker ideas, opportunities, and
There are several ways to participate:
   * Speak: Presentation ideas should be submitted with a synopsis of
the topic along with presenter bio, and will be chosen by relevance and peer review.  Panels, talks, tutorials, debates, or other types of
presentations are all welcome.  Most presentations will be 55 minutes.
   * Interact: Demonstrations of new and interesting technologies or
system elements as well as artistic exhibits are welcome.  We have
20,000 square feet of presentation space to fill, so projects of all
sizes will be considered.  Robots, Segways, Legos, RFID, digital
graffiti -- submit your creative ideas!
   * Display: All sorts of presentations, demos, workshops, classes, posters, and other ways of sharing information are encouraged.  Space and time will be provided to accommodate proposals.
   * Sell: Space is also available for vendors.  Prospects should describe
their group and the items they are selling.  Vendors are chosen by
relevance to the conference topic and organization size.
Topics related to all aspects of hackers and hacking are welcome.  In
past years, sessions have included these themes:
   * New technologies
   * Effects of new laws and business models
   * Hackers and activism
   * Telephone systems
   * Radio communication
   * Intelligence gathering
   * Lockpicking
   * Privacy
   * System internals vulnerabilities
   * Copy protection
   * Governments
   * Strong crypto
   * Data exchange
   * Voting systems
   * Social engineering
   * Programming techniques
   * Hacker Ethics
   * Stories from K-12
   * Surveillance
   * Systems administration
   * Worms and viruses
   * The man and how to avoid him
   * Information privacy
   * International cooperation
   * Peer to peer networks
   * Wireless
   * Culture jamming
   * Low-power radio
   * Black hats and white hats
   * Cyberterrorism and cyber protests
   * Teaching hacking
   * The media
Other topics are welcome, especially those offering fresh views and new
variants on old themes.  Submissions should be sent to
"speakers at 2600.com" and include names (or aliases) and email addresses
in addition to the information requested above.
Conference planning is ongoing throughout the spring, so submit your
ideas or suggestions as early as possible.  Late proposals will be
considered only if space is still available.
For more information about HOPE Number Six, check the web pages at
  These pages provide opportunities to volunteer,
as well as information about travel, the hotel, and more specific info
on speakers, tutorials, and the many activities that will be ongoing.

@_date: 2006-07-03 13:18:15
@_author: Greg Newby 
@_subject: HOPE Number Six schedule posted 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
July 3, 2006 CONTACT: press at 2600.com +1 631 474 2677
2600 Magazine - The Hacker Quarterly is pleased to announce our upcoming
conference, HOPE Number Six, taking place in New York from July 21st to
23rd, 2006. HOPE stands for Hackers On Planet Earth, and these
conferences have become a gathering point for thousands of computer
hackers, phone phreaks, net activists, government spooks, and a whole
lot of curious people from all corners of the globe. The HOPE
conferences have been running since 1994.
HOPE Number Six will bring thousands of hackers together in the middle
of Manhattan for three complete days of speakers, demos, videos, and
workshops. Conference space in the Hotel Pennsylvania (Seventh Avenue
and 32nd Street, across from Penn Station) will be transformed into a
nexus for learning about hacker culture and seeing what hackers have
been working on lately. HOPE Number Six is open to anyone interested in
learning and participating.
The conference program includes three packed days of speakers with two
main speaker tracks and a third track scheduled on-site. Additional
space has been set aside for presentations, demonstrations, and
workshops. We will have a variety of vendors at the conference, and the
whole space will be connected by a huge computer network with extremely
high bandwidth.
Highlights include talks by free software pioneer Richard Stallman,
former punk rock singer turned spoken word artist Jello Biafra, the
former "most dangerous hacker in the world" Kevin Mitnick, Project
Gutenberg founder Michael Hart, former CIA operative Robert Steele, and
acclaimed private eye Steven Rambam.
Over 100 speakers will have presentations on a variety of topics
including computer hacking, phone phreaking, legal issues, wiretapping,
cryptography, urban exploring, lockpicking, and spying. In addition we
will present the return of a favorite panel: social engineering - or how
to get sensitive information from people who really ought to know
better. A live demonstration of how to do this is planned.
Additional talks include how to decode New York City's MetroCard, hacker
filmmaking techniques, and even a discussion of hacker cooking. A panel
of famous hackers who have gone to prison is also scheduled as is a
study of the European hacker scene. And, in a first, there will be a
"broadcast" of the WBAI hacker radio show "Off The Hook" in "indecent
mode," designed to demonstrate the absurdity of current FCC policies.
The New York debut of the Geek Comedy Tour 3000 will also be showcased
as will the world premiere of "Urchin," a feature length movie starring
several cast members from the hacker world. "The Lost Film Festival," a
three hour, culture jamming video showcase will return after being
featured at our last conference in 2004.
But speakers are only one part of the HOPE conference. Throughout the
huge complex, there will be such activities as Segway riding games, a
Capture The Flag competition, a showcase of ancient computer systems
known as retrocomputing, dramatic demonstrations of what Voice over IP
technology is capable of, and an Internet connection faster than any
ever seen at a hacker conference in the United States (more than 30
times faster than our last conference). Public terminals will also be on
hand for those who don't bring their own computers to tie into the
Running parallel to the HOPE conference on Saturday afternoon is the
Palltech Seminar, an intensive series of talks designed for
investigators, private eyes, law enforcement, and anyone else who's
interested. All of the speakers from this seminar will also appear at a
HOPE panel entitled "Privacy Is Dead - Get Over It."
Hackers are curious people who live to learn and share information with
others. Periodically, hackers like to meet up with like-minded people to
learn from each other. At every HOPE conference, a whole new generation
of hackers has been inspired to pursue knowledge and work on creative
projects. Non-hackers also come to HOPE and learn from the hackers. New
friendships and alliances are formed, and the world is hopefully changed
ever so slightly for the better. Each HOPE conference is unique and
incorporates new themes. HOPE has changed and grown substantially since
the first conference, and this one is going to be different from the
previous one. But one thing remains constant: it will be a fun and
memorable event.
To view the conference schedule, register for the conference, or get
further information, visit About 2600 Magazine: 2600, The Hacker Quarterly, has been in print since
1984. With a circulation of over 80,000, it is the voice of hackers in
the U.S. and beyond. 2600 Magazine has been organizing the HOPE
conferences since 1994. For other information, visit

@_date: 2007-04-29 11:56:44
@_author: Greg Newby 
@_subject: Cryptome takedown 
As seen on Slashdot:
  Here's the mail John got, specifying a May 4 termination:
  John, I could temporarily host cryptome.org on
readingroo.ms.  I have a partial mirror, and with
your permission could ingest the rest of the site.
readingroo.ms is hosted by the Seattle Community
Colocation Project, in a good data center.
John's message on /.:
"Right, Cryptome happily chokes on slashdot, but not to worry, mirrors
are available as noted below.
Cryptome and its affiliated sites will continue with another ISP, in the
US or elsewhere. Or if necessary, underground, or via means not easily
shuttered, or by way of whatever is invented for opposing technologies
of information control (credit to Steven Wright, author of The
Technologies of Political Control:   -- Greg

@_date: 2008-05-14 23:13:16
@_author: Greg Newby 
@_subject: Fwd: Hackers to Track Visitors at The Last HOPE 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Hackers Track Visitors to New York City
New York, NY - May 15, 2008 - This summer, hackers from around the world will track the movements of thousands of visitors to New York City.
As part of a social experiment, attendees at a hacker conference in July will be issued badges with electronic tracking devices.  Large displays will show in real-time where people go, with whom they associate, for how long and how often.
The tracking technology, known as RFID, is fast becoming an unseen part of everyday life.  This July, for the very first time, the general public will be able to participate in the transparent operation of a major RFID tracking program.
Conference attendees will participate in games built around the tracking system.  Players will seek ways to protect their privacy, find vulnerabilities in the tracking system, employ data mining techniques to learn more about other participants, and choose how much personal information they will disclose in order to play.
This demonstration will be open to the public at The Last HOPE conference from July 18-20 at the Hotel Pennsylvania in New York City. The first 1500 preregistrants will be guaranteed an RFID badge enabling them to participate in the game.  More information and preregistration is available at Contact: press at hope.net

@_date: 2012-06-30 15:16:32
@_author: Greg Newby 
@_subject: FreedomBox - reports of its death greatly exaggerated? 
References: <20120630184649.GP12615
Indeed.  They're even part of a pre-HOPE workshop at Columbia U.: "The
Open Internet Tools Project has partnered with FreedomBox, InformSec
and ISOC-NY to host a circumvention tools hackfest in NYC right before
HOPE," and the group will have a presence at HOPE Number Nine:
    -- gbn

@_date: 2014-01-25 13:14:38
@_author: Greg Newby 
@_subject: HOPE X Call For Speakers 
Attention all hackers, makers, whistleblowers, artists, phone phreaks, rebels, technologists, and free thinkers everywhere! Come and share your ideas, thoughts, and passions with thousands of really bright, creative, and open-minded people in New York City this summer at HOPE X.
We have room for around 100 talks and panels covering a wide range of topics, limited only by our collective imagination. Past talks and panels
have included: anonymity, surveillance and countersurveillance, social
engineering, hardware hacking, cryptography, privacy, security, censorship,
programming, democracy and law, digital protests, society hacking,
copyright, phone phreaking and telecommunications, new technologies, all manner of experimentation, and so much more. We are constantly searching for innovative subjects and presentation formats. Come and show us what
you've got!
All types of presentations are encouraged, from solo talks to panels, debates, demonstrations, and interactive discussions. (Workshop ideas and art exhibitions are also welcome - see the applicable sections on the
HOPE X site.) Most presentations will be allotted 55 minutes - including time for questions from the audience.
If you would like to be a speaker, submit a title and a description of the proposed presentation (two to three paragraphs) along with a short biography (three or four sentences will suffice). Submissions should be sent by email to speakers at hope.net. Be sure to tell us why you think the topic and content are relevant to the hacker community and to HOPE X We also recommend reading our additional tips on speaker submissions which
can be found at  under "Call for Participants."

@_date: 2014-07-17 18:47:30
@_author: Greg Newby 
@_subject: CPunks @ HOPE 
References:  <53C83AF4.50201 <53C83CBA.7070508
 <5e8bbf39-fc7f-4dba-a7f9-c974400e00dd
I'm going to be helping out backstage etc. as in the past.
The guy in the blue suit.  The program is fantastic.  Workshops...vendors...art...
all kinds of stuff!
  -- Greg

@_date: 2016-02-01 17:08:54
@_author: Greg Newby 
@_subject: Publishing CIA's Declassified Vault 
References: Dear Michael,
Good luck with this!  In case it's useful, there is a lot of information and community knowledge about scanning, hosting eBooks, etc. at  (FAQ, HOWTO) and   If there might be anything I could help with, just ask.
  Best,
  Greg Newby

@_date: 2016-02-22 04:19:00
@_author: Greg Newby 
@_subject: CFP is out for The Eleventh HOPE 
Many on the CP list have been presenters in the past.  Speaker submissions are open (title, abstract, bio to speakers at hope.net).  The event is July 22-24 in New York at the HOtel PEnnsylvania:
    It promises to be a good time.    - Greg
