
@_date: 1995-10-04 09:11:38
@_author: Michael J Gebis 
@_subject: Netscape hole without .Xauthority (fwd) 
I have not used it for this purpose, but ssh claims to do "Secure X11
sessions."  Actually, I'm interested in what the cypherpunks think of ssh in
general; I'm not able to do a strong analysis of the code myself.  If
it does everything it claims to do, it's a very powerful tool;
however, I don't know of any in-depth studies of ssh security.

@_date: 1995-10-05 16:38:42
@_author: Michael J Gebis 
@_subject: SSL telnet vs. SSH. Comparison? 
I'm not answering your question, but if people are looking for secure
telnet implementations, here's a list that I saved from a while back.
It's a bit obsolete (for example, I think ssh is on version 1.2.0 now)
but it will get people started.
I've been using ssh for a while, and it's the ultimate in convenience.
If you haven't tried it, give it a look.  (I make no claims about the
security; hopefully, someone on the list will take a look and do an
in-depth analysis. :)
 INCLUDED FILE
Thanks to everyone who responded to my posting regarding a `secure
telnet' implementation:
    Is there a (possibly free) implementation of something like a
    "secure telnet"?  I'm looking for a way to login into a remote
    system providing secure interactive communication between the two
    hosts over (possibly insecure) Internet connections.
Here's a summary of the implementations I am now aware of:
* SSL There is a free implementation of Netscape's SSL Protocol (Secure
Socket Layer) by Eric Young named "SSLeay"
.  Eric Young is also the
author of a popular DES Library.
SSL provides a secure authentication and encryption basis on top of
which application protocols like telnet, ftp, and http may be
transparently added .
However, the RC4 encryption using a 40 bit key, which is employed by
SSL, has recently been cracked with a brute force attack, see
RISKS-17.27 .
A modified version of telnet that uses SSL-based authentication and
encryption is also available
* Deslogin
Deslogin by Dave Barrett  provides a
network login service much like rlogin/rlogind.  Deslogin uses a
`challenge-response' protocol to authenticate users.  Also, all data
transmitted to and from the remote host in encrypted using the DES.
Deslogin also includes a command-line program `cipher' for fast DES
encryption. * SRA Telnet This is a version of the SRA Telnet modified by the Technical
University of Chemnitz.  A session key is negotiated using an
uncertified Diffie-Hellman-Method and used for the encryption of UID
and password.  The complete session text in encrypted with DES in CFB
mode. * Ssh
Ssh (Secure Shell) is a program to log into another computer over a
network, to execute commands in a remote machine, and to move files
from one machine to another.  It provides strong authentication and
secure communications over insecure channels.  Among other features,
Ssh is a complete replacement for rlogin, rsh, and
rcp. * Skey
Bell Canada's `skey' free-ware implements a one-time password system,
so that sniffers can get your ID and PW, but can't use the PW next
time.

@_date: 1995-10-30 23:32:06
@_author: Michael J Gebis 
@_subject: Digicash will not fly (not) 
Theoretically, when I pay sales tax I get something in return (better
roads, nicer schools, improved NSA wiretaping, and other government
services.)  With digicash, you're paying for the use of the money
What sort of charges do Visa/Mastercard impose upon merchants?  I
thought it was 3%; if so, I would suspect that this is the level of
"off-the-top" skim that the market will sustain, and DigiCash should
probably use a similar rate.

@_date: 1996-02-27 10:42:35
@_author: Michael J Gebis 
@_subject: Remember, RC4 is now PC1 (fwd) 
The latest version of ssh has something named "arcfour, which is a
cipher based on a usenet posting in Spring-1995.  It is widely
believed and has been tested to be equivalent with RC4.  (RC4 is a
trademark of RSA Data Security."
This cipher was added when the RC4 support was removed.
Wink, wink.

@_date: 1996-01-31 03:27:52
@_author: Michael J Gebis 
@_subject: RC2 code on sci.crypt 
What he actually said was, "It's not obviously a lousy algorithm," or
something like that.  I took this to mean, "in the few hours I've had
to look at the code, I have not spotted any obvious problems."
He couldn't say, "It's obviously not junk," because non-junkiness is
never obvious.
