
@_date: 2007-07-12 21:09:00
@_author: Gene Wirchenko 
@_subject: Jogger with iPod Struck by Lightning 
A Canadian jogger happened to be carrying an iPod at the wrong place at the
wrong time. Lightning struck his body during a thunderstorm, and the current
ran along the path of the earphones and into his head, causing injuries to
his jaw and ear eardrums. The patient's physicians say the combination of
sweat and the metal earphones directed the current to his head.

@_date: 2011-12-02 11:15:23
@_author: Gene Wirchenko 
@_subject: "Carrier IQ and Facebook pose the least of your privacy threats" 
Galen Gruman, *InfoWorld*, 2 Dec 2011
Users are regularly signing up for Big Brother-like tech that could
result in the loss of insurance coverage or worse
selected text:
But the worst risk is what people aren't talking about: Big Brother-type
technology used to monitor specific individuals and shape their behavior
through penalties and rewards. If the government were doing this, we'd have
people in the streets, but in the hands of private companies, these
seductive methods convince people to naively agree to being controlled.
Take, for example, Progressive Insurance's program of offering tracking
devices to monitor how you drive. If you drive safely, as determined by
Progressive, you get an discount. If you're determined to be unsafe, you pay
the "normal" rate.
Given insurance companies' business model -- pay out as little as possible,
take in as much as possible -- the long-term result is obvious: "Unsafe"
drivers will pay more, or they won't be eligible for insurance.
It's not just Progressive. There's been a lot of excitement in the health
care industry over monitoring devices that can make sure people are taking
their medication, eating right, and even exercising. If you do what you're
supposed to, you may get a discount, such as on medical insurance, a measure
now being considered for employer-sponsored plans. If you don't, you may get
nagged, pay more, or be denied coverage. The Orwellian name for such control
approaches is "wellness incentives."
Here is what one poster had to say about the medical monitoring.  That last
paragraph is particularly nasty:
A very good article pointing out activities that are already occurring that
will impact people's lives far more than they think.
My company has been on the leading edge of the health care tracking that is
mentioned in this article.  Already offering incentives for providing
additional health information, they are now offering incentives for
providing detailed health information such as height, weight, cholesterol,
etc.  The plan has already been announced that in another year that
information will be provided to some kind of CSR that will make sure that
your numbers either improve, or that you are actively working on improving
your numbers...or you lose access to the premium insurance.  It is only a
half-step further to lose access to all insurance altogether by
participating in the program.
Unfortunately, most people do not understand the very real problem being
started here.  They likely will not understand it until they get bit by it.
All they see is the discounts being offered.  As someone who spent 9 years
trying to get doctors to understand that I actually was exercising very well
and ate correctly culminating in the discovery of Conn's Syndrome (the
actual root cause of my very high hypertension), I shudder to think how I
would have to deal with that with some under-educated CSR who would simply
report that I clearly was lying about something.

@_date: 2011-11-29 13:35:44
@_author: Gene Wirchenko 
@_subject: "Security researchers say HP printers vulnerable to hackers" 
Woody Leonhard | InfoWorld, 29 Nov 2011
Flaw in HP's printer firmware update procedures could expose your
company's printers to hackers. Here are the steps you should take to
protect them
selected text:
MSNBC released an "exclusive" report quoting two Columbia University
researchers as saying that millions of HP printers are open to potentially
devastating online hacks. While the security holes appear to be very real,
there's a great deal of question about whether the attacks could ever be
implemented in a real-world situation -- and there are steps you can take at
your corporate firewall right now to mitigate the threat.
The fundamental problem stems from the way HP printers validate firmware
updates prior to applying them. Or more accurately, the way HP printers
don't bother to validate firmware updates prior to applying them.
The demo referenced in the MSNBC report involved an HP printer's fuser. The
altered firmware turned the fuser on and left it on, browning the paper and
throwing off smoke, before the printer's thermal interrupt kicked in.

@_date: 2011-11-30 13:42:01
@_author: Gene Wirchenko 
@_subject: "Carrier IQ: The Sony rootkit all over again" 
Robert X. Cringely, *InfoWorld*, 30 Nov 2011
Can someone legally record almost everything you do on your phone
without telling you? Yes. Meet Carrier IQ, whose software is
installed on nearly 142 million handsets

@_date: 2012-04-16 08:08:53
@_author: Gene Wirchenko 
@_subject: "Apple under fire for backing off IPv6 support" 
Apple under fire for backing off IPv6 support
Presenters at the North American IPv6 Summit expressed annoyance that
the latest version of Apple's AirPort Utility is no longer compatible with IPv6
4/13/2012 3:01:00 PM By: Carolyn Duffy Marsan

@_date: 2012-04-16 08:42:58
@_author: Gene Wirchenko 
@_subject: "Did first DDOS attack sink the Titanic?" 
Did first DDOS attack sink the Titanic?
Well maybe not. But overstressed wireless operators inundated with
personal messages played a critical role on the night of the tragic sinking.
4/13/2012 10:12:00 AM By: Sharon Gaudin

@_date: 2012-09-04 10:54:55
@_author: Gene Wirchenko 
@_subject: "When virtualization becomes your worst enemy" 
Wrapping everything up in the same box makes hard tasks easy and big
problems bigger, *InfoWorld*, 4 Sep 2012
  [The IT version of putting all of one's eggs in one basket?]

@_date: 2012-09-05 14:02:03
@_author: Gene Wirchenko 
@_subject: "Automated DRM keeps spoiling the show, from the DNC to Mars" 
Simon Phipps and Ted Samson, Robots aren't smart enough to decide if video
or song is used lawfully; instead of trying to improve content monitoring
software, we should look to ditch it, *InfoWorld*, 5 Sep 2012
opening text (one of the examples):
Science-fiction fans from all over the world were avidly watching the live
broadcast of the Hugo Awards last Sunday from Chicon 7, the World Science
Fiction Convention in Chicago. This is a venerable event with much more
longevity than you might imagine: Attendees were celebrating the event's
70th year. One of the award winners, British author Neil Gaiman, was
recognized for a script for the cult BBC TV series "Doctor Who." Following
the showing of a clip from the episode, Gaiman took the podium for the award
ceremony to make his acceptance speech.
Then, however, the broadcast was abruptly cut off. A robot at Ustream,
presumably using data provided by the BBC, decided on the basis of that
short clip that this was an illegal broadcast of "Doctor Who" and pulled the
plug. Worse, it turned out that no one at the Hugo Awards or at Ustream was
empowered to turn it back on again.  Ustream has promised to upgrade its
robot to understand fair use, but the proposal is both ridiculous -- even
judges struggle with fair use arguments -- and dangerous.
