
@_date: 1996-08-10 01:15:06
@_author: geoff 
@_subject: PGP Mailer for the masses ? 
cypherpunks at toad.com
Thanks, for describing the features of Pronto Secure :)
This is how Pronto Secure matches up to your checklist:
YES (do on the fly signature checking as mail arrives in inbox)
NO  (we handle certification by allowing the user to modify a list of      trusted certifiers for signing keys)
NO  (Key is shown as an attachment icon double click on it adds it to     the keyring)
YES (or the clipboard)
YES (or prompt user to supply address)
NO  (signing keys is a separate process. This gives the user an     opportunity to authenticate on another channel)
NO (Keyboard sniffing is too easy to do in Windows, This would give       a false sense of security)
YES (Separating UI from security functionality is also the right          way to go for offering plug in security providers)
NO  (It will not be an easy task to design a general library of UI       elements that any mail client will be able to seemlessly plug into.)
It exists. Plus a few additional features not mentioned, and a much longer wish-list in the process of being implemented.
Check it out. It is available from IMPORTANT: COMMTOUCH WILL GIVE A FREE COPY OF PRONTO SECURE TO ANY MEMBER OF THE CODERPUNKS/CYPHERPUNKS LISTS SUPPLYING USEFUL FEEDBACK ABOUT THE PRODUCT.
The impressions of early users of Pronto Secure can be viewed at:  (many of whom are list members)
Regards, Geoff.

@_date: 1996-08-14 05:26:36
@_author: geoff 
@_subject: Fw: Re: Free Pronto Secure Offer 
The offer is still on. A free copy of Pronto Secure in exchange for feedback. Open to anyone on the c'punk list.
         for download.
    for users' impressions.
    for description.
Announcement:   Effective immediately.  New list price for Pronto

@_date: 1996-08-15 18:31:39
@_author: geoff 
@_subject: Fw: Re: Free Pronto Secure Offer 
Unicorn, please try to take a minute to think before hitting that send You infer that a product is critically flawed without even trying it ?
There are quite a few members of this list who are using Pronto Secure and will testify to the contrary. See  for a list of people who take the trouble to try out a product before venturing an opinion.
Agreed that feedback from external testers is a good deal for developers. It is also not a bad deal for evaluators, they get a free copy of a product which in the case of Pronto Secure many find useful (as witnessed by x-mailer headers on c'punk traffic). Testers also get an opportunity to contribute neat feature ideas which helps propagate secure messaging to the masses. Unicorn, you are invited to whitewash my fence :)

@_date: 1996-08-16 10:42:35
@_author: geoff 
@_subject: (NOISE) Re: Free Pronto Secure Offer 
Peer review seems to have voted that their risk paid off.
You misinterpreted my reply to a list member's enquiry about whether our offer of Pronto Secure in exchange for feedback was still available. Unicorn, you are again letting your fingers move faster than your brain. On what do you base your evaluation of our liquidity ? (not that it is relevant). Most Cypherpunks are technically savvy and crypto aware people, they provide a perfect community for evaluating and debugging a security enabling product. I would strongly recommend this route to any developer of serious security enhancing software. My sincere thanks to all c'punks who have and continue to provide incredibly valuable input into Pronto Secure.
Unicorn, you are again making groundless assumptions. I suggest that you do some fence painting before you enlighten us with your opinions about our "kiss ass paragraphs" of code.
Unless Michael Jordon is reading Schneier on the sly, his endorsement of Pronto secure is not worth 99c.
Depends what you are putting in your pipe :)
I venture that most c'punks would agree that moving strong e-mail security into mainstream is a good thing. This is not going to happen without people making money from it.

@_date: 1996-01-05 22:14:02
@_author: geoff klein 
@_subject: Fw: Re: [NOISE] Trying to init security channel 
On 4 Jan 1996 19:40:39 futplex posted the message included below:
1. My apologies to all for the original accidental posting to this list.
2. futplex: "Another satisfied "Power One Time Pad" user, it would            appear...."
Things are not always quite the way they appear, Commtouch are the developers of Pronto Secure, - a pretty good Windows e-mail client providing security services using PGP (or POTP). Lookout for a beta release announcement in early February.
Geoff Klein Product Manager - Pronto Secure *Welcome to the post of Cypherpunk censor - Now Go Home & change your sig.*
-----Begin Included Message -----  From: futplex at pseudonym.com (Futplex)
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Forwarded message:
Another satisfied "Power One Time Pad" user, it would appear....
Futplex *** Welcome to Cypherpunks -- Now Go Home ***
 .
---- End of forwarded message ----

@_date: 1996-01-26 21:05:39
@_author: geoff klein 
@_subject: PGP in Eudora and other mail programs 
X-Pgprequest: signed
Content-Description: PGP encrypted file

@_date: 1996-07-06 01:51:05
@_author: geoff 
@_subject: Lack of PGP signatures 
On 7/3 Brad Shantz Wrote:
I strongly urge anyone who uses PGP on a regular basis to take a look at Pronto Secure. It is a fully featured Windows e-mail client with complete & seamless PGP integration in its native implementation. Security features include: Single click for encrypt sign or decrypt, on the fly authentication, key management, talks to the keyservers, intuitive & flexible certification / trust management, automated key exchange between Pronto Secure clients & more.
The product is in final beta & this will probably be the last opportunity to get a free registered copy. We believe that we have a pretty secure e-mail client. However before releasing Pronto Secure to a less security aware public, we would like to submit the product for additional scrutiny by the members of this list. With this objective in mind, we have decided to extend our special offer to beta testers: Any tester providing us with feedback on the product will automatically be eligible for a free copy of the soon to be released Pronto Secure 1.0.
For a detailed specification see To check out what our existing beta testers have said about Pronto Secure: To apply for the beta send signed mail to secure at commtouch.com. Also please attach your PGP key.
I take this opportunity to thank all members of the list who have up to now assisted in beta-testing the product. Your input has helped make Pronto Secure into what we believe is a truely usable secure e-mail

@_date: 1996-06-22 08:01:08
@_author: geoff 
@_subject: DCSB: Electronic Commerce: The State of the Art 
The signature on the message attached below did not verify.
Pronto Secure has the neat feature of doing signature checking on the fly. In the process of testing PSecure I have collected from the keyservers, the keys of most people on the list who pgp sign their messages. (Another neat feature of PSecure makes this a one click task)
I could quite easily perform the service of bouncing messages with bad signature back to the list.
Please let me know if people agree that this would be a useful service, or is it inappropriate ?
My experience over the past few months is that around 10% of all signed traffic on the list checks with a BAD SIGNATURE!
Geoff Klein
Pronto Secure Product Manager.

@_date: 1996-06-23 04:20:46
@_author: geoff 
@_subject: Bad Signatures 
I am not convinced. For a mailing list it makes sense for all members to be aware of message integrity problems. Not all cypherpunks have your lisp package or Pronto Secure which make signature verification of the 10-20 pgp signed messages per day on the list a non trivial task.
I also like the idea that cpunks provides as a byproduct a platform for developers to test and debug their security products. We really should be getting the bugs out of plain text signatures. You cannot expect Joe User to differentiate between an intruder and a gateway massaging the
Geoff Klein
Pronto Secure Product Manager

@_date: 1996-06-25 13:30:57
@_author: geoff 
@_subject: Bad Signatures 
Thanks to all list members who responded on this issue.
The consensus is that bouncing bad signatures to the list is not a good idea.
In the interest of reducing the number of bad signatures caused by munging which appear on the list, I will continue to bounce messages with bad signatures to the originator only.
Geoff Klein.
