
@_date: 1992-12-04 03:10:36
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: enjoy enjoy 
Great one...!
When I was taking undergrad social science stats, I came up with a similar
one, just one verse though...
Pearson-product-moment-correlation coefficients!
If you still can't get it then you're mentally deficient
Is this really learning or selection by attrition?
Pearson-product-moment-correlation coefficients!

@_date: 1992-12-08 02:48:26
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Anonymous address problems, etc. 
How about e-marks...?  Sort of the next big thing after D-marks (Deutche
Marks, you know, German currency).  I don's like "crydets" because it seems
like it's not straightforward pronounciation, especially when dealing with
other languages; too easy to confuse with "credits," and "cry-debts"
("boo-hoo-hoo, another collection notice!")... we need a word which is
less ambiguous than that.  "Cryp" like "scrip" is also like "Crip," which is
a very very unpleasant connotation and might leave a bad taste in the mouth
of Latinos in the US.  E-Marks.  Clear and straightforward, easy to pronounce and not too many
syllables or weird spelling tweax.

@_date: 1992-12-11 02:22:14
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Questions about US/Canadian Laws about public encryption 
Any attempt at "secret law" in the US would be pretty straightforward to
defeat on the basis that it denies due process and a whole lot else besides.
 Secret court orders!  Retch!  Next person to get one should run not walk to
the offices of the nearest big newspaper or radio/TV station and do a live
on-air interview.  Then the govt has to take on the press as well, and by
that time it's kinda too late.

@_date: 1992-11-02 03:48:32
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Privacy etc. 
Definitely agreed with Tom's take on calling it "privacy" instead of
"encryption."  Connotations are entirely positive, tie in with modesty and
domestic comfort and other nice things.  Privacy and it's opposite: The following quote comes from the novel _We_ by
Eugene Zamiatin, who wrote it in the USSR in the 20s only to see it banned
and himself exiled to Paris.  _We_ was also a primary source of inspiration
for Orwell's _1984_, and is definitely worth reading.
"Normally we live surrounded by transparent walls which seem to be knitted
of sparkling air; we live beneath the eyes of everyone, always bathed in
light.  We have nothing to conceal from one another; besides, this mode of
living makes the difficult and exalted task of the Guardians much easier.
Without it many bad things might happen."
Transparent walls with nothing to conceal.  And of course, people who live
in glass skyscrapers don't throw stones...

@_date: 1992-11-06 04:16:03
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: a cryptographic deal with the devil 
Re. the digital wiretapping "compromise."  As a telecom professional I
absolutely resent and will resist any attempts to mandate backdoors into my
PBXs.  No compromise on that.  Period.  We've all heard the arguements many
times: vast surveillance power, diminution of privacy, potential major
security problems...  I'd like to suggest something of a compromise which doesn't have these
risks.  Common carriers (local and long distance telcos) are currently
required to provide access to line terminals when presented with a court
order for a wiretap.  This access could reasonably be extended to requiring
the telco to connect a demultiplexer in the case of digital transmission, or
some kind of appropriate signal splitter in the case of fiber optics.  The
agency requesting the tap would of course pay the bill for materials and
labor.  Now this gets law enforcement their demultiplexed signal path so
they can tap only the intended target line, but it preserves the existing
structure which prevents law enforcement "hacking," since no backdoors would
be involved. For PBXs (this is my department), a slightly distasteful but acceptable
compromise would be to have interconnect companies (the folks who install
your PBX or key system) register with the local operating telcos, providing
the interconnect company's name and contact information on the telco record
for each subscriber.  So for instance, General Widgets has XYZ Telecom
install a new PBX; XYZ Telecom is required to inform the local operating
company that they have just acquired General Widgets as a client. Now if a
law enforcement agency gets a court order for a tap, they go to the local
telco and ask who the interconnect company is for that subscriber.  (We're
talking here about a scenario in which one or a small number of extensions
in a phone system are believed to be used for criminal purposes, so law
enforcement has to tap those extensions only and not everyone who is on that
phone system.)  Now law enforcement visits the interconnect company and
presents them with the court order, which requires the interconnect company
to provide access to the line terminals of the suspect extension(s), and/or
provide a demultiplexer etc. if needed (at law enforcement's expense of
course)... and of course, under penalty of contempt of court, refrain from
disclosing the situation to the client.  Now this gets law enforcement their legitimately needed access to suspect
extensions on PBXs, prevents interconnect companies from blowing the whistle
to their clients, and still preserves privacy protections since there is no
backdoor into the system.  Now here is why I think the FBI wants backdoors:  Recall that under the "war
on drugs" etc., a ruling was handed down (I can't recall which branch of
govt originated this) which says that a wiretap may be conducted for up to
72 hours for "investigational purposes" without a court order; and the
material recorded may then be used to go and get a court order for a
continuing wiretap.  This places authority in the hands of law enforcement
agencies to conduct taps any time they suspect someone of something, and
then go see the judge after the fact.  Now without backdoors, law
enforcement has to depend on the goodwill of telcos to get access, and is
kind of stuck when it comes to PBXs and key systems.  I'm willing to bet
there is a pretty substantial amount of "investigational" tapping going on,
and that the FBI is interested in vastly expanding it.  The compromises I'm
proposing don't address this investigational tapping, and that's just fine,
since that ought to be challenged in court or defeated one way or another.
-gg at well

@_date: 1992-11-12 02:38:59
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: a cryptographic deal with the devil 
Efrem, re your item on tapping and public records.  Okay I admit it, I did
miss the point of your proposal that any tapping be made the subject of a
public record.  And basically I agree with you on that point. Now the
problem I see is that these agencies will say, "except for taps currently in
process," or "investigations which are still open," which is how the FBI
gets around FOIA a lot of the time. And we all know that in political cases,
the investigation can stay open for a hell of a long time, like until the
targeted individuals die or something. Maybe the way to deal with the "open investigations" issue is to mandate
disclosure of *something* anyway, in some form, on a regular basis, and
certainly it would be nice to have the scheduled disclosures take place a
month or so before elections...!
I still do not want back doors of any kind in our network.  Now speaking of back doors, wouldn't it be a simple matter for someone to
hack out a system which would detect the signals coming into the back door,
and then do something like turn on a message lamp on the telephones (I'm
thinking PBX here, but also consider that deregulation of local switching
will result in some amount of "neighborhood telcos" using PBXs to resell
service...)   Remote access means that some kind of signal has to be sent to
the PBX to turn on the tap, either via normal trunks or some signalling
channel.  Re. John Draper's item about cost of complete RNGs as being 4x the parts
cost: that is a standard figure I've seen in use many times.  Covers labor
and overhead expenses, including parts for prototypes which fail, and all
that.  COmpletely reasonable estimate.  Though it would still be nice to
find a less expensive way to do this.  Now that I think of it, I believe that Billy Sq-you-know-who designed one of
these for me many years ago for exactly this purpose, based on discrete
components... and anyone here who knows Bill knows the quality of his
designs... so if I can dig up that piece of paper, I'll see about bringing
it along to one of our meetings (he drew out a complete schematic).

@_date: 1992-11-12 03:07:32
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: (fwd) A Silver Bullet to Limit Crypto? 
Regarding key registration proposals.  Tim's critiques shed a most interesting light on this problem.  They also
point to parallels with voter registration:
It has been well-known for some time that requiring people to register some
time in advance of an election, causes a decline in participation.  This
decline is most evident among the disadvantaged sector of the population,
for various reasons including inability to take time off from work.  Were
the disadvantaged to vote en masse, they would most likely weigh in on the
side of substantial change, particularly change which would shift the
balance of power in a more socially equitable direction.  As the
powers-that-be prefer to maintain the status quo, they are quite satisfied
with the fact that the disadvantaged aren't voting in larger numbers.
Hence Republican administrations have (in recent history) blocked efforts to
simplify and ease voter registration, as for instance the "motor voter bill"
which would automatically create a voter registration when someone gets a
driver's licence or car registration.
The United States is the world's only remaining Western democracy which
requires advance voter registration.  This practice had its roots in
attempts to prevent newly naturalised US citizens from voting, again, the
result of prejudice and desire to maintain the status quo.  Now that the
Dems are in power, we might consider tying the crypto key issue to the
elimination of voter registration, on the basis that both voting and digital
communication are forms of speech which should not be subjected to a
chilling effect.  Rapid promulgation of decent user-friendly PKSs looks pretty essential at
this point.  I'm thinking, how about approaching Apple to see if they'll
include a PKS along with their Macs, as bundled software, sort of like
Hypercard.  Even if the PKS which is used, has some problem with is, as for
instance the old trapdoor-knapsack system, **anything** is preferable to
nothing at all when it comes to getting the public educated.  Does anyone
here know any of the main people at Apple...?  What do you think they'd have
to say about bundling privacy software along with Macs?

@_date: 1992-11-13 02:26:03
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: (fwd) A Silver Bullet to Limit Crypto? 
Responding to Simsong's critique of my comparison with voter registration.
Point well taken.  Perhaps a comparison with xerox machines in the old USSR
would be more apt: the image of the copier in the guarded room with a loyal
party cadre at the door, having all comers sign a book saying what their
business is using the copier, and showing the material they'd be copying.
The KGB of course was interested in preventing "crime" such as the spreading
of anti-Soviet propaganda.  Now we would say, oh that's not crime, it's just
speech.  Exactly: enciphered text is just speech, and if an actual crime is
organised over a communications medium, the crime itself is the thing to
prosecute, not the speech.  The parallel of state officials controlling access to communications devices
seems to be pretty straightforward to me.  But would it fly on Main

@_date: 1992-11-14 04:11:21
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Rander box 
Re Eric's quote of me agreeing with him that OTPs are "expensive to make
relative to other forms of security."  A point of clarification seems in
I do agree that OTPs are more expensive and less convenient to use than
PKSs.  However, I also believe that the public interest would *best* be
served by having *many* different kinds of cyphers available, including
OTPs, PKSs, and various conventional cyphers, historic cyphers with
relatively little current security value (for educational purposes) and so
on.  The main advantages of OTPs are provable absolute security and the fact
that the basic technique is so straightforward that it probably could never
be banned and put out of circulation.   The time may come when we *need*
OTPs, and we ought to have them ready beforehand, and have them in use in
appropriate situations long before any crisis comes (to gain operational
experience which could lead to improvements).  With regard to PGP, I am not sure what the copyright status is on that one;
and if there is any doubt about it, the govt could screw a lot of people to
the wall on copyright-related charges if they so chose.  I would like it
very very much if PGP was free & clear public domain.  The last thing we
need is for the first warning of tyrrany to be a wave of hardware seizures
on the grounds of having unauthorised copies of copyrighted material.  Now I
may be off base on this point, but the key here is the idea that many
different kinds of cyphers, like many different varieties of plants and
animals, make for a robust ecosystem which can't be wiped out by one plague.

@_date: 1992-11-14 16:27:09
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Rander box and other stuff 
I have a question regarding the ideas which have been circulating about
using CD ROMs as key storage.  How does one go about rapidly and effectively
erasing everything on a CD ROM?  The reason I ask is, in the case of OTPs
you want to cancel your key as it's used, to prevent accidental double-use
of key; and of course in any system you want to make sure that all your
crypto material can be wiped squeaky clean in the event of a barbarian
invasion.

@_date: 1992-11-15 00:42:09
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: What's More Important? 
I suspect the reason why anon remailers haven't gotten their due, and OTPs
are getting so much press here, is that anon remailers are being developed
locally and the development problems for these are straightforward, whereas
good RNGs for OTPs are a sort of sticky technical issue which seems to call
for a lot of debate.  You don't see anyone debating the **software** for
OTPs now, do you...?  And I do agree, anon remailers are absolutely vital in the overall scheme of
things.  If for no other reason, to stop or hinder traffic analysis, which
is a way more powerful form of signals intelligence than most people
realise.

@_date: 1992-11-16 00:59:25
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Rander box and other stuff 
So we need to set up UPSs (uninterruptable power supplies, i.e. backup
power) for our u-wave ovens, and build a standard interface which will set
the appropriate parameters (5 sec on high cook) and start, which can be
connected to a burglar alarm with panic switches and keypad with duress
code.  Then if the barbarians come to the door, it's one-two-three-FLUSH!
Somewhat inconvenient if the barbarians come a-callin' when you're in the
middle of a crypto session ("'scuse me while I put something in for
dinner...") but doable...

@_date: 1992-11-16 03:31:18
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Cryptographer jailed for selling crypto to political opposition? 
Crypto AG is the current name of the Hagelin company, which was founded by
Boris Hagelin shortly before WW2.  Hagelin's main contribution was the
advancement of the mechanical rotor system; their M-209 was a basic part of
Allied battlefield operations.  This machine was about the size of a desk
phone base, and had a little knob which you'd turn to the letter you wanted
to enter, one letter at a time, and after each letter you'd press a handle,
whicc would operate the mechanism and printo out both a cleartext and
ciphertext strip on paper.  The ciphertext would be handed to the radio
operator to be sent in morse (or in civilian use, via telegraph land-lines).
Hagelin made various versions of their basic rotor machine.  One was a
pocket-sized unit, like 3" x 5", with a rotary alphabetic dial on the front.
Hagelin supplied most of the noncommunist world with crypto tech after WW2.
Chances are that Crypto AG has sufficient connexions in high places as to be
able to get its people out of there.  I'm familiar with another case
involving a large northern Euro maker of telecom systems who had two
engineers taken hostage in Iraq on some inflated charge, and sentenced to 7
years... the company fully expects to have its engineers out of there within
six months, no question about it.    -gg at well.sf.ca.us

@_date: 1992-11-17 00:50:35
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Rander box and other stuff 
Eric (Hollander; my last post was to Eric Hughes)-
Your "small laptop with (goodies)" was EXACTLY what we were trying to go for
in 1983/84.  This was the "Cryptex CS-3" project.  Remember that there was
no such thing as a laptop at the time.  What I was proposing was a
self-contained portable encryption terminal.  It would have measured about a
foot wide by 10" long by about 2-3" thick, had an LCD for about six to eight
lines of text at a time, two 3-1/2" FDDs, a pair of sockets for "Codepacks"
(hardware key storage devices which would have been tamper-resistant and
password protected), a good quality keyboard, a modem with modular jack and
optional acoustic couplers (for payphones: low-tech anonymity)... the
Tempest feature would have been achieved by putting 100dB of white noise on
the metal housing, which would have been imperfect but decent enough.  There
was no plan for a hard drive; the operating software would have been a
simple line editor and the crypto routines, all burned into ROM and part of
the main processor board.  No plans for thermite linings at the time either,
though we did have a password routine with a duress option, which would have
erased anything on the FDDs or the Codepacks.  My first intended market for this thing was the political dissident
community, where communication has always suffered to a small but noticeable
degree by the "we can't talk on the phone" factor.  It never got going
because the market was too small.  Now it would seem the time has definitely
come... though whatever ultimately arises out of the cypherpunk scene will
be many many times more sophisticated and versatile.

@_date: 1992-11-18 01:03:18
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Random Numbers Boxes and Cypher Processers 
Why do encryption in the modem instead of the host cpu?  Because then you
have a product which will work with any computer, and all you need is
software to make it adapt to whatever you're using.  Might make it easier to
encrypt and decrypt on the fly also, though this point is of debatable

@_date: 1992-11-20 00:29:17
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: How far is to far? 
Re. Fen's proposal to utilise "broadcatch."  We still have the problems of
slander/libel and breaches of legitimate secrecy.  At risk of sounding naive/idealistic, it would seem that since there is no
way to block information passing through the net (aside from screening at
source, impractical at least!), the solution rests with education of the
net-using population.  Power carries responsibility in equal measure.  We
are giving ourselves the power which comes with privacy; we can begin to
take responsibility for promoting a sense of ethics in the use of the net.
One possible place to start would be at highschool-level computer courses;
perhaps with accomplished hackers coming in and giving guest lectures or
something... the culture of computer-literate youth can begin to include
strong ethical positions regarding respect for the privacy of others,
respect for truthfulness, and a position of personal conscience regarding
law and authority.  Re the latter, this isn't the same thing as blind
obedience, but rather the idea that if there is to be disobedience it needs
to be grounded in deeply held personal ethics, as for example in the case of
civil disobedience.  A strong set of cultural values in these areas might
set a tone which discourages mindless negativity and wrecking.  Now there
will always be those who wreck for thrills.... I don't know how to address
that problem except to note that such individuals are hardly stopped today
by the threat of prosecution.  -gg at well.sf.ca.us

@_date: 1992-11-21 02:24:11
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: How far is to far? 
Miron writes, "Charge for the mix services with crypto money.  The crypto money could be
some networking service..."
Only problem is, once we start anything like a formal barter system, it
comes under the IRS.  The way to avoid that is to keep it a volunteer
organisation with an expectation of time commitment to projects or to
payment of membership dues.  Not-for-profit organisations are of course
regulated in a minimal way (think of your local Model Railroad Club), but
the accounting isn't as strict and the membership transactions don't have to
be reported in detail.

@_date: 1992-11-21 02:40:14
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: "Young Men's Crypto Association," (YMCA) 
Tim, you raise a good point about those who'll wreck for the fun of it, and
more so in reaction to any perceived ethical mainstream position.  Re crypto-anarchy, at heart I'm in favor; in practice I'm in favor; and I
see no contradiction in promoting an internalised sense of ethics in these
areas.  The underlying deep problem is we live in a society which is
addicted to the emotions that go along with violent acts.  Ultimately that
problem needs to be addressed, and it's beyond the scope of this group to do
that, except as each of us can do things in other contexst of our civic
lives.  The difficulty of promoting an ethic of conscience is real; but so is the
difficulty of arriving at a solution to a technical problem; and difficulty
by itself does not stop anyone.  It is erroneous to think that technical
problems are easier to solve than social ones; any of us can name ten or
more areas in which technical problems have proven incredibly complex.  In
most of these examples, the complex problems arise when dealing with
networked systems or systems involving relationships among many elements
which can vary in ways that can't be controlled.  You can see a
straightforward parallel to social problems here: the more variable
elements, the more complexity of solution.  But let's not let that stop us.

@_date: 1992-11-25 01:24:26
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Scenario for a Ban on Cash Transactions 
Tim refers to Brunner's Shockwave Rider as "amazingly prescient."
As he says of Brunner's diagnosis, so say I of Brunner's prescription.

@_date: 1992-11-25 02:03:52
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Question about the MacPGP 
re Tai's item about more user-friendly decryption on the Mac version....
Seems to me we need it for encryption as well...  For instance, telecom
software which allows you to back out into a screen editor where you write
something and then encrypt it, and then get back to telecom and transmit the
ciphertext directly.  In my use of email, spontaneous mail and replies are
vital.  Having to go offline, go into WP, compose, go to crypto and encrypt,
then go back to telecom, link up again, and transmit.... Holy cow, if that
were a prescription for safe sex, it would be "Start a romantic evening.
Just when you and your Love are sitting by the fire holding hands, get in
the car, go to the drugstore and buy condoms.  Then come back to where
you've left your Love waiting by the fireplace, and try to get back in the
romantic mood.  Then before bedtime, walk around the house to make sure all
the lights are off and the oven is off and the dog is in and the cat is out.
Then retire for the night, and try to get the romantic mood going again,
hoping that your Love hasn't fallen asleep while you were making your
rounds..."  Eee-yow, we can do better than that!

@_date: 1992-11-25 02:21:46
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Extortion Explosion 
Polyanna's item about crypto-anonymity protecting informants and background
sources is most interesting.  DEspite my dislike of spying, this idea sounds
pretty decent.  No invasions of privacy or civil rights are necessarily
involved; infiltration is somehow not quite as awful as the spectre of mass
surveillance (if nothing else it's labor intensive, which limits its use to
substantial cases).  And it might just get a lot of results.  Might also
lead to a lot of whistle-blowing on white collar baddies like the S&L
fraudsters.  Hey, long before Michael Milliken's name was in the media, I
heard about his little fraud scheme from a fellow telecom technician who
worked on the PBX in his office and got a whole lot first-hand from casual
chat overheard in the office.  Consider all the secretaries who know their
bosses are cheating, ripping off, and all that.  (Consider them dead if
their crooked bosses ever go through the hard discs and find fragments of
cleartext or even ciphertext hanging about: we need to educate the public on
crypto protocol so people don't make dumb errors that may cost them dearly!)

@_date: 1992-11-26 02:43:35
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: How far is to far? 
Miron Cuperman responds to my concerns about the IRS's claims on barter
systems by saying, "How do you think the IRS is going to trace those banks
and customers behind all the anon mixes?"
I must really disagree here.  If we start sneaking around in the shadows of
legality, we will eventually bring down some nasty attention which will not
help us.  Privacy itself is a mainstream issue.  Dumping all forms of taxes
is not a mainstream issue, in fact the mainstream regards tax resisters as
fringies of the worst order.  This is not to debate the merits of the
substantive issues involved, just to recognise the major PR problem which
exists and say I believe we should stick to the main issue.  I for one don't
want the Feds to have an excuse to lock up the whole net or our little
fragments of it.  We can minimise taxation and stay completely within the law by operating as
a volunteer not-for-profit network.  And then if the Feds come down on us
for using unregistered crypto keys, we have a new issue that the public
haven't become jaded over, which can be made much of in the media.  And I would also say that it's not good to give potential adversaries an
excuse for saying we're doing crypto simply in order to hide illegal
activities such as "tax cheating" or whatever; next it will be dope and
kiddie porn and bank robbery via ISDN, eh...?

@_date: 1992-11-26 02:55:00
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: PGP on local machine (was Re: MacPGP) 
Eli discussed some ideas regarding online encryption... it suddenly occurred
to me that if you were connected to the phone line while doing your crypto
processing, it's entirely possible that some signal would leak through and
if your phone line was being monitored, the nastie-wasties would get the
whole thing including your private key.  Uh-oh, very bad.  Thus the need for
some kind of hardware device which isolates the line and all that.  Perhaps
a specifically cryptographic modem as has been proposed by others here.  And
perhaps a tweak in the software which requires that the user set these
options manually at some point, where a warning message would occur to say,
"don't do on-line crypto unless you have (one of the protected modems)."

@_date: 1992-11-26 03:17:22
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Electronic Banking 
Tim and others write with concern about the possible legal consequences of
setting up a model digital economy.  I would like to suggest that there may
be very little to worry about here.  This entire project constitutes a
research exercise which will no doubt be written up for publication (at
least online publication, which makes sense culturally given the nature of
the community of interest).  It's research and education.  The amounts of
"digital money" involved can be utterly miniscule: pennies.  This is a
"token economy" in the same sense as when psychiatric hospital inmates work
on the ward for tokens they can trade in for snacks and so on, or a
highschool economics class does a similar exercise using Monopoly-type play
money.  This is not illegal any more than any other social science project would be
illegal if all the subjects were adults giving informed consent.  Pennies
are not a controlled substance nor are they a weapon (unless dropped on
people from high places... :-).  By analogy I'm thinking of the laws against bigamy/polygamy, and a group of
adults getting together to study the question of the effects of different
kinds of marital arrangements.  So they have a group where they "pretend" to
carry out different arrangements and then examine the social dynamics
resulting from each.  It's quite obvious we're all concerned about the larger social impacts of
the possibility of a transition to a cashless economy; and we're
hypothesising possible negative consequences and trying to work out
solutions.  That is entirely admirable, and can be presented as such to
anyone who cares to listen to the case.  If this needs any further work to develop research angles, I'll gladly come
up with a bunch of surveys and other measures, and we can put them into use
and harvest some nifty statistical results which might be publishable in the
academic literature.

@_date: 1992-11-26 03:24:33
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: RS232 Crypto Dongle (idea for widely accessible crypto technology) 
Re Phil's items on the Crypto-Dongle.  I'm in favor of a device having a keypad for PIN entry, with a fail -->
destroy function.  Making it small enough to be kept on one's person all the
time, virtually guarantees other manufacturing compromises which would
result in degraded reliability or increased potential for physical breakage.
 It should not be necessary to carry it on you; in any case, possession of
one might raise eyebrows in some quarters.  I believe that carrying out the
entire crypto operation in the dongle is preferable to having it only do the
secret key RSA processing; if for no other reason, compatibility problems
that might result in creation of platform-specific dongles.  Better to have
one Universal Dongle that needs only a platform-specific user interface.  The dongle (suggested brand name: Codepack) could also be sold as a sort of
blank slate into which a user would load his preferred crypto software.  Now
we have a generic product which can be sold over the counter without
prescription, as it were.

@_date: 1992-11-26 15:08:58
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: chip verification ( Was: Tollhouse Cookies :-) 
John Gilmore points out that in hardware, "proving anything becomes very
slippery..."  Seems to me that we can establish degrees of confidence, in
much the same way as pertains to social sciences research: probabilities
that a given result is accurate.  So for instance, we could say that a
device made with parts purchased randomly for cash over the counter at a
number of different suppliers, might have a lower probability of compromise
than one made with parts mail-ordered from the same large supplier to the
producer's workshop every time.  Over time it may be possible to quantify
the measure of confidence.

@_date: 1992-11-27 18:34:33
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Random numbers 
Vanguard's posting about a friend of his in the Air Force telling him some
things about Air Force crypto devices may be of some theoretical interest,
but posting it here really gets me majorly uncomfortable.   Current military
crypto practices are probably very highly guarded secrets.  Posting that
kind of thing, even in a general way, could be very dangerous; if not to
national security then at least to ours.  I'd like to ask we have a general agreement to not post things which may be
classified.  No point giving the govt a good excuse to stop our R&D projects
cold.

@_date: 1992-11-29 00:52:05
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Electronic Banking 
"...and just take the legal risks..."  Wellll, what is there to gain by
taking legal risks, as opposed to doing a research gig where we're trading
in pennies for fictitious goods & services...?  Please spell it out
explicitly; there would have to be a very significant advantage to convince
me to agree.  Like maybe that the govt is about to pull all cash out of
circulation and this is our last hope....

@_date: 1992-11-29 01:01:10
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: "gleason speaks at CPSR..." 
Just a quick note of reassurance here.  Someone at BMUG saw something I
posted about crypto and education and values, and suggested I give a short
talk on that to get discussion going.  I will definitely Not 1) be a
"spokesperson" for anything or anyone other than my own views, and 2) say
anything likely to arouse premature publicity regarding things going on in
the group or on the list.  So in other words I intend to play it way
careful, low-key, stick to social issues, and make it clear that there are
many people far more qualified than I to discuss technical aspects in
detail, and make it clear that there is wide debate and difference of
opinion on the subjects of discussion.  Now also, apologies for not contacting other folks on the list here when
this was just getting set up.  Actually it surprised the heck out of me to
find out how fast the date came up; I was expecting at least another week.
Properly, there are at least ten or twenty people on our list who could be
addressing other groups on these issues.   Any feedback, email back to me
quick, because it's about 12 hours from now...!

@_date: 1992-11-30 00:33:34
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Secure key exchange 
Two possible points of critique in an otherwise good idea.
1) HOME Address?!  As I've said before, that's arguably your most secure
datum since it's where you keep your soft, squishy body, and where the
baddies and black-baggers and so on would just looove to know where to find
you.  Let's not make it any easier for them.  2) "I certify that I'm not a cop or spy."  That doesn't and hasn't ever held
up in any court in the land.  Plenty of precedent in drug case law.  "I want
to buy some pot."  "Okay, first tell me under oath that you're not a nark."
Result: nark laughs all the way to the police station, with fresh catch in
handcuffs.  We can't keep them out, and at some future time might want to
open up a dialog with the LE community on various issues.  No point looking
like a conspiracy if we aren't one.

@_date: 1992-10-02 00:53:02
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Secure IRC 
Interesting ideas so far... Hey, anyone see the Quantum Crypto article in
October Scientific AMerican?  Of course the approach isn't practical at this
point, and doing it over fiber optics won't be any better since the
amplification along the way would raise the quantum process to the classical
level and destroy its value... but even so, interesting as theory...

@_date: 1992-10-10 01:59:50
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: +-=*^ 
I've seen a number of postings so far about "secure *and* authenticated"
requiring advance in-person distribution of key material.  This would seem
to eliminate the main advantage of public key systems, i.e. open
distribution of public keys.  So as long as we're handling key material in
person, how about one-time systems, eh?  Absolutely secure, provably so,
obsolescence-proof, simple & straightforward.  Not particularly exciting
from a theoretical point of view, but one-time systems are practical and on
the bottom line, they work.  What do y'all think...?
-gg at well.sf.ca.us

@_date: 1992-10-11 00:50:52
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: +-=*^ 
Eric, good point about public keys and trust by association.  More on OTPs.
You say the key distribution problem for OTPs is "much worse" than for PKS
and even other conventional ciphers.  "Much worse" in what ways?  The need
for F2F meetings with all possible correspondents is something which exists
with conventional ciphers.  The cost of key storage is trivial: a fraction
of the cost of the yearly (or less frequent) travel to meet each
correspondent in person.  Consider replaceable hard drive cartridges (30 meg
for about a buck a meg), digital cassette formats including applications
involving videocassettes, and so on.  Yes, as you say, you have to exchange
keys each time you run out of key; but you can keep ten years' with of key
(error: "worth" not "with") on hand if you like, taking up less physical
space than a box of cookies.  "Bandwidth required is much higher..."  In what way?  Certainly not in terms
of transmission; a stream cipher is a stream cipher.  Perhaps in that each
plaintext character requires one key character?  This is just another
formulation of the "storage" issue: and again, if you have a stack of 30MB
cartridges, who cares?  Not like we're talking about punched paper tape.
I do agree that PKS offer convenience and features not available with
conventional ciphers.  However, RSA is just one mathematical breakthrough
away from being obsolete, and we have no way of knowing when that
breakthrough occurs.  It may also be that massively parallel processors can
be built through VLSI technology, allowing the cost of brute force solutions
to come down to a reasonable level.  All of this is not by way of getting down on PKS.  I would suggest that we
need a number of different systems, and need to keep them all in fairly
constant use.  I think we're already all in agreement that one of those
systems should be RSA-based.  Now I'm just suggesting that a One-Time system
should be another one among the many.
BTW, sorry I couldn't make today's meeting; various local tasks demanding
attention; plus physical travel distance.   Be back next time...

@_date: 1992-10-13 01:14:58
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: one time pads 
Good hard critique, Eric!  Now if I might try to salvage my position...
"One time pads are very (much more) expensive on a per-link basis than
public key systems..."  Yes, of course.  However I don't envision OTPs as a standard for bulk
encryption on large networks.  Rather, for person-to-person communication in
small networks.  Examples: a group of civil rights attorneys suing the
Federal govt., an international environmental organisation's main offices in
the capital cities of a small number of countries, etc.  Cases where the
adversary is one or more powerful governments, and the number of links
required is relatively small.  Given the nature of the relationships between
these kinds of networks and their adversaries, the expense would seem to be
justified; in any case, the **incremental** cost of for instance a set of
30MB cartridges as compared to a few floppy discs, is an minor fraction of
the cost of the airline tickets and other expenses for trusted couriers.
(oops: "a minor fraction...")
Your discussion of bandwidth can be met with a similar counter-arguement.
First of all, I would reject the use of UPS or (God help us) the *Post
Office* as a courier, particularly where one or more governments may be the
adversaries against whom protection is needed.  So your reference to those carriers is not relevant to the main point of my
case.  I'm assuming that key materials are transported by trusted courier
and are guarded by same until they reach their intended recipient.  Okay,
that *really* drives up the cost, doesn't it...?  Not if the key materials
"hitch hike" on an existing travel plan: attorney A flies out to city B to
visit attorney B... and happens to carry key material onboard in his/her
shoulder bag.  No added cost except for the storage devices, and that is not
significant.  Re mathematical breakthroughs in factoring etc, you say, "we don't know when
that will happen, and we don't know which will happen."  Exactly my point.
*We* don't know.  But the NSA and so on, most certainly do know, and they
won't be telling.  If the breakthrough comes, then the period between that
point and the point when it is publicised, will be one of false security.
Was it Kahn who said nothing is more dangerous than a bad cipher?  My point
here comes down to nothing more or less than the principle of caution in the
face of an unknown.  (Discussion of relative cost of brute force solutions, and the question of
hard problems and scale.)  I agree that my intuition about these things may
be highly flawed. However this doesn't invalidate my point about the
possibility of basic breakthroughs happening behind closed doors.  Now in a
way I'll admit that my arguement here sort of comes down to a black box.
However, again I would assert that there are cases where the almost
irrational caution is worthwhile.  You say in concluding, "Perfect security is not worth the cost in time,
effort, or dollars when the marginal cost of perfection is less (do you mean
more?) than perfection."  You cite examples of international banking
I would cite examples of political movements which have been sabotaged and
destroyed by government covert action.  One need not look far to run into
COINTELPRO and the more recent French govt action of blowing up a Greenpeace
vessel.  Where your adversaries are the intelligence agencies of world
powers, and where lives are at stake, I would say the cost of perfect
security is justified.  Now of course, the French terrorist bombing, the
destruction of Black nationalist and student organising groups in the US,
and other examples, may not (probably would not) have been prevented
altogether by adoption of perfect communications security.  Che Guevara
after all used OTPs, and it was radio direction finding and traffic analysis
(rather than cryptanalysis) which ultimately led to his murder by US-backed
mercenaries.  If we are promoting a tendency which is inherently political, it implicitly
recognises governments as its adversaries.  Our choices of cryptographic
systems should reflect a wide range of applications and not exclude some
a-priori on grounds of cost or convenience.  -George (gg at well.sf.ca.us)

@_date: 1992-10-13 01:49:34
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Game items 
The examples I always refer to are Federal civil rights suits naming the
Federal govt as defendant, and international ecological organisations
conducting whatever business they may be engaged on.  These may or may not
fulfill the game objectives, and they do tend to suffer from being a bit
mundane perhaps to the point of being unexciting.  However they are
historically relevant and probably will be so in the future.
Another possible topic would be womens' access to abortion, though given the
coming change in our govt this may be irrelevant.  How about GIFs depicting sex between consenting adults?  Corporate
proprietary information on new technology, in an age of increasing
international competition (in this case the physical prototypes as well as
information about same).  International intrigues are always interesting:
small countries seek to combine economic power against large countries, that
kind of thing.

@_date: 1992-10-15 02:23:21
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: one time pads 
Re. your point about security and burglary.  An intruder could copy a
one-time pad, but of course an intruder can also copy the private key to an
RSA system as well.  I'll admit that physical key control is easier with
public key systems: one just keeps one's key disc in one's personal
possession at all times, and keeps a couple of backup copies in the hands of
close trusted friends or family who understand and will take equal
precautions.  One could also design physical storage media which are
intrusion resistant in the sense of self-destructing if tampered with or fed
the wrong password; these would work as well for OTP keys as for RSA keys.
In some conceivable applications, physical security can be insured as a
matter of the vital interests of the participants.  Again, I'm by no means trying to suggest that OTPs be considered for
particularly wide application.  Rather, that OTPs and a range of other
systems be designed, implemented, and made available so that potential users
can make their own informed choices.

@_date: 1992-10-16 02:28:15
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Who uses ethernet (Mr Squirrel?) 
Tom, if you're interested in ISDN, my organisation (Integrated Signal) will
probably be in a position to hook you up early next year.  We're 90% certain
to be putting in a network very close to your neighborhood.

@_date: 1992-10-18 01:21:11
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: one time pads 
Sigh... well, I guess I can see if the people I know who are interested,
would do it as a freebie...
Funny thing is, when I first looked into crypto for dissident purposes, back
in 1981 or so, I was interested in a PKS implementation, but someone else in
my circle persuaded me that OTPs would be preferable in some cases.  Now
here we are with a PKS and I'm still making noises about OTPs.  Guess the debate is closed for the moment... congratulations, y'all, for
good arguements in a good tone.  Now the well is about to close for the night, so I gotta scoot. Be back soon...

@_date: 1992-10-20 01:56:22
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: one time pads. 
Re use fo CD ROMs for OTPs.  That would seem to be a variation on the old
theme of the book cipher, which is *not* random and therefore *not* secure.
Also, agreeing on key procedures over the *phone* in *clear voice* is kind
of like sex without a condom.  Not secure.  Not safe.  Potentially deadly.
While we're on the subject of link encryption, the same response pertains to
the suggestion made by someone from SJG here (whose name I ought to know but
my memory for names has more holes than Bush's economic plan) about key
distribution and transmission of cleartext over phone lines.  It *doesn't
matter* if it's encrypted at the BBS server, if it goes in clear over the
phone.  Keyword in context recognition is no problem when dealing with
ASCII.  Various agencies (you know who) have raised this to a fine art.  The
telephone line is precisely the link in the chain which is weakest and needs
most to be protected.  If the nasty-wasties break down your door and go for
your hard drive, it's already too late.  Like worrying about a condom after
the fact.  Now as a matter of record, it's been demonstrated that a processor emits electromagnetic radiation back
over the phone lines as well as electrical power lines, which can be picked
up at a distance.  So consider for a moment that there is a BBS serving
dissidents, who Big Brother wants to monitor.  Seeing all the encrypted
traffic, they install a device on the phone line and the AC to pick up what
the mircoprocessor is doing.  And they see it doing crypto, and they see the
cleartext which is recovered, and get the keys, and the whole damn thing may
as well be transparent.  So for BBSs and such, I would argue that it's
necessary to have electromechanical relays to isolate the computer from the
phone lines when encrypting or decrypting; ideally isolate it from the AC as
well (using an uninterruptable power supply, which will run the computer on
batteries for some period of time, say 45 minutes).  So you have a great big
red toggle switch next to the computer, and for some period during the day
when doing all the crypto processing, throw the switch to the Safe position
to get it off the phones and AC lines.  This might make BBS use a little
less convenient (in that email becomes available the day after it was
posted), but at least it's not literally leaking everyone's secrets into the
airwaves.  This general area is part of a larger topic called TEMPEST.  Anyone else
interested in pursuing this angle...?

@_date: 1992-10-20 02:16:09
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: More private PGP...? 
Hal, I think those would be vry useful.  Now of course, we don't want to
advocate that radio users in the United States do anything like sending
ciphertext over the airwaves, but we might want to develop something that we
can ship to the Gusanos who want to take Cuba back for the Mafia, or maybe
in a better vein, something that the Tien-an-men kids can use when
overthrowing the Commies in China.  Good ideas about message headers.  Since the source code for PGP is widely
available, it would seem a straightforward matter to alter the program to
include the new features.  What I'd really like also is a Mac version....

@_date: 1992-10-21 01:16:08
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Home security... 
Tempest: there are companies which make cages for Macs and PCs, I don't have
addresses but they can probably be found with some searching of ads.  The
main application it would seem, is not the individual home user (unless
s/he's a notorious digital dissident) but rather the encrypted BBS,
particularly one which decrypts and re-encrypts or retransmits messages.
Consider the labor cost of monitoring a computer, and you can see it would
be reserved for the ones that are "significant."  Keeping your computer off the phones and AC while doing crypto processing,
can be fairly easy.  Unplug the darn modem from the phone socket.  (Gee that
was simple, wasn't it?)  Use a laptop and run it entirely on the batteries
while doing crypto processing.  You can go buy an old laptop pretty cheaply
these days...  Or get an uninterruptable power supply for your main
computer; cost will vary from $600 to $1500 depending on how much time you
need to be running on the large batteries which are converted into AC to run
the computer.

@_date: 1992-10-23 02:31:20
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: BBS E-mail policy 
Eric, count this as another vote for default encryption of all
communications links.  Omega: the way to tell is to run a frequency count on the text.  If it
follows the usual distribution for the language it's in, then it's probably
plaintext.  In which case the BBS rejects it.  Voice: yeah, it's a pain in the tail. One thing I thought might be
interesting is to use two digitisers: one for the voice input, another for a
keystream which is derived from a radio or TV program signal which can be
picked up simultaneously by both correspondents.  XOR the two streams
together and then do whatever you have to do to make the encrypted results
transmissable.  I actually tried building an analog version of this about
ten years ago (might even bring it to one of our meetings, just for fun).
Analog voice "encryption" is actually pretty worthless (I didn't know how
worthless until I experimented with it) from a security standpoint.  Voiceprint modification may have some uses.  About five or six years ago I
built one of those: based on a pitch shifter with a graphic EQ on the input
side and another on the output side.  Worked, sort of.  Now there is a
phone you can buy with something similar built in.

@_date: 1992-10-23 02:39:14
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Keystone 
Re BBSs and encrypted email.  Of course it would eliminate liability; well
I would expect the Powers That Be to simply outlaw the use of encryption on
BBSs or find some legal convolution which has a similar result.  The only
way we can win on this is to do what we're doing: get this stuff out there
far & wide before anyone has a chance to stop it.

@_date: 1992-10-26 01:54:38
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Registering Keys with Big Brother 
Tim's summary of Denning raises some interesting points, and no doubt this
will end up in the courts in due time.  Some angles of attack which might be
pursued include 2nd amendment (original grounds: protection against tyrrany)
and 1st amendment.  Re the latter, a lawyer I spoke with some years ago,
proposed the idea that freedom of speech in some cases depends on the
ability for the speaker to determine who will and who will not receive what
is said.  Then of course there is always good oldfashioned civil disobedience.  If
enough people conscientiously violate the regulation, it will become
unenforceable and all the more likely to be overturned.

@_date: 1992-10-27 02:39:00
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Alpha Particles and One Time Pads 
Re Pete's proposal for an on-net random source which could be accessible to
users who would then use a psuedo-random process to select which bits to use
in compiling cypher keys:
What you'll get will be superencipherment, which is no more secure than the
links in the chain.  The random stream would be non-secure; and so we're
left with the security of the psuedo-random selection process.  To analogise somewhat, white noise put through a filter has the
characteristics of the filter.  Try it with FM static and a graphic
equaliser.  Now to play devil's advocate here, I wonder if a less-than-perfect physical
random source would be acceptable, since the potential domain of decryptions
would be large enough that unicity in cryptanalysis would in practice be
unattainable.  What do you think...?

@_date: 1992-10-31 03:45:42
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Why I Don't Use PGP 
Re. Ten Reasons Why I Don't Use PGP:
This is exactly why we need a decent user interface.  The ideal would be a
public-domain wordprocessor, which could be fairly simple, with a menu
option for encrypt/decrypt, signature, and so on.  I've been working on
something like this for my OTP, and would be glad to participate in a
project to do it for PGP and other systems.

@_date: 1993-04-04 03:31:52
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: WB: public kiosks 
Re public kiosks; recall that Community Memory started the idea of
coin-operated kiosks years ago; and presumably still has terminals located
around town.  The technology is quite simple apparently.  Could be
genralised pretty easily.  The terminals are connected to their servers via
off-premise extension circuits, which allow keeping the lines open fulltime
at no per-minute charge.  Then you drop coins in order to respond to stuff.
This of course requires a server in evrey local exchange area where you want
terminals, but that should be no problem in most places.

@_date: 1993-04-08 02:32:08
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Musical Cypher CD project 
Excellent news...!  Recall Matt's & my postings about putting cyphertext
into a CD as part of the artistic presentation....?  The idea being to
establish it as part of the overall protected artistic speech as it were.  Well, I've found a band in the area who have tried doing something VERY
similar and currently have a very decent quantity of material READY TO GO.
Includes hypercard stacks, quicktime movies, macromind movies, miscellaneous
art & screen savers.... a lot of it is footage of the band playing live,
with music tracks included (i.e. show videos), some of it is computer
graphic art, and so on.  The band is called NOW, and they sound like a cross
between Rush, Crimson, and Yes; are incredibly talented, write new songs so
prolifically (sp?) that they could put out 5-10 more albums with what's
already ready... have a couple of albums out on an indie label... and are
ready & willing & way interested in doing a project.  What they wanted to do was put all the video and other stuff on the first
track of a CD so it would be accessible on a CDROM player.  They got that
far and also some studio sessions with the songs for the album, and then ran
into a wall as far as the tech angle on getting the stuff to work right.  We have studios available to record the music, the band can go in any time,
and they're hip to encrypting their video stuff & having people go hunting
for the key (put it in the lyric sheets, have people write for it, etc).  I recall someone from Contra Costa offering to fund this; well, we're ready.
This will easily sell a few thousand copies which will pay back costs; and
given the band's artistic strengths, will probably do better than that.  And
it will certainly be a first, and a decent stake in the ground for crypto as
artistic freedom of expression.  Email gg at well.sf.ca.us for more info.

@_date: 1993-04-14 03:20:16
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Encrypted Cordless phones 
And also.... Radio Shack just entered the market with a cordless which uses
frequency inversion.  That's analog...  Probably can be broken in less than
a minute, even by amateurs who know how to solder.   About 1986 or so, a
certain state agency ordered some expensive walkie-talkies which were
supposed to be secure against protesters with scanners.  Guess what?  Analog
frequency inversion.  And in fact, with a little practice, you can listen to inverted speech
directly and make sense of it.

@_date: 1993-04-16 19:11:44
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: (fwd) White House Public Encryption Management Fact Sheet 
Re Big Brother proposal.
The "asset forfeiture" mention isn't quite so ominous as suggested: what it
seems to say is that the Atty General will procure (i.e. buy) encryption
devices for use by law enforcement in their own secure communications (i.e.
police radio and computer links), and "the funding to effect this purchase"
will come from the "superfund" of money derived from existing asset
forfeitures.   In other words, smoke a joint, lose your house, and Uncle Sam
sells the house to get money to buy more crypto gear for cops.  I don't see an implication that crypto gear makers will be facing forfeiture
for failing to comply with the "request" to incorporate key escrow.  It appears that this is directed at first to establish the use of key escrow
in government-related communications: "federal communications systems that
process sensitive but unclassified information."  So for instance, Ollie
North's memos would be recoverable, and so on.  But the real risk is that it
will spread out to encompass any facility receiving government funding or
contracts, i.e. the universities; and from there, widen so as to restrict
other types of crypto from being used at those sites.  So far it doesn't seem to restrict crypto on private microcomputers, though
a widely accepted standard could eventually be written into law.  The proposal specifically says it will allow other manufacturers to develop
other approaches to key escrow systems.  I think what the long-term plan
might be, is to win acceptance for the idea of key escrow, and then require
it.  This isn't exactly a backdoor into your hardware; what it would allow
would be for instance NSA to get your key and then read your communications
as they occur.  So your local hardware isn't storing anything in a different
way or being remotely accessed or triggered, but your key is available
elsewhere, at some approved facility.  Now I'm guessing here, but what I think the way the crypto part of this has
to work, is with a "device-specific" key and a "session"-type of key; where
the first is what is escrowed, and the second is user-variable.  Both are
required to decrypt messages, and recovery of the second key would be
relatively straightforward.  Now you buy a modem or whatever, and it has a
crypto chip in it, with a device-specific key that is registered along with
the serial number of the device.  So your purchase record has that
serial number on it, and that's used to track the device key, which of
course has been escrowed by the manufacturer before shipping the modem out.
This would suggest that device keys would be relatively hard to crack, and
therefore that some improvement in privacy would be possible by simply
swapping the key chip in the device; and this would be easy enough with a
black market in key escrow chips.  In the mean time, from our end of it, someone oughta start working on
steganography FAST.  Spread spectrum designs are feasible.  Slow is okay;
the goal being to do anything that will render key escrow obsolete by making
it impossible to tell when ciphertext (or for that matter any kind of data)
is being sent.

@_date: 1993-04-16 19:30:03
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Key Registration and Big Brother--Time to Fight! 
Instead of a conference call in clear voice, how about doing it online from the various meetings, and encrypted?  What would it take to set up a        broadcast encryption system that will work in chat mode...?   A conference
call in clear voice is almost certain to be monitored, and I would bet that
it would yield a whole lot more high-grade intelligence than we would
usually expect: first of all, voices of all participants (for later use in
voiceprint recognition surveillance), second, all the background
discussions, and third, a lot of the kind of deliberation and
working-through-things that ordinarily gets filtered out by the process of
posting things to this list.  Yes, they can theoretically send visitors to our meetings.  But
realistically this is more labor intensive and potentially risky than
recording a conference call which has all the meetings on line.  Let's not
go leaving any huge holes, please...!

@_date: 1993-04-18 01:20:05
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Thoughts on the proposal 
Agreed with Phil here.  Clipper can't have been developed since Inauguration
Day; it has to be a hand-me-down from the Bush administration, and I'm
willing to bet that Clinton has been sold a bill of goods to get his
support.  Now a lot of folks on this list are ideologically committed to
positions which are opposite to those of the Clinton amdministration, but
please let's not let that blur our perception here.  Clinton has shown a
decent commitment to civil liberties (particularly concerning sexual
freedom and reproductive rights, a very hard place to take a stand because
there's such strong rightwing opposition); he's also shown an interest in
telecom issues; I suspect what we're facing here isn't malice but lack of
information on his part.  Crypto is an elite area in math and computer
science; for most people outside of this circle it's something they assume
that they could never possibly understand and so they tend to accept the
word of experts at hand.  And the experts who are closest to the White House
are at Fort Meade.    The task we face is to bring the expertise of the best
minds on our side, to the attention of the White House.

@_date: 1993-04-22 01:04:35
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Intergraph employee claims trademark violation 
Most interesting about Intergraph!  Someone look into this one QUICK and if
there are any attorneys reading this, could you help Intergraph go after
whoever might be violating their trademark... in particular AT&T...?

@_date: 1993-04-22 02:07:59
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Making Clippers More Secure 
As for me, I still think software-based steganography is the answer.  If you
can't detect it, you can't prosecute.  For instance, how many people do you
think are fired from their jobs for LSD on their drug tests...?  Far fewer
than do LSD, according to people I know in Silicon Valley who say that
certain mil subcontractors are infested with acid-taking Deadheads; because
LSD dissapears from the bloodstream a couple of days after you take it.

@_date: 1993-04-23 02:26:35
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: WIRETAP: boycotts 
Re boycotting AT&T: Eric's proposal is great (cancel your AT&T long distance
anyway) but I would suggest a more aggressive approach toward AT&T business
telephone systems and consumer phone products.   First of all, their equipment is mediocre at best. Their main business phone
product, Merlin, is obsolete and truly nasty (details on request); System 75
(mid-sized PBX) is little better; their low-end key system (AT&T Spirit) is
cheapy stuff, and although their Partner system is decent there are a number
of better alternatives (Panasonic KXT-Hybrid is our favorite though if you
want made in USA there's Comdial).  AT&T have been pursuing an aggressive
policy on initial pricing to try to kill off independent phone contractors,
but their service doesn't measure up: expensive rates, delays, etc.  So even
if they drop their price by half on something to try to edge out a
competitor, don't take the bait.  Second, you can bet that they'll start introducing Tapper in their cordless
phones pretty quickly, to try to win a market advantage based on having any
kind of encryption at all.   There are some cordless business phones
available (one is designed for Merlin) and some new ones coming out soon.
These will probably have Tapper in them.  Ericsson have a cordless business
phone system now, called FreeSet, which is essentially micro-cellular, and
it uses a stronger European crypto standard if I'm not mistaken (I can go
look up details if anyone wants to know).  North Supply Premier is another
version of same with some other encryption routine (ANYthing is better than
Tapper at the moment) though not as adaptable as the Ericsson FreeSet
system.  For every AT&T phone set or system, there are plenty of better alternatives,
and the time to start shifting your purchasing power is now.  (oh BTW to
clarify, what I meant by "new ones coming out soon" is that AT&T will
probably try to jump on the Ericsson & North Premier bandwagon soon with
their own version, with Tapper.  "AT&T: phones with Big Brother Built Inside!"

@_date: 1993-04-23 02:55:40
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: CLIP: Legal Aspects 
Illegal taps: and keep in mind "investigative" taps used to gather deep
background information... by the time that information gets to a useable
form, its origin is so far obscured as to be impossible to prove... and most
importantly, keep in mind the simple matter of political and economic
intelligence.  The British GCHQ routinely tapped trade unions; NSA went
after the civil rights movement, history is full of cases like this.  If you
don't know COINTELPRO, look it up and get scared.  The main thing here is
not whether they can use evidence against you in court, but whether they can
gather extracurricular info and use it to fuck up careers, runs for elected
office, campaigns on public issues, labor negotiations, and all kinds of
other things which we expect to be able to do freely in a nominal democracy.
Clinton has expressed a commitment to civil rights causes, so I don't worryu
about his administration pullling another WAtergate or COINTELPRO, but if we
ever got another bunch of zealous authoritarians in there...!

@_date: 1993-04-23 02:58:28
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Info on Mykotronx 
Re MycoToxin: contact the Covert Action Information Bulletin and ask if they
have anything on anyone named in connection with MycoToxin.  Do the same
with other think-tanks that deal in defense-related issues, for example the
Center for National Security Studies or some such.  TRW is a scary thought indeed; and of course these people don't ever cut
their ties for good... consider that TRW is a huge NSA partner and also
maintains the Great Big Database of all our credit records & buying habits.
 Bad combinations, getting worse by the minute.

@_date: 1993-04-23 03:03:29
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: WIRETAP: boycotts 
Keep up the pressure: how about mailing to all law firms in the Bay Area to
warn them not to buy AT&T phone systems since they might be getting Big
Brother in the Box along with, if not now, then in some future upgrade
innocently installed by a field tech.

@_date: 1993-04-23 03:23:08
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: AT&T replacement offer 
Re the AT&T boycott, I'm going to put my labor where my mouth is, and offer:
Replacement of any AT&T business phone system or consumer telephone product,
at a discount of 25% off normal retail (essentially a nonprofit rate).  On  business phone systems, this includes all AT&T key systems (Merlin, Spirit, Partner, etc) and PBX (system 75 and up); and includes one year's service   contract.  For smaller systems, we'll install anywhere from Santa Cruz to Mendocino;   for larger ones, anywhere in California depending on the job; and we'll ship
user-intallable ones anywhere you like.  (User-installable systems typically
involve 32 or fewer phones.)
For each AT&T system we remove, we send a letter to AT&T explaining why.
Then when we gather up enough of them to make a decent sized pile, do some
kind of publicity event with them (any suggestions?).  (Or maybe simply sell
the old AT&T stuff to a secondary market dealer and donate the proceeds to
an appropriate organisation?)
-george gleason, Integrated Signal / Switched Networks, 510-644.8085
  gg at well.sf.ca.us

@_date: 1993-04-23 03:50:21
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: AT&T replacement 
In case it wasn't clear, the offer is to replace any AT&T hardware *with
equivalent or better competing technology* for 25% off.

@_date: 1993-04-29 03:01:27
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Tough Choices: PGP vs. RSA Data Security 
At risk of getting the goats of some friends of mine who read the list, I'm
tending to agree with Tim's ideas here.  Brief conversation with Jim Bidzos
at the cypunx mtg indicated that he is very much up for something along the
lines of a personal encryption product that would meet our needs.  From a
business perspective it's easy to see why RSA haven't gone for this yet; a
copmany needs to concentrate at first on the most likely profitable lines of
operation, and once that's solid, go for the wider market.  Right now we
have an incredible array of crypto talent which can be brought into a
cooperative arrangement in developing additional RSA products.  The result
may turn out to be as good as the best potentials of PGP, and at the same
time, support for RSA's position vis-a-vis any possible govt attempt to go
after the patents.  I don't see this as a matter of withdrawing support from the people and
efforts which brought forth PGP.  They're going to have their hands full
doing *something* about Clipper right now, and that will deserve a lot of
support.  PGP has fulfilled its promise in many ways.  It pre-empted the
chance of an early govt ban on private crypto.  It stimulated wide interest
in crypto.  It also provided a great market demonstration for the potential
of an affordable strong personal encryption program.  By this time, Jim
Bidzos has a great case to make to his stockholders, for the business
potential of personal cryptography.  And PGP also brought together a wide
community of cryptologists and programmers and end-users and so on.  Consider a band who release a record on an underground label, which then
makes it onto college radio in a big way, and the band gets a chance to get
major distribution from that.  They'd be dumb not to, as long as they can
keep their artistic autonomy; and a smart record company executive knows
that it's better not to try to tamper with a Good Thing.  So here we are at the next step; public keys for the masses have the chance
to come aboveground in a big way, and achieve even wider distribution and
use.  Now if those carrots aren't tasty enough; consider the stick: there is a
long history of the govt doing in its adversaries by divide-&-conquer, along
the lines of getting all kinds of infighting going among people who would be
logical allies.  Read the history of COINTELPRO for many examples.  A major
rift between PGP and RSA folks will only serve the interests of those who
would rather both systems be banned. On the other hand, increased
cooperation builds strength against possible governmental action in the
future.

@_date: 1993-04-30 02:38:22
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Tough Choices: PGP vs. RSA Data Security 
Quoting, "Thats what people have *always wanted* to do.  RSA won't let them.
 That's
why any talk of a newer friendlier Bizdos is bullshit.
Well, maybe or maybe not... the main thing is to judge by concrete actions.
I know there have been problems in the past, and reason for serious
scepticism.  But the main thing here is to keep the channels open and work
toward some kind of concrete action on RSA's part.

@_date: 1993-08-06 23:48:56
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Offshore Data Havens and Services 
Re your "Time for the long distance providers to extend the use of personal
identification numbers from calling cards to residences? One PIN per
authorized user. This would have saved me from getting the shaft from one
of my recent roomates!" item.   We're going to do this with Community
Dialtone service.  Toll calling is a separate accounting system than the
local part of the bill, and each person who uses the phone can get an
individual account; the person whose name it's in can require roommates to
get their own toll accounts.  This way no one gets stuck holding the bill.

@_date: 1993-08-09 01:56:30
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Key-Escrow (black) Humor 
How many government agents does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a1: None, they don't screw.
a2: None, they only screw the general public.
a3: That question is forbidden under Don't Ask / Don't Tell.

@_date: 1993-08-21 02:41:31
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: "Clipper" in Norway (FYI) 
Okay, here comes a test case.  Can enough copies of PGP and other decent
crypto get circulating in Norway, and posted on public-accessible terminals
(in bookstores and so on, perhaps with an attendant or coinbox to cover
telephone charges), and posted on every university machine and anywhere else
that seems useful, to prevent the Clipper-or-else law from being passed...?
If it passes, are there enough people willing to do civil disobedience to
get the law overturned in the courts...?  Precedent is contagious.  Even internationally.  If the nasties get away
with it over there, it's just an incentive for their colleagues everywhere
else to try more of same.  Does anyone here know the status of the crypto scene over there, in terms of
how many people involved, how many using good crypto, how many will hop on
the bandwagon if things get worse...?

@_date: 1993-08-26 01:42:22
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Coming Soon:  Commercial version of PGP! 
How soon before a Mac compatible version is available?  Or will the current
version run under Soft PC on the Mac, which is essentially a PC-emulator...?
If yes to either, sign me up...!
-gg at well.sf.ca.us

@_date: 1993-08-26 02:02:22
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Source Code NOT available for ViaCrypt PGP 
What about the idea of having someone who is known trustworthy examine the
source code under nondisclosure?  A passing grade from a couple of the
respected members of the community here would be great for ViaCrypt's
promotional efforts, if nothing else...!

@_date: 1993-08-27 01:52:42
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: ViaCrypt's PGP 
"No sir, we never used PGP" can probably be proven false if ViaCrypt has
some kind of tweak built in.  So then you get nailed both ways.  No thanks;
let's have someone check out the source code under NDA and then report back,
and if ViaCrypt is clean, great, that can only help the overall cause.

@_date: 1993-08-27 01:53:11
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: ViaCrypt's PGP 
Source code for ViaCrypt: I believe I raised a point about having some trusted members of the crypto
community (i.e. cypherpunks) examine the source under non-disclosure.
Well...?  This is an entirely reasonable demand.  There are people in this
list who are highly placed professionally, who own companies that are worth
a reasonable sum, or who own houses at least, and therefore who can be
trusted by ViaCrypt to not blow the gig because the resulting lawsuit would
cost them mightily.  So we trust those folks because they're part of this
community, and ViaCrypt would trust them to not blow their NDA because they
could be sued all to hell.  Also from ViaCrypt's perspective, think of the
marketing value of having the product independently certified or validated.
That would certainly be worth something.
NOw if Viacrypt refuses to go with this, that fact in and of itself would be
harmful to their position: it would be a virtual admission that their system
was dirty.  The question is, who here wants to take this on...?   To me the point is
very straightforward: we have an interest in privacy, and the legal issues
around privacy... the fight to preserve "underground" crypto fits into this
picture, but I can't see any justification for boycotting or trying to tear
down ViaCrypt simply because they're charging a fee for it and are making a
profit on it and all that.  Free markets, right?  A successful ViaCrypt
product would probably spread around to many users who would never have
gotten onboard with PGP, for instance businesses who want to be totally
squeaky clean about the copyright issues.  We need everyone onboard who we
can get, and we *don't* need some kind of PC litmus test of "are you willing
to use underground software?"

@_date: 1993-08-27 02:02:42
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Source Code NOT available for ViaCrypt PGP 
"(the problem is) convincing ViaCrypt to trust (some Cypherpunk)."  There   are cypherpunks who have sufficient assets that they would reasonably be    considered to want to protect themselves from losing same in a lawsuit over violating the terms of the non-disclosure agreement.  Hey, if you have      equity in a house, you begin to qualify for this one.  Better if you own a  company or have other significant assets.
If someone here stands up and says, "Hey ViaCrypt, I'll put my
(house/company/stock portfolio/etc.) on the block to back up my NDA, now
let's play ball," ViaCrypt will have a very very hard time saying no.  And
if they do say no, they come out looking very bad indeed.  If ViaCrypt are
reasonable people, let's give them the reassurance that any reasonable
person needs against the possibility of getting burned.  Then the ball's in
their court, and they've got to respond.

@_date: 1993-08-28 02:53:03
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: AT&T Home Security Plus 
Today I got a most interesting call from a phone solicitor, who said that he
was with AT&T and they were going to be hosting a demo of an AT&T home
security system on my block and was I interested in attending.  I told him about Clipper and asked if the AT&T home burglar alarms came
along with backdoors allowing various govt agents and burglars to sneak in.
Somehow the discussion shifts to PGP vs. Clipper, and the caller asks if
I've got a handle (I told him my email address, which was Really Dumb) and
then he asks if I'm into pirating or anything... of course I'm not, and said
so.... Somewhere along the line I entirely forgot to ask how the hell he got any
idea what block I lived on, since my residence address information is
something I take great pains to protect.  And then it occurred to me... perhaps Something Else is also going on...?
Like, "are you into pirating...?"  Hmmm...  I never even thought about that
at the time, but if anyone else out there gets a call like this, it might be
worth some follow-up research...

@_date: 1993-08-28 03:36:03
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Another BBS Seizure in Hartford 
Bombs & bulletin boards: the news media regularly mention the name of the
chemical used to stinkbomb abortion clinics, and the composition of the
world trade center bomb.  So it seems to me a decent defense could be made
on the grounds of "selective prosecution" since after all, juveniles can
always tune in the news and learn how to make bad things.  Well...?

@_date: 1993-08-29 00:26:11
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: AT&T Home Security Plus 
Re Doug's response to my item on this topic: please don't get the idea that
I thought AT&T were going after *me* for any reason, or trying to trap
hackers deliberately, or anything like that.  I may be dumb but I'm not one
of those raving paranoids who assumes that everything that happens means
someone is out to get me....!
Nor did I mean to suggest that AT&T would actually have a backdoor in their
home security systems.  I was using that point as a cynical joke with the
dude who called me.  It was *not* intended to be serious.  It *was* intended
to make a sarcastic poke at Clipper.   Cross-list directories: having served as a key witness against a very deadly
local stalker here, I have taken great pains to let PacBell know that my
service address is not to be released in any form for any reason; I've gone
over this with service reps every single year at directory-compiling season.
 What I would really like to do is force the issue legally, i.e. serve them
with some kind of court order or something, which would bar them from
releasing that information.  Anyway, enough for now...

@_date: 1993-12-23 00:29:35
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: eavesdropping detection 
Re phone taps: forget it.  Anything above amateur level tapping is done via
the central office, where it is simply impossible to detect.  Any device
which claims to detect wiretaps is fraudulent.  I'm speaking from over ten
years' experience in telecom, extensive relevant background, etc.  Room surveillance: you have to be *really* up to something to be targeted for this.  Unlikely at best; but he earlier post about spec analysers is useful & relevant here.  Generally: bear in mind that surveillance is incredibly labor intensive at
any level beyond the "vaccuum-cleaner approach" using keyword scans on trunks.  Too labor intensive to be conducted unless there is serious justification for the cost of the person-hours involved.

@_date: 1993-02-20 02:44:18
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: LIST RULES 
I agree with ssandfort that a total ban on advertising on the list is a
not-good thing.  Commercial speech is still speech, and censorship is still
Here's a possible win-win solution: on any commercial message, the subject
header should say "advertising included" or some obvious words or
abbreviations to that effect.  This way, those who wish to avoid such
messages can do so painlessly, those who wish to read them can do that, and
one more potential for restriction is eliminated.

@_date: 1993-02-25 01:07:18
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Poor Man's Anonymous Remailer 
Duncan's posting about AT&T mail as a "poor man's anonymous mailbox" misses
one crucial fact.  The moment you dial an 800 number, you generate a record
of your phone number via ANI, which means AT&T gets that information in
realtime and can probably correlate it with your phone account and service
address and name.  If you want anonymity, never ever ever use any service
which requires you call in via an 800 number.  -gg at well.sf.ca.us

@_date: 1993-02-26 01:38:21
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: more ideas on anonymity 
Re your posting on categories of offenses and so on.  Agreed strongly that
sites should post banners stating the policies they adhere to.  I'd suggest
the following division of offenses:
1) Anything involving physical violence, threats of violence, incitement to
violence.  (this includes acts such as rape, pedophelia etc., since these
acts involve power as much as anything and can be seen as primarily violent
acts)  (this also includes things like Nazi propaganda where there is a
historic precedent or strong undertone that violent acts are encouraged)
2) Other (not violent) crimes against persons or property.  3) Antisocial or questionable actions such as victimless crime, propagation
of lies (for instance a faked Challenger transcript), violation of Net
Obviously these have descending levels of severity by most reasonable
standards.  I would not in any way make sysops or admins responsible for
postings which may be illegal in their country of origin: both for pragmatic
reasons (no one can possibly be held to know the laws in all the other
participating countries) and for ethical reasons (stalinist coup in Russia;
fascist consolidation in ex-Yugoslavia, now you have to play cop against
dissidents from both; no thanks!).  I believe unpopular opinions ought to be protected as long as they don't
encourage illegal or violent actions.  The test case for this is racism or
some equivalent.  If someone wants to argue a case that their race is the
Master Race or whatnot, I can't see squelching them for making opinion-noise
unless they're also e.g. advocating violence.  Once we get in the
opinion-censoring biz, it's a steep slippery slope.  OTOH, we also shouldn't
be an arm of LE, and hence the idea that discussing victimless crimes ought
to be a very bottom-of-the-list kind of thing.

@_date: 1993-02-26 02:00:32
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Poor Man's Anonymous Remailer 
Re Thug & Phiber on the long-term chances that OSPS will forward the entire
number to the destination....
The solution to this is Anonymous Diverters.  You have pairs of telephone
numbers set up.  Callers come in on one side, and are connected to the other
side behind a toll-restrictor that only allows calls beginning with 1-800+.
The minimum configuration is two lines, one in and one out.  With a PBX you
can handle from three patches at one time all the way up to 10,000.  I can
provide hardware and associated programming to anyone who is interested in
starting one of these services.   When using an Anonymous Diverter, the destination 800-number only gets the
ANI of the diverter's outgoing side.  Now of course, Big Brother can simply
watch the incoming side of the diverter if he wants to, but at least this
keeps your originating number secret from the destination 800-number.  Right now there are 900/976 numbers set up with this kind of service, but I
don't see any evidence that they are designed for data applications; and the
per-minute rates are typically way high.  What is needed is a network of
local service providers who can do the same job either free as a public
service or at a reasonable cost.  One way to provide service at reasonable
cost is to have prepaid flat-rate cash accounts from regular subscribers and
give each of them some kind of password (no ID there either; you pay cash
and choose your password, it never ties in to your name or anything else).
This is also something we can set up on our larger PBXs if you're
Come to think of it, we have a client whose PBX would be ideal for this, but
we have to check with them.  It would only be open on an after-hours basis
of course, when they're not using the lines.  And it won't cost them
anything since those 800+ calls are free.  Now also, if anyone in the Bay
Area wants to set up one of these, the actual monthly cost is less than
$50.00 for lines, plus line cards at the rate of about $600 per each eight
trunks (four links through the system).  Anyone interested...?
We're going to be putting in a larger switch later this year which will also
give us the ability to do those anonymous cash accounts such that you could
have toll-call dialling privileges through the system on a prepaid basis.  Anyone interested in *that*...?
-  gg at well.sf.ca.us

@_date: 1993-02-26 04:02:15
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: more ideas on anonymity 
John, I missed where I might have been advocating censorship... maybe it's
so late at night that my logic filter is getting fuzzy...  Of course one
can't see the content of an encrypted anonymised message, but the case I'm
concerned with here is where someone receives an encrypted threat message or
some such, and wants it traced.  In that case there ought to be some means.
I'm speaking from recent experience, having received what the Berkeley PD
considered a credible death threat on my answering machine last week...
Okay, maybe your point hinges on the "advocating violent acts" item.  Well
this is a pretty tight issue: hard to differentiate between someone
advocating insurrection, advocating race war, and advocating going out in
your own neighborhood and killing (whoever).  Either way it is advocacy of
violence against someone.  And I honestly don't have a simple answer to that
one.  The main point I was trying to go for is pretty unambiguous, that
direct threats of violent actions are much more significant than for
instance advocacy of committing some victimless crime or another... but
that's a dull-obvious one compared to the advocating violence item.  Somehow I believe we're going to need to consider the threats & violence
questions sooner or later, if for no other reason than to have some
solutions at hand when it happens and people start clamoring for
restrictions on public access to crypto and anonymity.  (jeez my writing is
a mess at this hour!)

@_date: 1993-02-27 04:01:42
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: more ideas on anonymity 
I agree with Jim that I may be treading a thin line on censorship, but
consider the following: someone posts a series of inflammatory statements
with the intent of stirring up trouble, attracts a following, and starts
organising them for some kind of violence.  Then one day along comes a
message to start the race war or whatever.  The next day there are a bunch
of random acts of violence.  Uh-oh...
The point is that this is a broadcast medium, though without the limitations
of conventional broadcast.  I think we may end up facing these issues one
way or another, sooner or later.  Hopefully, LE can prevent violent acts by
conventional means without resorting to limiting privacy.  The thing is though, given the increasing cultural diversity in society and
its resulting flattening of the normal curve of acceptable behavior, we're
more and more going to be facing issues which are located in the depths of
murky gray areas and in which we may find ourselves needing to tread fine
lines, split hairs, and make all kinds of distinctions where there are no
firm certainties.  (run-on sentence alert!)

@_date: 1993-01-30 02:08:20
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Radioactive sources 
Radioactive sources: if you're interested in thorium, it can be found in
Coleman lantern mantles: the little cloth bags you tie over the apertures in
the lantern where the flame appears.  These are apparently saturated with
the stuff.  I got the word from an engineer at a nuclear plant some years
ago, and was able to verify it at least partially: a geiger counter held
next to Coleman lantern mantles at the store got a very clear reading in the
range of 20mR/hr.  The counter I was using was not sensitive to alphas, so I
presume it was getting betas.  The thorium in the lantern mantles could
presumably be extracted with hydrochloric acid or by some other means.
Clearly not for the amateur, but something which could be done in a lab with
appropriate precautions.

@_date: 1993-07-23 02:26:54
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Remailers/PayPhones and Today's NYT 
Re "NY Tel cutting off payphone service in *some areas.*" You can bet those areas are black.  You can bet that high up in some
corporate office tower, the opinion was voiced, "what the hell do those
pickaninnies need phones for anyway?!"  Call it Information-Age Apartheid if
you wish, you won't be off the mark by much.

@_date: 1993-07-24 02:27:14
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Remailers/PayPhones and Today's NYT 
How about a valid debate being over **how** to best provide universal
service in this day & age of red-lining?  Interesting to note that when the
private entrepreneurs open up U.S. versions of the traditional European
"Call Offices," (rows of payphones with a window clerk or other attendant to
help provide service & security), all of a sudden a chorus of voices go up, "OH NO, the Dope Dealers will use these things!"  Well, one excuse or
another, same old racist BS either way.  The right to anonymity has got to
be universal, and the right to access has got to be universal, or these
things become mere privileges which can be taken away on a whim.

@_date: 1993-07-25 00:07:58
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Remailers/PayPhones and Today's NYT 
Credit card fraud happens almost everywhere.  Drawing a circle around a
neighborhood and zapping it is what's known as redlining, and when the
neighborhood is defined by its racial composition, it's bigotry and
discrimination.  And did you read Hugh's posting about the 7pm to 8am coin
curfew in Czechago?  They *allow* credit card calls after those hours, so
the credit card fraud issue is at best a red herring.
Wake up, how much evidence do you need that it's a simple matter of bigotry
and classism?  This stuff is real.  The bottom line is, in the information
age, access is power; hence the continuing little maneuvers to dis-access
the disenfranchised.  Too much access, like too much democracy, makes some
people very nervous.  Think about it, stop engaging in denial.  If what
we're fighting for makes any difference at the bottom level of the
grassroots, it's the right to drop a quarter in the slot and make a call
without having one's name in a consumer database.  That's basic privacy and
anonymity for you.  And it's all that a whole lot of people can afford.

@_date: 1993-07-26 01:35:30
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Remailers/PayPhones and Today's NYT 
Citizens lobbying for removal of payphones in their neighborhoods sounds
like more of the same old "fix a cut toe by chopping off the foot" syndrome.
People have to be pretty desperate to go that far.  Next step: remove indoor
plumbing because some dope dealers flush their stuff when the cops come to
the door.  Gee, how about tatooed ID on the wrists, eh?  Drug dealers and violence: now there's a decent issue.  And of course the
idea of removing the *guns* won't go anywhere, but since there isn't a
National Payphone Association, taking away the phones is easier politically.
On the other hand, a lot of parents have themselves to blame for letting
their little kiddies play with toy guns and watch violent BS on TV.
Training, as it were.
Alderman Payphone Permit: is probably also violating FCC rules there; a
decent Federal case could be made.  Too many phones?  Hey, what about the
number of places where one can purchase alcohol?  Here in the Bay Area,
they're starting to crack down on liquor stores, since these seem to attract
a lot of nastiness also.   That seems more reasonable, given that 50% of
homicides and suicides involve alcohol.  Baddies in Cyberspace: oh, as soon as they get Cellular Modems, you can bet
they will.  Back to race & class.  Take a look at what has happened to the urban
ghettoes over the last 10 years.  If you look at drug abuse as
self-medication (which has been well demonstrated), what we see is an
incredible number of people in intolerable pain in their daily lives.
Reduce the pain with jobs, decent places to live, and some sense of
opportunity, and drugs will have far less attraction.  I'll never forget the
woman who was interviewed locally on the radio; saying, essentially, "we
have nothing at all, no hope of anything better, and every day is a
desperate scramble to survive; when I do a hit of dope it's like I've eaten
a meal, had a bowel movement, made love, and taken a nap all at once."
Sounds like hyperbole until you see the numbers, that something like half of
black children don't get three meals a day, and over half of black families
can't afford rent *and* food every month.  When you're dying slowly anyway,
shaving off a few more years with a dope habit is a bargain if those
remaining years hurt a little bit less.  *We are developing a serious
underclass in this country,* have been for ten years now.  Take a look at
any 3d world city; look back at the slums here, it all looks the same.
Punishing these people even more by taking away one after another of the
amenities of civilisation can only make it worse over the long run.  People
are very obliging; if they're treated like animals, they respond

@_date: 1993-06-17 03:21:59
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: YAA (yet another article) 
Re your "I like this ("Oh My God" proposal for tap authorisations): THis
gives us a possibly interesting place to start from.  Sponsor and lobby for
(etc) new legislation which would update the existing wiretap laws to
include the Oh My God! standard.  The point being to put that standard in
place & let it run in test mode for a while to see how it works.  If it works out well in practice, and isnt subject to "venue abuse" (judge
shopping), then it could be extended to key escrow systems.  However, I
still have a strong preference that even an "improved" key escrow system be
implemented via the free market and make provision for free choice in
cyphers.

@_date: 1993-06-18 02:25:06
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Contempt of court 
One-time pads for coerced confessions: Consider that the cyphertext of an OTP could come from *any* combination of
plaintext and keystream.  Okay, now you have in hand your cyphertext of an
original file having to do with your lawsuit against the govt.  Take that
cyphertext, and get another file of equal or longer length which is
completely innocuous, for instance some mild-sounding diary entries or some
such.  Now XOR these together, and what pops out is the *keystream* which
*would have been used for encyphering the innocuous plaintext into the
cyphertext you have there.  Okay, now you have five files:
1) your original plaintext re your lawsuit against the govt.
2) the keystream which converted that into the cyphertext below.
3) the cyphertext.
4) the innocuous text file for instance edited journal entries.
5) the "keystream" which resulted from XORing (3) and (4), which can be
claimed to be the keystream which was used to encypher (4) into (3).
Okay, now Big Brother comes to get you and coerce you to decypher your file,
but you don't want your attorney-client confidentiality violated, so you
hand over items (3) and (5), and when Big Bro "decrypts" (3), out pops (4)
thereby proving that you aren't the dastardly subversive who is trying to
sue the govt...!  "Dear diary..."

@_date: 1993-06-18 02:33:53
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: "RSA sells out" hue and cry (fwd) 
I'm not so sure that all this Bidzos Biz is as evil as it may sound.
Consider the management have an obligation to the stockholders to make
money.  Now here is a huge market.  Do they turn it down on the basis of
political rectitude...?
Are we seriously expecting that Bidzos will refrain from tapping into this
market, and refrain from charging a cent for an RSA-PGP thing...?  Oh, okay,
so he's supposed to go into poverty to prove his ethics.  Oh, I see.  Gee
whiz, I thought I was the most socialistic of anyone on this list.

@_date: 1993-06-18 02:45:42
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Blasting Bidzos Blather 
Oh, here goes another Big Bad Corporation abusing our rights...!  Well, are
there any Libertarians out there who will please speak up for the right of
Bidzos & co to earn a legal profit any way they see fit...?  Or am I, the
token leftist in the crowd, going to stick my neck out solo on this one...?
Pardon my rhetoric, but I find it truly amazing how the much extolled rights
of private property can suddenly become a non-issue when you consider you've
found a bigger issue.   Some of us feel that way about ecology.

@_date: 1993-06-18 02:46:02
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: OTP dual decryption 
Yeah, the advantage is, if they think they've found it, they might just
stop looking much further.  It's a chance that might save your ass.

@_date: 1993-06-19 04:18:38
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: RRe:  Blasting Bidzos Blather 
Consider also the possibility that Bidzos might have felt that it was either
sell it now or have it seized later.  National security seizures of crypto
patents are nothing new.  "He who turns and sells away, will live to sell
another day..."

@_date: 1993-06-22 02:42:11
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: OTP dual decryption 
Cyphertexts: I was thinking, you do your actual comms in a PKS and then
decrypt on disc and then reencrypt same over to OTP with an innocuous
covertext stored alongside... oh poo, now of course; I was mistaken.  You
take your PKS cyphertext and generate a spurious OTP covertext from there.
Okay, my error.  Sorry....

@_date: 1993-06-22 03:05:56
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: one reaction: early FOIA results 
Re AT&T being "incentivised;" again, I'd like to suggest it's time to
dis-incentivise them like right now.  If you're on AT&T long distance,
change your carrier.  If you're using an AT&T phone system, replace it with
anything else.  It would be interesting to find out that magic number of phones which AT&T
were promised under the Federal contract.  Then we can either a) set that as
a target for business phone systems getting rid of AT&T, i.e. one for one;
or b) figure out what the revenues would be and get an equivalent amount in
disconnected AT&T long distance (this one could be done on a gross dollar
equivalent amount, assuming one year's worth of service is the relevant
gross dollar value of a given client), or c) *both.*  Well....?

@_date: 1993-06-22 03:09:37
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: The Bizdos flap 
Quoting you, "If one wishes PKP to behave "ethically," it is necessary for
to make it unprofitable for PKP to behave in the manner in which
it is.  E. g. question their patents, bring suits against them,
and otherwise make PKP's existence unprofitable.  Suddenly, it will behave "ethically."
That's like, if you want your kid to behave, beat him any time he
misbehaves.  Yeah, uh-huh.
If we want PKP to behave ethically, we have to show them positive i.e.
profitmaking incentives for doing so.  For instance commitments to buy their
products if they do (whatever).

@_date: 1993-06-23 03:36:09
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Corporate Ethics and the Profit Margin 
Re Robert.  Good one there, catching me saying "positive reinforcement for
PKP and negative reinforcement for AT&T." The thing is, I agree corporations
don't have feelings, but Jim Bidzos *does* have feelings and he is
singularly responsible as an individual, to a range of constituencies.  Some
of those constituencies have legal relationships such as stockholders.
Others are informal, such as Us Here.  But all of them come directly to HIM.
 That's not the case with AT&T which is a HUGE bureaucracy.  If someone
would find the single individual in AT&T who got them involved with the
Clipper thing, we might have an interesting round of questions to ask.  The
thing is though, once you're dealing with a specific person, the
relationship of adversariality has to be modified to take into account the
respect for the individual human being.

@_date: 1993-06-23 03:39:11
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: YAA (yet another article) 
Re Phil's criticism of warrants and the Oh My god proposal on wiretaps.  It
would seem that an additional safeguard can be put in place which would
create some kind of liability for deliberately exaggerated warrants.  One
could also require the services of an investigator serving in the capacity
of a public defender, who would act as devil's advocate against warrants by
bringing countervailing information to bear.

@_date: 1993-06-25 02:47:40
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Triggerfish 
On-the-air interception *is* too labor intensive, relatively speaking, given
that a cellular call originating or terminating at a given switch can pass
through a number of individual cells, each of which would need to be
monitored.  However, that does not negate the potential usefulness of on-air
interception as an *intelligence-gathering* tool from which the results can
be fed into the process of getting a warrant to tap at the switch.  The problem of maintaining privacy can be and in fact *is* effectively
solved though.  A couple of companies are making cellular to 2500-set
adapters which basically allow any regular single-line device to be plugged
in and transmit via cellular.  This obviously includes standard modems, plus
or minus the problems associated with variable transmission quality over the
airwaves.  So any regular cryptosystem that can work on analog lines should
be applicable here.  If anyone out there is further interested in these
cellular-to-single-line-device adaptors, email me and I can get prices and

@_date: 1993-03-20 02:28:13
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: HIDE: embedded msgs in grphics & snd 
Re. cyphertext and music: I've been professionally involved in the
recording/production scene and could arrange something.  There are plenty of
damn good bands in the Bay Area who might volunteer for this kind of thing;
I can think of a couple of candidates right away.  Also a great local
studio, Polymorph Productions, which would be amenable to this.  All we need
to get going is for someone to cover the actual cost of studio time, which
is only $30/hour.  Now the only hitch right now is my own schedule being
really really busy, but I could get a free weekend, or hook up some local
cypherpunx with the bands and the studio, and see where it goes.  Basically
I get the idea that if this worked, the record would get a lot of interest
including from a wider audience than cypherpunx, and that translates into
attention on the band as such, and that translates into paying back the
original production investment with interest.   So, anyone interested...?
-gg at well.sf.ca.us.

@_date: 1993-03-22 04:19:59
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: HIDE: embedded msgs in grphics & snd 
"once data encryption becomes illegal, searching for LSBs will become
standard procedure for datacops."
Aha, but if we can establish artistic protection for cyphertext, that will
be one more brick in the wall that keeps the censors out.  The point is to
prevent it becoming illegal in the first place.  Now so far we have one
great strategy: making crypto ubiquitous, so there is no way to get the
horses back into the barn.  I think we can benefit from additional
strategies, such as expanding into all the various areas of constitutional
protection that might be available.

@_date: 1993-03-30 01:54:36
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: discount datacom rates? 
I've discovered there may be a way to provide late night (1am - 4am) dialup
data communication at a substantial discount in long distance charges.  We'd
need something like a few thousand users in order to get this running.
Feedback...?  Ideas...?  Email gg at well.sf.ca.us

@_date: 1993-05-01 03:27:23
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: 800 numbers 
Outdial services: we most certainly will as soon as we install our first
digital exchange (Community Dialtone; email me for more if you're
interested).  Now we've got a bit of a quandary here, what if someone uses
it to make bomb threats or such?  So I was thinking, save the CDR data on
that and make it available under court order?  What's the general consensus
of opinion here as to our responsibility in these areas?
More on outdial services: if you want to set up your own, I can provide a
Teltone M-106 adaptor, for which you'll need a 24-volt key system power
supply and some 8-pin phone hardware and two lines.  Dial in on one,
connect, and out on the other.  We have a bunch of these in stock right now;
I gave some to some friendly folks for setting up a service, but they
haven't yet.  So maybe giving them away means the price is too low...?
Okay, send me $200 for one, or tell me you're definitely committed to using
it once you have it.   (gg at well.sf.ca.us)

@_date: 1993-05-01 03:42:24
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Tactics. 
Re confrontation vs realpolitik: in political action there is something
called "premature escalation of tactics."  That means things like having a
sit-in before you've even tried having a petition drive.  Once you've
escalated it's very very hard to go back to a less intense tactic, because
it looks like you're vacking down.  So good organisers escalate gradually:
letter writing, then petitions, then voter initiatives, then maybe mass
rallies, then maybe peaceful civil disobedience, and only if those things
fail, then more confrontational tactics.  We should take a clear lesson from that.  Look at some of the ones who
succeeded: Martin Luther King, Cesar Chavez, and so on.  Start moderate, get
more intense only if moderation fails.  case* is one thing, but doing it to get in RSA's face is way premature.  I'd
say start by working with RSA to the extent possible, keeping at it until
there is success, and then if the govt tries to slam public key, that's the
time to break out the insurrectional approach.  But not before.  The adrenaline rush of a big bad confrontation is a feel-good drug to a lot
of people but we have to be *smarter than that.*

@_date: 1993-05-05 02:28:58
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: checks 
Re: Much as I respect you Eric, I direct your attention to the myriad of
"checks" being sent out by AT&T and MCI, to name a few offenders. These bear the legend: "endorsement of this check constitutes your acceptance of  as your long distance carrier."
When those go out in English to non-English speakers and get cashed, there
is a good case to be made for consumer fraud.  Anyone want to follow up on

@_date: 1993-05-12 02:21:41
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: CALLER ID? 
Getting the wrong number: That can happen if you're in a PBX with a separate
outgoing and incoming trunk group.  Particularly if your incoming number is
a Direct Inward Dialing (DID) number, which means that people in the Outside
World can call right to your desk by dialing (area code +) 7-digits.  There
is no facility on most PBXs to have DID numbers or other station directory
numbers follow outgoing calls, though you might have a call accounting
system hooked up to provide information to your company about which
extensions are making which outside calls; but again, that's entirely within
your own system.  If you do have an outgoing trunk group, I would advise setting it up so that
incoming calls on that group at least ring to the receptionist's console,
and then give out those numbers to company folks who might have reason to
need a way to get through in a pinch if everything else is down.  Also the
outgoing group will be regular loop- or ground-start trunks, and as a
last-ditch backup you can terminate them on single-line jacks for use with
emergency phones in case of a system crash or an extended power failure.  You can also use the outgoing group to provide night service, where calls to
various lines in that group would ring to specified extensions in the areas
where people may be working after hours.

@_date: 1993-05-14 03:03:51
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Banning Laptops! 
Here's what's up: some alarming malfunctions of navigational instruments
were traced to consumer electronics in use by passengers.  The worst
offenders were CD players, but laptops etc were also found to cause trouble.
Eventually, aircraft will be retrofitted for greater immunity to this, and
of course laptops will probably be developed with reduced RF emissions so
that business travellers can use them in flight.  (In case it isn't clear,
all of these devices emit radio frequency energy which can seriously fuck up
radio frequency navigational equipment and onboard computers.)  Anyway, until the tech upgrades come down the line, leave your laptop and CD
player in the overhead luggage rack.  The small increment of pleasure or
convenience gained by using these things in the air can't begin to compare
with the risk of causing a fatal accident.

@_date: 1993-05-21 02:35:39
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Consider "Working Assets" phone service instead of AT&T 
Phonecard-only account: minor inconvenience to support a major principle.
As far as I'm concerned, "convenience" is the biggest hook that Big Bro has
to use on us these days, but it only works if we're lazy enough to go for
it.  So sign with Working Assets and write them a note telling them you want
to see a phonecard-only option soon, and chances are they'll be responsive
if they get enough of those.  Especially if they're getting them from people
who used to have accounts with teh Big Three.

@_date: 1993-05-22 02:35:30
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Consider "Working Assets" phone service instead of AT&T 
Yes, Working Assets buys SPRINT in bulk and re-sells it.  The thing is
though, they're getting it wholesale and selling it to the public at regular
prices, so this slices a chunk of Sprint's profits and gives it to WA.
Certainly better than giving the whole chunk to Sprint.  See the thing is,
someone has to run all that fiber all over the continent, and tie into
something else which runs out to the rest of the world.  In the 70s all of
this was being developed, but by now it's pretty much in place and there
probably is no economic basis to develop any new routes.  So you end up with
telephone pyramid scenes where each company is selling someone else's
trunks.  Now I want to get into local competition, and there is probably
room for WA to expand that way.  I may go as far as talking to them about
setting up some exchanges as a joint venture.  Could be interesting.

@_date: 1993-05-25 02:06:14
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Caller ID Question 
Caller ID in California: the question you need to ask is regarding ANI,
Automatic Number Identification.  That is available on 800-numbers and can
be delivered in realtime if you have enough traffic to justify a T1.  And of
course you can get it from any carrier you wish.  ANI is *not* Caller ID,
they work differently, use different signalling systems.

@_date: 1993-05-30 00:36:13
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: >>>>>'s 
Maybe I'm the only one around here who feels this way, but when I see a
posting which begins with a whole bunch of inanely long quotes from previous
postings, often going so far as to have whole nests of stacked >>>> symbols
in front, I just go, *splat* and ctrl-C, and on to the next.  Like, if we're
reading this stuff regularly, we've got enough of a sense of the flow to be
able to recognise someone's position from an abridged or abbreviated quote.
For example, "Dolphin-crypt... an unexamined system (by analysts outside the
community)..."  does as well to convey the meaning involved, as posting a
huge nest of paragraphs quoted entire.  So in summary, what d' y'all think
of trying to cut down on the swarms of >>>>>>>>>>> lengthy full-paragraph
quotes and replace them with something a bit more compact, eh...?

@_date: 1993-11-02 01:29:52
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: on the road... 
...and in Berkeley the PD has a little trailer they set up all by itself,
which has a radar system in it and a display in large red numerals.  There
is a place to hang some large printed numbers representing the speed limit.
There is a large sign on the back which says, "Speed limit (printed
numbers); your speed: (red display numbers), drive safely!"  No tickets
dispensed, but pretty effective at getting people to slow down.

@_date: 1993-11-07 02:02:50
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: ID of anonymous posters via word analysis? 
I'm not so sure about translation software... apparently there is a story
about the first time this was attempted; an NSA implementation for use on
the US-USSR hot line, to speed things along in the event of a crisis.
When they opened the thing up for test, there was a diplomat at each end,
and a top military official as well.  At the US end, they typed in, "The
spirit is willing but the flesh is weak."  Then it popped out in Russian,
and was typed back in again in Russian.  What popped back out in Washington
in English was, "The ghost is ready but the meat is raw."  Back to the
proverbial drawing board.  Presumably things have improved a bit since then, eh...?

@_date: 1993-11-12 05:29:30
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
RE "killing route 666," my primary objection is that there seems to be very
little emphasis on increasing access at the grassroots level; the way things
are going it will be 500 channels of commercial TV with "interactive"
limited to Home Shopping and other trivial bullshit.  I'm all in favor of
common carrier status, guaranteed access for all, etc; but the current
govt and private proposals & general moves like Bell/TCI, seem to miss the
mark widely.

@_date: 1993-11-13 03:10:01
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Should we oppose the 
You ask, "why have telecoms prices been declining for years?" and cite
overseas calls as an example.  In fact, the actual cost of local service has
gone up over 240% since deregulation, according to a detailed research
report a friend of mine is about to publish.

@_date: 1993-11-18 02:41:23
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: FCC policy 
Re Strick's item on "used to be legal to listen to anything that passed
through your airspace as long as you didn't (divulge or sell)..."  Yes this
used to be the case.  I'm not sure if ECPA is what changed it, but.... there
is some hope of getting it changed back again...
Bill Clinton just signed a piece of legislation which restored a pre-1990
standard with regard to religious freedom, overturning a more authoritarian
standard prmulgated by the Supreme Court in the last couple of years. The
critical case involved Native American use of peyote, a sacramental cactus
which is also a controlled substance.  Anyway, if Clinton is backing efforts
to return to older and more libertarian standards in one area, it's worth a
try he'd go for it in another area as well.  He made a decent statement
about how religious freedom is vital to the 1st Amendment, is foundational
in our country, and so on; one could make the same case around a freedom to
*hear* which is the necessary corrolary to the freedom to speak.

@_date: 1993-11-23 01:27:44
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Zen Master 
IGNORE HIM IGNORE HIM IGNORE HIM please!  People are dropping off the list
because of this stuff.

@_date: 1993-11-23 01:28:51
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Zen Master 
IGNORE HIM IGNORE HIM IGNORE HIM please take anything related to LD
elsewhere, this stuff is causing lots of good people to drop off the list.
thank you.

@_date: 1993-11-23 01:52:47
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Canadian application? 
Recently there have been articles & letters in the local gay press
complaining about Canadian Customs engaging in censorship by preventing gay
publications from entering Canada.  Seems to me this is an ideal case for
setting up a special-purpose private encrypted net, and gaining a vocal
constituency in our favor. What I have in mind would be to consult with various publishers in the gay
community, toward the end of setting up offices in Vancouver and Toronto
which would receive encrypted files from the US which could then be
reassembled into printed form for regular press production and distribution
within Canada: thereby entirely bypassing Customs and its censorship. I'm guessing that they'll probably want to use an authorised/licensed system
such as ViaCrypt, and wonder whether that can handle magazine and book
production type files, which may be text and/or graphics, full color, layout
details, and so on.  If anyone out there is interested in helping with this; preferably if you're
in the San Francisco Bay Area, email gg at well.sf.ca.us.

@_date: 1993-10-02 04:04:18
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: POISON PILL 
Remote control via pagers is subject to false-positives, i.e. you'd need a
passcode to activate it or otherwise the first wrong number which dialed
your pager would wipe you out... and also, you're not in any position to
dial your pager if some hypothetical robber was holding you hostage while
trying to get at your data.

@_date: 1993-10-09 02:49:29
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Spread-spectrum net (vulnerability of) 
Re. wireless networks that know where you are without making that info
available to anyone incl. net operators:  I think I might have something for
this.  Ericsson wireless PBX; essentially similar to a cellular system.
However, calls within the network are considered "intercom" calls and so the
system's "call detail recorder" won't keep track of them.   Ericsson is way
hot in wireless voice and data networks; and we're their local distributor
for PBX products.  I haven't got prices on hand since we haven't gotten a
request for something like this yet.  However, if anyone's seriously
interested, drop a line via email or phone me at 510-644.8085.
-george gleason, gg at well.sf.ca.us

@_date: 1993-10-10 01:49:36
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: PHONE PRIVACY 
Re. wiring two payphone lines together: uh, NO.  From a practical
standpoint, it will probably drop trouble cards at the CO.  From a legal
standpoint, it's theft of service, and especially with red boxes etc.;
again, a dumb place to make your stand in court.  Again, I want to suggest that the best thing to do is get a group of folks
together to establish a PBX which can be used as a concentrator/diverter.

@_date: 1993-10-13 03:37:01
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Spread-spectrum net (vulnerability of) 
RE your item, "a sort of virtual-space map, which would reveal
nothing about actual phyical location of the sites or the person you are
I'm not so sure... in cellular systems, cells must know where the handsets
are located in order to send incoming calls.  Your transmitter has a
physical location which could presumably be tracked in the normal manner,
and I would expect the overall routing information in a net to be
susceptible to traffic analysis in any case.  An individual who is using the
system to communicate wouldn't be able to find the physical address of
another user, but e.g. an intelligence agency which was looking at the
entire network would.  Even assuming spread-spectrum and various link
encryption techniques on top of whatever end-user encryption is supplied;
with enough traffic and enough time, it should be possible to do TA.  Or have I missed something....?

@_date: 1993-10-19 02:57:25
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: "ignore them" 
The simple solution to pesky posts is, as soon as you see it's something
you're not interested in, press ctrl C and go on to the next posting.  If someone's being a real online pest, ignore them and maybe they'll go
away.

@_date: 1993-10-21 03:52:41
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: PRIVACY: Shredded trash doesn't cut it 
Re shredding documents: the best thing I ever found was to tear papers into
strips about an inch wide and feed them to an ordinary household blender
which is about 3/4 full of water.  Turns the paper into mush.  Flush the
mush and that's that.  NOt recommended for hiding evidence of crimes; the
perfect crime is an illusion fostered by the media.

@_date: 1993-10-21 04:17:56
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Paper Shredders 
RE fire: you can still read ashes, it's commonly done.  Now as an addendum
to my previous about the use of blenders: for larger amounts, the kitchen
sink disposall with lots of water running... for really large amounts, soak
in a large container full of water for a few days to let it get soft, then
mush it up with either an electric cement mixer or a 1/2" electric drill
with paint mixing attachment.  The key to these operations is lots of water
so the paper will essentially be a suspended solid that easily tumbles and
shreds.  Too much paper in the mix will lead to a soggy mat that won't break
up easily.

@_date: 1993-10-25 02:49:00
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Subliminal Channels 
One last point on subliminal advertising... (yeah this is a digress but
Subliminal stimuli can be considered an induction procedure for an
individual behavior change.  Nondrug inductions of every kind (i.e.
meditation, hypnosis, lucid dream techniques, concentration and memory
techniques, progressive relaxation, biofeedback training, etc....) produce
variable results on a population sample; typically the results fall along a
normal curve wherein some people are strongly affected, some are moderately
affected, and some are affected very little if at all.  The relevance to advertising is, if a technique can reach perhaps 5% of your
readership and then cause 5% of those to alter their behavior favorably
toward your product, you've got a quarter of a percent of the market who at
least try your product once.  In the world of mass marketing, that small
number adds up.  If you were an ad executive, would you voluntarily give up
a tool that can add market share...?  Also, the heaviest users of certain categories of products, notably alcohol,
are also people who are notoriously suggestible, in the sense that they are
already over-reacting to their environment and are using large amounts of
alcohol in part to self-medicate against that.  Heavy users of any product
are usually seeking to fulfill some psychological need, a secondary need
which can be manipulated far more easily than can the simpler needs of the
average consumers.  This increases the effectiveness of any
psychologically-loaded selling technique.  I believe Key goes overboard in his own writings, but on the other hand I've
discovered so many examples of this kind of thing that there's no denying
it's going on.  Some of these are so blatant I can show the picture to an
untrained observer and say "what do you think of this?" and s/he immediately
spots the embedded item.  On the other hand, these days there are other
techniques, some far less subtle; for instance, the ads (particularly
billboards) for beverages which show them spurting ejaculatorily from very
phallic bottles... advertisers use anything which works, and that leaves a
whole lot to choose from.  anyway, back to our regular channel...

@_date: 1993-10-25 02:59:16
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Subliminal Channels 
Okay, one last post from me on this subject....
An academic text was published in the late 70s or early 80s on this, the
title was _Subliminal Stimulation_ if I remember correctly.  Most decent
university psych libraries should have a copy.  I don't recall the author or
editor's name, though I did read it while an undergrad.  The gist of it was
that there *is* an effect but it's *fairly small* in terms of the subject
population.  As I said before, any induction procedure will work for some
segment of the population, so it's not surprising.  I have to put myself in the middle on this arguement.  On one hand I think
Key went overboard; it would seem that what happened was he spent his
professional life doing advertising and then someone pointed out something
that was going on, and he over-reacted in the manner of anyone who suddenly
finds he's unwittingly been violating his own morals.  I would suggest that
some of the stuff he's trying to point to is valid, but a lot of it is
improbable to the point where I think a clinically trained observer might
see signs of paranoia.  Now on the other hand, I've found too many really
blatant examples of psychologically devious advertising techniques to write
this stuff off entirely.  The point isn't whether Key is a great
whistle-blower or a raving loonie; it isn't even whether there are forests
of hidden genitals growing in ad illustrations... the point is whether the
effect of saturation in psychologically-loaded high-production media aimed
toward promoting passive consumerism is healthy for a culture or for the
free will and dignity of its members.  And I would say it certainly is not.

@_date: 1993-10-26 04:15:03
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: a desperate plea 
Ray, your little rant about Detweiler, with those "I'm going to kill you"   things, is really getting on my nerves as well.  "wimp" and so on are       ad-hominems of the worst kind; in Berkeley we'd take that as a homophobic   slur similar to saying, "typical Jewish attitude" or some such.  Please stop clogging the mailing list with this bullshit, like NOW.  If you have rational points to make in a spirit of good will, please do so.  If all
you have to say is along the lines of your last posting, then I'd urge you  to get the hell off this list, and find somewhere else to play dumb games.

@_date: 1993-09-02 02:20:09
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: NY TAXES CYBERSPACE, CRAM REACTS 
Yeah, I agree the tax is stupid, and I would certainly hope that some of the
affected parties get together and start some kind of lawsuit on the basis of
the discriminatory preference for paper media... ...but for God's sake, let's not sink to the level of calling for the
assassination of elected officials... aside from the obvious legal issues,
that puts us on *their* level.

@_date: 1993-09-03 03:37:03
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Digital Cash Experiment 
60-cents per minute...?   Is that the going rate on debit phone cards?  Do
you know any place I can call to find out more about these...?

@_date: 1993-09-05 01:27:30
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Gubment Bombmaker's Cookbook 
This case brings up the same larger issue as does privacy in all its forms:
the question of whether and to what degree the protection of the Bill of
Rights extends into the realm of electronic media.  I strongly suggest it's time to start a grassroots campaign for a new
constitutional amendment which extends all constitutional protections to
include and encompass "any electronic or optical or other means of
information storage, processing, and communication."  With a relatively
liberal, pro-technology administration in the White House, this stands a
better chance of passing now than it did a few years ago.   A constitutional amendment would put BBSs etc. on the same footing as the
spoken word and the printed page.  Without this, we're doomed to a future of
petty tyrrany and censorship.

@_date: 1993-09-12 01:28:17
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: EC isn't great for privacy either... 
Right, "most people accept" the need for Big Brother to snoop..... In the UK, during the 1970s, the govt routinely tapped the phones of labor
union organisers and members of opposing political parties. This got out in
a series of articles in _New Statesman_.  Presumably it was easy for
dissident telephone engineers to detect evidence of the taps, because the
exchanges were electromechanical in those days & taps were hard-wired.
Nowadays, it's all System X or other digital, no evidence to detect, no
dissident engineers popping out of the woodwork....  There are plenty of other examples of politically-motivated tapping;
opposition political parties ought to be making much hay over this right
During Nazi occupation, Dutch telephone engineers were particularly adept at
creating non-tappable direct-dial long distance routes for special use by
the resistance.  After the war was over, they unveiled it for public use as
direct distance dialing.  Anyway, if any of these veterans are around, they
would probably have interesting things to say about the current issues...

@_date: 1993-09-15 02:05:14
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: more than spread spectrum 
Re. Carl's suggestion to "lay our own wires/fibers..."
That's exactly what I'm up to with the Community Dialtone project.
Basically it comes down to having a neighborhood switch.  We may be doing
our first installation in the Winter, about 800 lines if all goes well.
Seems to me that owning the switching & transmission infrastructure has a
lot of possibilities.  Anyway, more news to come on this in a few weeks...
The thing is, I've looked into things like having infrared laser networks
and various non-switched message relay systems... these just don't have the
overall reliability of a decent switched system, for a large number of
reasons which essentially boil down to the fact that each individual link is
weak enough that even a redundant system can break down badly at points
where the link density is relatively thin.  Then also there's the question
of economic feasilbility; to make a decentralised/non-switched system work,
you need an application that is *so* popular that everyone in an area will
want to be in.  This comes down to subscriber density, and the issue is
basically the same with telephone lines, but everyone needs a phone line...
cable TV has high market penetration but satellite TV doesn't... how can we
expect a lot of average folks to set up an infrared relay, eh...?  Seems to
me the best thing is to have the IR relays located where they can connect
among the switching systems serving the various blocks and neighborhoods.
(and if anyone's figured out how to do that at 2.048 Mb, i.e. approx double
T1, please email me ASAP).

@_date: 1993-09-16 02:04:33
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: caching scripts 
filler messages....
Little Jack Horner
sat in the corner
decrypting a long email letter.
The letter was dull
but the humorous "null"
that it ended with made him feel better!

@_date: 1993-09-17 04:35:01
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: more on AT&T 
Compared to the recent news of subpoenas, the following is pretty mild
stuff, but nonetheless it may be of some value:
An AT&T companywide newsletter sent to 300,000 employees, contained a
cartoon showing people all over the world talking together on the phone.  In
every continent there was a picture of a human, except for the continent of
Africa, where a **monkey** was pictured.  Upon having the obvious racist
significance of this pointed out, AT&T issued an apology.  Okay, anyone who can come up with a copy of this thing, email me:
gg at well.sf.ca.us.
LEt's get it into circulation; it will help make things hot for the company
which sells Phones With Big Brother Inside.  Hey, re these subpoenas: time for an emergency meeting to discuss legal
strategies, publicity strategies, and all that stuff, yes?  How about
Sunday?

@_date: 1993-09-19 01:26:43
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Does this seem illegal to you? 
Sprint TeleMap:
You've been after this woman who gives you the ultimate hard-on, but she    won't play.  Every night you write her another letter, pouring out your     heart, begging for her hand, telling her all the lucious things you'll do   with her once she comes to her senses and lets you into her life.  Lately
you've been getting your letters back,"return to sender, no such addressee"
in purple Post Office ink.  But no matter, you call her number, and get the
recording with her new number.  You've been getting angrier lately, as she's
changed her number three times now.  If only she would let you into her
life, you'd make wonderful music together by the moonlight- but No!, she
just won't play.  The anger has been building, and lately you've been taking
to leaving more and more desperate messages on her answering machine.  She's
really getting to you now, you want to teach her a lesson, a lesson she'll
never forget.  You've been trying to follow her car home from work, but for
some reason she's not driving the same car or taking the same route; she
might even have changed jobs.  Boy oh boy, you'll teach *her* a lesson,
teach *her* to say No to you!  You feel inside your jacket, where your .38
is carefully tucked.  Yeah, teach her a lesson for sure!  And lo, a Sprint
payphone!  You dial the 1-800 number and ask for directions... give them her
last known phone number... the seconds tick by, your head whirling with the
things you're going to tell her and make her plead with you.... a second or
two later, the operator comes back on the line.   Go right at Harbor... left
at Main... two blocks down to Third, second house on the left.  Aha, there
we go.  Thank you, operator.  A warm bulge rises in your pants as you
contemplate your next move.  Boy are you going to teach her a lesson!
This special moment brought to you by Sprint TeleMap.

@_date: 1993-09-22 03:13:26
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Master Key: A Clipper Story 
This is odd,... I never got the original posting; if anyone can email it to
me I'd be thrilled (gg at well.sf.ca.us)... thanks-

@_date: 1993-09-26 01:50:58
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: saturation tactics? 
In a discussion on the Well, some folks were speculating about the idea of
lots and lots of people & companies applying for those arms export licenses,
on the basis that they *might* sell crypto to a foreigner, or *might* go on
an overseas business trip with their laptop with a crypto program on it,
etc.  This is a great case of an old protest tactic which we used to call
"saturation," which involves lots and lots of people scrupulously obeying an
unfair or controversial law to the point where it starts to swamp the
system.  Seeme like it might be worth looking into.  Any comments...?

@_date: 1993-09-28 01:01:24
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: saturation tactics? 
yeah, here's a cheaper version.  Write to the arms excport license people
and pester them with questions: I'm a BBS operator, what should I do?; I'm a
businessperson travelling overseas and need my crypto to comm with the home
office what should I do?; all this kind of thing.  Swamp them with letters.
Every person and every circumstance which even remotely fits.  An alternative version which would require more guts and perhaps a serious
conscientious decision about whether it's worth making this an act of civil
disobedience, is to write to them and say, "I'm a BBS operator, not an arms
merchant, and on the strength of my 1st-A rights I'm not going to censor my
board or get a license..."  or  "I'm a businessperson who travels & takes my
cryupto out of the country on my laptop to comm with the home office; I'm
not an arms dealer either and I don't intend to get a license..."  And
again, there is strength in numbers here.   And of course, a good steganographic program or two would be a very nice
development indeed, Just In Case.

@_date: 1993-09-28 01:21:24
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: PGP Business Week article 
Re. Representative Sam Gejdenson (pronounced as if spelled "gaydenson",
accent on first syllable):  I went to one of his campaign appearances when
he first ran for office (this was Middletown Connecticut, 1980), and was
very much impressed by his positions on various issues, and in particular,
his background knowledge in a number of areas including engineering and
policy areas related to the environment.... he is definitely someone who has
a good ability to digest and utilise technical information in detail, and
I'd say he could be a very very key person on our side of these issues.  He
definitely deserves 100% support and all the solid detailed information we
can provide.

@_date: 1993-09-28 01:26:19
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Verilog encryption broken 
Re Mark's question about the ethics of revealing that a proprietary system
is crackable:
I believe there is every right and duty to make the vulnerability publicly
known.  However, this can be done without disclosing enough of the content
of the badly-protected information as to come in for heat.  For example, one
might post little snippets of a source code file which by themselves aren't
usable but which the original owners will instangly recognise.  This would
be akin to the "fair use" of quotations from literature and poetry in
critical reviews.  And I also believe it would stand up in court, because
the material which was revealed in the quotations could not be used in and
of itself to devalue the content of the original complete work.

@_date: 1993-09-29 02:36:22
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Disturbing statistics on wiretaps 
And of course it should be remembered that there is still an old drug-war
thing on the books which allows 72 hours' interception without a court
order.  Now depending on how that's interpreted, 72 hours are a lot of
conversations.  This stuff can be used for background intelligence and
investigation where it never winds up in court but is used to get
information to be used in other ways.  "It's what they don't tell you..."

@_date: 1993-09-29 02:51:40
@_author: George A. Gleason 
@_subject: Hacking ClipperPhones 
Re your suggestion of a cypherpunk daughterboard to substitute for Clipper
in "secure" phones etc.:
I have a sneaky suspicion that AT&T won't be quite so cooperative.  They
constantly do things in such a way as to make it darn hard to do anything
with their products except exactly what they intended to do.  It might be
worth a try though... OTOH anything that creates more demand for AT&T phones
is a not-good thing in my view... we need an entirely competing product, and
preferably cheaper than an AT&T clipperphone + daughterboard, for obvious
competitive reasons.  There are plenty of telephone manufacturers in the world.  Some are
relatively small shops in Asia which make European knock-offs for the Asian
operating companies.  I know of another one in Portugal which at least ten
years ago was favorable to doing mildly custom stuff.  If nyone here is
seriously interested in competing cryptophones, I'd be willing to find an
appropriate telephone set manufacturer who makes quality phones and is
willing to put in a daughterboard socket or other useful mods.
-gg at well.sf.ca.us
