
@_date: 2013-10-10 10:39:46
@_author: Giles Coochey 
@_subject: [pfSense] NSA: Is pfSense infiltrated by "big brother" NSA or others? 
I too was surprised to see some activity on the pfsense list, after
seeing only a few posts per week I checked today to find several dozen
messages talking about a topic I have been concerned with myself - as
a network security specialist, how much can I trust the firewalls I
use, be they embedded devices, software packages, or 'hardware' from
There are many on-topic things to discuss here:
1. Which Ciphers & Transforms should we now consider secure (pfsense
provides quite a few cipher choices over some other off the shelf
2. What hardware / software & configuration changes can we consider to
improve RNG and ensure that should we increase the bit size of our
encryption, reduce lifetimes of our SAs that we can still ensure we
have enough entropy in the RNG on a device that is typically starved
of traditional entropy sources.
This is so much on-topic, I am surprised that there has been a
movement to call this thread to stop, granted - it may seem that the
conversation may drift into a political one, with regard to privacy
law etc... however, that is a valid sub-topic for a discussion list
that addresses devices that are designed and implemented to safe-guard

@_date: 2013-10-10 14:50:41
@_author: Giles Coochey 
@_subject: [pfSense] Can pfSense be considered trusted? What implementations of VPNs can now be trusted? 
Trying to get this back on-topic, I will change the subject however,
to alleviate the issues the anti-tin-foil-hat-brigade have. (ps I am
also top-posting on purpose as I believe the conversation below has
near to no relevance to my questions, but simply is an argument as to
whether these questions should be asked, to which I believe in the
I have various questions to offer for discussion  which have been
bothering me since various security related issues that have appeared
in the media recently: (see:
Clearly, at the moment, open source security tools ought to have an
advantage over closed-source tools. However, peer review of
open-source code is not always complete, and there have been questions
whether even algorithms have been subverted.
1. The random number generator - As pfSense uses FreeBSD this may well
be a FreeBSD specific question, however, are there any ways within
pfsense that we can improve the entropy pool that the random number
gets its randomness from? Has anyone had any experience of
implementing an external entropy source (e.g.
 in pfsense?
2. Cipher Selection - we're not all cryptoanalysts, so statements like
'trust the math' don't always mean much to us, given the reports in
the media, what is considered a safe cypher? I recently switched from
AES-256 to Blowfish-256, hashing from SHA-1 to SHA-512 and pfs group 2
to pfs group 5, and I reduced my SA lifetimes from 28800 to 1800.
Could that be considered overkill? What Cipher's are others using?
Have any of you, who have been made recently aware of the media
coverage recently, also changed your cipher selection? What kind of
changes did you make?
3. pfSense - In general do you consider pfsense secure?? As we are
apparently told, asking whether the NSA has inserted or influenced the
code in any way either in the pfsense code, or the upstream base
(FreeBSD) is a question that we can't ask, as if it were the case then
the NSA would have instructed someone in the know, to answer in the
