
@_date: 1995-12-02 05:42:33
@_author: Charles Gimon 
@_subject: nsa and netscape (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
I found my way to  but the most recent documents
that they had online were about three weeks old. I, too, am curious what the source for this was.

@_date: 1995-12-02 14:55:14
@_author: Charles Gimon 
@_subject: [NOISE] Fun quote 
Just heard on tonight's "X-Files"...
"The NSA?? Since when did they start issuing you guys
piano wire instead of guns??"
I can hear the clatter of .sig files being updated all
over the net.

@_date: 1995-12-03 01:07:39
@_author: Charles Gimon 
@_subject: Applied Cryptography MPLS Book Release 
Did I mention that Bruce Schneier and Ms. Cooper are charming hosts
with an excellent caterer? Probably not, with all the Netscape/GAK
hoo-hah going on. Well, if you'll excuse me for posting thanks a couple of days late,
thanks for an excellent time. It was good to see some of the local
folks in person again.

@_date: 1995-12-15 13:04:54
@_author: Charles Gimon 
@_subject: ADDRESS DATABASE? (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
It was probably a shrewd guess on the part of the phone peon,
combined with a fresh database from the telephone company. Are there many people in your zip code with the same last name as
yourself? If not, that pretty much answers your question right
When you pull a credit report from TRW's database, the only
information TRW needs is the first four (?) letters of the last
name, the initial of the first name, the numeric part of the
address, the first character of the street name, and the zip code.
I'll leave it to the experts in information theory to explain
that in rigorous technical detail.
Given only a last name and a zip code, I wouldn't be surprised
if you found the proper individual most of the time. (If you're in
Minnesota and you're looking for Swenson in 55419, you may need
more info, but not much.)
Another anecdote to add to the pile: I moved to a new apartment
last May. For various reasons, I got an unlisted number, and had
my credit card bills and magazine subscriptions sent to a mail
drop (MBE). The phone, gas, electric and cable bills went to the
new apartment, not to the mail drop.
I didn't get any junk mail at the new apartment until a couple
of weeks ago--right after I changed my subscription to Byte to
come here (now I'm getting AOL disks, etc.). Before that, I got
no junk mail here (except from the phone or cable company). I
get almost no telemarketing calls; I used to get at least one a
night with a listed phone number.
My experience appears to be that credit card and magazine companies
sell lists; utility and cable companies don't. Mass mailers must
not get unlisted number customers on the lists they get from the
phone company. Again, this is only from my experience, all disclaimers
And all this has no relevance whatsoever when you bring the government into the picture.
Crypto relevance? Well, I did mention information theory...

@_date: 1995-12-15 21:43:12
@_author: Charles Gimon 
@_subject: ADDRESS DATABASE? [getting noisy] 
Forwarded message:
[Sandfort summer picnic invitation list deleted]
Well, "information wants to be free", and all that stuff...

@_date: 1995-11-07 06:17:32
@_author: Charles Gimon 
@_subject: DejaNews all over again--a URL for Usenet Searching (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Or to paraphrase Huey Long, "Every Man a Kibo".

@_date: 1995-11-17 18:40:08
@_author: Charles Gimon 
@_subject: No Privacy Right in Indonesia ? (fwd) 
I spent several minutes resisting a followup, but if people are going to
discuss, I have to cave...
Forwarded message:
I'll try to keep this as short as possible...
Almost anything on the Internet about East Timor is just crap. Get that out
of the way first. I've put the entire Portugal domain in my kill file. It's
like reading the lowest grade of anti-abortion rant from an AOLer.
The issue under all the others is "what happens when Suharto dies". Lots of people, both in and out of power, are biding their time until
Suharto leaves power.
My hunch is that practically nobody in Indonesia has a PC at home like
most US Internet users do. They're getting access through a company or
university, or through a government office. A distributed network can
resist censorship--but Indonesia isn't very distributed yet, and almost
everyone is dependent on some sort of institutional access. Most people
in Indonesia--including a lot of middle-class people--don't have a phone.
You run down the street to a government Telkom office or a private Wartel office to make a phone call. Putting Web terminals in Wartels--
now *that would be a concept.
If you dig into the UUCP maps for Java, you'll see a surprising number
of sites listed in all sorts of little places. How many of those are
up and operating, I have no idea. You are routinely warned that people
at those sites are generally charged for receiving foreign e-mail, and
that that can be expensive for them at current exchange rates.
Private Internet providers (RadNet, IDOLA, IndoNet) have popped up
only in the last year or so. I have links to some from my home page
As for the rubber hose...Indonesia is a fairly inscrutable country to
try to figure out. They are quite capable of simply killing people if
necessary; at other times, the wheels of justice turn agonizingly slow,
and people are left free for the moment not knowing what might end up
happening (a la Phil Zimmerman). My at-a-distance impression is that
you see more of the Alabama-Sheriff's-Deputy kind of oppression than the Nazi-jackboot kind. Either way, it's millions of light years from
the Libertarian Home World.
Technology is a hot issue in Indonesia, partly because one of Suharto's
favorite ministers, Mr. Habibie, is kind of a techno-nut, and has been
pushing a variety of medium- and high-tech projects for Indonesia. Some
people feel that he's being allowed to do whatever he wants, regardless
as to whether his projects make any economic sense or not. After Suharto
is gone, it will be interesting to see how high-tech stuff fares. In
short, will Habibie end up giving it a bad name? Or will the technological
middle class come to power and do it right the second time around?
I'm going to stop rambling, and add something of more crypto-relevance.
I've got an old article of mine about remailers in my web pages.
( I've talked it
up in soc.culture.indonesia and soc.culture.malaysia. Later, sameer
asked me to put a link to c2.org in there. Now, I'm getting a low but
respectable number of hits on that page (30-40 per day)...so it's not
out of the question that some of those Indonesian users might be finding their way to sameer's site for a badly-needed nym.

@_date: 1995-09-06 20:01:08
@_author: Charles Gimon 
@_subject: University logging mail to anon.penet (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
punk.net is in San Luis Obispo. Since Skypoint carries a lot of regional groups, I can follow the issue on Usenet, in these
Those of you who don't get the slo.* groups, you can probably see
the original posts in comp.org.eff.talk or alt.comp.acad-freedom.
The subject is "No subject".
(I still chuckle when I see the group slo.sex ...)
