
@_date: 2005-11-28 10:44:47
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: use of routing information in anti-fraud mechanisms 
It seems that some anti-fraud mechanisms have evolved to use information
about how a user is connected to the Internet to determine whether they
are likely to be fradulent.  Specifically, in my case it turns out that
Paypal does not accept my debit card:
"We were unable to verify this credit card through our card validation
process. To proceed with checkout, please verify the information you
entered is correct or try a different card."
I do not have other cards, and my card works everywhere else.  A little
online investigation suggests that Paypal outsources its card
verification process to an overzealous company called CyberSource, and
there are many false positives.
I suspect that in my case, the false positive is related to my use of
According to this article, geographic location (i.e. "where a buyer's
computer is") determined by IP address and ISP data, can cause a
transaction to be denied:
These articles cite geolocation as a useful anti-fraud technique:
It seems to me that the world has already begun walking down the
dangerous road of developing infrastructure that rely upon routing
information and ISP data to identify fraudulent activity.  This will
present a major stumblingblock to the deployment of location-independent
services and overlay networks such as Tor that attempt to separate
location from identity.
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-11-29 08:57:48
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: use of routing information in anti-fraud mechanisms 
First, Tor is an experimental overlay network, and it has been (rightly)
designed to be easy to flag and block.  While it is certainly possible
that CyberSource is rejecting my card because I am connecting from an IP
address that is known to host a Tor node, I do not believe this to be
the case.  Having read the various articles and documents from my
previous post, I am inclined to believe that CyberSource simply noticed
that my card had a billing address in Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA,
while my source IP address corresponded to an ISP that was located
nowhere near Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA, and based upon these
observations, CyberSource concluded that I am most likely a fraud.
Use of location information may indeed serve as a moderately effective
technique in stopping the more irresolute cyberfrauds who do not bother
using the very same geolocation techniques to choose a source IP address
whose corresponding geographic location is close to the billing address
of the card.  On the surface such an approach appears to be a rather
obvious and harmless step for those of us interested in cracking down on
fradulent activity.  Sure, this is an arms race, but sometimes
participating in an arms race is the best option we have, right?  In
this case I am not so sure.
I call the use of location information "overzealous" because it tramples
the end-to-end principles upon which the Internet was built.  There is a
very real sense in which use of location information permanently tethers
us to an infrastructure in which access to Internet resources is a
function of how we are connected rather than how we have identified
using end-to-end methods, and this poses a challenge to maintaining the
global consistency of the Internet that we have come to expect.
Suddenly "Internet access" means something radically different when
offered in Russia rather than Germany or when offered in Brazil rather
than the US.  Inevitably, this technical reality opens the door for
hackish VPN-style solutions to make people appear to be somewhere else
in order to get the Internet access they really want, and such solutions
are expensive both in terms of setup cost and performance.  Do we really
want to promote this future, especially when it hurts legitimate users
more than it hurts true frauds in the long run?  I think that we do not,
and I see the use of location information in infrastructure services as
one of the greatest challenges to maintaining Internet consistency over
the next decade.
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-10-23 21:54:04
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Access for the uncomputed 
I see the problem as this: not everyone can run Tor on the machines from
which they browse the web, and not everyone can configure their proxy
settings to point at an open Tor proxy.
I hacked serifos to function as a proxy that sends traffic through Tor.
It is not entirely perfect, but it usually works.  Known limitations
include failure to properly munge image and link tags on SSL-encrypted
pages and an inability to properly handle redirections resulting from
Javascript code.
So, you can visit:
where TOR_HTTP_URL is any HTTP or HTTPS URL, and the Tor client running
on serifos will take you to your specified URL.  For example,
This is how it works:
First, I configured apache on serifos to use mod_proxy:
    ProxyPass /proxy/ Then, I ran my own proxy script that feeds requests to Privoxy and
munges HTML replies to properly translate image and link tags.  The code
is here:
I invoke this script as follows:
$ edgeproxy -l localhost:8119 -r localhost:8118
Finally, I ran Privoxy on port 8118, in the normal manner specified
on the Tor website.
Please check it out if you are interested and feed me bug reports if you
find anything broken (other than what I described).
blinken at gmail.com]
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-09-27 21:32:14
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: Hello directly from Jimbo at Wikipedia 
In case it was not painfully obvious, I posted two very critical
messages about the policy of Wikipedia with respect to Tor nodes.  I
sent one of these messages in April and another just a few hours ago.
I apologize for my tone in these messages.  I contributed nothing
of constructive value, and if I accomplished anything it was only to
further polarize the community around the two perspectives.  I have
neither the intellect nor the disposition to be as level-headed about
this as I would like to be, but I will try.
I would like to make clear that what I intended to say was that as
a researcher in the area of Internet transport, I believe that Tor is a
crucial first step to achieving location-independence for Internet
peers.  I believe in location-independence to the extent that I would
like to see every host on the Internet have the ability to communicate
without revealing its network address.  Since my research specifically
revolves around using Tor to achieve location-independence, I tend to
become overly frustrated when the providers of vital Internet services
impose restrictions that may reduce support for Tor among developers and
the general public.
We ARE on the same side.  I don't think that anyone on this list would
question that Roger, Nick, and Jimbo have all worked hard to make the
world a better place, and that to a significant extent, their visions of
a better world have already been achieved as a result of their efforts.
In the absence of a better solution, I am glad that Wikipedia blocks Tor
nodes, since otherwise the world would quickly lose an important
resource (and Tor would be blamed).  In particular, the continued
success of the Wikipedia project depends upon articles being accurate
and unvandalized, and all potential threats to this goal may rightly be
considered suspect.  What worries me is that as of now we have not yet
ensured that users seeking location-independence would be able to edit
Wikipedia articles like everyone else.  I do not view the use of Tor as
a form of "lurking in shadows"; I think that it represents a happier
future in which the use of network-layer addresses to censor the
activity of Internet peers is difficult or impossible.
It is not necessary to build a user-authentication mechanism into Tor.
For example, any third party can build a proxy accessible via Tor that
provides authentication considered suitable by Wikipedia, and clients
can use that proxy when they want to edit Wikipedia articles.  A similar
approach that has been widely discussed was to build an authentication
mechanism into Wikipedia that would be used only for clients contacting
Wikipedia via hosts that would otherwise be filtered.
The problem with these two potential solutions is that we still do not
have a good idea of what kinds of authentication would actually work.
For example, it may be undesirable to use credit card numbers or
referrals from existing users.  Wikipedia seeks to achieve a certain
degree of openness and availability to contributors, and it would seem
that mechanisms that authenticate and verify pose a threat to this
openness and availability.
Might it be possible to come up with a list of technical desiderata for
a potential end-to-end Wikipedia access policy?  It is my feeling that
if we consider the requirements carefully, we will be able to devise a
solution that satisfies all of our constraints.
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-09-28 09:55:41
@_author: Geoffrey Goodell 
@_subject: [roy@rant-central.com: Re: [jwales@wikia.com: Re: 
I think that we can agree that there are short-term and long-term
solutions to this problem.  In the short-term, we can block Tor nodes by
routing address and develop special mechanisms to allow Tor users to
edit Wikipedia content anyway.  We can do this either via some sort of
indirection or via some sort of special change to Wikipedia itself,
working around the limitations in Mediawiki.  We can focus on the
short-term for now.
However, I think that most proponents of Tor believe that in the
long-term, Wikipedia should support location-independent users.  So we
need a plan going forward, and this plan should be sufficiently general
to apply to any location-independent users, not just users of Tor.  I
think that many of us hope that some day the Internet will be flat and
routing information will be useless in tracking identity or reputation.
This will be difficult to achieve, but it is certainly my hope.  As
such, I am loath to encourage the design of systems that require any
form of access control at the network layer, and I believe that the
right thing to do is avoid such temptation, even if software tools like
Mediawiki appear to be designed with network-layer access control in
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]
