
@_date: 2001-09-13 00:23:53
@_author: Howie Goodell 
@_subject: Squaring the Libertarian Circle 
(sorry if this repeats; I posted it yesterday but didn't see
Yesterday's terrorist attacks could easily result in the
greatest assaults on freedom and privacy in America since
McCarthyism.  However they also represent an opportunity. My interest in crypto dates to David Chaum's August 1992
_Scientific American_ article, "Achieving Electronic
Privacy".  In it he offered a choice between two patterns in
which to pour the concrete of digital society:  base it on
identifying everyone, or on anonymous crypto credentials
using his blind signature algorithm.  The first pattern is
more obvious but destroys privacy and freedom; the second
can offer the same benefits while enhancing them.
Since 1992 we have traveled far down the first path, and
yesterday's events may ratchet us many steps further unless
offer a convincing alternative.  It is simple:  yes, we
could make our society much safer from terrorism by giving
police Gestapo surveillance authority, but Americans will
not tolerate it:  you will end up with some compromise that
is only half-secure (as well as half-free.)  Here are
protocols for much better security.  They involve private information, but people will accept them because they require the minimum loss of privacy.
What should we propose?  This group may be the world's best
source.  Better think fast, though; so we can offer them
widely before alternatives are rammed down our throats.
A few ideas to get the ball rolling:
Active privacy protection:
Collect the information a zealous G-man or Gestapo craves -
fingerprints, DNA, dossier, phone logs, etc., but encrypt
untraceably divide it through remailers in locations chosen
randomly by input from me and those collecting it.  As long
as I keep regularly anonymously authenticating myself, the
pieces can neither be located to destroy or compromise them,
or reunited.  If my transmissions stop for some period, say
because I blew myself up in a suicide attack, the different
providers send their pieces to the authorities and the game
is up.  I can assign a digital Power of Attorney or
inheritance for others to maintain my privacy when I can't,
but, if a grand jury investigating the plane I hijacked
publicly and legally indicts or subpoenas me (or the alias
under which I bought my plane ticket), they can broadcast a
code that retrieves some or all the data.  However their
actual locations are unknown:  if I set it up that way,
after some interval they also send it to my lawyer, a
selection of newspapers, etc.
Un-auditable taps:
Record full taps of all telephone and email conversations. Encrypt with multiple keys and/or divide the bits and store
with redundancy and active privacy protection in multiple
locations through remailers, as before.  The conversation
may only continue while the recording is anonymously proven
to be occurring.  During the statutory storage period, the
providers anonymously check one another, and regenerate in a
new randomly chosen location if one provider disappears.  On
the statutory expiration date, all the pieces do. Watchdog timer:
Like the processor in a control system, the computers of a
jet require regular interaction with their assigned,
authenticated, and conscious pilot.  Otherwise they announce
his incapacity to the world, and hand themselves over to
remote control from an authenticated ground controller. (Not necessarily blinded, but included because topical.)
Also, I have a few more related older ideas on my website
Good luck!
Howie Goodell

@_date: 2001-09-13 16:00:57
@_author: Howie Goodell 
@_subject: Cypherpunks and terrorism 
The fact is, crypto as we know it is a luxury.  It didn't
even exist ten years ago.  None of the crypto tools we use
did.  We can hardly make a case that banning or restricting
access to them will send us back into the stone age.
Please, let's end these spurious arguments that providers of
crypto tools are no different than the people who make the
metal in the airplane wings.
There's a big difference, which anyone with an ounce of
sense can see.
Banning airplanes is not an option.  Banning crypto is.
I disagree.  Ten years ago neither the Web nor e-commerce
existed, either, and ordinary people had barely heard of
email or cell phones.  Their privacy was protected by the
labor and traceability of intercepting paper mail and
tapping analog phones.  Without encryption, every national
government will have technology to effortlessly spy on all
their citizens all the time.  Inevitably, some will use it. Saying cryptography is a luxury because it is new is like
saying seat belts are a luxury because horse-drawn carriages
didn't have them.
Howie Goodell

@_date: 2001-09-14 11:53:13
@_author: Howie Goodell 
@_subject: How to win the new war 
Hi --
I just submitted the ff. article to my local newspaper.  I
suggest lots of you do something similar.  Our best chance
to keep crypto free is to present it loudly and clearly as
the way for our countries to *achieve* security, not an
irresponsible demand that they forgo it.  BTW I wrote _Scientific American_ to ask that they re-post
David Chaum's 1992 article, "Achieving Electronic Privacy"
that makes this point so well.  It's easily Googled if they
don't, though.
Howie Goodell

@_date: 2001-09-14 13:44:17
@_author: Howie Goodell 
@_subject: How to win the new war 
Allow me to re-quote the end of my paragraph, and following
paragraph which was the one I really cared about:
could be designed without removable storage or
communications links:  after a few days they would erase
their records unless they were read out after a hijacking.
personal identification assumes there is a fundamental
trade-off between being insecure and becoming a police
state; therefore democracies have to settle for some
compromise that is only halfway secure and only halfway
free.  This is not true today.  Electronic and cryptographic
technology like David Chaum's "blind signature" and
"personal representative" lets us design systems with both
strong security and strong protection of privacy and
individual freedom.  (See his August, 1992 _Scientific
American_ article, "Achieving Electronic Privacy".)
My point was that we should sell crypto as a way to achieve
security.  That's a product people are buying this week. Cryptographic protocols can square the circle; provide both
privacy and security.  So let's be imaginative and sell,
sell, sell!
These smart cards don't need to be connectable to your
identity; just your body and a responsible party's
signature.  American Airlines and Lloyds put $1B behind my
biometrics being one of an authorised class of pilots or
plane cleaners.  Who I am isn't necessary.  Biometric
scanners can be open source as well as unconnected.  The
signature on the card can be blind (albeit after a
mind-boggling number of Chaumian challenges.)  Databases of
biometrics can be separated from identity and accessed
through remailers.  If we can get the bandwagon rolling our
way, we have a chance to steer it.  If not -- well, you're
better at those metaphors.
Take care!
Howie Goodell

@_date: 2001-09-14 15:32:27
@_author: Howie Goodell 
@_subject: How to win the new war 
The point we need to make is that you can be far *safer*
with Chaumian anonymous credentials etc.  How long would it
take to persuade people to have their biometrics checked and
compared with a central server and recorded forever -- even
this week?  The key point is to rely on a digital
signature.  The rest is incremental.
Howie Goodell

@_date: 2001-09-15 23:33:13
@_author: Howie Goodell 
@_subject: Technology Review - Also in the News - US weighs new forms of  
References: <3BA36496.B0BBE4BD
I think what is silly is not proposing alternatives, and
then being shocked, SHOCKED when frightened "sheeple" make a
choice that is rational according to the information they
have.  A smartcard that contains my biometrics and the
signature of American Airlines, "This person is one of our
pilots" gives the same assurance as a system that sends them
to a central site to look up and add to my voluminous
dossier.  If we don't make the case now, the second system
will be adopted and it will be our fault.
Howie Goodell

@_date: 2001-09-15 23:52:17
@_author: Howie Goodell 
@_subject: Crypto-anonymity greases HUMINT intelligence flows 
The plot sickens.  I assume you saw the news reports today
that bin Ladin's associates did exactly that with the German
reinsurer who will bear the brunt of the WTC claims? Persuade Ahmed to incinerate himself and 10,000 bystanders,
and then -- cha ching!
Take care!
Howie Goodell

@_date: 2001-09-18 00:22:15
@_author: Howie Goodell 
@_subject: Stay on the sunny side of cyphers 
Hi --
My cousin asked me to give her some ideas for a SNL-style
skit about, "The Software Group from Hell."  I had a lot of
fun complying.  Unfortunately it seems easier to be funny
exploiting stereotypes than challenging them.
             The Software Group from Hell
(characters with descriptions and varying amounts of dialog)
Game Boy
He's on the 8715th level of UltraGigaQuake.  Don't bother
him; he's closing in on the world record level of 9217.  He
announces a new level every minute or so.
Jason and Bob
Two young punk programmers running through the office
playing paintball, popping in between other vignettes to
splatter one another or an innocent bystander.  Jason wrote
a program that is about to complete the company's big
project, but Bob hacked into his computer and inserted a
virus.  Now the program runs so slowly that the answer only
comes up a line at a time every few minutes.  Each time a
line comes up, people rush to his monitor and desperately
copy it down before the screen goes black.
The D.O.T.
Daniel O. Torvalds, AKA "The Dot", erstwhile dot-bomb
billionaire CEO, sits on the phone all day chasing deals and
munching pizza while dropping jaded, world-weary asides and
telling war stories about the 4 spectacularly successful
startups he sold to AOL, Sony, Microsoft, and IBM.  The
other 11 including the latest were flops; so right now he is
broke and crashing here.  He is 22.
The Autistic Savant
(Model his mannerisms and speech on Dustin Hoffman's
performance in "Rainman.")  He is standing, wearing a
head-mounted display and typing on a chording keyboard in
his back pocket, complaining that his AI speech recognition
program won't fit on a single CD anymore.  "But a CD has 650 megabytes.  How many lines of code is
that?" "45,213,917 lines of code.  5,313,713 of them are 'if'
statements.  I like 'if' statements."  "How did you have time to write that much code?"
"Your keyboard is inefficient.  I remapped my keys.  Not
Dvorak.  Dvorak is optimized for English.  My keyboard was
optimized for C++.  I don't use my keyboard any more.  I put
7 switches on a round frame.  7 switches gives me 7 bits.  I
chord in ASCII."
"Oh yes, ASCII.  That stands for 'American Standard Code for
Information Interchange', right?"
"No, ASCII is what it produces.  It's the ass-key.  It's in
my back pocket.  Pretty soon I won't need my keyboard.  It
understands voice input.  'Computer, new program.  File name
helloworld dot c.  Start of text.  Sharp include less than
stdio dot h greater than.  New line.  main open paren close
paren.  New line.  Open brace.  New line.  Indent printf
open paren double quote capitalized Hello capitalized World
exclamation double quote close paren semicolon.  New line. Close brace.  End of program.  Save file.  Compile
helloworld dot c.  link helloworld.  Run helloworld.  Look,
it runs."
(passes head-mounted display and microphone to narrator, who
puts it on.)
"Cool!  May I try one?"
"'Hello world!'  Hey; how come it says, 'halo wart'?  'This
is AI'  How come it says, 'tease East rayon?'  Why, it only
works for you.  It only recognizes autistic programmer voice
Dr. No
(The supervisor; he has no idea what his people are doing,
but gets a feeling of power by refusing all their requests,
even the most reasonable.)
The Cypherpunk
(He's sitting at his computer wearing combat fatigues, a
pistol, and ninja throwing stars)
"I write codes.  Nobody can break them"
"I used the Data Encryption Standard once."
"DES?  I can break DES with a pocket calculator!  I found
the backdoor NSA put into it."
"The National Security Agency?  The really secret one?"
"Yeah, or, 'No Such Agency', because for years they wouldn't
admit it existed.  At least that's what my buddy Osma says. I never know when he's kidding, though; he's such a clown."
"I used RSA once, too."
"RSA?  I can break 512-bit RSA keys with the code cracker in
my basement.  You feel safe when you see that little closed
lock icon in Netscape or Explorer, right?  SSL encryption. I can break that puny little 128-bit SSL with my eyes
closed.  I've been collecting credit card numbers from
Amazon for weeks.  See?  (he fans a huge stack of paper)  I
haven't used any of them, though.  I have plenty of money
from the code I sold my buddy Osma.  It's a really cool
code.  Much better than RSA.  Better than elliptic curve. Nobody can break it.  Osma loved it.  Get this; he put a
note on the check, 'I used this to order the World Trade
Center bombing.'  What a clown, that Osma."
"Osma?  You mean Osama?"
"Yeah, that's how he said it:  Osama Been Loadin or
"Holy shit!  You sold a code to Osama bin Laden?  We're
gonna get killed!"
(Agent  jumps out in shooter stance, pistol pointed at
"Freeze!  NSA!"
(Agents   etc., ditto)
"Freeze!  CIA!"  "Freeze!  FBI!"  "Freeze!  DEA!"  "Freeze! ATF!"  "Freeze!  ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOP!"
(The agents disarm and handcuff Cypherpunk)
Agent   "He's a terrorist!"
Agent   "He's not an American, he's a friggin Ayrab! I'll bet his skin is really brown!
(pulls out a handkerchief and scrubs Cypherpunk's face
Agent   "A sand nigger!"
(as they haul Cypherpunk away, he starts shouting)
"You can't stop me!  Information wants to be free!  The
unbreakable code function is modular exponent p over q to
the .."
(All the agents shoot Cypherpunk with their silenced
weapons, and the one with the handkerchief cleans up the
blood as they drag away his limp body.  Two other agents
take his computer.  The last agent addresses the horrified
software group, standing with their backs to the audience, )
"Let me show you something that will explain why this
happened.  Watch closely!"
(he holds up a camera and flashes it at the audience with
full _Men In Black_ schtick)
"You just had a layoff.  People received a generous
severance package, but they won't be back."
(he takes Cypherpunk's timecard from Dr. No and departs.)
Jason:  Oh look; a cool desk chair!
(trundles it off)
Dr. No:  Post-Its!
Take care!
Howie Goodell
