
@_date: 2002-07-27 10:27:20
@_author: Latin Grammy Nomination 
@_subject: FW: Check out this awesome CD 
EspañolPRESS RELEASE Contacto (Español): Gloria Alvarado
gloria at one-voice.com
Contact (English): Lynn McCain
McCain & Company
lynn at mccainpr.com ILEANA GARCES MAKES HISTORY
First Female Latin Vocalist's Debut to Receive Dove & Latin Grammy Nominations
Los Angeles, CA ­ One Voice Records Latin-pop recording artist Ileana Garces received her first Latin Grammy nomination today when The Latin Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences announced the nominees for the Third Annual Latin Grammy Awards. Today¹s nomination puts Garces in a class by herself as the first female vocalist to be nominated for both a Latin Grammy and a Dove Award for her debut project. The Spanish-language version of Garces¹ album El Amor Tiene Un Valor (Dare to Love), released simultaneously in English and Spanish, received a Latin Grammy nomination in the newly established Best Christian Album category. Garces has received amazing attention in both the CCM market and the Hispanic market since her album¹s 2001 release, garnering a performance on the Gospel Music Association¹s 2002 national Dove Awards telecast, as well as coverage in such respected publications as Billboard, CCM Magazine, Christian Retailing and CBA Marketplace. Garces has recently taped an upcoming television special for the La Familia Television Network and a television special for the Univision network¹s prestigious Primer Impacto.
The Latin Grammy Awards were established in 2000 to represent the continued growth and diversity of Latin music. This year, two new categories have been added ­Best Contemporary Tropical Album and Best Christian Album. Among those nominated for Best Christian Album, Garces is the not only the sole performer whose first album has been nominated for both a Latin Grammy and a Dove Award, but she is the only female solo artist and the only new artist in the group of nominees, which also includes Padre Marcelo Rossi (Paz- Ao Vivo), Roberto Orellana (Mi Nuevo Amor), Rabito (Viva La Vida) and 33DC (Ven, Es Tiempo de Adorarle). Earlier this year, Garces also received a nomination for Best International Artist in Brazil's Trofeu Talento Awards, up against such heavy hitters as Jaci Velasquez, Michael W. Smith and Hispanic hitmaker Marcos Witt.
"It's such an honor to be the first female artist to represent the Christian community in the Best Christian Album category of the Latin Grammys," says Garces. "I really feel like a winner by just being nominated. I never imagined that my first album would reap such an acknowledgment, which, in turn, I dedicate to my mother."
Ileana's mother, acclaimed Latin songwriter Mayda Garces, penned the lyrics to all of the songs on El Amor Tiene Un Valor (Dare to Love). Mayda Garces was diagnosed with breast cancer last year, and while she was battling for her life, Ileana's accomplishments brought moments of great joy to the family. They are overjoyed today, not only because of this important nomination, but also because Mayda Garces is now completely free from the cancer.
El Amor Tiene Un Valor (Dare to Love) is distributed by Provident Distribution in the U.S. and Latin Door Distribution to the Hispanic market.
Buy the CD
Visit Ileana's website-
