
@_date: 2013-09-07 19:58:50
@_author: Gregory Perry 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bruce Schneier has gotten seriously spooked 
I would submit that the exact inverse is the real target - endpoint devices.  There is simply too much volume of Internet traffic to realistically analyze and process, even with the next big datacenter in Utah and multi gigabit wire rate capable deep content inspection blades.  It's the endpoint devices that the FBI is after for targeted intrusions (for both domestic and foreign targets), and the NSA used to have a very legitimate charter with a culture dedicated to protecting U.S. communications at all costs.
For decades the FBI were literally the spies that couldn't shoot straight, as was evidenced by CALEA (lets put backdoors into every phone switch), and Comverse Infosys (then lets outsource all of our wiretap operations).  But even with all of those idiotic mistakes, the FBI got their amended FISA 2008 and the Patriot Acts passed which in effect repealed the Posse Comitatus Act and gave the FBI their political power play to gain control over all of the NSA's signals intelligence capabilities, for domestic spying and wiretapping here on U.S. soil without any judicial oversight whatsoever.
I would even wager that Herr Bob Mueller himself arranged this Snowden debacle with the Crown of England and his Chinese and Russian counterparts, to guarantee Snowden safe asylum once he absconded with the NSA crown jewels.  A simple reading of the international media chatter shows that the NSA (and the USA by proxy) are the bad guys now, with nary a mention of the FBI being involved at any level of this with their own domestic spying operation that is many orders of magnitude more powerful than anything the NSA and/or DoD had ever even dreamed of accomplishing with foreign signals intelligence gathering.
The cryptography mailing list
cryptography at metzdowd.com

@_date: 2013-09-07 21:14:47
@_author: Gregory Perry 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
Good theory only the CA industry tried very hard to deploy and was prevented from doing so because Randy Bush abused his position as DNSEXT chair to prevent modification of the spec to meet the deployment requirements in .com.
DNSSEC would have deployed in 2003 with the DNS ATLAS upgrade had the IETF followed the clear consensus of the DNSEXT working group and approved the OPT-IN proposal. The code was written and ready to deploy.
I told the IESG and the IAB that the VeriSign position was no bluff and that if OPT-IN did not get approved there would be no deployment in .com. A business is not going to spend $100million on deployment of a feature that has no proven market demand when the same job can be done for $5 million with only minor changes.
And this is exactly why there is no real security on the Internet.  Because the IETF and standards committees and working groups are all in reality political fiefdoms and technological monopolies aimed at lining the pockets of a select few companies deemed "worthy" of authenticating user documentation for purposes of establishing online credibility.
There is no reason for any of this, and I would once again cite to Bitcoin as an example of how an entire secure online currency standard can be created and maintained in a decentralized fashion without the need for complex hierarchies of quasi-political commercial interests.
Encrypting SMTP is trivial, it's all about the standard to make it happen.  Encrypting IPv6 was initially a mandatory part of the spec, but then it somehow became discretionary.  The nuts and bolts of strong crypto have been around for decades, but the IETF and related standards "powers to be" are more interested in creating a global police state than guaranteeing some semblance of confidential and privacy for Internet users.
The cryptography mailing list
cryptography at metzdowd.com
