
@_date: 2012-01-09 19:41:23
@_author: Griffin Boyce 
@_subject: [liberationtech] SOPA and DNS-level Censorship Circumvention 
Hey all,
  With the SOPA vote on the horizon, now seems to be a good time to talk
about censorship at the DNS level.
  Computers use Domain Name Servers to make the connection to websites.
These large servers act as online address books for websites, telling
computers where the site they want to visit is located.  So the flow is
typically *Website Address -> DNS Server -> Website's Host*. If SOPA
passes, sites alleged to be infringing copyright will be blocked from
visitors in the US: *Website Address -> US DNS Server -> Block Page*.
  You can customize which servers your computer uses to fetch addresses,
and bypass these types of blocks entirely. A good tutorial on how to do
that is here:  Though
keep in mind that the server addresses mentioned on that tutorial are
located in the United States.  So anyone looking to bypass
*American*censorship will need to use servers in an uncensored country
like Iceland
or Belgium.
  Another good option is using a browser plugin.  For FireFox, there are
two currently: Soapy and DeSopa.  DeSopa automatically fetches server
details for websites, but relies on a website that is likely to be blocked
once SOPA goes into effect. However, it does work until blocked. I made
Soapy with all of the rules it needs to function built into it. With Soapy,
every site that is enabled must have redirection rules created for it, but
it's also quite light (<50kb, each site is ~200bytes) and easily updated
with new sites.
DeSopa: Soapy:   These browser plugins are really quick hacks designed to get into
people's hands quickly. (And there aren't any for Chrome, Opera, Safari, or
IE yet).  There has to be a more elegant and robust solution that we can
create for people affected by this type of censorship -- not just in the
US, but around the world.  It's completely possible to run
censorship-resistant DNS servers in uncensored countries, but the critical
missing element is a highly usable piece of software that will adjust the
user's network settings without a major hassle.  DnsJumper might work, but
isn't open-source and users have to find unblocked servers to use.
  What do you all think about this?
All the best,
Griffin Boyce

@_date: 2013-08-23 13:51:09
@_author: Griffin Boyce 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Appearing American and VPNs writ large 
You're assuming that there's endpoint anonymity and that no one could
correlate you connecting to Server A and a piece of traffic coming from
Server A at the same time.
  At a basic level, this type of correlation is responsible for Jeremy
Hammond's arrest (his VPN disconnected from IRC right as he lost
internet -- deniability is useless here).  And any iOS device is likely
keeping track of your recent server connections.
  If I had a week, I couldn't list all the cases where someone mislaid
their trust in a service provider to protect them.
  Deniability is dead.  What Tor provides is unlinkability.

@_date: 2013-01-15 16:02:41
@_author: Griffin Boyce 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Fighting over-zealous investigators (Re: Petition 
There is also a petition to remove Assistant U.S. Attorney Steve Heymann
for his heavy-handed tactics.[1] In addition to Aaron Swartz, he also led
the case against Jonathan James, who tragically passed away at age 24. Two
weeks after his home was raided by Heymann's team.
  I know that there is insistence to not vilify these people, but they must
be shown that they are not above reproach. These tactics are not only
ineffective, they are designed precisely to make life harder for people.
Jonathan James proclaimed his innocence until the day he died, but was
denied his day in court because of harsh treatment and the history of
fiercely one-sided conspiracy cases.
  I am absolutely *sick* of seeing the best minds of my generation being
put through the spin cycle by overzealous investigators. And I am equally
sick of seeing the community shy away from them when that happens. When
AIDS activists go to jail, they organize from within.  When they get out of
jail, they are supported by friends and allies and are able to continue
their work.  This paranoia that pervades our community hinders people who
might want to organize effectively -- which is exactly the point. Do not
think for a moment that this is not intentional.
  Some of the most successful companies in America have been founded by
hackers, and yet the climate is such that legal activities like
cryptography, anonymity, or high-level computer science make people
nervous.  Why is that something we've been putting up with?
  So yes, sign these petitions, but also write letters in support of your
stance. Call people. Send faxes. Talk to the media. Hold vigils. Make
trouble. Do not let these people take away your rights of protest and
intellectual curiosity.
Stay safe out there,
Griffin Boyce
[1] Heymann petition:
