
@_date: 2002-06-06 19:21:04
@_author: IQ - GSL 
@_subject: Ground breaking post card creates annuity leads 
Generate your own leads using ground-breaking Roth conversion
postcards.	
  _____  Every senior wants to hear about the roth conversion if you can
eliminate the up front tax cost. You can with the new and improved roth
conversion program from GSL Advisory. The cheapest and most successful way to generate roth conversion program
leads is to send postcards while also placing an ad in the small local
paper. Repeat the ads and the postcard mailing at least 6 different
The one truth in advertising is that repetition works. Even the smallest
and most unassuming ad works if it is seen several times. See if you can
find an area that has its own zip code and a local paper serving that
area. Some retirement communities have both a newspaper and their own
zip code.
This is your gold mine.
To see the postcard and ad and to learn how to work the system, complete
the form below which will direct you to the post card and how to make it
work for you.
First Name:	  	 	
Last Name:	  	Note that when you press the "Send Information"
button the screen may not change, but we will still receive your
information and get back to you. Another way to order our sample
presentation is to visit our website at  .	 E-Mail:	  	
Phone	  	
These materials are for "agent use only." You should be a practicing,
licensed and appointed annuity agent.	 We don't want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to. This
is professional communication sent to insurance professionals. To be
removed from this mailing list, DO NOT REPLY to this message. Instead,
go here:   Legal Notice

@_date: 2002-05-23 17:23:17
@_author: Senior Selling 
@_subject: Roth conversions = jumbo annuity sales 
What good is a great concept (Roth conversion) without a turnkey system
to sell it?	
Introducing the Roth Conversion turnkey selling system
Our top producing roth conversion agent (sold 10 jumbo annuities, 200k
sales with 14%+ commissions) has shared with us his secrets of selling
the roth conversion concept. Per his input, we have created the roth
conversion "turnkey sales process".
The system includes client postcards, client brochures, a client
worksheet (perfect for introducing the roth conversion program), a full
marketing presentation, etc. If he can do it, so can you!
To join us for the brand new "sales presentation" teleconference, call
in Monday, Wednesday or Friday at 12:00 noon Pacific/3 p.m. Eastern at:
 702-579-4902
To find out more about the content of the call complete the form below
and you will be immediately directed to the "conference call" page. First Name:	  	 	
Last Name:	  	Note that when you press the "Send Information"
button the screen may not change, but we will still receive your
information and get back to you. Another way to order our sample
presentation is to visit our website at  .	 E-Mail:	  	
Phone	  	
 GSL Advisory
These materials are for "agent use only". You should be a practicing,
licensed and appointed annuity agent to order this information.
We don't want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to. This
is professional communication sent to insurance professionals. To be
removed from this mailing list, DO NOT REPLY to this message. Instead,
go here:   Legal Notice
