
@_date: 2007-03-24 09:36:20
@_author: Brett Grimes 
@_subject: SPAM:(L4) Make your fat friends envy you 
Anatrim – The up-to-the-moment and most fascinating product for corpulent people is made available now – As could be seen on CNN.
Can you recall all the cases when you plead to yourself to do any thing to get rid of this quickly growing number of kilos? Fortunately, now no major price is to be paid. Thanks to Anatrim, the ground-shaking kilos-melting blend, you can achieve healthier lifestyle and become really slimmer. Take a look at what our customers write!
"It’s quite difficult to admit it but I was exceedingly addicted to food. I ate all this garbige and just could not stop. This ruinous passion finished after I started course of taking Anatrim!  my inclination to eat constantly decreased, mood improved and I’m the happiest person in the world 18 pounds in 2.1 months. I can tell you now I became the happiest person on the planet!"
Amelia B., Washington
"I had weight problems since I was a boy. It’s pretty hard to imagine how I abhorred being ridiculed at school. I detested the weight and I detested even myself. After trying many different remedies I heard about Anatrim. This stuff literally pulled me out of this nightmare! The warmest thanks to you, guys."
Mikkey Fox, Boston
"Know what? Thanks to Anatrim my marriage was saved! I got into the circle, depression – more eating – even more depression. My wife was about to leave me as I was turning in overweight psycho. Once my friend showed me site and I ordered up my pack of Anatrim as soon as it was possible. The results were splendid, my appetite came to acceptable level, I was in good spirits oftener, and, be sure, I tightened my belt with no regrets. And you see, the sex became fantastic, too!"
 There are lots of gratitudes left by delighted people trying Anatrim. Don’t you wanna add yourself to the tens of thousands of slim clients and take this original appetite reducing power increasing product now!
Don’t decline the opportunity!
