
@_date: 1996-11-13 20:20:43
@_author: hallam at vesuvius.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: A Disservice to Mr. Bell 
Jim Bell writes
Think A bunch of self selected whackos running a kangeroo court does not mark a
return to "commonlaw courts". Such courts do not exist within the
of the United States. Unlike the UK the US has a written constitution, if
it isn't written down on paper then it does not exist. The structure of the
courts, the legislature and such was the principle task of the
that is why the bill of rights is a set of ammendments - they were an
I think the courts are worried the way a truck driver is worried about Its always the agent-provocateurs who are the loudest voices. If I was an
FBI agent looking to snare a few pillocks I would be trolling in cypherpunks with an AP like story. I would also be boasting about my
knowing about people in hiding...
If Bell and Thorn are Freeh's agents then would they kindly bugger off
and find another place to troll. Alternatively they could arrest each

@_date: 1996-11-14 08:40:29
@_author: hallam at vesuvius.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: A Disservice to Mr. Bell 
Since it accepts slavery in its original form the "intent" as you put
it is probably not acceptable to you. Unless of course you spend
your weekends with a pillowcase on your head.
Actually there was a long and protracted debate over whether or not to
include the bill of rights in the constitution. A constitution is simply
a description of the process and organisation of government, usually in
the broadest terms. The problem with the bill of rights at the time of
the discuissions was enforcement. The role of the supreme court as
arbiter of the constitution was not originally planned. If anyone had
predicted that such a role would emerge it would have been seen as undesirable since it would compromise the judicial/legislative Incidentally one of the original gripes of the revolution was the type of recourse to unwritten proceedure and laws that happened
in the colonial period. That is why there was a demand for a clear
statement of the constitutional arrangements. If jefferson and so wanted private kangeroo courts they would have written it down.

@_date: 1996-11-14 09:09:29
@_author: hallam at vesuvius.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: A Disservice to Mr. Bell 
Oh I forgot to mention, last week we found you guilty of sedition, it
was a pity you were not present to put your case but maybe if you had bothere to read the court roster you would have attended.
You are allowed to put your case in person at the sentencing hearings
if you like but since its a mandatory sentence you would probably
prefer an appeal.
Untrue, the US constitution replaced all previous constitutions. Thats
what the supremacy clause is all about. All previously existing courts
were extinguished.
It also includes a supremacy cluase and a "due process" clause. The
due process clause means amongst other things that noone can be subjected to proceedings that are not authorised under the constitution.
There is no logical reason why it should, if a state exists it has a process
of government, a boundary to its authority and performs legislative,
excutive and judicial functions. The explicit recognition of the states
was necessary since otherwise the supremacy clause would claim to extinguish
their rights. The authority of the states to make law is explicitly stated. It is also implicit in the use of the term "state" rather than It recognises the states, and thus their constitutions. If you can find a state which omitted a supremacy clause from its constitution then you
might have a point.
As a practical matter however the immediate effect of claiming to issue
proceedings under "common law courts" is from now on almost certain to be criminal and civil proceedings followed by long jail sentences.
While Jim Bell can pick nits and pretend that he is a lawyer the people
recognised as lawyers in our society act in a different matter. It is an empirical fact that those convicted in federal and state courts
go to jail, those convicted in "common law kangeroo courts do not". In
fact the only people who do are the judges, jurors and other It is an empirical fact that the authority of "common law" courts is not recognised by society. They can be dealt with easily enough,
the intended victim need only apply to a real court for an injuction
prohibiting proceedings, turn up to the "court" to serve the injunction
and if people insist on proceeding apply to the real court for enforcement of the original order since anyone participating in the "common law court" would then be in contempt.

@_date: 1996-11-14 19:57:08
@_author: hallam at vesuvius.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: A Disservice to Mr. Bell 
As a matter of fact the montana fruitcakes were principally into racial bigotry. If you care to read the documents they filed you would
know that.
I admit no such thing if you could understand logic you would
realize that. There were pre-existing courts, those of King George.
They were extingished. Had common law courts existed (they did not
but for the sake of arguement I am indulging you in your fantasy) they would exist no longer.

@_date: 1996-11-14 22:38:32
@_author: hallam at vesuvius.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: A Disservice to Mr. Bell 
Jim appears to be arguing that the "common law" courts heis refering
to had judges appointed by the King. If so the right to appoint
judges to those posts passed to the US government under the treaty
of Paris. The Common Law in the UK was the kings law since the Norman conquest.
It is as any schoolboy knows judge made law. The doctrine of precedent
has become more and more prominent since the renaisance though, effectively
preventing judicial lawmaking except in areas where no law is believed
to exist.
As a system of government I don't think very much of the idea of a bunch of klansmen getting together to decide who they dislike. Sounds
much more like a lynch mob than a system of government to me. Since Browne couldn't even manage fourth place, despite the attentions
of the net it doesn't look as if the US people are particularly inclined to the libertarian view. Nader managed a vote about 20%
higher despite only running in a handful of states while Browne was
on the ballot in every state. Contrary to Bellsclaim that the state
is being challenged by libertarian and millitia ideas it looks to
me that the tide is flowing in the opposite direction if its flowing
at all.

@_date: 1996-11-15 09:14:48
@_author: hallam at vesuvius.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: A Disservice to Mr. Bell 
Untrue, Ross Perot managed it and gained ten times the votes.
Also the natural law party managed it, a fact which kida points
to the significance of the achievement. Also untrue, the Reform party is a considerably more significant force.

@_date: 1996-11-15 15:01:24
@_author: hallam at vesuvius.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: New Cryptography Regulations 
The changes themselves are pretty technical
 1996/11/1996-11-15-exec-order-on-crypto-export-controls-administration.text
 1996/11/1996-11-15-president-letter-on-change-in-crypto-export-control.text
The main change is that from now on the decisions are to be made by the department of commerce and not by the department of state.
This is probably good news since the commerce department has the
interests of industry as its primary mission.
There is a third document I believe but its not yet been issued.

@_date: 1996-11-17 12:43:29
@_author: hallam at vesuvius.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: A Disservice to Mr. Bell 
Petro is right to point out that third largest party does
not mean being the third most influential. But by any standards
Perot is much more influential than an Libertarian candidate.
Perot has managed to get his views onto the national agenda.,
Browne has not.  The only mainstream party to have been in
any measure influenced by libertarian ideas is the Republicans
who are also the party of extreeme social authoritarianism,
even if they don't believe in it they have to fawn on Pat
Robertson's Christian Coalition to get through the primaries.
As for what happens in 2000 it does not appear that the
Republicans will have extricated itself from the religious
right's grip. This will probaly mean that they end up putting
up another compromise candidate like Dole. With Clinton sitting
so far to the right its very difficult for the Republicans
to find any response.
Unless something happens to change things I don't see any
likelyhood of change the next time round. The only factor
likely to change anything would be for Congress to take
campaign finance reform seriously. I doubt that that is going to happen because the last Congress sold favours more openly
than any since 1876. During the Communications Decency Act
politicing I was somewhat suprised to find out the cost
of the lobbying effort, after all it shouldn't take more than a few plane tickets to send the right people down to DC. Then
I found out that the main cost was buying into the committee
system to get a hearing. I'm not saying that one side or
the other is worse but the tone of the Congress was pretty much
set by Newt Gingrtich accepting an inaugural bribe of a couple
of million from Murdoch, alledged advance payment for a book
that was pulped.
There are good reasons why the rest of the world tends to
turn off when told about America as the "home of Democracy".

@_date: 1996-09-19 08:43:24
@_author: hallam at vesuvius.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Spam blacklist project 
Not impressed by their setup, there does not seem to be any checking
to see if the mail address is correct (ie to checlk for a denial of
service attack) and the setup requires distributors to submit their
list for "washing". That type of setup may be OK for the bush league
but its hardly cypherpunk type stuff. Its fairly easy to set up a scheme
in which the blacklist can be distributed with no risk to the subscribers. Simply use a SHA digests and so on.
I hadn't checked on Yahoo, I tend to use Alta-Vista having found Yahoo somewhat arbitary in category definition.
PS Sites that use red text on a white background ... ugh!!!

@_date: 1996-09-22 04:18:56
@_author: hallam at vesuvius.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Kiddie porn on the Internet 
[AP drivel deleted]
Go talk to someone who is a member of an organisation like the PLO or
Hammas and pretty near the top. If you think that they would be intimidated
for a moment by AP you have another think comming.
If it could the US would have assasinated Saddam by now. It can't because it
is too difficult to find out where exactly a person will be. Assasination
attempts against Castro similarly failed. If you care to look at the history of Cambodia you will see that Lon Nol
assumed the presidency despite the knowledge that there was practically no ch
chance of defeating the Khumer Rouge and that he would almost certainly be dead
in less than a week as a result. Both the assumption AP rests on are utterly false. It is neither possible
to assasinate people at will nor will it intimidate. In addition *ANYONE* who attempted to implement AP would be someone *I*
would regard as a tyrant and therefore a legitimate target by the rules
of AP. I would naturally consider it permissable to engage the support of others in their suppression. Since we now live in the fantasy land of AP
I can now wipe out anyone anywhere so I eliminate all AP leaders.
I think that this type of talk is incredibly dangerous. There are plenty of
people on the net who are psychos and if you spread AP drivel arround someone
is going to act on it. Probably not Jim Bell, more likely a psychopath who
lurks on the list but does not post. If you call for people to be murdered - and let us not forget that this is
what AP is about you bear the responsibility when someone acts on it.
I consider AP to be very close to calling for the assasination of the President of the USA. That is a federal crime and there is a law that requires the investigation of any such threats. I suggest that people
think *very* carefully before engaging in this dangerous nonsense any
further. PS it is not censorship to stop people from advocating murder.

@_date: 1996-09-23 03:45:20
@_author: hallam at vesuvius.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: AP [was: Re: Kiddie porn on the Internet] [NOISE] 
I agree with Bill, AP sounds like a very good club for the Exon types
to beat us with. Jim's latest comments sounded no different to me than the mealy mouthed
"understanding" messages that Sinn Fein publish about the IRA. Given
the opportunity to condem any attack on the President under AP rules
we get a non commital non-condemnation. Its the type of thing that Gerry
Adams says after his men have just killed two kids with a bomb in a litterbin
outside a MacDonalds.
Ideology is a powerful political weapon. It simplifies complex political
issues and generates momentum allowing political change. Unfortunately
it also creates bad government as ideology persued for the sake of ideology.
Ideology does not debate, it acts. When Marxism was created in the latter half of the 19th century it had
many usefull effects. In particular it definitely assisted the transition from monarchy to democracy by creating a widespread belief that the
existing situation was unstable. By the end of the first world war however
this energy had largely served whatever purpose it would, at least in
Europe if not in other parts of the world. Unfortunately a very large number
of people had failed to realise that it was an ideology whose time had come
and gone. The industrial and political situation it addressed no longer
existed. The major left wing movements by that time were socialism and
liberalism, both of which rejected the Marxist extreeme. As the Marxist idealogues got frustrated by their evident lack of progress
they turned to terrorism. The Bader Minehof gang believed that they could spark the revolution by jolting society out of its complacency. Their
strategy was remarkably like AP. If the heads of large corporations were
likely to be assasinated then noone would want to lead a large firm. In
fact as any person with counter terrorism experience will tell you the
threat of death is remarkably ineffective as a means of intimidation. It
creates the opposite effect, strengthening the resolve of the target. I
discussed this point recently with someone close to Mossad who agreed.
Terrorism is becomming an increasing concern. The amount of damage an individual can cause is much greater than that possible in the past. There
are plenty of exhausted ideologies about which can be fashioned into
a justification of murder. Jim's post shows very clearly how Libertarianism
can be converted into a justification for terrorism. Its a very short gap
between being opposed to government and actively fighting against it. I see libertarianism as the exhausted remnant of the mercantilism of the 1980s. As constructed it recognises only those rights which favour the
privileged in society and none of those which benefit the ecconomically disadvantaged. Politically it reached its peak influence almost a decade
ago when Regan and Thatcher were at their zenith. The '94 congress will probably be seen as the turning point in the political tide with the mainstream
of politics moving back to the left again. There will always be people arround
who conclude that the failure was not being close enough to the ideology.
If the libertarians are not carefull they will be inexorably linked in the public mind with the terrorists who act in their name.

@_date: 1996-09-24 10:39:05
@_author: hallam at vesuvius.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: AP [was: Re: Kiddie porn on the Internet] [NOISE] 
So Jim Bell is opposed to "truly random attacks on ordinary citizens"
Its this type ofappoligia for terrorism that disgusts me utterly.
He is calling for murder but wants to dress it up in whatever psychotic
justifications he can.
He is also completely wrong. When the IRA attemoted to assasinate my cousin
I was in no way intimidated and neither was he. He continued as a senior
poitician for over a decade despite continued danger. I can think of no
less effective method of bringing about change in attitudes.
I am in no way intimidated by Bell either. He is a kook and I don;t think it
he is worth further consideration.

@_date: 1996-09-24 17:35:14
@_author: hallam at vesuvius.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: AP [was: Re: Kiddie porn on the Internet] [NOISE] 
do not consider that to contradict my belief that there should be a
united, autonamous Ireland. I do not believe that the "loyalists" are
in fact loyal to the British way of life, any more than the KKK are
representative of the US south.
reason. People like Jim want to impose their will on others by force.
Despite prolonged attempts by each faction to assasinate the leaders of
the other they have been unsuccessful. If terrorists trained by Lybia
and Syria are unable to assasinate at will then we can be sure thaqt Jim's
band of kooks is not going to get any further.
Union has not ended the situation the complete lack of government
will not either. ideas as cause for another cyber-scare. I suspect this is because people
like Markof are somewhat more responsible. This is not going to stop me
from producing an op-ed piece linkiing the net libertarians to assasination
politics unless I hear a few more repudiations of Bell's ideas. If you
don't very clearly reject his murderous ideas you are going to regret it
just as the left regreted having the USSR or the RAF associated with them.
