
@_date: 2013-10-09 08:44:05
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Iran and murder 
I said the same thing in the launch issue of cyber-defense. Unfortunately
the editor took it into his head to conflate inventing the HTTP referer
field etc. with rather more and so I can't point people at the article as
they refuse to correct it.
I see cyber-sabotage as being similar to use of chemical or biological
weapons: It is going to be banned because the military consequences fall
far short of being decisive, are unpredictable and the barriers to entry
are low.
STUXNET has been relaunched with different payloads countless times. So we
are throwing stones the other side can throw back with greater force.
We have a big problem in crypto because we cannot now be sure that the help
received from the US government in the past has been well intentioned or
not. And so a great deal of time is being wasted right now (though we will
waste orders of magnitude more of their time).
At the moment we have a bunch of generals and contractors telling us that
we must spend billions on the ability to attack China's power system in
case they attack ours. If we accept that project then we can't share
technology that might help them defend their power system which cripples
our ability to defend our own.
So a purely hypothetical attack promoted for the personal enrichment of a
few makes us less secure, not safer. And the power systems are open to
attack by sufficiently motivated individuals.
The sophistication of STUXNET lay in its ability to discriminate the
intended target from others. The opponents we face simply don't care about
collateral damage. So  I am not impressed by people boasting about the
ability of some country (not an ally of my country BTW) to perform targeted
murder overlooks the fact that they can and likely will retaliate with
indiscriminate murder in return.
I bet people are less fond of drones when they start to realize other
countries have them as well.
Lets just stick to defense and make the NATO civilian infrastructure secure
against cyber attack regardless of what making that technology public might
do for what some people insist we should consider enemies.

@_date: 2013-09-05 16:33:58
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
• The NSA spends $250m a year on a program which, among other goals, works
with technology companies to "covertly influence" their product designs.
I believe this confirms my theory that the NSA has plants in the IETF to
discourage moves to strong crypto.

@_date: 2013-09-05 16:58:07
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
Or they contacted the NSA alumni working in the industry.
I think it is subtler that that. Trying to block a strong cipher is too
obvious. Much better to push for something that is overly complicated or
too difficult for end users to make use of.
* The bizare complexity of IPSEC.
* Allowing deployment of DNSSEC to be blocked in 2002 by blocking a
technical change that made it possible to deploy in .com.
* Proposals to deploy security policy information (always send me data
encrypted) have been consistently filibustered by people making nonsensical
3) I would not be surprised if random number generator problems in a
Agreed, the PRNG is the easiest thing to futz with.
It would not surprise me if we discovered kleptography at work as well.
I think the thing that discouraged all that was the decision to make end
user certificates hard to obtain (still no automatic spec) and expire after
a year.

@_date: 2013-09-07 16:20:18
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
Before you make silly accusations go read the VeriSign Certificate
Practices Statement and then work out how many people it takes to gain
access to one of the roots.
The Key Ceremonies are all videotaped from start to finish and the auditors
have reviewed at least some of the ceremonies. So while it is not beyond
the realms of possibility that such a large number of people were suborned,
I think it drastically unlikely.
Add to which Jim Bizdos is not exactly known for being well disposed to the
NSA or key escrow.
Hacking CAs is a poor approach because it is a very visible attack.
Certificate Transparency is merely automating and generalizing controls
that already exist.
But we can certainly add them to S/MIME, why not.

@_date: 2013-09-08 13:53:49
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Points of compromise 
I was asked to provide a list of potential points of compromise by a
concerned party. I list the following so far as possible/likely:
1) Certificate Authorities
Traditionally the major concern (perhaps to the point of distraction from
other more serious ones). Main caveat, CA compromises leave permanent
visible traces as recent experience shows and there are many eyes looking.
Even if Google was compromised I can't believe Ben Laurie and Adam Langley
are proposing CT in bad faith.
2) Covert channel in Cryptographic accelerator hardware.
It is possible that cryptographic accelerators have covert channels leaking
the private key through TLS (packet alignment, field ordering, timing,
etc.) or in key generation (kleptography of the RSA modulus a la Motti
3) Cryptanalytic attack on one or more symmetric algorithms.
I can well believe that RC4 is bust and that there is enough RC4 activity
going on to make cryptanalysis worth while. The idea that AES is
compromised seems very less likely to me.
4) Protocol vulnerability introduced intentionally through IETF
I find this rather unlikely to be a direct action since there are few
places where the spec could be changed to advantage an attacker and only
the editors would have the control necessary to introduce text and there
are many eyes.
5) Protocol vulnerability that IETF might have fixed but was discouraged
from fixing.
Oh more times than I can count. And I would not discount the possibility
that there would be strategies based exploiting on the natural suspicion
surrounding security matters. It would have been easy for a faction to
derail DNSSEC by feeding the WG chair's existing hostility to CAs telling
him to stand firm.
One concern here is that this will fuel the attempt to bring IETF under
control of the ITU and Russia, China, etc.

@_date: 2013-09-11 12:11:52
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Defenses against pervasive versus targeted intercept 
I have spent most of yesterday writing up much of the traffic on the list
so far in the form of an Internet Draft.
I am now at the section on controls and it occurs to me that the controls
relevant to preventing PRISM-like pervasive intercept capabilities are not
necessarily restricted to controls that protect against targeted intercept.
The problem I have with PRISM is that it is a group of people whose
politics I probably find repellent performing a dragnet search that may
later be used for McCarthyite/Hooverite inquisitions. So I am much more
concerned about the pervasive part than the ability to perform targeted
attacks on a few individuals who have come to notice. If the NSA wanted my
help intercepting Al Zawahiri's private emails then sign me up. My problem
is that they are intercepting far too much an lying about what they are
Let us imagine for the sake of argument that the NSA has cracked 1024 bit
RSA using some behemoth computer at a cost of roughly $1 million per key
and taking a day to do so. Given such a capability it would be logical for
them to attack high traffic/high priority 1024 bit keys. I have not looked
into the dates when the 2048 bit roll out began (seems to me we have been
talking about it ten years) but that might be consistent with that 2010
If people are using plain TLS without perfect forward secrecy, that crack
gives the NSA access to potentially millions of messages an hour. If the
web browsers are all using PFS then the best they can do is one message a
PFS provides security even when the public keys used in the conversation
are compromised before the conversation takes place. It does not prevent
attack but it reduces the capacity of the attacker.
Similar arguments can be made for other less-than-perfect key exchange
schemes. It is not necessary for a key exchange scheme to be absolutely
secure against all possible attack for it to be considered PRISM-Proof.
So the key distribution scheme I am looking at does have potential points
of compromise because I want it to be something millions could use rather
than just a few thousand geeks who will install but never use. But the
objective is to make those points of compromise uneconomic to exploit on
the scale of PRISM.
The NSA should have accepted court oversight of their activities. If they
had strictly limited their use of the cryptanalytic capabilities then the
existence would not have been known to low level grunts like Snowden and we
probably would not have found out.
Use of techniques like PFS restores balance.
