
@_date: 1996-08-03 13:20:01
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: VISA Travel Money 
I don't think that VISA travel money will be a major product
for VISA. When I spoke with Azbo about it it was not a major strategic direction for them.  He described its use by First Bank of Internet (later first Branch of Internet).  I think that
VISA would LIKE to provide the Ability for travel money, to function as a debit card, but it would then be very close to their existing product of secured payment cards.There are good reasons why aproduct that allows you to draw a specific amount of cash out of ATM's is a good idea for VISA and useful for a small number of customers, but I think you're reading way to much into this.  Much more interesting are proposals
by the Federal reserve Board, to exempt from regulation E certain types of stored value card provided they store no more than $100.  While $500 would
seem to me to be a more serious and sensible level while still not having
particular money laundering advantage (5 $100 bills is smaller than one smart card) it is at least a start.
PS Be willing to bet donuts provided he can suggest a way of delivering them via internet.

@_date: 1996-08-06 06:24:53
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Public report of the EU crack. 
AMERICAN intelligence agents have hacked into
the computers of the European parliament and
European commission as part of an international
espionage campaign aimed at stealing economic and
political secrets, according to investigators, write
Tim Kelsey and David Leppard. The European parliament has called in British
communications experts to improve its security and
to block further attempts by American govern ment
agents to spy on its workings. Security officials at the parliament's Luxembourg
offices say they have discovered several recent
instances in which its communications system was
compromised by American hacking. They have also
found evidence that the Americans used information
obtained from hacking to help them in negotiations
last year on the General Agreement on Tariffs and
Trade (Gatt). Lord Plumb, leader of the British Tory MEPs in the
European parliament, said he was shocked by the
disclosure. "I will be taking this up directly with the
American ambassador [to the European Union]," he
said. The CIA has already been accused by the Japanese
and French governments of hacking into their
communications networks in an attempt to obtain
confidential trade secrets. The European parliament's computer network links
more than 5,000 MEPs, officials, researchers and
other staff to each other, and to the European
commission headquarters in Brussels and the council
of ministers. Traffic across the network by telephone and
computers includes details of the private medical
and financial records of many MEPs and officials,
and discussion documents on confidential issues,
including trade, tariff and quota agreements. The
records of closed committees of inquiry into BSE
and fraud are also stored on the system. European parliament sources say the Americans
accessed the network by compromising the
information exchanges that link the parliament's
internal networks with the Internet and external
users. The devices, called "routers", filter entry to the
European parliament's network. It is understood the
Americans were able to obtain access to what is
called the simple network management protocol
(SNMP), the language that enables the networks to
talk to each other. They were able to exploit the fact
that parts of the system were manufactured by two
American firms. The breach came to light when officials believed
that American negotiators had been given advance
warning of confidential European Union positions
in last year's trade negotiations. "It was established
that the system had been penetrated just days before
the talks," an EU source said. "Our principal
concern is not to establish what has already been
copied but to ensure that it does not happen again.
This is an on-going problem." A spokeswoman for Antonio Cavaco, director of
data processing at the commission, confirmed that
allegations of hacking had been investigated.
However, she said she was unable to provide any
details. I consider the political dimension of this affair to be more significant that the technical. This brings the
US and the French into the same category of anti-crypto
government with a habit of poking its nose into other
people business and getting caught.

@_date: 1996-08-06 08:18:25
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Stop the presses -- Anti-terrorism bill not that bad 
The shells are removed sometime or other. Nothing is a 100% solution
but anything that gives the criminal an extra thing to worry about improves the chances that a mistake is made.
Many people go to jail because of fingerprints on shell cases.
I doubt that more than 32 bits of info will be required. Thats not that difficult to imprint.
Not a problem, that type of machinery is a standard type of industrial machine. Might be expensive to adapt the lines but I doubt it.
Not an issue. A person may have an excuse that explains why
the blood is in his car or his fingerprints are on the knife but
a conviction depends on more than one piece of evidence. If there is information that gives the police a lead it is At present the police are investigating the purchase of white powder - checking each purchaser out who fits the Olympic
bomber profile. That is a lot of work for a much weaker lead.
If a person says that they fired at a range then you have narrowed the search scope to the guys at the range.
Not a problem, thats an opportunity. I build very large, very
high reliability computer systems. I can build machines that
deal with several million transactions a day for less than a million and run them for less than a quarter million a year. That
is cheap when one considers the cost of investigation saved.
Making that argument defeats your case. Irespective of the framers
of the constitution nobody in Congress or the Administration believes
that you have a right to take up arms against the government. In
fact they are scared of the militia movement and the NRA. Every time
you make that argument you make it harder for people to accept your
case. Its like hearing a Marxist spout stuff from Capital to support a
civil liberties. Regardless of wether the content makes sense the
form of the argument is a complete turn off. I used to side with HCI before I started talking to the talk.politics.guns people. That convinced me that they were a threat
to the security of the country - even before McVeigh sent me a
mail defending his 2nd ammendment rights that looked very much like yours. Regardless of whether he is guilty or not I
still regard him and those that hold his views to be as serious a threat to the USA as the Red Army Faction were in
Germany, or the Red Brigades in Italy or the IRA in the UK.
If people carelessly justify terrorism they are fueling that
fire. Up until now the US has not had a serious terrorist problem. If terrorism becomes widespread then don't imagine
the constitution will be a protection. Thomas and Reinquist are not going to stop measures to "protect the nation" even
if like the WWII internement of Japaneese nationals they are in
gross violation of the constitution. If you think the wiretap bill is bad think on this, all guns
of all types banned except where held by special license.
Checkpoints at major road intersections. Stop and search
patrols in city centers and the army on the street. Its not
at all far fetched, the UKgovt took less than a year to introduce such measures in Northern Ireland. Constitution or
not, don't expect that the US Congress won't make a similar

@_date: 1996-08-06 15:51:45
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Stop the presses -- Anti-terrorism bill not that bad 
Contrary to reports of some sort of inversion it is not the case that
shell cases need to be found at the scene of a crime to cause an
arrest and conviction. There are many people who are serving time
after having left their fingerprints on shell cases found in a gun
recovered after a crime. If the gun can be linked to a crime scene
via balistics reports and the shells in the gun to an individual via
fingerprints that is circumstansial evidence.
Of course nobody gets sent to jail on a single piece of questionable
evidence (at least if they have a decent lawyer). But a weak piece
of evidence is sufficient to lead to a conviction if it is a lead.
Anything that reduces the search space for an investigating team
is an advantage for the police.

@_date: 1996-08-07 16:07:58
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Stop the presses -- Anti-terrorism bill not that bad 
I was rather more angry that Alan published a private correspondence
on a public mailing list. I live in the same city as between twenty
and thirty members of a group that have in the past tried to murder my
familly. If he wasn;t such a fool he would have realised that I deliberately
did not post the message to the list.

@_date: 1996-08-07 17:08:21
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Stop the presses -- Anti-terrorism bill not that bad 
Au contraire, the UK is as obnoxious in exporting its laws as the
US. The Prime Minister of Greece when (accurately) accused of corruption
in the Greek press sued them in the UK courts and won $200K
In recent years many Tory Grandees have benefited from the libel
lottery. Amongst them Lord Aldington who was accused of being involved
in war crimes during WWII and 'won" 1.75 million which the European
Court of Human rights rejected as being "disproportionate". Lord
Archer recently won $1 million after a couple of newspapers alledged
that he might have been sleeping with the prostitute he was photographed
giving 5000GBP to (and afterwards claimed not to have met).
With the exception of the suicide act its probabky the stupidest and
most damaging law that ever got passed in the English system.

@_date: 1996-08-07 18:18:21
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: [NOISE] Stop the presses -- Anti-terrorism bill not that bad 
Actually I'm now happy to accept the bet but in the forum of my choice:-

@_date: 1996-08-07 22:26:20
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Stop the presses -- Anti-terrorism bill not that bad 
In the first place cypherpunks is distributed in the UK. That
means I can issue a writ in the UK.  Secondly I deny Alan's claim
that I have contravened the US imigration laws. Since I am not
a public figure the burden of proof is upon Alan to prove his
I know an awful lot about the US libel laws after having spent
time assisting in a complicated criminal investigation during
which such a claim was made. As for the UK laws, there is practically no defense against a libel claim that one can
file in court. There is absolutely no basis on which to justify them. This is why the Singapore government uses them
as a form of censorship.

@_date: 1996-07-06 08:05:24
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Noise: Re: Those Evil Republicans 
A parasite is omething that lives off a host to its detriment. It is
easy for a small island nation to be parasitic off larger ones. The
problem for the USA, UK, Germany etc is that there are no larger nations for them to be parasites of, nor are their native peoples to steal land from or colonies to exploit. In short someone, somewhere
has to do some work.
Actually I discounted both as models. I don't consider the ecconomy of a country of less than a million to be particularly informative in considering the ecconomies of countries of fifty or a thousand times that
number for the reasons advanced above.
I'm very skeptical about any idea that is referred to as a "law". The
experience of science is that natural laws are no more constant than
human ones. In the social sciences such terms tend to indicate no more
than the existence of physics envy.
The greatest danger is when the title "law" causes the importance of
an effect to be mistaken. Just because an effect can be observed and explained does not mean that it is the only effect. To call something
a "law" is almost guaranteed to lead to biased analysis. Goodhearts theorem is overbroad as stated. The banking industry will clearly attempt to move to the most beneficial channels. That does
not necessarily mean unregulated. A banker's main product is trust.
The fact that a bank is regulated by government increases consumer
confidence and trust. If I place my money in Midland bank UK I know
that those deposits are guaranteed by the government of the UK. Even
if the bank itself becomes illiquid I can recover my money. The cost
of this security is regulation which I am as a customer happy to take
the benefit of.
The fact that a proportion of money is diverted through tax havens
does not imply that all money will be so diverted. The major banking
centers of the world continue to be London, Geneva, New York and Tokyo, all of which are heavilly regulated.
The final factor you exclude is that of ecconomic imperialism. Small
countries don't have unlimited opportunities to exercise their
sovereignty as the govt. of Panama discovered. While a country has
the theoretical right to become a drug trafficing haven it faces the
risk of sanctions ranging from ecconomic pressure to invasion and occupation. Similarly the Swiss govt no longer offers the same
anonymity it once did.

@_date: 1996-07-23 03:48:22
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
Nope, that wasn't me who said that. I don't normally quote the words of slave owners on the subject of liberty.

@_date: 1996-07-23 04:15:51
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Noise: Re: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
I find your argument only moderately less convincing than the average
political campaign ad.
Given Limbaugh's propensity for telling blatant fibs I don't credit anything
he says as being likely to bear any relation to the truth, particularly
when it would mean admitting failure and retreat.
Syndication is highly profitable for many, if its profitable to syndicate
drama with its astronomic production costs it is profitable to syndicate
Rush with his astronomic weight. Its called failure and spin control. Rush has not announced a new TV show,
he has closed his only TV show. He has closed after his audience declined
and his contracts expired. That is the business decision of the local
stations who don;t see Rush as profitable business anymore and advertisers
who don't want to see their products associated with appologists for
the Oaklahoma bomb.
I know that facism has an appeal for many people but that does not mean
that they are not a minority. And I am not using the words Facism as a
casual insult but as an accurate description of a movement which is in
large part a vehicle for racism and has already caused 200 plus murders
at OKC. Every time an extreeme idological faction of the left or the right gains
power there are splinter groups from that side claiming that the failure
of the policies is due to them not being compromised and insufficiently ideal. Since right wing idealogues have been dominant in the US for some time it is the right wing extreemists who are to the fore.

@_date: 1996-07-23 09:35:04
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
No, the argument is over whether a person should live by the ideals he
preaches. I have more respect fot the likes of Kant and Russell who made
rather more of an effort than Jefferson.
The observation that history is made by rich people and written by rich people is not a new one. Until this century there were few countries
where politics were open to anyone but the very wealthy. In the USA
that is still by and large the case.
Rather than attempting to excuse Jefferson it would be better to
accept that not everything he said was valid when he said it and
to try to engage ones brain rather than using his words as slogans.
Since they are denied the "right" to live in Libertopia they have
no choice but to live in the real world. That doesn't make them
hypocrites. They are not directly contradicting their principles.
On the other hand there are plenty of "free-market" economists
who live entirely on grant money from the public purse and plenty
of those "libertarians" will be accepting government assisted
funding through college or would do so if it was available.
Yes, but how can a Randite libertarian do so in good faith? For such
people there is no greater good, it is all the self.

@_date: 1996-07-23 09:46:16
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
I don't normally quote Ted Kennedy on anything. You can add "appologist for terrorism" to that list if you like. On the other hand did you see the alternative that was offered????
US politics frequently gives one a choice between two people who individually would be unacceptable but together are acceptable
only because the other is even worse.
When Weld beat Silbur a large number of Mass Liberals voted
for the republican Weld as the more left wing of the pair. The
Presidential race is hardly enthralling with a choice between
a Democrat so right wing hes prepared to sign a Republican welfare bill and a septugenarian Republican who can barely string together enough words to make a sentence.
Oh and to complete the picture, we have a collection of assorted fruitcakes which make Dan Quaylee look apealing.

@_date: 1996-07-23 11:15:13
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
Actually I have been very active in circles like Liberty (the UK version
of the ACLU). Its just that we have entirely different ideas of what liberty is. Perry believes that libery is license and I believe in the utilitarian
formulation of Liberty as advanced by Mill, Russell et al.
Nope, ad-hominen is a perfectly acceptable form of attack when calling
into question a speaker's credentials. The words are used because they
were Jefferson's and because he is held up as a supporter of liberty.
Pointing out that the words are the cant of a hypocrite is entirely
Notwithstanding entailment clauses, Jefferson was under no compunction to
exploit his slaves by exploiting their labour. He could have paid them competative wages and allowed them to chose to work for others. In short
he could in effect have freed them. Of course then he would not have had the financial means to live as a member of the privileged classes. Genuine philosophers have made such sacrifices. Russell gave away his inheritance after completing Principia because he objected to the idea
of inherited wealth. Of course if Perry was interested in genuine liberty instead of a slave
owner's idea of liberty - liberty to exploit others he would see the contradiciton in his rhetoric.

@_date: 1996-07-23 14:36:26
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
Having spent the weekend with Alker I'm hardly going to argue.
That is one effect, but not the only effect. Depending upon what the conditions you set up arround the problem you can change
the outcome. What are the risks of fighting for example? Evolution
does not uniformly favour hawks, in terms of numbers the doves Ah yes, and since iterated prisoner's dilema games are as
computationaly complex as the Mandelbrot set (the generator of the
Mandelbrot is in fact simpler), presumably you can calculate the
Mandelbrot set in half your brain Perry?
If it was "plumb obvious" it wouldn't take MIT profs to work
it out Perry. The world is far more complex than your simplistic
notions make out. Just because you can identify ONE effect does
not mean that you have identified ALL effects or even that you
have identified the dominant one. Your analyses are almost always junk because you only analyse one
side of the argument and deny that there is another side. You are
great at preaching to the choir Perry, problem is that you don't
convert anyone who isn't already converted.

@_date: 1996-07-23 16:32:17
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: NOISE: Re: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
O.K. lets see if we brits were to offer you yankees the Windsors,
plus an assortment of flunkies, corgies and stuff are you so sure that
your people would reject it? After all someone sold you a bridge so
it's not that implausible.
Given the way your press goes nuts over big ears and his ex wife
(aka familly brood unit) it is clear that you would jump at the chance if the price was sufficiently high (i.e. is the Brits asked for enough money).
Actually Lord Mountbatten was not a prince of the UK, he was a prince
of the Greek royal family and his name was not Charles. The Prince
of Wales is Charles Windsor an he comes from a distinguished line of
Germans. If you wish to insult our royal familly please learn how to do it _right_. You could refer to Charlie's wish to be reincarnated as a
tampon used by Camilla Parker-Bowles or his famous debate with a
house plant.
Which brings us to the point, the choice between the babe who
happens to be neurotic or the woman with a face like a horse?
People in those circles start riding horses at the age of four and so they probably don't look too bad to them. Besides, the
favourite position of the house of Windsor is the bucking bronco.

@_date: 1996-07-23 16:45:23
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
Russell was a very eloquent opponent of the death penalty and in
any case it was never in particularly widespread use in the UK
during his lifetime. It is somewhat pointless to argue that his later opposition  to nuclear weapons was motivated by affinity for the Soviet Union Russell was a convinced Pacifist before the Soviet Union came into existence, going to jail because of his beliefs. I don't know quite why you seem to have picked up the idea that he
was some kind of Stalin appologist, he wasn't even a Marxist. Russell
was far too intelligent to be taken in by the communists, he didn't
waste many words on them but those he did were generally uncomplimentary. He was very contemptuous of Wittgenstein's brief attempt to become a Soviet pessant.
Its an odd kind of world view you have in which anyone who does
not agree with your views must be a communist sympathiser. Its
not even the case that the left were uniformly sympathetic to
communism as the example of George Orwell makes very clear. The
vocabulary of the cold war was established by a socialist
propagandist on the basis of a speech by a socialist Prime Minister. Churchill made the original "iron curtain" remark, but it was after Atlee's speech to the UN which left the USSR unable
to reply and thus established the basis of engagement. If you are going to make ad-hominem attacks you should at least
try to get them on target.

@_date: 1996-07-24 12:23:05
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
That depends on the circumstances. If you are arguing the case for unilateral disarmament or unilateral reduction. In many cases there was a
deliberated attempt to confuse one with the other. Unilateral reduction can be the right move to make.
In the case of a minor nuclear power such as the UK unilateral
disarmament may be the right move if the force is insignificant and
the cost of maintaining it is more than the ecconomy can afford or
if it requires compromise of foreign policy in general to keep
the supplier happy.
Somehow I think it should be obvious that issues such as disarmament
are rather more complex than a theoretical game theory model can
capture. Theory should inform understanding, uncovering cause/effect
relationships. That does not mean that all such relationships can
be captured.
The attempt to move from game theory to nuclear disarmament policy
is a tenuous enough move which works primarily because both sides are rational actors who are employing the same ideological and analytical framework to achieve a common goal (avoiding mutual anihilation). It is an even more tenuous connection to apply it to the home burglar situation. Burglars are not rational actors, and
are more likely to have their behaviour determined by drugs or
alcohol than analytical game theory.
The facts are very clear, if you have a handgun in the house it is
far more likely to kill a member of the familly than stop an
intruder. The NRA know this which is why they have lobbied for the
CDC to stop research in this area - they do not like the facts.
As someone who qualifies to be issued with a handgun under the UK
regulations I have been informed that the protection offered is
marginal at best. An intruder is certain to be more prepared than
the intended victim, it is extreemly unlikely that the intruder will
not get the first shot in.

@_date: 1996-07-25 04:41:04
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Noise: Re: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
And why did the networks put Rush on so late? Could it be that
he did not pull in the viewers?
It is shallow logic, but it is Rush's own logic. He promotes the
idea that success is measured in ecconomic terms. The failure of his
TV show demonstrates the failure of his ideas under the criteria which he himself espouses.
That is not what the trial will decide. The question is who and what,
why is irrelevant given the nature of the offense.
Nope, I look to the millitas, Chritian Identity, the Klu Klux Klan and their appologists including Liddy and Limbaugh. If you read
the propaganda that the NAZIs used you will find it if anything less direct than Liddy or Buchannan. The NAZIs did not advertise their
intention to commit mass murder, they used code words. When Buchannan
refers to "Hose" he is using a codeword he knows will be understood.

@_date: 1996-07-26 04:09:17
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: LIMBAUGH ON TV 
I'm still rather amused by the terms of your bet, $50 vs 25L.
At current exchange rates 25 Lire is more like 2 cents.
I thought I had already given my 2 cents.
Given that this is a public newsgroup, and the one most
likely to be read by spooks and the FBI I would have to be almost as stupid as Rush to accept any bets on it. Its called
illegal interstate gambling.

@_date: 1996-07-26 06:25:02
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: LIMBAUGH ON TV 
The generaly accepted abreviation is GBP.
How about hard currency? I prefer Swiss francs (CHF).
The moral point is not that there is risk of being caught, it
is that society has made laws and unless there are exceptional
circumstances it is a duty to obey those laws.
I don't argue against breaking laws which are immoral, indeed I am still refusing to pay a Poll tax bill from the UK despite
the fact that the amount outstanding is inconsequential.
You sound like an 18th century fop challenging someone to a duel.
I do not believe that Aristotle listed "challenging to a bet"
as one of his modes of reason.
Rush has been rejected by the very free market principles he
espouses which destroys his case through self contradiction.
On the other hand I have not asserted that premise, arguments
ad pecuniam are therefore irrelevant.
The fact remains that the lack of Rush on TV has an explanation
considerably less charitable than Rush's claim. Whether Rush returns to TV or not is of very little interest to me except
insofar as it would reduce the already sparse options for
TV entertainment in Cambridge.
Would you believe that Continental is so lame that they do not
offer either the Sci-Fi channel nor the comedy channel in the
home town of MIT and Harvard? If I had realised that NBC Olympic coverage would be as bad as it is I might have got a
satelite dish to pick up the feed from Astra.

@_date: 1996-07-26 14:21:28
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: LIMBAUGH ON TV 
Because your continued attempts to prop up what is a very
silly argument with even sillier ones is a source of amusement.
I had not at that point abandoned the satirical mode. Since
you can't take a hint and your arguments are now tiresome
rather than amusing I'll tell it to you straight:
As with Rush I don't have the slightest respect for your mode
of argument. You attempt to introduce "proof by wager" as a valid form of argument. You introduce irrelevant factors such whether Rush is richer than I am, something which you have no means of knowing and as it happens I don't know either. I don't know how rich you get by lying to the
American public and I haven't the foggiest idea what my portfolio is worth. There are only two levels of wealth "enough" and "not enough". I fall into the first category, Rush Limbaugh and yourself will fall into the latter regardless of how much money you earn.
In short your arguments are remarkably similar to those of
your hero Rush, fatuous, invalid logic, irrelevant facts and
gratuitous insults.
I think you are a fool, I think that Rush is a fool and I don't
consider that I need prove anything to you.

@_date: 1996-07-26 14:21:49
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: LIMBAUGH ON TV 
Actually the original reply I made was simply one of a number of objections to what is a very silly argument. I could have equally
answered that way had you actually proposed a duel or that we
"step outside". It is a very silly mode of argument and desrves
to be answered in the same manner (if at all).
The essential humourless of your reply is indicated by your
failure to realise that my conversion of your 25L into 2 cents
was satirical.
And precisely what does that demonstrate? We are debating the issue
of whether Rush's retreat from TV is a result of failure, or more
specifically whether we should believe Rush's spin on the matter.
The truth or falsehood of that argument is indifferent to the depth
of my belief that Rush is a big fat idiot or not. One of my friends left CERN to join Netscape a few years back. He
now worth probably $10 million plus as a result. I don't think that
his intelligence relative to Rush was in any way dependent on that
decision. He would still be way smarter than Rush either way and Marvin Minsky would be smarter than both. Only guy I have ever met
who was super rich who impressed me as an intellectual force was Bill Gates - apart that is from friends who inherited silly amounts
of money.

@_date: 1996-06-06 16:10:46
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: whitehouse web incident, viva la web revolution 
Crap Perry, I discussed the affair with a top investment manager
at Barclays Bank Suisse. He saw no problem whatsoever in the deals.
Neither did my friend who trades oil futures for Rappaport. If you want to play the "who knows who in banking" game remember that the
Oxford Union and the Swiss National Croquet team are probably better
places to meet banking types than the Palo Alto Au Bon Pain.
Its Dr., Mr Metzger
Before you get all steamed up and bothered consider that you are behaving in typical USEnet flamefest fashion. Are you going to claim
that the underlying mechanism for options is any different than for futures? The point was that she was _selling_ and not _buying_. Thats
a fixed profit bet with an unlimited downside.
Of course, a person _selling_ futures is going to take the profits out
each time. The profits are made against the net worth of the person
concerned. Its an _underwriting_ business Mr Metzger. $100,000 is not a substantial increase in Hillary's net worth so she _can't_ underwrite
more business. Oh yes, and how does one cover up the matching ticket? They would
show up on the brokers account. If one wishes to bribe a politician a much better way is to give them
a huge advance on their book, or buy some tangible asset at above
market value. I can't see an intelligent broker risking his business when there are easier mechanisms available.
Forgive me if I am wrong but are CFTC margin requirements not requirements placed on brokers as opposed to requirements brokers
must impose on customers? That at any rate is my understanding
of the situation from Galbraith.
Given the four years of dirt digging over Whitewater its a safe bet
that none of the actions were illegal as Mr Metzger claims. If they
were it would demonstrate more than incompetence on the part of
D'Amato et al. After four years they have a convicted fraudster and self confesed pejurer as their only link to the Whitehouse. If there
was such obvious criminality in those dealings D'Amato would have
been all over them.
ObCrypto: Perry is only able to make allegations because the
financial markets are to a degree open. If anoymous cash takes
off and anonymous derivatives follow won't it make it easier to
conceal the type of dealings Perry alledges?

@_date: 1996-06-06 20:55:42
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: whitehouse web incident, viva la web revolution 
Well why don't you do that and come back with the results eh? You have to actually _talk_ to them for the knowledge to transfer Perry y' know. It dosen't osmose into you just because you are frobbing the ethernet on some secretaries Mac while some merchant banker is making trades in the next office.
You still don't understand, the $1000 is not the stake, it is merely the deposit. The stake is Hillary's entire net worth, that is what she is betting Its not compound interest on a $1000 stake so $1000+ $4000 profit = $5000
stake, the stake is the $500,000 plus her house would fetch so each time
she takes a $4000 profit her stake barely increases. $500K + 4K is $504K, next time she can write a contract for $4040.
Rubbish, thats only 25 contracts sold without a loss. Depending on
the market one usually takes a profit when selling a contract. These are not "one in a million trades" Perry, they are the sort of trade that one would expect to make in an underwritting capacity for a commodity market. Steady profits on contracts which generally pay off. So you think that the Republican's in Washington haven't figured out
what Perry Metzger has? Perry, its the crux of your case, you are claiming that Hilary committed fraud but you do not know whether the responsibility for covering the trades is on the broker or on the client. You are mouthing off that Hillary was illegally trading without putting up margin when you don't know whether or not that is a crime. Perry, before you go off into what you would like to believe consider your last sentence. You admit that there is no evidence, you also fail to understand what is understand in selling contracts.
As a media meme this one had legs in the same manner as the Borda medals affair. There is no reason to believe that Borda was wearing the valour pins in bad faith, the rules on the matter were vague. Depending on which version of the manual you believe you could say it was right or you could say it was wrong. No indication of an act of bad faith. But take a decorated combat vet who is wazzed off about being jacked out of the army and the Washington press we know what the result would be. Regardless of whether it was or was not an act of bad faith the press prefer the bad faith story. I don't know any other country which treats it politicians in the same way as the US does. I have friends in both parties who have left the Washington political scene because they don't think the game is worth the candle.

@_date: 1996-06-07 11:38:41
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: whitehouse web incident, viva la web revolution 
Meeks was intending to link Clinton's crypto policy to Hitler's. I see
no evidence from Meeks' style that he has read Foucault.
If Meeks wanted to be effective he could have accused Clinton and Freeh of seeking to build a Stalininst secret police, or make such an organisation possible. It would probably be more accurate to link Freeh to Hoover and point out how such power has been abused in the US political system before.
The point was that Meeks' article is not the type to advance our cause. It basically says "if you are a democrat you believe in cypto-control". Err yes, well done, you have just told half the country that they support the opposite policy to the one we are trying to get them to believe in. Plus Bush and Reagan advocated the same policy so he is also saying Republicans are against our If you want you could reduce the ranks of those fighting for crypto regulations to be removed to members of the Libertarian party, but it would be more effective to widen the base.

@_date: 1996-06-07 11:43:55
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: whitehouse web incident, viva la web revolution 
Rubbish, 2^25 is 33,554,432. How do you calculate your figures? Or do you just make 'em up as you go along?
These are contracts which are expected to pay off more times that they are not, they are made on the advice of someone who is an expert in the area. The contracts are probably hedging each other in such a way that one contract or the other is likely to pay off.
If you hit a favourable market for your strategy you can win big. Problem is that after a while others are likley to cotton on to your strategy. Yes, selling rather than buying. If you buy a contract to sell gold at price X the chances are that you will lose money most of the time. Many of the industries buying those contracts are doing so to protect their exposure to price fluctuations in raw materials. Selling contracts is in effect underwritting risk of market fluctuations, most times you expect to realise a profit, but if you lose you can loose very big indeed.
BTW, I'm told that margin requirements for that market are 5%. So to sell $20,000 of contracts you only need to put down $1000.

@_date: 1996-06-07 20:21:56
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Anonymous stock trades. 
Well, Milton Friedman's method for saving the whale is to leave it to the free market, if people want whales in the oceans they won't buy whale meat. The point that even if no US person eats whale, a few thousand "gourmets" in Japan can eat their way through the remaining stocks of many species in a few years escapes him. So forgive me if if find you authority somewhat less than compelling.
Adam Smith makes the point rather better in his analysis of monopolies and how they affect the market. But remember that although regulations may be instituted as protectionist mechanisms that is not the only purpose that regulations are There are so many negatives in that sentence I can't figure out which way you are arguing. Certainly there are many senators, congressman etc who can be bought for a contribution to their election fund or a huge advance on their memoirs. No, it is a case of whether you are applying ideological judgements or prepared to analyse the system itself. I do not believe in the idol of the free market. I do not consider ecconomists to have justified the level of inane self-satisfied certainty about their field that they exude. I was talking to a professor at the Sloane school yesterday who made precisely this point.
Deciding what is right implies an ethical judgement. Are you basing your argument on Kantian or consequentialist assumptions? I can argue either but since most of my thesis is based on a logical positivist approach I'm far more sympathetic to the utilitarian point of view.
The free market is not in itself an ethical basis - that would be creating an ought from an is. The problem which libertarian idelogues are affraid to face up to is that markets have required regulation to keep them open and free. Its all very well for people to jump up and down, stampt their feet and claim the opposite but this is what every government in the free world believes. The effects of deregulation in the savings and loans area make it unlikely any further experiments in that area will be tried for a while.

@_date: 1996-06-08 08:26:17
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Anonymous stock trades. 
Perry writes..
This is the Perry argument!
Call someone a fool, invite ridicule... ohhh perry does that make you feel big?
does that make you feel like you can argue?
Of course you can't argue or you would not have begun your arguement with a gratuitous insult. You are clearly uncertain of your case and feel that you have to puff yourself up a bit and try a bit of intimidation. I asked my stock broker about the trades Hilary did. Sorry Perry, you were wrong 5% margin is sufficient in most markets. That means $1000 can cover $20,000. Your whole case was based on a false premise.
Since the last time you began a Perrygram by insulting me you turned out to be wrong it should be no suprise for this to be a repeat.
The argument from Friedman was as published in a letter to the London Times by the man himself. You can even go and look it up if you like, it was published in '89 or '90. He did not make a reference to "stakeholders". That was not his argument. His argument was based entirely on the mechanism of the market, supply and demand.

@_date: 1996-06-08 11:28:29
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Anonymous stock trades. 
Perry, Fortunately you are now arguing in a region where I can give authoratative sources online. I had missed the Jr bit, but Hess Sr is somewhat better known.
Wrong, try visitng the Cato Institute's site:
You can find his papers at:
Of course the Cato Institute may have simply added him to their "staff" list to make them look more important but I doubt it. The piece is not particularly original, Cadilac Desert made the same points in the early 80s. On the other hand it is a briefing paper intended to influence legislation so thats not suprising. Federal subsidies of water and farmland have turned into corporate handouts. This is hardly suprising given the mechanism. The farmers want to get a freebie handout while pretending that they are not on welfare. This leads to a mechanism which is attempting socialist policies without admitting that they are socialist, the handouts have to be disguised  resulting in far more waste than if an intellectually honest policy were followed. In the EU there is a similar system of corrupt price support for agriculture, mainly supported by the French. I don't know of any serious political movement which supports such policies except for farmers advocates which does not recognise them as pork barrel.

@_date: 1996-06-08 11:58:43
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Anonymous stock trades. 
BTW, its not normally polite to post comments on personal mail to a list. I thought the list had probably got bored with this nonsense long
Being listed as staff in my view makes one a staff member. There have been interesting developments in telecommunications which
make it no longer necessary to physically reside where one works.
When I was a CERN fellow I was certainly on the payroll of CERN - generally that is what "Fellow" means.
If Perry wishes to call me a fool for calling a person listed by the Cato Institute as a member of their "staff" a member of the Cato institute staff then I guess Perry has a different deffinition of "fool";.

@_date: 1996-06-08 12:02:48
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Anonymous stock trades. 
It was you who insited on calling me "Mr Baker" despite the fact that we have been introduced. If you insist on being formal you can get it right. Its a D.Phil by the way, not a PhD.
PS, I don't recommend that people read the works of the late Cato Institute staffer mentioned. There are better authorities than the speechwriter of Barry If people are interested in Philosophy then I suggest they read "A History of Western Philosophy" by Bertrand Russel.

@_date: 1996-06-08 13:49:43
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Anonymous stock trades. 
No, you miss the point. Friedman has become a slave to his theory, he is attempting to push his idea even to solve a situation it clearly cannot. There are good reasons to conserve whale stocks irrespective of your eccological position. Without sufficient stocks the whaling industry will go the way of the carrier pidgeon canning industry.
Bob, you are way off base here. You are putting up a straw man. I have not endorsed the views of Social text, I've not even mentioned them. As I stated I am much more inclined to the logical positivist view than to the continental school of philosophy of which social text is an exemplar. My views on Derrida and his school are pretty negative, he has perhaps three good ideas and has been eeking them out with showmanship. I don't think that the deconstructionists are able to enter into a rational debate because they continually consider themselves obliged to challenge the terms of the debate. I'm fairly familiar with the debate that Social Text engages in and I consider it to be pretty bogus. They are arguing that language is insufficient for the purposes of their discussion so they create a new vocabulary without preconceptions. This project is doomed to failure since there is no means of defining the new language except in terms of the one in common usage they have rejected. So one might as well use plain language for arguement.
This is why the Web is heavilly influenced by Hermenuetics, the point Sokal was making was actually one which is central to the work of Hiedegger and Gadamer. The establishment of a shared vocabulary is necessary for communication, communication defines being. It is entierely illogical for someone claiming to be establishing a theory of communication to do so by attempting to establish a private ontology. The Social Text people are refuted by their own work. Bob, you would be able to make your point better if you had an understanding of the principles you are discussing. I have some understanding of philosophical method and how to apply it. Your point on sophistry is a straw man. Solopcism is a paradox, it is an argument which demonstrates the inadequacy of our system of thought. Descartes and Hume argued the point at great length, whether mind or sensation is primary. I fail to see how you make the bridge from comments on Friedman to Social Text. I was merely pointing out that I consider Friedman to be overly ideological and that the certainty he claims for his results are not backed by empirical proof. He has described a theory which is impossible to prove or disprove because it is impossible to perform controlled experiments. Would the US ecconomy be stronger if Carter had won in 1980 instead of Reagan? Its impossible to say.
If the libertarian fringe does not wish to remain so I suggest you try the 1) Never ever start a post by directly stating that someone is an ignoramous.
2) Accept the fact that some people do not accept the axioms you are arguing 3) Differentiate between advancing your arguement and advancing your ego.
The first is the most important. If you have no respect for the people you are arguing against you will utterly fail to convince them of anything.

@_date: 1996-06-09 05:57:57
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: [NOISE] Buying whales with digicash Re: Anonymous stock trades. 
Perry, anything ridiculous? I found the letter to be ridiculous which is why I remember it. despite being listed as such on their home page is it not just a little possible that you might be wrong in this case?
fuzzy headed free market types" is somewhat rich. I have heard plans to eliminate all government apart from the army, privatising roads and the police. I have heard numerous claims that monopolies cannot ever exist under any circumstances unless they are created by government. I have even heard it stated that had gun ownership been more widespread in the UK the Dunblane massacre would not have occurred. Whether  the teacher was expected to gun down Hamilton with the Kalashnikov she carried to school each day or whether the tots were expected to come to her aid with Smith and Westons I'm not sure. In short I don't think that there is any type of piffle that the "most fuzzy headed free market types" cannot offer.
are everything. It is unfortunately very common for great men to get megalomania and believe they have the solution to the worlds problems in one theory.
theories. It assumes that most people are smart enough to realise their true interests. It assumes that people take a longer term look than they do.

@_date: 1996-06-09 09:05:50
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: [NOISE] Buying whales with digicash Re: Anonymous stock trades. 
Unusual to spell Dave with two v's, were your parents also dyslexic?
How about everyone holding off on the spelling flames for a while?
Having discovered from Hal Finnley that you US types do not lump together derivatives based on futures when you refer to futures I think I now understand the point Perry was originaly trying to make. Yes speculating in ordinary futures, one would normally expect a return of about the same as the margin put up. Does anyone have a first hand report of the precise contracts being traded? There appear to be no details on the Web that Alta Vista has access to.
Of course if Perry and his cohorts were not so keen to call people drivelling idiots we would have got to this point rather earlier. I have a habit of not valuing very highly claims from people who feel they have to resort to insults to get an argument across. Perry's mode of argument appears to be the automatic gainsaying of whatever the other person says - not too I'm still at a loss to see why Bob thinks I have anything whatsoever to do with the Social Text people. I've never accepted any of the Derrida type stuff and have metaphysical and linguistic objections to that approach based in the theory they are alledgedly advancing.

@_date: 1996-06-09 14:29:23
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: [NOISE] Buying whales with digicash Re: Anonymous stock trades. 
Perry, one last time:
The POINT is that you CORRECTED me in saying Hess was a Cato Institute staff member when the Cato Institute THEMSELVES list him as a staff member.
Your correction was ILL INFORMED and WRONG to continue to present this as an example of my being in error is somewhat stupid.
It wouldn't be so bad Perry but you can't resist calling someone an imbecile when they say something you disagree with. I may occasionaly post without checking my facts but I don't call someone a fool without checking my facts. When Perry mentioned Hess I did a search on Alta-Vista, found his work at the Cato Institute and read it. Unfortunately that search produced hits for the father as well as the son but the papers were all by the son. P.J. O' Rourke is also listed as a Cato staff member. So to describe him as such would NOT be inaccurate. It might not be the best way to describe O'Rourke but it would not be an incorrect way.
If you happen to know that the Cato institute is lying then thats another matter. Its not unknown for lobby groups to fill out their staff lists with bogus placemen but if O'Rourke isn't happy about being called a Staff member of Cato presumably his lawyers would be issuing letters. Certainly I would not call someone a fool for believing the Insititute of Historical Review when they falsely claim that A.J.P.Taylor was a supporter of their position. I might correct them and point out that the IHR was lying but I would not Its not a debate that I think its worth having with you and its a pointless debate in any case. There is no large company in the world which does not interact with government agencies and is not affected by government regulations. It is impossible to attribute cause and effect and say what would have been the case had government not been involved. The deBeers Diamond cartel was formed by Rhodes because he had the only steam pump in South Africa, not because of any governmental favours. It has continued because it is in the interests of all suppliers to maintain the false price. Granted that the current state of the diamond market may not last another twenty years it has already survived a Of course monopolies will be rare, by their nature there can only be one in any particular industrial sector.
Actually it turns out that they are not all that tight after all. But don't worry, this is being fixed. Is it just me or is the idea that teachers should be armed with lethal weapons somewhat a silly one. For a start the number of teachers who crack and plug a youngster being a pain would probably be higher than the current number of schools masacres. Secondly it may be just me but I suspect that Hamilton would have been the person to shoot first in the Dunblane trajedy.
Perry, I do not carry a full archive of press clippings arround with me! I gave you the reference, you have the opportunity to look it up if you have access to an online service with archives from English papers. Perry, you are entirely neglecting the effect of a little cartel in the middle east that got together to deliberately force up the price of oil called OPEC. While nobody in the west is likely to support their action its a bit rich for you to claim that shortages resulted from domestic policy when the oil producing countries enacted a deliberate policy to force the price of oil up. From the supplier country point of view its hard to argue that the OPEC move was a bad one, it allowed them to drastically increase the value of their oil stocks. Its a pity that little of that reached the people in those countries but that is capitalism for you.
Perry you are worse than a fool. I have never been an appologist for Castro or his self serving ideology. It is ideologues like Castro and yourself who do the real damage. By idealogue I mean someone who tries to pretend that society can be organised according to a single overarching principle which is believed in as an article of faith.

@_date: 1996-06-25 13:42:27
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Noise: Re: Those Evil Republicans 
The Times is a Rupert Murdoch paper and so the views you find tend to be those of Rupert Murdoch - the man who gave Newt a $3million bribe (oops advance payment). It probably dosen't affect you but there have been losers, mainly people loosing their jobs in the banking, insurance and other sectors where administrative staff are being replaced by computer. Now in the long run this is a good thing, but in the short run it is bad for the people concerned.
Actually shrinking of government is happening but not because of the net. We are currently seeing the effect of the first wave of PC technology. The federal government has been drastically cut in size but mainly through outsourcing and contracting, not through reduction in functions performed. The main limitations are social, not technological. Like many large organisations the government has an ossified beauracracy. There is a very strong disincentive against making any changes. The reward for inovation is likely to be blame for whatever bad things happen without any credit for anything good that happens. Plus you could find yourself in front of a congressional kangeroo court being charged with some partisan charge or other.
Disintermediation is something that is happening, you could go to the Whitehouse site and obtain the "official" press release direct from the source.
Remember why FDR invented deposit insurance? The worst depression in modern history was caused by the lack of deposit insurance. You have the option of investing in a bank that is not insured, there were no problems with the insurance scheme so long as the insurers were allowed to regulate their risk just like any other insurer does. The problem came when Reagan and his crew "hit the jackpot".
Well if you are a bad shot you probably need to use a shotgun. But think of the advantages of using a steel bullet - no lead poisoning problems!

@_date: 1996-06-26 17:31:17
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Noise: Re: Those Evil Republicans 
I'm somewhat at a loss to understand your comment "worst famine in modern
Russian history", since modern Russian history could at the earliest be
said to start with the liberation of the serfs there is remarkably little
"modern Russian history" that was not under communist rule. Indeed it is difficult to imagine that any worse famine did occur at any time in Russias
history, unless you were to count some of the effects of world war 2. Since the appologists for Stalin outside Russia number in the low thousands
I'm at a loss to understand the relevance of your point. Similarly your point about government control of currency is somewhat puzzling. Are you arguing that we are less prosperous today than we were in the 1920's?
If so that would be a somewhat curious argument which you will no doubt share with us. The only modern country I know of which does not control its
currency is Lichenstein which uses the Swiss Franc, I'm not sure what lessons
can be learnt from a country whose chief ecconomic activities are gambling
and facilitating tax evasion however.
Now it may be that Bob Dole is secretly planning a radical change in the
ecconomic direction of the country but somehow I doubt that the position of chairman of the Federal Reserve is going to be going away soon. Indeed I
have not heard any Repulicans mioving towards yor policies which to me
sound more like those of William Jennings Bryant than Bob Dole.

@_date: 1996-06-27 12:50:43
@_author: hallam at Etna.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Noise: Re: Those Evil Republicans 
Jersey and the Isle of Man are not independent soverign nations. The
Manx parliament is subordinate to the English Privy Council and Jersey
is similarly an anachronism. Andora is ruled jointly by the French President
and a Spanish Bishop (or is it the other way round?).
Fogive my skepticism but I don't think that any ecconomist would seriously
suggest these as usefull models for modern industrial societies. The chief
industries being parasitic on those of larger nations.
There are political solutions to the problem of regulation being factored down to the lowest common denominator. That is the purpose of the Social
Chapter (nee charter) of the EU Maastricht agreement. The next round of
GATT is likely to contain similar requirements.
