
@_date: 2001-01-06 02:53:31
@_author: han don 
@_subject: Solution to riddle 666 clear not cryptic Jah guidance 
This is the riddle to the mystery of the beast numbered 666.
In the Book of Kings (and 2nd ChronicleV9:13) Solomon counted out his gold and it measured 666 cubits.
The calf was the creature/beast made out of gold (and precious stones) at the foot of the mountain when Moses descended. The calf being symbolic of our unhealthy craving for unecessary commodities such as gold, gems, milk and blood.
The gold standard is used in the world economy ( no-one shall be able to buy or sell without the mark of the beast.)
The great whore is symbolic of individuals and institutions which perpetuate the myth/illusion that you somehow need gold or diamonds to sanctify a marriage, you don't. The vow is sacred and sanctified by our honour and faith in God. Bringing token payments of gold and gems into the act sustains the corrupt and exploitative jem and gold trade. Furthermore it is in essence the same principle as the prostitution act of material for The manifestation of all these false values display their destructive and corrupt nature. Rainforests and their irreplacable, incomparable beauty, housing Gods finest creations are being massacred at a frightening rate the main reason being to feed cattle and to prospect and exploit natural The gold and diamond industry creates a perverse and inhuman imbalance of wealth (Sierra Leone's bloody civil war was fought for control of the diamond trade.)
The world economy with its unfair trade policies and debt traps (using the gold standard) has created a world where 40,000 people AT LEAST die daily unnecessarily due to hunger.
This theory holds up in the Chinese Bible or 'I Ching' also where the number666 refers to the mother. As we know the cow acts as a mother to humans by suckling human children (a perversion of Gods laws of nature.) Here also the quality of the 666 reference is receptive again gold is receptive and the hexogram is bottomless symbolising the bottomless pit.
This is THE SOLUTION to the riddle. Whether you choose to believe or not is up to you but this is IT. If you have faith in God and the Bible the command therein is to withdraw and refuse to trade in such commodities. THis is not just religeous fervor it is the important realisation which is crucial to the survival of our species and the living planet itself which as it stands is on the brink of annhilation.
I dislike to use strong language but you are warned as of NOW!
This was confirmed to me when the 8 angels of the revelations appeared to me (and no I wasn't on drugs). Pass this info on and spread the solution.Don't be fooled into disbelieving because of the simplistic nature of this solution as it's simplicity is its greatest strenght.
May God guide and protect !
I urge you do not hesitate to pass this info on.
(The fruit of the knowledge of good n evil in line with the fairly universal law  -actions which provide pleasure and nourishment to others are in essence healthy and nourishment to the self- excludes all true tree fruits, therefore the only fruit borne by a tree which is destructive must be the friuthead of parasitic fungi. This therefore is the fruit of knowledge and a warning to the use of fungi. From hallucinogens to yeast in bread (again all referred to in REV: maddening wine of impure passion -this also referring to the obvious 'bitter sex'). Note Christ never ate bread with yeast in fact all he ate was fruit and grains (unleavened). Not fish as is widely misconcieved in fact when he was being followed by the crowds he preached and then with the 'miraculous' catch gave people the option stay and eat of the flesh or come and follow him. AS for the feeding of the 5,000 with the few loaves and fishes he fed them with his words and satisfied them and the uneaten bread and fish was returned to the basket this then fed the fish keeping them at the shore while the boats fished hence no catch and some more snacks of food into the water as the boat resailed brought them out again into deep water- hence the miraculous catch.)
He holy grail has also been revealed to me but is too precious to reveal more info at-  Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at
