
@_date: 1993-02-11 10:44:14
@_author: Robin Hanson 
@_subject: Timed-Release Crypto 
[This is a first post by a crypto-naive person - be kind.]
What came to my mind as I read Tim's message was various competing
timed-key servers, each publishing its public key associated with
various future dates, and promising to release the associated private
key on that date (but not before).  You then encode your message with an m-of-n scheme using n such
server's keys for your chosen date, and assume at least m of them will
eventually publish their promised key, and assume no more than m of
them will release early.  You then leave it with several escrow
services and ask them to try to decrypt it once a year with the new
year's keys.
To prove to all that a server is untrustworthy, simply reveal its
private key ahead of time, and win a bond posted by the service (easy
to implement - encode some money with the public key, see if anyone
cashes it.)  There are economies of scale in shared monitoring of
trust, so perhaps only a few dozen such servers would be needed.
Hmm.. but how does the server get paid if the public key is public
knowledge?   Robin Hanson

@_date: 1993-02-11 12:58:09
@_author: Robin Hanson 
@_subject: Timed-Release Crypto 
Timothy C. May asks (regarding my naive proposal):
Yeah I think my terseness led to some communication failure.
I was imagining the key server publishing a key which thousands of
folks might then use to close their time capsules.  The key server
doesn't know which messages where are closed with their key, and even
if they did the messages are simultaneously closed with many different
keys, so they'd need wide collusion to peek (including collusion with
one of your escrow message holders).  And as Dorn suggests the escrow
holder of the message can't peek if "message itself could be encrypted
using the intended eventual recipients public key".
Dorn suggests: I guess this might work, but now you have to be more specific in
telling your escrow service where to look for public keys to decode
you message.  With just a few standard time-key servers, this isn't
needed, and perhaps we could all share the costs of monitoring their
trustworthyness.  Needing just a few, the need might easily be met by
Robin
