
@_date: 2001-08-06 14:25:40
@_author: P.K.Hari Das <India> 
@_subject: Introducing Marlabs 
Dear Sir,
Let me introduce myself as Hari, Manager, Marlabs Inc.(India - Operations).
Marlabs, Inc. is a worldwide provider of information technology solutions. Our expertise spans application software development and package software implementation through system life-cycle project responsibility. Our e-commerce solutions include web application development and hosting. Our solutions include many WAP enabled projects for reputed clients. We also provide staff supplementation of IT personnel. The company has 4 branch offices in the US (two of them are offsite development centers PA and TX) as well as an office in Bangalore, India, which has the offshore software development capabilities. With all the state of the art communication facilities and infrastructure, software can be developed, integrated and installed on the delivery date at a very low cost, when compared to other parts of the world.
Marlabs was founded in 1996 on integrity, responsiveness and long-term, seamless partnerships. Since 1996, Marlabs, Inc. has experienced tremendous growth. Developing solid experience managing projects of various sizes in healthcare and E-commerce/Web related industries. Marlabs' primary focus has been on winning a variety of client/server application development contracts, and recently, B2B E-commerce and other Internet-based database development and maintenance projects for health, financial, environmental, and communication industries.
Today, Marlabs is still committed to the mission of providing consistently superior Information Technology consulting services in a timely, affordable manner, in a work environment that emphasizes responsiveness and integrity, while promoting long-term, seamless partnerships based on mutual respect.
Please drop in at  to know more about our company.
I look forward to have a fruitful discussion on joining together in business in the areas of onsite consulting,outsourced services, database management and warehousing, web enabled services ng ,training as well as onsite customized IT solutions at any region of US,Europe and Asia.
Have a nice day,
Marlabs Inc
India 91-80-5092113 /5321582,83
Mobile 91-98441-17319
US 1-732-767-1710 x 14
(Mr.Jay Nair)
The Real Act Of Discovery Is Not Finding New Lands, But In Seeing With New Eyes
