
@_date: 2012-02-21 08:43:03
@_author: Harley_Geiger 
@_subject: [drone-list] NYT: How much UAV surveillance are you comfortable 
There is no real Constitutional question with regard to prohibiting individual or corporate surveillance carried out via drones. On the contrary, private individuals/companies using drones to video or photograph people and objects in public places could argue they have a First Amendment right to do so. There are some laws (i.e., state voyeurism laws) that prohibit taking footage of individuals in places in which they may expect privacy, but generally not in public places. I'm not as clear on this, but I believe private entities can use drones to take footage of private property as well, though, again, with some restrictions (i.e., CA Civ. Code 1708.8). The Fourth Amendment applies to government surveillance via drones, but in a limited (I would say anachronistic) fashion under Supreme Court interpretations. In Florida v. Riley, police did not need a warrant to conduct aerial surveillance of private property from a helicopter; essentially the Court ruled that private citizens do not own or have privacy rights to airspace roughly 400ft above the property. In Kyllo v. United States, the Supreme Court ruled police did need a warrant to use a thermal imaging camera to peer inside an individual's home. Taken together, these cases suggest the government generally does not need a warrant to use a drone to conduct aerial surveillance over a broad area that includes both public and private property, so long as the drone is not equipped with sensors that can penetrate the walls of homes and other legally recognized private areas (sheds, possibly car interiors, etc.). Why are people uncomfortable with drone surveillance? Because drones can quietly watch an entire town for many hours without refueling, enabling a pervasive, secret surveillance that helicopters or traffic cameras cannot match. Low-end models are cheap enough that anyone b a global corporation, your homeowner's association, your creepy neighbor b can purchase a drone (a parrot drone is $300 on Amazon). Importantly, you cannot really avoid a drone, at least not if you're outside. I think people realize there are very few limits on what information can be collected and shared via drones b so what if every time stepped out of the house you were on YouTube? Privacy law is not ready for drones. If you're interested, I've written two blog posts on drones and privacy. This is the first one: This is the latest one: Harley Geiger
Policy Counsel Center for Democracy & Technology
harley at cdt.org
drone-list mailing list
drone-list at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
