
@_date: 2011-04-21 04:53:48
@_author: harry k 
@_subject: [serval-project-dev] Re: Serval Legal Issues 
Hi Paul,
This is the concise version :)
This is a moot point unless Serval a) is in the radio hardware
business, b) causes the radio device to exceed its power output or c)
convinces the output stage to not skip across at least XX frequencies.
915b928  ;  1 W - A minimum of 20 hopping frequencies must be used.
2400b2483.5  ;  500 mW - A minimum of 15 hopping frequencies must be
2400b2483.5  ;  4 W - A minimum of 75 hopping frequencies must be
5725b5850  ;  4 W - A minimum of 75 hopping frequencies must be used.
The real smarts of Serval is in the software and its application that
relies on a 3rd party OS, sitting inside some vendor's hardware that
uses wireless comms. The bands have been defined, the license issued
(Class licences do not have to be applied for, and no licence fees are
payable. They are issued by the ACMA by a notice published in the
Commonwealth of Australia Gazette) under the Radiocommunications (Low
Interference Potential Devices) Class Licence - supporting the use of
short-range spread spectrum and digital modulation devices.
Working with these frequencies the following is the ACMA caveat for
anyone's radio dovalacky in these bands...
"must not cause interference to other radiocommunications services and
will not be afforded protection from interference caused by other
radiocommunications services" which means low power communication
devices must accept interference from licensed users of that frequency
band, including that from the cat dryers.
The converse is that Serval must not impinge on the licensed users
(ie, carriers) as their interests are vested and most have paid a gob
load to guarantee spectrum to themselves as a for-profit operation.
That is what makes a 'telecommunications carrier', a protected
monopolist in most countries.
Even if one was to install 4 W boosters and relays in the metro areas,
it would be a good argument for ACMA and the lawyers whilst there was
no charge to play. That is, if there is money involved, then ACMA and
others want a slice. I smell a blank audio cassette / blank CD royalty
Where did 'distance' come into it? Only reference i can find in the
standards is about output power and frequency hopping. Although...
"A wireless local area network (WLAN) is the generic term used for
equipment that can form data networks with other equipment over short
distances (usually less than 500 metres) without the use of connecting
wires. " might explain things a bit. It is misleading, naughty ACMA.
The 'wires' thingy is a left over from the copper days, i remember
them... but the air is free (except for the carbon dioxide tax and
spectrum auctions).
Monopoly protection of the dominant copper pair carrier was the
regulatory intent of this 'copper over public places' mainly for
telephony originally and then the never-show-a-profit pay and cable tv
guys, Murdoch 25% Packer 25% Telstra 50% (give thanks and praise to
Kim W for that)
If the hardware complies with the output power and frequency hopping
requirements, then go for your life with 'smart' software over the top
of it.
As long as each node in the mesh operates within its limits, where is
the problem?
The other anachronism that will confound some a bit, is the 'connect
distinct places' as stated by ACMA...
" Category 1 - single line links connecting distinct places in
(12) A single line link connecting distinct places within Australia
that are at least 500 metres apart. A power exists for the Minister to
extend these distances if this is considered appropriate at a future
date. "
a) intended for permanent point-to-point comms such as microwave links
and the like between populated places where there are people /
businesses who can pay to play.
b) the link operates in an 'always on' mode providing a permanent
link. This concept goes out the window with spread spectrum
Once upon a time... _all_ handsets were owned by the PMG / Telecom and
you paid a rental for them. Yes, even today this Telstra mug tax still
exists if you allow it. The deal is, you rent the line and handset,
but the ACCC put a stop to that and you can connect any approved
handset to the PTSN system.
Is the network permanently on?
Does any one individual or group own the whole of the parts?
Again, the license relates to output power and frequency hopping _not_
As Serval and the mesh is not a telecommunications carrier, there is
no obligation. It is an adhoc network.
Although it would be a neat feature if one node, which is outside of a
PSTN connection, could establish one from the WiFi mesh, where it
would over ride the repeater like a party-line switchboard* and route
the 000 call out to the PSTN. Would need a way of notifying the over
ridden node owner / user that a 000 call is in progress. Similar
issues exist with the ham radio community and makes for good reading
as to the problems Serval will face... soon.
* - Why worry, the whole Serval / mesh thingy is outside of the onerous
nature of money making from permanent radio comms and / or
Hope this has helped.
Two areas of background would be the ham radio repeater community and
how early telephone networks worked, ie party lines.
Best regards,
Harry K.
