
@_date: 1993-08-13 11:33:27
@_author: Hastings at courier8.aero.org 
@_subject: Electric Fooling Machine 
Homer: "You couldn't fool your own mother on the foolingest day of the
year, even if you had an electric fooling machine."
You're walking down the street, and a gang of thugs jumps out
from behind some bushes. Their leader approaches you and says:
"Don't be alarmed, we're your very local community - we believe
in the noble principle of Democracy, majority rule, and you
have an equal vote with each of us."
You say, "Whew. I guess my marshmallow-philosophical Libertarianism
clouded my vision of the great ideal that is our American way of
life. What should we vote on first?"
The gang leader says, "Glad to hear someone with confidence in the
system. A concerned member of our community, upset at the unfair
distribution of wealth in our society, has proposed an equal
sharing of whatever cash we have on hand at the moment. Since
none of us have any cash, the implementation would require you to
give an equal share to each of us. Now, that seems reasonable,
doesn't it?"
You say, "Oh no, my worst nightmare come true, even while I am
awake! But, the essence of Democracy is my right to vote, and
if I'm unhappy that I'm completely ruined this election, why I
have a chance to get screwed every couple of years forever!
But, wait, if this process were AUTOMATED, ELECTRONICALLY, why,
I could be ripped off continuously every single nanosecond!"
Could anyone really BELIEVE that high school civics class garbage?
On this list, we've all probably experienced firsthand, the joys
of "our" government in the person of an IRS (or state tax) agent,
and after that enlightening encounter, have sworn uncompromising
revenge on THEM, THE ENEMY. Maybe someone had their kid taken
from them to die in some stinking jungle or desert. Or maybe
someone owns a gun for protection, or has an unapproved
hygienic practice (smoking, drugs, booze, midwife, health food)
and isn't thrilled with the zero-tolerance, no-conviction-needed
asset forfeiture revenue-enhancing scam, or the threats on privacy
because of "money-laundering" or "terrorism".
Can you stand to watch the "cleared by military censors" media
prattle on about how government needs to stick everyone in a
hamster cage for their own good without getting totally pissed?
If so, I'm jealous.
Now, what is the most effective tactic to achieve a universal
respect for rights? Oops. Nobody has any rights, that would
support Natural Law. We'd have to shovel heretics into the
fire according to religious revelation if we accept NL/NR.
Begging for our "rights" from the Secret Masters' puppets, or
buying "our own" politicians into office, may bring
temporary relief, but a lasting victory will come by
cutting the supply lines (taxes and inflation) and their
brainwashing stranglehold on the media (and "public" education).
Digital cash might "nuke" tax collection, as Tim May puts it.
Anything other than Federal Reserve Units as the unit of
account removes the enemy's benefit from any inflation that
Unlicensed broadcasts (perhaps starting with wireless
spread-sprectrum internet extensions) muscles in on media
territory and can cause reader/viewers to question the absurd
establishment interpretations of current and historic events.
Gee, if only the Nazis would have an e-mail address, everything
would be wonderful. Email: hitler at nazi.edu or stalin at commie.org.
A Nobel Prize was awarded to the Public Choice school for just
this insight. The selfless, dedicated public servants have the
same motivations as the most ruthless wolves on Wall Street.
I think David Friedman covers this, and you could do worse than
to read The Machinery of Freedom. (This is NOT a direct quote):
A political victory is winner-take-all, completely shutting
out the desires of a minority. In a free market, if a good or
service is favored by the majority, guess what: The majority
rules! You'll see whatever they want just about everywhere.
But minority tastes will be catered to as well, perhaps not at
the supermarket, but in a little boutique somewhere.
If this is what you have in mind for political decisions, then
you've reinvented proprietary communities, described in Spencer
Heath McCallum's (sp?) The Art of Community (1970), which provides
agreeable structures to the signatories of their covenants.
But you would NOT be talking about the coercive, tax-and-draft,
master-and-subject relationships which define a "government."
Kent -

@_date: 1993-08-13 12:22:59
@_author: Hastings at courier8.aero.org 
@_subject: Privacy-Friendly Auditing 
I sent messages pertaining to the anonymous auditing problem to Neils
Ferguson, and like someone who hopes the property owner forgives the
trespass that occurs when someone walks up and rings the doorbell, I
hope he doesn't "have a cow" that I'm sharing some of his remarks.
Duh!!! Ahem...
Niels Ferguson can be reached at niels at cwi.nl, and I'm sure one of you
finks will rat on me and tell him I'm betraying confidentiality. Well,
go ahead, you'll see what I do to you.
Kent -

@_date: 1993-08-18 10:25:44
@_author: Hastings at courier8.aero.org 
@_subject: ADICO: Privacy-Friendly Anon Auditing 
Niels Ferguson sent some e-mail to me, which I managed to delete because I'm
using this new MS-Mail package. But I STILL prefer it to QuickMail, mainly
because it doesn't cause the system to freeze up with a stupid TSR
notifier. It also is designed for Windows. But anyway ...
To the question Hal Finney raised about Eric Hughes protocols, Niels also
continues to have the same worries. He gave an example of a bogus depositor
being compensated for interest for parking $1 million, and also thought the
amount of data needed by Eric's protocol was excessive.
It seems the fraud works if a depositor can be left out of the accounting. A
way to insure that anyone with a signed bank statement is included might be to
certify each statement by an auditor registered with the Department of
Anarchy (some private association).
A similar approach for digital cash might be that when you hand over an amount
of gold (or whatever) to a "Notary Private," you get a receipt you can verify
from an Association.
Kent -

@_date: 1993-08-20 18:21:54
@_author: Hastings at courier8.aero.org 
@_subject: Hardware Homebrew 
I think we should build fluidic computers and communication
links to resist an EMP attack. How better could we meet
TEMPEST requirements than using water instead of electrons.
None of this namby-pamby off-the-shelf baby stuff. If users
can't build their own computers and write their own OS,
they deserve to be crushed under a jackboot forever. ;-)
And we're not talking beer, here.
"When you've said DUFF, you've said enough."
OK, buy when there is a variety of retail sources, but for
something as limited as RSA for example, it is wise to use
PGP. Is it unreasonable to prefer free software with source
code to commercial 'ware without source code? Even for
hardware that is freely purchaseable, shouldn't we review
the security of any privacy solution ourselves rather
than take some manufacturer's word that it's safe? I
grant you a sound board isn't the most critical item.
Writing device drivers for existing sound cards, as you
suggest we should do, assumes that the user already has a
general purpose computer system up and running. Isn't that
a "special prerequisite?"
The guy who started all this hoped his sampler would be
"dead cheap and easy to build" but admittedly was still
talking about an add-on to a PC. Computers and add-in
boards seem cheap compared to automobiles, but not
everyone has thousands of dollars to throw away on
this junk. I can't believe that when microcontrollers
are available for $1-$4 each, that we can't design a
simple non-Unix, non-DOS standalone gadget for use
by non-Nerds.
One project we should consider is a non-proprietary
hardware/software privacy product for mass consumption.
I'd like to have a cheap audio sampler as part of a DVR
module to record and play voice messages, spread-spectrum
radio to give unlicensed users access to the airwaves, a
self-configuring backbone of home radio voice/e-mail
mailboxes, perhaps combining omni and uni-directional
links for efficient message forwarding, and the ability
of any user to transmit a message from their portable
DVR transceiver to anyone's home mailbox and get a
response, without any record of the message paths.
Maybe this sounds really complicated, but a single CPU
can do compression, generate chip bits per the spreading
code (direct sequence software) to define a spread
spectrum channel, select the best address for efficient
message forwarding, and toast your bread in the morning.
It should be mostly software, no?
The 75% of the world's people who have no access to any
phone service have more time than money, so homebrew
hacking is one way for them to get privacy and freedom.
It is illegal to BUY a 10-meter amplifier for ham radio
because it may be abused by a CB operator (in the
11-meter band). But it is legal to BUILD a 10-meter
amplifier for ham use. If it were illegal, and if you
want it, but can't buy it, what other choice do you
have? What happens when one of these HR4079, Digital
Telephony, Clipper/Capstone/Skipjack proposals passes,
and Cyphernacht takes place? Storm troopers will throw
your nice little PC's on the ground to ruin the hard
drives, and only the new, improved hard drives, with
access for legitimate law enforcement needs will be sold.
Like Chuck Hammill says: "If you don't learn how to beat
your plowshares into swords before they outlaw swords,
you'd better learn before they outlaw plowshares."
Kent - jkhastings at aol.com

@_date: 1993-10-01 13:08:10
@_author: Hastings at courier8.aero.org 
@_subject: Single Value Pseudonyms 
Someone posted a way to resist altered bank notes if the consumer's random
blinding factor signed by the bank wasn't really so random, by something
called (if I remember right) a "cut-and-choose" protocol.
To make things very simple for a bank, I suggest having fixed value digital
pseudonyms for each value of bank note. For example, the Bank of Hastings on
Kent would use "AU 500 mg from HoK Bank" as the user name for all signed 500
milligram gold certificates.
When a merchant or ultimately the bank verifies the note, it will see
"AU 500 mg" as the message, or will not accept it. No worry about spoofing.
Kent -

@_date: 1993-10-04 13:19:43
@_author: Hastings at courier8.aero.org 
@_subject: Oops 
* Notice - no name disclosed \emphasis added\ Call me Mr. Literal
** There may be a non-disclosure contract in effect, but I'll apologize,
or say anything else, if \I\ determine that it is appropriate. I'm not
aware of any non-apology clause on cypherpunks.
I had 115 messages waiting for me from the weekend when I got into work
today. The only mail reflector list I belong to is cypherpunks. When we
had QUICKMAIL, the headers were included with the messages. I used to
save headers plus messages into one file, then run a program to strip out
headers for reading. Headers took up half of a daily "mailbag" file.
If I just HAD to find out who sent a message, I could browse the unstripped
file and find the origin. But now with MS-MAIL, the X400 internet messages
are all saved as attachments. The Windoze macro I use appends each attachment
to an ASCII text file, then deletes the message, because of network limits.
It works for me, and most users put address trailers on their messages. No
headers are saved from cypherpunks anymore on my system.
So the point is, WHO sent this? Was it directed at ME? It is true that I
forward calls for participation in projects, meeting announcements, and
technical information. I try to credit the source. I consider that a
feature, not a bug of my ethical program. You should welcome whatever
publicity I give you. WHAT prompted your (whoever you are) objections? If
it is some personal detail, unrelated to digital privacy and untraceable
cash, I sincerely apologize. Especially if I disclosed something from a
private e-mail exchange (it's possible).
Otherwise, I'll fake being sorry to stay on the list. If I get kicked off,
I'll appear as a new subscriber under a pseudonym. Go ahead, make my day.
This, by the way is a problem with anonymity. At least Chaum discusses this
unauthorized duplicate problem with "is-a-person" bureaus.
Perhaps you mean something else. "Do not quote my private e-mail to
cypherpunks with my name." Private e-mail to cypherpunks. Maybe you
think messages posted to an international mail reflector are private?
Sometimes I circulate info from cypherpunks printed on paper at libertarian
meetings to get some action on an issue. Like forwarded messages from the
EFF. All messages I post here are global broadcasts, are public domain,
and you're fooling yourself if you think the NSA, Treasury, the CIA,
the press, or anyone else isn't getting everything posted here directly.
But I'll humor you if you're that naive.
Kent -  is defunct for now. Why I'm in such a good mood :^(

@_date: 1993-10-04 13:49:08
@_author: Hastings at courier8.aero.org 
@_subject: L.A. Times Sunday Column One 
Sunday, October 3, 1993 Los Angeles Times Front Page Column One:
Headline: DEMANDING THE ABILITY TO SNOOP
Afraid new technology may foil eavesdropping efforts, U.S. officials want
phone and computer users to adopt the same privacy code. The government
would hold the only key.
by Robert Lee Hotz
Times Science Writer
The article covers PGP, Skipjack in graphic detail (picture of Mykotronix
chip), the growth in dossiers and information requests from the Federal
Crime Info Center, and all our pet issues. This and a related article take
up more than a full page. Eric Hughes is quoted. My mail inbox was
crammed full, so I may have missed it before. If not, whoop, there it is.
Kent -

@_date: 1993-10-12 08:19:53
@_author: Hastings at courier8.aero.org 
@_subject: Spread Spectrum Decoys 
Part of the "hunt and destroy vs. cost to deploy" equation thread about
spread spectrum networks was forwarded to me. How about putting several
cheap noise generators on the air as decoys? This might tip the cost
balance in favor of the network.
The Julieboard Direct Digital Synthesizer board, which only needs numbers
fed to it from a PC printer port or microcontroller output, can be bought
wired and tested for $125. Production in volume should be cheaper. So who
is hunting down transmitters and killing them, and risking a confrontation
with an armed opponent, for this paltry sum?
Kent -

@_date: 1993-10-12 18:36:35
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Spread Spectrum Decoys 
Decoys would be easy to build, just build a cruddy receiver, tune it to
a dead station, add an amplifier, and retransmit the noise at another
frequency, and presto, you have a decoy.  Incredibly cheap to build,
(nothing more than a few transistors, capacitors, and resistors, which
don't have to be good quality either); the most expensive thing would
probably be the power supply.  Since the signals would be encrypted,
they wouldn't know static from data (well, they could probably figure it
out if they tried, it just depends on how much effort they want to put
into it).
As for the Julieboard, $125 sounds a bit steep.  If we build the boards
ourselves, it could be done a lot cheaper.  Making rough guesses, we
would need: 8088 (or similiar capacity chip): $2-3.  Small amount of
low-power static RAM (16K or less): $5   eproms: $2-3   UART or
something similiar: $2-3  cpu clock, transistors, TTLs, logic gates,
other paraphinelia to interface CPU to transmitter: $??  Transmitter and
receiver: <$10.  (This is USA $$$ btw...  also I haven't been following
the electronics market too closely lately so correct my guesses if
they're wrong.)  The only problem is finding people experienced enuff to
build the boards.

@_date: 1993-10-13 12:06:42
@_author: Hastings at courier8.aero.org 
@_subject: Electronic Production Costs 
When I mentioned the cost of the Julieboard at $125 wired and tested, I said
that volume (say 1,000,000 units) would bring the cost down. I didn't mean to
say that I could build one board from parts myself for less than $125. Using
a commercial manufacturing assembly line on the final product should
lower the cost, figuring efficiency and volume discounts on the components,
and getting the Hell out of Ontario with its high income and value added
taxes will make a big difference.The Julieboard performance/price ratio was
unheard of a few years ago when I looked at the A&A Williams synthesizer.
The author/designer of Julieboard says he has done frequency-hopping spread
spectrum designs, and the next project he publishes for the ham radio market
could be a digital transceiver.
Kent -  "Ask not for whom the bill tolls."

@_date: 1993-09-14 09:09:59
@_author: Hastings at courier8.aero.org 
@_subject: Spread spectrum radio 
It was encouraging to see messages about spread spectrum recently. Bypassing
the telcos could be important in a crypto-hostile legal environment. And who
wants to pay for message forwarding when we can do it ourselves
efficiently, almost for free?
A bit off topic, but I didn't start it:
Someone posted a message that the Waco tank driver ID'd the tank in the
Waco: The Big Lie video. But the Chrysler model equipped with a flame
thrower claimed to be the tank didn't match Neil Schulman's military expert's
opinion, that the model in question did not come equipped with a flame
thrower, but could easily support one. Linda Thompson (W:TBL producer)
then claimed it was the Chrysler flame thrower tank cleverly disguised to look
like the others. As Neil told me, "First she says some animal on the tape is a
squirrel. I say the zoologist says it's a chipmunk. Then she says it's a
chipmunk disguised as a squirrel." For the complete detailed exchange from the
Waco echo conference, e-mail me at jkhastings at aol.com or Neil at
softserv at genie.geis.com. Sorry for being off topic, but government atrocities
DO undermine the argument that law enforcement needs to take away your right
to privacy for your own safety. And we're talking about DECIPHERING what's on
the video. Yeah, that's it.
"Beat the system before the system beats you."
Kent -

@_date: 1994-01-05 08:54:18
@_author: Hastings at courier8.aero.org 
@_subject: RSA Conference 1/12-1/14 
Here's a recent e-mail exchange, between RSA Data Security, Inc.
 and myself, that may interest you cypherpunks:
