
@_date: 1997-12-05 07:38:49
@_author: Mark Hedges 
@_subject: Scientology war update 
An excellent, amazing movie called Schizopolis pokes fun at Scientology
in ways L-RON never dreamed. It's perfect. Try to find it and watch.
Mark Hedges
JonWienk at ix.netcom.com wrote on Sat, 22 Nov 1997 08:12:14 -0800:

@_date: 1997-12-05 08:58:42
@_author: Mark Hedges 
@_subject: Heidegger on Cypherpunks -- give me a break 
In previous thread "FCPUNX:Tim plans to kill a federal judge",
Introduction to Metaphysics and Sein und Zeit do concern the relationship
between what is real (what exists) and subjective, perceptual reality,
but Heidegger makes clear that although what we know is only perception,
perception is not the essent of what is real and exists. Actions must rely on perception of reality, but he lends not absolute validity to the
Heidegger was on the right track, though quantum and cosmological physics
and cognitive sciences reach beyond his philosophical circles of contra-
diction and paradox inside a flawed and entirely limited language into an
expanding and increasingly accurate scientific and mathematical system of
discourse. His basic mistake was to admit that verbal and written language
contains contradictions and then to draw what he supposed were valid
conclusions -- from false premesis and a false universe of discourse.
Mark Hedges
Anonymizer, Inc.

@_date: 1997-12-30 12:07:40
@_author: Mark Hedges 
@_subject: Anonymous IRC (was "Cypherpunks IRC Christmas Eve Party") 
We found IRC users to be so involved in petty information wars --
ping floods, malicious prank hacking, and the like -- that we directed
policy against use of IRC from the anonymous shell accounts at CyberPass.
If IRC users weren't so easily lulled by the tempation to crash a server
or run malicious bots or just plain irritate other people for fun, and
if they would gang up and kick out people who did that, then perhaps we'd
switch that back on.
They were just too much overhead. Everyone else seems pretty nice, really,
as far as the system goes. They're all self-interested in keeping the
anonymous publishing and so on going, so the peace keeps itself.
Mark Hedges
Infonex and Anonymizer

@_date: 1997-09-11 03:26:56
@_author: Mark Hedges 
@_subject: New Forbes Article 
It's a great article, but they said that Sameer authored and runs
the Anonymizer. He ran it for a while, but Justin Boyan wrote the
thing, and now we operate the server.
Mark Hedges
Anonymizer Inc.
