
@_date: 1996-06-15 19:34:35
@_author: Zed 
@_subject: Remailer Operator Liability? 
Unlikely. The use of anonymous remailers was given as a reason for why it
was impossible to effectively determine if indecent material was being
distributed to a minor who was using a nym. I think pressure on anonymous
remailers is going to increase as various groups complain that the paw
innocent widdle kiddies are "vulnerable to corruption"(or some bullshit like
that) because their age can be hidden. Read the decision. The CDA _may_ be
declared constitutional if there was an effective and reliable way of
preventing minors from accessing "indecent" material - which anonymous
remailers make harder to do.
On another front, anonymous remailers were brought up in the latest hearing
of the Church of Scientology's court case against Dennis Erlich. Judge Whyte
expressed concern that trade secret status could be destroyed simply by
posting information through an anonymous remailer. Of course, the Church
dearly wants those concerns to be considered valid in law. I expect Whyte to
set a precedent concerning anonymous remailers sometime soon, and it is
unlikely to be a good one.
  Zed(hendersn at zeta.org.au)
"Don't hate the media, become the media" - Jello Biafra
  PGP key on request

@_date: 1996-05-19 06:41:28
@_author: Zed 
@_subject: NOTS posted to alt.religion.scientology 
Maybe this is about something else (the NOTS materials), or
It wasn't the Fishman Affidavit that was posted - it was the NOTS materials.
The Affidavit material has been in a public court record for some years now,
and was an important factor in the favourable Dutch ruling. The NOTS have
never been subject to public scrutiny. In fact, the Church claims them as
trade secrets as well as copyrighted materials. That may or may not have
changed now that the NOTS have been viewed by who knows how many people.
Damn right!
The Church dislikes anonymous remailers intensely, despite exploiting their
advantages themselves. The few comments that their PR reps have made
indicate that the Church wants some way of stripping someone's anonymity
away if they "abuse" this anonymity. I dislike that idea intensely. Everyone
remember anon.penet.fi?
Like it or not, posting the NOTS _is_ a violation of copyright. While many
people think the Church of $cientology is abusing Intellectual Property laws
in order to keep their secret materials secret, the remailers have the
ability to violate _anyone's_ copyrights. I can imagine a scenario in which
the NSA starts spamming wholesale copyrighted works anonymously in order to
give the Government a compelling reason to legislate against anonymous
  Zed(hendersn at zeta.org.au)
"Don't hate the media, become the media" - Jello Biafra
  PGP key on request

@_date: 1996-05-22 06:35:19
@_author: Zed 
@_subject: SEVERE undercapacity, we need more remailer servers FAST 
Not at the moment. It was only banned in one state(can't remember which one)
and that ban was lifted some time ago.
It was tried, but didn't work. The final court ruling was that Australian
Government wasn't allowed to decide what did or didn't constitute a genuine
religious practice. $cientology can charge what it likes.
And the religion cover let them skip away unharmed. The Church's "benefits"
are spiritual in nature(allegedly) and therefore not subject to medical
Now to try to get this back on-topic, there was one NOTS document which was
posted anonymously before the whole pack made it to
alt.religion.scientology. It described a process(or "ritual" if you prefer)
designed to help _physical_ affliction. It _may_ violate an FDA ruling
prohibiting the Church from practising medicine. It is _definitely_ a
violation of copyright to post it and one person, Keith Henson, is getting
sued for quoting it. Now, was sending this NOTS document through an
anonymous remailer a good or a bad thing to do?    Zed(hendersn at zeta.org.au)
"Don't hate the media, become the media" - Jello Biafra
  PGP key on request

@_date: 1996-05-23 06:07:52
@_author: Zed 
@_subject: SEVERE undercapacity, we need more remailer servers FAST (fwd) 
The only reason that Keith could post NOTS 34 at all was because it had
previously been posted to a.r.s anonymously. Prior to that, no-one outside
of the Church had a copy of any NOTS materials(or so the Church says).
Grady Ward got sued by the Church just because he _asked_ for a NOTS pack to
be sent to him. The Church will do everything within its not inconsiderable
power to prevent NOTS material being disseminated on the Internet - up to
and including destroying the anonymous remailer network.
  Zed(hendersn at zeta.org.au)
"Don't hate the media, become the media" - Jello Biafra
  PGP key on request

@_date: 1996-05-24 02:27:12
@_author: Zed 
@_subject: Long-Lived Remailers 
I really like this idea. How about instead of a full-scale remailer being
the final jump of the message, you have a _very_ simple remailer set up
along the lines of anon.penet.fi. No encryption, just strip off the headers
and send the message to its final destination. Sorry for being clueless in
how this works(I'm learning as fast as I can), but wouldn't this kind of
system be incredibly easy to start up and fold? You could have a host of
such final emanation points winking in and out of existence while the actual
encrypting remailers remain relatively safe.
  Zed(hendersn at zeta.org.au)
"Don't hate the media, become the media" - Jello Biafra
  PGP key on request

@_date: 1996-05-27 06:38:00
@_author: Zed 
@_subject: An alternative to remailer shutdowns 
This is what I was groping for before, I think. I would like to set up an
anonymous remailer, but I have little to no idea how to go about it. I need
something that I can set up cheaply and easily on a machine that I don't
have root on, and that I could close down in a flash if there was a problem.
 I'm proposing a stop-gap measure that could take some of the heat off
genuine remailers - simple, easy-to-create remailers that do nothing except
anonymize the fullscale remailer that's being used. If you make it so that
Type-I and Type-II remailers can _only_ remail to these simple remailers as
well as other remailers, you've insulated them from the overt threat of
being caught as the last remailer in the chain. Hopefully the number of
full-scale remailers would then start increasing instead of decreasing if
there is less reason to threaten them.
As for traffic analysis uncovering the previous remailer in the chain: how
would discovering that the previous remailer in the chain was
utopia.hacktic.nl be any different from the message actually appearing from
utopia.hacktic.nl? The Church of Scientology doesn't have the resources to
do full-scale traffic analysis, so hacktic's role would never have been
discovered.  And what would you do if it turned out that the previous
remailer was middle-man at alpha.c2.org? Who do you prosecute?
You either pay up as your income allows you, or you file for bankruptcy.
Neither option is likely to make other remailer operators feel good about
  Zed(hendersn at zeta.org.au)
"Don't hate the media, become the media" - Jello Biafra
  PGP key on request
