
@_date: 1993-12-16 03:15:53
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: traffic report: expect delays on the 93 
Commuters should expect random delays of between 0 and 20 minutes on the 93
(the 128.32.182.93, or cicada.berkeley.edu) remailer.
I'm starting my project of modifying my remailers to thwart traffic
analysis, so as the first step I put in a random delay.  The next step is to
add an "ignore me" header command and also a "bounce me to neverneverland"
header command.  Other header commands (all in an encrypted header, which
will have to wait until I finish configuring encrypted remail on cicada)
will say things like "chop off the last X bytes and continue" or "add X
random bytes to the message and pass it on", all with random delays.
I also want to set it up so that it just spontaneously mails stuff to random

@_date: 1993-12-16 04:50:55
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: more traffic delays! 
I've "upgraded" all of my remailers (hh at soda, hh at cicada, hh at pmantis,
00x at uclink) to insert a random delay in the remailings.

@_date: 1993-12-23 16:16:07
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: mail-to-news gateway 
I'm currently setting up my soda.berkeley.edu remailer so it will post stuff
to news.  It's working fine, but I'm having an internal debate with myself:
Do I want it to automatically anonymify the postings (that's what it's doing
now) or should I have them with names on them?  The only real difference is
that if they have names on them by default, people will have to bounce it
through a remailer first if they want anon.  Also if it's always anon, it
may lead to more abuses, and might not be as useful in some ways.  What do
people think?
Btw, it's open for testing right now.  To use it, send mail
hh at soda.berkeley.edu with the following line in the header:
Request-Post: alt.test
and it will post.
NOTE: PLEASE DO NOT PUBLICIZE THIS SERVICE YET, BECAUSE IT IS STILL IN
"BETA".  PLEASE DO NOT USE IT TO POST TO GROUPS OTHER THAN TEST GROUPS.

@_date: 1993-12-23 17:59:46
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: mail-to-news gateway 
I've modified the gateway so that it is non-anon, for a few reasons:
It seems that this makes it more general purpose.  It seems that it will be
less likely to be shut down this way (the soda administration is quite
anti-cypherpunk; I actually got thrown off root there because I defended our
The other thing that I might do is have two options:
with the obvious meanings.
Although to make it more consistent with the other header lines, it should
I want to make these header lines as logically consistent as possible.
What's the most logic format?
Also, right now my remailer has a random time delay feature.  The posting
service does not have that feature, although if I implement anon posting, I
will probably put it in for anon posting only.
THIS IS AN EXPERIMENTAL SERVICE, SO PLEASE DO NOT SPREAD THE WORD, AND
PLEASE CONFINE YOUR POSTINGS TO THE *.test GROUPS.  IF PEOPLE START ABUSING
IT, I WILL TURN IT OFF.
Speaking of turning it off, the other feature I'm soon going to implement is
a "prekill" file, so that certain people can be "86ed" from my remailers and

@_date: 1993-12-24 03:06:28
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: mail poster 
Sorry for the crossposting, but:
I've added a new service to my remailer.  For those of you for whom it is
easier to send mail than to post directly to the net, or for those of you
who want to post anonymously, I now offer a posting service.
To use this service, send mail like this:
and your mail will be automatically posted to alt.sex.masturbation, WITH
YOUR NAME ON IT.
If you would like to post anonymously, use the following header format:
and it will be posted ANONYMOUSLY.
If you would like to crosspost, use the following type of header (note that
there is no space after the coma):
But be warned: excessive crossposting is a Bad Thing.
I know that this type of service is open to all kinds of abuses, so please,
try to be mature about it, or it will be shut down, or even worse, I'll
track down who you are and do something nasty.
A note to UCB users:  This was crossposted to the ucb groups because this is
the only mail-to-news gateway that I know of that posts to the ucb.* groups.
Also note that hh at soda still supports its full remailer functions.  Usage of
the remailer is detailed in soda.berkeley.edu:/pub/cypherpunks/remailers.
A further note on headers:
Some mailers do not allow users to easily modify headers in mail.  However,
you can still use this service.  To do so, send a message like this:
In other words, make the first line of the body of the message two colons
(::) and then my remailer will treat the next line after that as part of the
message header.
Have fun!

@_date: 1994-02-17 17:25:54
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: remailers going down 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/x-pgp
Size: 1257 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:
