
@_date: 1994-04-14 02:57:27
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: fake pgp messages 
in the process of doing stuff to fight traffic analysis, i need to generate
a bunch of fake pgp messages.  it is possible to asciiarmor random
bits, but this is pretty easy to spot.  does anyone know a good
way to generate a large amount of bogus pgp messages?

@_date: 1994-04-25 04:35:50
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: the hh remailer (remailer@soda) 
i have added a feature to my remailer allowing a secure path to and from the
remailer, for both posting (mailing) and replies.  this code will be made
available soon, so hopefully people will start running more of these
this is excerpted from the instructions.  have fun.
= Encrypted remail requests
Like most of the traditional cypherpunks remailers, this remailer allows
encrypted remail requests.  To use this feature, create a file that looks
like this:
Then encrypt this file with the remailer's public key.
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu's key is:
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Then, send your message to remailer at soda, like this:
The remailer will decrypt it and post it to the appropriate group.  This
feature also works with Anon-Send-To:.
= Encrypted response
This feature provides a level of security beyond that of almost any other
remailer which is capable of response to anonymous messages.  To use this
feature, first choose a passphrase.  This phrase will be used to encrypt
messages sent back to you.  The encryption will be single-key (IDEA)
encryption, not PGP's normal public-private key encryption.  The reason for
this is that public key encryption is actually uneccessary in this use, and
single-key encryption with this protocol does not require a database (such
as anon.penet.fi's database mapping aliases onto addresses) increasing the
security of anonymous users.
To use this feature, create a file like this, where your-pass-phrase is the
phrase you have selected:
Then, encrypt this file with the remailer's public key, and send it in as
When a user responds to your post (or mail), his response will be encrypted
with your-pass-phrase.  You can read his response by saving it to a file and
using PGP on it.  PGP will ask you for a passphrase; enter yours, and you
will see his response to your post (or mail).
This feature allows both your posts, and the responses to your posts, to be
securely encrypted, protecting your privacy in both directions.
= Traffic Analysis
This remailer is designed to ensure that mail does not go out in the order
it is received in, to make it more difficult to link a sender to a recipient
by looking at mail logs.  This means that there will be some random delay in
your mail and your postings.

@_date: 1995-02-10 11:03:28
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: why pgp sucks 
if i use a command like
it will automatically figure out the right thing to do with the file.  if
it's encrypted, and i have the key, it will attempt to decrypt it.  if it
contains keys, it will ask if i want to add them to my keyring.  if it's
signed, it checks the signature.
this sucks!
if i'm trying to write a program to automatically process incoming mail (for
instance, to see if it's encrypted with a specific key), i certainly don't
want to have the possibility of people being able to add garbage to my
keyring just by mailing it to me.
is there a way of saying
and have it return some error code indicating whether or not the file was in
fact encrypted with user_id, and also gauranteeing that it won't do other
fun stuff with the file, like add it to my keyring?
is there a way of using pgp in a diagnostic mode, to just inform me of what
the file contains (is it signed and/or encrypted, from who and to whom?),
without processing it, and without interaction, and without messing around
with the keyring?  has anyone written some scripts to do this kind of thing?
or should i just wait until some of the groups working on the other
encryption software get it out?
