
@_date: 1994-09-04 21:28:25
@_author: Chris Hibbert 
@_subject: Problems with anonymous escrow 2--response 
I think you understood exactly what he said.  I'll explain why he said
it the way he did.  John thinks that James may have some good ideas,
but he's too excited, and he's not explaining them clearly.  John
asked James to calm down, and suggested some particular points that
James wasn't explaining in his excitement over the error he sees other
people falling into.  John is talking this way so James will
understand that John is trying to be on his side.  If he said
something like "you idiot," or "you raving clod", there would be
little chance of James calming down enough to understand John's point.
The way John spoke shows that he is familiar with many of the problems
people fall into when they hold a heated conversation on the net.
Many people mistake heat and excitement for disagreement and personal
attack.  John is doing a good job of pointing out to James that people
are interested in what he has to say, and that communication will be
clearer of if he takes a deep breath and figures out what people are
really asking him for.
Thanks John,
BTW, I think John and James are right: reputation is not quantifiable,
it's interpreted by each observer differently.  Credentials on the
other hand, can be transfered, and it makes sense to codify them so
other people can understand what recommendations they represent.

@_date: 1994-09-05 18:05:12
@_author: Chris Hibbert 
@_subject: Reputations/Credentials 
I'm not going to quote Conrad Walton point-by-point, but I'm
responding to the message in which he asks how what TRW provides
relate to what we mean by reputations and credentials.
What TRW does is to collect information from others about their
beliefs about others and their history of dealings with them.  TRW
then provides a summary giving their opinion.  They do it in an
automated way, and provide a numerical rating as the output.  Equifax,
TransUnion and Dunn&Bradstreet provide a similar service, but depend
on different sources, and combine the information in different ways.
I doubt if any of them would tell you what their formula is.
I think what other c'punks writing on this topic have objected to is
the notion that someone might create *a* calculus that would describe
*the* proper way for rating services to do their job.  Reputations are
people's opinions, and how you add them up depends on your beliefs
about the opinion-holders.
I'm not sure that credentials are different in that respect.  The way
credentials should be different is that they should tell you what
opinion they're intended to represent.  Does your signature on my key
indicate that you believe that I'm a real person with the name I use,
or just that I am the person who used that name last year?
Reputations are subjective.  Credentials are codifications about
beliefs.  They say that X believes Y about Z.  It might be useful to
codify what the different useful Y's are, but I find it hard to see
how there could be a general formalism for composing statements like

@_date: 1994-09-10 18:20:35
@_author: Chris Hibbert 
@_subject: PRIVACY REGULATIONS 
This is not true.  If you're driving a car you are required to have a
license.  If you're just walking around, you're not required to have a
name, or to tell it.  A cop has to have a probable cause to arrest
you, and not giving your name doesn't provide it.  If you're surly, a
cop can take you in, but if you politely decline to identify yourself,
the cop has to work harder to find a reason to do anything.  Just say
"Officer, someone is waiting for me.  May I go now?"
This has been tested in court.  There was a black lawyer several years
ago who liked to walk a lot.  He lived in one of the fashionable
neighborhoods in LA, and occasionally got picked up becasue he "looked
like he didn't belong there".  He sued them and won in court every
time, and got the police to leave him alone.  [No, I don't have

@_date: 1994-09-10 18:23:25
@_author: Chris Hibbert 
@_subject: SSNs and Privacy regulations 
The reason  not to give your Social Security Number when MCI asks is
not to keep MCI from knowing it, but to keep them from treating your
knowledge of it as proof of your identity.  Insist that they use a
different number so anyone willing to pay TRW for a credit report
can't get access to your account.
(author of the SSN FAQ)

@_date: 1994-09-12 00:20:30
@_author: Chris Hibbert 
@_subject: PRIVACY REGULATIONS 
I was too succinct in my message about dealing with cops.  I didn't
want to write a long message, but by responding briefly, I said things
that could easily be misconstrued, and now I'll have to spend the
time.  Sandy is right about a number of things.  As he points out, you
are not required to have documents on your person saying who you are,
but you do have to give a name (and probably an address) when the
police ask.
However, there are many times when a cop asks a question that you
don't have to answer.  Cops are allowed to just "nose around," and
it's in this situation that you aren't required to be very
forthcoming.  Cops are allowed to ask idle questions (as anyone is).
They don't have as many special rights at these times.  When they do
have probable cause, they can insist that you cooperate or allow a
search.  And if you don't cooperate, they can arrest you.
If they don't have probable cause, and are just poking around, they
have to let you go if they haven't found anything suspicious.  If you
assume they always have the right to insist, you will spend more time
talking to cops than you have to, and will let them dig deeper than
they have a right to.  The longer they poke around the better the
chances they'll find something you thought of as innocent that they
think is suspicious.  Many people let police search when they don't
have to, thinking they don't have a choice.
When a cop asks if he can look in the trunk of your car, or take a
look around your apartment, you can say "I'd rather not," and ask if
you're free to go.  **Remember that they have a gun** and the right to
use it in some situations.  Be polite.  They'll let you know if
they're insisting on your cooperation.  Physical resistance is a very
bad idea.  But there's no need to let them look if they don't insist,
and they are prohibiting from insisting if they don't have a legally
justifiable reason.
In my previous message, I said
    ... Just say "Officer, someone is waiting for me.  May I
    go now?"
and Sandy responded:
  Just say "no"?  I *guarantee* this won't work.  If you are asking
  permission ("May I go?"), aren't you ceding to the officer the
  legal right to say "no"? If you believe you don't have to
  interact with the nice man, why not just turn your back and walk
  away without a word?  (I wouldn't advise it.)
Again, I spoke too quickly, and so left out the caveats and details.
Cops have to have probably cause before they can detain you.  When
they have probably cause, they'll let you know.  "Just turn[ing] your
back and walk[ing] away without a word" is a bad idea, but if you give
them everything they ask for without objecting, you're giving in too
quickly.  Cops are not always your friends.  If a cop asks to search
you, your car or your apartment, the proper response is "I'm real busy
right now, I'd rather not."  "May I go" is a question that forces a
cop to either claim he has a reason to hold or search you or admit
that you can go.  If they have a legally justifiable reason for
insisting, they'll let you know.
Many people try to claim in court that a search was "without probable
cause," and lose because they didn't object, and so the search is
deemed to have been voluntary.  Anything they find in a voluntary
search is admissible in court.
The question isn't "Do you have something to hide?" but "Does
everything you own look completely innocent from all viewpoints?"
Sorry for the length.

@_date: 2001-09-05 23:21:33
@_author: Chris Hibbert 
@_subject: LFS Press release: Prometheus Awards 
For immediate release: September, 2001
* Libertarian Futurist Society announced Prometheus Award winners
   Sept. 2 at the Philadelphia Worldcon
* L. Neil Smith won Best Novel for "Forge of the Elders"
At its annual Worldcon award ceremony Sept. 2 in Philadelphia, the
Libertarian Futurist Society  presented its annual Prometheus Award
for Best Novel to L. Neil Smith's "Forge of the Elders" (Baen Books).
The Prometheus Awards ceremony preceded a panel discussion on "Beyond Ayn
Rand and Robert Heinlein: Libertarian SF." The panel was held from 4 to 5
p.m. Sunday Sept.  2 at the Pennsylvania Convention Center and
Philadelphia Marriott in Philadelphia.
L. Neil Smith has won the Prometheus Award twice before: in 1984 for The
Probability Broach, and in 1994 for Pallas.
Forge of the Elders combines two previously published novels with the
story's finale, finally published a decade later.  The story concerns the
culture clash between the human members of an expedition to asteroid 5023
Eris, and the multitude of aliens they find when they arrive.  The twist
is that the aliens are anarchist individualists with a sophisticated
culture, while the humans were sent by a monolithic socialist/communist
world government.  The culture clash results in a few mysterious deaths,
and the investigation of the possible murders reveals much about the
motivations of the perpetrators and suspects.
The other finalists in the voting for the 2001 Prometheus Award were:
* Lodestar, by Michael Flynn  (TOR Books)
* The Sky Road, by Ken MacLeod  (TOR Books)
* The Truth, by Terry Pratchett  (HarperCollins)
* Eagle Against the Stars, by Steve White (Baen Books)
    Twelve novels were nominated by LFS members for this year's awards.
The other nominees were Candle, by John Barnes (TOR Books); The Legend
That Was Earth, by James Hogan (Baen Books); Outlaw School, by Rebecca
Ore (HarperCollins/EOS); Chimera, by Will Shetterly (TOR Books);
Vampire Nation, by Thomas Sipos (
Conspiracies, by F. Paul Wilson (Forge Books); and All the Rage, by
F. Paul Wilson (FORGE Books)
The 2001 winner of the Hall of Fame award for Best Classic Fiction was
"The Survival of Freedom", an sf anthology edited by Jerry Pournelle and
John Carr.  Pournelle shared the prometheus award in 1992 with Larry Niven
for Fallen Angels.  The LFS' first Special Prometheus Award for Lifetime
Achievement went to Poul Anderson.  Both of these awards were presented at
LFScon, the Libertarian Futurist Society's first national conference and
20th anniversary celebration, held May 25-27 in conjunction with Marcon 36
in Columbus, Ohio.  The audience of more than 1,000 people were treated to
the Awards ceremony as part of the Masquerade festivities.
Karen Anderson, Poul's wife and a guest of honor, accepted for Anderson,
whose illness had prevented him from attending LFScon as Marcon's Grand
Master guest of honor.  Anderson, widely respected as a Grand Master of
S.F., already had been recognized by the LFS three times over the past two
decades, having won the Prometheus Hall of Fame twice for "The Star Fox"
and "Trader to the Stars" and the Best Novel award for "The Stars Are Also
Fire" (1995).  Poul Anderson passed away July 31, 2001 at the age of 74.
    The Prometheus awards for Best Novel, Best Classic Fiction (Hall of
Fame) and (occasional) Special awards honor outstanding science
fiction/fantasy that explores the possibilities of a free future,
champions human rights (including personal and economic liberty),
dramatizes the perennial conflict between individuals and coercive
governments, or critiques the tragic consequences of abuse of power--
especially by the State.
The Prometheus Award, sponsored by the Libertarian Futurist Society (LFS),
was established in 1979, making it one of the most enduring awards after
the Nebula and Hugo awards, and one of the oldest fan-based awards
currently in sf.  Presented annually since 1982 at the World Science
Fiction Convention, the Prometheus Awards include a gold coin and plaque
for the winners.
The Hall of Fame, established in 1983, focuses on older classic fiction,
including novels, novellas, short stories, poems and plays.  Past Hall of
Fame award winners range from Robert Heinlein and Ayn Rand to Ray Bradbury
and Ursula LeGuin.
     Publishers who wish to submit 2002 novels for consideration should
contact Michael Grossberg (614-236-5040, mikegrossb at aol.com, 3164
Plymouth Place, Columbus OH 43213), Chair of the LFS Prometheus Awards
Best Novel Finalist judging committee.
       Prometheus Award and Hall of Fame winners
Founded in 1982, the Libertarian Futurist Society sponsors the annual
Prometheus Award and Prometheus Hall of Fame; publishes reviews, news and
columns in the quarterly "Prometheus"; arranges annual awards ceremonies
at the Worldcon, debates libertarian futurist issues (such as private
space exploration); and provides fun and fellowship for libertarian-SF
     Here are the past winners of LFS Awards
     Prometheus Award winners
Wheels Within Wheels,  by F. Paul Wilson (1979)
The Probability Broach,  by L. Neil Smith (1982)
Voyage From Yesteryear,  by James Hogan (1983)
The Rainbow Cadenza,  by J. Neil Schulman (1984)
Cybernetic Samurai,  by Victor Milan (1986)
Marooned in Real Time,  by Vernor Vinge (1987)
The Jehovah Contract,  by Victor Koman  (1988)
Moon of Ice,  by Brad Linaweaver (1989)
Solomon's Knife,  by Victor Koman (1990
In the Country of the Blind,  by Michael Flynn (1991)
Fallen Angels,  by Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle (1992)
The Multiplex Man,  by James Hogan (1993)
Pallas,  by L. Neil Smith (1994)
The Stars Are Also Fire,  by Poul Anderson (1995)
The Star Fraction,  by Ken MacLeod (1996)
Kings of the High Frontier,  by Victor Koman (1997)
The Stone Canal,  by Ken MacLeod (1998)
The Golden Globe,  by John Varley (Berkley/Ace) (1999)
A Deepness in the Sky,  by Vernor Vinge (TOR Books) (2000)
The Forge of the Elders,  by L. Neil Smith (Baen Books) (2001)
* None of the Above won in 1985, and no awards were given in
1980 and 1981.
      Prometheus Hall of Fame winners
Robert Heinlein's The Moon is a Harsh Mistress  (1983)
Ayn Rand's Atlas Shrugged  (1983)
George Orwell's Nineteen Eighty-Four  (1984)
Ray Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451  (1984)
Poul Anderson's Trader to the Stars  (1985)
Eric Frank Russell's The Great Explosion  (1985)
C.M. Kornbluth's  The Syndic,  (1986)
Robert Shea and Robert Anton Wilson's Illuminatus  trilogy.  (1986)
Robert Heinlein's Stranger in a Strange Land  (1987)
Ayn Rand's Anthem  (1987)
Alfred Bester's The Stars My Destination  (1988)
J. Neil Schulman's Alongside Night  (1989)
F. Paul Wilson's Healer  (1990)
F. Paul Wilson's An Enemy of the State (1991)
Ira Levin's This Perfect Day  (1992)
Ursula LeGuin's The Dispossessed  (1993)
Yevgeni Zamiatin's We  (1994)
Poul Anderson's The Star Fox  (1995)
Robert Heinlein's The Red Planet  (1996)
Robert Heinlein's Methuselah's Children  (1997)
Robert Heinlein's  Time Enough for Love  (1998)
H. Beam Piper and John McGuire's A Planet for Texans (Also published
as "Lone Star Planet")  (1999)
Hans Christian Andersen's The Emperor's New Clothes  (2000)
The Survival of Freedom, edited by Jerry Pournelle and John F.
Carr  (2001)
SPECIAL AWARDS
1998: "Free Space," edited by Brad Linaweaver and Ed Kramer
2001: Poul Anderson, for lifetime achievement
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt at coil.com with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at
