
@_date: 2009-02-23 17:12:54
@_author: Hilde Marline 
@_subject: Why Oprah Winfrey Endorses Acai Berry For WieghtLoss hxkqju uk 
When celebrities endorse a product, people flock to buy it. The Queen of Daytime Gab, Oprah Winfrey, recently raved about a new supplement on her show. After her own personal struggles with weight, her suggestion for a wieghtLoss supplement got everyone excited. Oprah endorsed Acai berry as a wonderful wieghtLoss supplement that is all natural and safe for the general public.     Oprah found out about Acai berries from Dr. Nicolas Perricone. He appeared on her show to discuss the top ten "superfoods" to help people get healthy. His number one "superfood" was MonaVie, which is derived from Acai berry.       Dr. Perricone has done extensive research on Acai berry, which originated in the Amazon rainforest. He listed acai's amazing properties in his book, "The Perricone Promise", explaining the perks of using this miracle food.     Fresh acai berries are the best choice for health benefits, but you can also get the fruit in juice, powder, or extracts. Many people enjoy drinking a cup of Acai berry tea. It's fruity flavor leaves a soothing sensation on the stomach.  Acai berries have multiple benefits, but the most popular is increased wieghtLoss. Acai berries speed up the metabolism and help food travel through the body at a faster rate. This prevents fat from building up so you can loseWieght quickly. People lose an average of 8 to 25 pounds each month on Acai berry supplements.     Acai berries are so rich in important vitamins and minerals that they can replace several high calorie foods. The acai berry has as much protein as an egg and 30 times as much anthocyanin as red wine.      Oprah saw tremendous potential in this little "superfood" and it wasn't long before America jumped on board to give acai berries a try. People were instantly hooked to the high energy levels and rapid wieghtLoss. Competition heated up between companies and now you can easily sign up for Free Acai Berry Supplements.     To try a free bottle sample of Acai Berry  and follow up on one of my client's amazing wieghtLoss story, just visit below site and see why Acai Berry has changed the lives of millions!
