
@_date: 1992-12-17 01:21:34
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: tempest devices and use 
I just sent email the first time, but hey, guys, does this not look
almost exactly like some of the restrictive proposals?  Someone is pulling
your chains.  Just because they don't put a :-) on it does not keep
a posting from being satirical.  Keith

@_date: 1992-12-17 01:21:36
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: tempest devices and use 
Actually the posting is a takeoff on the crypto restrictions.  Keith

@_date: 1992-12-21 10:21:48
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: Remailer Policies 
Re logs and trying to destroy them when the cops are beating down your
door, wouldn't it be a lot better to keep them encrypted?  Keith

@_date: 1992-11-19 20:02:08
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: The legality of PGP 
Perry writes PGP is based on RSA . . . which has not granted a license
for people to use . . . . using PGP is possibly a pattent violation . . .
I wonder--I have RSA Mailsafe.  Do you think that would give me a license
to use RSA if I loaded up PGP?  Keith

@_date: 1992-10-15 03:39:36
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: Game items... 
I have not been paying enough attention to the cyberpunk list,
but I did notice that some of you were concerned with the subject, and
that Tim May was mentioning "pure information" as a better model to
play with, so I thought I would send this in as a sample.  Perhaps
some ideas of where to take the story will come out of using this model for another game.  Anyway, this game theme should not push as many hot buttons as drugs do (though it should!).      This fragment of a tale was written shortly after I came back from the first Computers, Freedom and Privacy conference.  It is placed in the time period between now and the usual time frame of Gibsonian cyberpunk.  It was written to help me think about the social & legal responses we might see when encryption is more widely available-- and used.  Sorry the story is incomplete, I just got too busy to finish it, and ran short of ideas as well.  And sorry for the obsolete technology involved.  I am sure something better than MS DOS will come along eventually.  :-)
(The usual conditions of posting apply--copyright H. Keith Henson 1991)                 Green Rage  by H. Keith Henson
     "'Nother hour and I can 'crypt and email this mess."       Lenny closed the forth of five files: maps, diagrams, schedules, assignments, and instructions.  It was a four person monkey wrench project for destroying a big piece of a paper mill and (he hoped) making it look like an accident.  It was due to take place on the east coast in a few weeks.  Lenny had never met any of the people who had scouted out the plant, nor the bitter, out-of-work engineer who had figured out how to wreck it, and none of the operators who were involved would meet each other.  Made for hard-to-crack operations.  Some people on the east coast did the same for the covert side of the GreenRage group that paid Lenny.      The tofu sandwich he had for breakfast was a dim memory.
     "Lunch first." Lenny thought.
     As he headed out to pick up a vegetarian pizza, he looked through the little glass panels in the front door.      "Oh, shit, suits outside,"
     Lenny said it with feeling, but kept his voice down.  He turned on his heel in the hall leading to the front door and ran back into the grubby GreenRage office in the dining room of a rented house in San Samon.  He managed to hit the power switch on the PC at Stel's desk before the door opened.  Stel was in the bathroom.  Whether she heard the warning or not, Lenny could get no help from her, and Marge was out on errands.  The door was opening--there was no chance to get to the other two computers or to take down the '586 file server in the kitchen--he looked up and in his best bright and cheerful voice (which to Lenny sounded hollow and rehearsed) said, "May I help you?"       The first of the four suits, a beefy dude in a grey outfit spoke up.      "Yes, you can.  We're from the CCA.  (The Computer Control Agency):  We have a court order to copy all the computer files in this building," (he held up an official looking piece of paper--more trees destroyed, thought Lenny.) "so unless you want to be charged with contempt, you can step back from that computer, and don't touch anything till we are done."      Lenny stepped back.  He wasn't as terrified as he could have been, though his heart rate must have been close to 120 and his mouth was dry. He had been through raid drills and a few real confrontations with the law at pickets and bleed-ins.      "At least it isn't a search warrant, we might keep operating" he thought.  Then remembering the drill, spoke up:      "Can I see the order?"       The beefy one handed it over while his three leaner and younger companions fanned out to the computers.  They obviously knew where the computers were, but that did not necessarily mean rot in the organization.  How well they coped with the 'puters would say something about that.      The paper was about what he expected, an order signed by a judge to copy every storage device in the GreenRage's office to an encrypted WORM drive.  The box for paper documents wasn't checked, so they knew they wouldn't find anything useful on paper.  Bad sign, it meant they knew more about GreenRage than Lenny liked.  "Waste as much time as I can," Lenny thought to himself, and in a very polite voice he asked:
     "Can I see some ID for you and your men?      The closest of the technoids, as Lenny thought of them looked up in disgust after putting his hand on the back of the ancient '386 clone Lenny had just killed.       "Its been turned off in the last 2 minutes.  Did you do it when we came in?" he said this looking right into Lenny's eyes, while digging out his badge. Lenny didn't lie with his reply,      "Its Stel's, she was about to go out, and we try to save power by turning them off when we go out."  He said this as loud as he dared, hoping that Stel would hear him in the bathroom, then spoke up even louder,      "Stel, we have official visitors, so don't make any sudden moves."      At 200+ pounds, and fifty plus years, Stel didn't make many fast moves, unless they were on young guys.  In view of the constant water shortage, the chances were only about one in four that she would flush the toilet, and less than even that Stel would wash her hands.  Without any running water sounds, she come out.      "Pigs, huh."  Stel had been politically imprinted as an anarchist at Madison over thirty years ago in the late '60s and early 70's.  When it suited her, she could be one of the most obnoxious people Lenny had ever known.  At least it diverted the attention from him, chances were low that the cops would grill Stel on who shut off the power on her computer.      Beefy, whose' badge claimed to be one Dan Barker, and technoid  (Lenny never did get a name for him, flashed their badges. Lenny grabbed a whiteboard marker (almost dry, and the only non computer writing device permitted in the office) and scribbled Barker's name and badge number on the edge of a badly cluttered whiteboard.  The other two technoids had fanned out, one to Lenny's desk, and the other to the kitchen.  The kitchen one came back shaking his head.      "No damn keyboard or display on the server.  Have to go in through the other ones to dump the disk."      Technoid  moved the mouse on Marge's machine, but thank the green mother, thought Lenny, the screensaver program had timed out, and the "I NEED A PASSWORD!" message came up.  That meant the password was gone from memory on that machine.  Technoid  hit paydirt on Lenny's machine: the screen was still alive.  He hit the space bar, and pulled out a little alarm timer which he set to go off every 3 minutes. "Damn, damnit" thought Lenny, "I should have set the timeout shorter, has it really been less than 5 minutes since I got up?"  And he was mentally kicking himself for not wiping the password when he got up.      Technoid  noted the directory (ACIDRAIN/TRMINATE) where Lenny had been working and went back up, a level at a time to the main directory on the file server.  He seemed prepared to deal with a no printer machine, pulling out a pad of paper from a little portfolio (more trees!) and started making notes on the directory structure.      Technoid  looked up from Marge's machine and asked Lenny,      "I don't suppose you would know the password?"      Lenny shook his head and then looked the agent in the eye.
     "No sir! I certainly wouldn't know Marge's password to get into her personal machine!" And wouldn't admit it if I did know, he thought.      Technoid  looked over at Stel frowning at the machine on her desk and asked mildly,     "I don't suppose you would remember your password?"     "Fuck off sharp one," Stel said with a straight face.  Even in a near state of panic, Lenny got a flash of amusement as Beefy started to spit out a hot reply.  Beefy checked himself as he saw  write down fuckoff  Stel grinned slightly; she had almost scored one on the agents.     Without making a move toward Stel's machine,  asked      "Shall I try it, Jim?"  Jim was engrossed, paging through directories but he mumbled:     "No, let's see what I can get before we risk a password given under duress." And, half a minute later,     "This is going to be a bitch, I can't find any programs to dump memory, no debug, no basic, no smalltalk, no turbo, nothing."  Lenny grinned, and straightened his face with an effort.  The crypt program had come with instructions to delete or encrypt under a special key a long list of compilers and interpreters-- not that he understood exactly what they were anyway.      "Bob, could you have one of the uniformed officers get the camera out of the car?  Looks like we are going to have to photograph some of this."  Beefy went to the door and tried to get the attention of one of the uniformed cops that had come with them.  No luck, they were both out back, keeping an eye on the building power switch so no one could turn it off.  It was less distance to the car, so he just walked out to the car, rummaged around in the back seat and brought back the camera kit.  Jim waited for him, typing a space every 3 minutes.      "Take it easy on the polaroid, damn film costs two dollars a shot," as he handed the camera kit to technoid   Technoid  came over to help and started clicking shots of the screen as Jim worked his way around in the directory tree.  There were *lots* of interesting directory and file names.  Stel, Marge, and the three masked visitors from back east had spent a whole evening making up provocative names like HIT_LIST (Lenny's address book), and $LAUNDRY (data for a spreadsheet program Marge used), and a lot of disaster names like HINDENBG, and TEX_CITY.  Since the crypt program left the directories in the clear, they thought they might as well make them amusing.  At the moment, with cold sweat dripping down his back, Lenny wished he had made the directories a little *less* provocative.      Once in a while, technoid  or Jim as Lenny was beginning to use to identify him--gotta scribble that name on the white board--would give the command to type out a file to the screen.  He either got a mess of published material from decade-old anarchist newsletters, some of which they carefully photographed on the screen, or computer-generated random bytes (which, of course, they thought was encrypted material).  One or the other of the technoids not sitting at the screen kept themselves shielding the power switch and plug.  Stel was sitting on the grubby couch waiting for the technoids to either break into the system or screw up.  Lenny went over and joined her, feeling miserable about the agents getting in through _his_ system and unwilling to watch any more and give away by body language when they were about to trip.  He glanced at his watch.  The damn cron program should ask for the password in another 20 minutes.  "Jeez," he thought, "I hope they don't get anything."       "There are _10_ copies of something which looks like a word processor on the server hard drive--they all have the same byte count and date, and there is _NO_ 'path' set," technoid  bitched loudly enough for Lenny to hear.  (Happened that this was an accident.   Lenny had found that if he copied the word processor into each directory he made, it worked fine.)  The server had an old 700 Mbyte drive, and a few copies more or less of a half Meg program made no big difference.  However at the moment, the technoids had concluded that this was a clever hack, that the system would wipe the password out of memory if they tried to run the wrong word processor program.  They outfoxed themselves: any one of them would have worked fine.  ("Type" or "copy" to the screen wouldn't work because the WD*11.0 stored files in compressed binary.)      "Well, Bob, it is moment of truth time.  We can take a 1 in 10 chance of starting up the word processor and looking at the files, or we can try to load in a program to extract the key from this thing's stinking memory.  What say?"      "You guys are the experts, don't ask me."      After a short conference, technoid  fished a diskette out of his pocket, kissed it for luck, and stuck it in the drive on Lenny's machine.     "Here goes nothing." and he typed "dir a:".  The crypt program was watching for diskette access, and came back with:                   "I NEED A PASSWORD!      "Shit."  whispered a dejected technoid under his breath.  "Know anybody at NSA?"       The 'crypt program rejected the first three passwords Lenny tried as too simple.  Which to him meant easy to remember.  He finally got it to accept anhtre spelled a at n7t%h7e$r (the password program would drop the final r).  Lenny's first password had been sesame.  He had used variations on opendoor, opendore, openwindow, enterhere, portculius, drawbridge, safedoor, gateway at various times.  If anybody had a list of his passwords, they would be a long way up on selecting attacks.  He felt he was doing the best he could to make them complex, but still rememberable.  He left the duress password (bugout) alone.  It was one he had kept using for years, and never had needed.  Lenny wasn't certain he would use it if he got a chance.  Even though Marge backed up the disk every week, he would lose a lot of work if he used the duress password and wiped the disk. -----------      They crammed the computers back into the tiny car five hours later.   Marge dropped the key in the slot by the office and they drove back to the GreenRage office where Marge and Lenny set up the machines and Marge started the backup program.  The CCA observer made voice and printed notes of their return on his palmtop from the stakeout location inside a furniture company office about a block down the street. ---------      The office never got up to full productivity over the next five weeks, but Lenny did finish and email the project--with notes to the effect that the enclosed was chapters from a book he was writing, and a true-to-life description of the data search order being carried out.  He left it up to the folks on the other end.  If they wanted to carry out a project which was in the hands of the cops, it was on their heads. ----------      The DSO hearing went about as expected.  The judge granted a two week extension over the protest of Bruce, the GreenRage's lawyer.  When the day came, Lenny, Marge, Stel, and Bruce were all looking more respectable than they usually did.  Even Stel was wearing a dress (long out of style, but the only decent one she owned).       The hearing at the federal building started in open court with a request from the US Attorney for the judge to review the CCS's material in camera.       "Mr. Mulronny, I have already looked over the affidavits you sent over, and I can't do it.  I already granted you an extra two weeks, and the law can only be stretched so far.  You either have to make a case and let these people defend their data, or you have to drop it."      Mulronny looked unhappy, but was prepared with the unsealed affidavits.  He gave one to Lenny, one to Bruce, and one to the judge.  The judge looked at Bruce,      "Your honor, this is only about 11 pages, I think my client and I can review it during a short recess, or you could take up other actions while we review this."      Court matters were running a little ahead of schedule that morning, so the judge had the clerk pencil them in after the next two short actions.  They went out in the hall, not worrying about snoops except being overheard.  The last time a judge found out that someone was bugging the courthouse, the head of the agency that did it spent time in the drunk tank for contempt.      Lenny had read the affidavit almost through when they reached the far end of the hall.  Bruce waited till he finished, and said,       "Well?"      Lenny shook his head,      "They're after someone else.  I've read about some of the events they are citing, but I sure don't know anything about them."      That wasn`t entirely true.  One of the "events" was one Lenny had put together, but when it didn't come off within a year, he had decided they had chickened out.  Since the project he had put together took out much of an oil refinery, he was not surprised.  Industrial sabotage on that scale took more than a little guts.  When the plant finally blew up, Lenny watched the papers for weeks, but never found out if it was ruled accidental.  The feds did not seem to be sure either, they only mentioned it as a possibility.  The other accusations were split between cases where Lenny strongly suspected sister organization had done the deed, or industrial accidents where some organization had taken credit for what was probably an accident.      Back in court Bruce complained to the judge that there was nothing substantial in the affidavit supporting the DSO, and that while his client did not have anything to hide, the government was asking to break into the confidential business records of a public interest group.  And if they would not just forget the whole thing, he wanted more time to      The US Attorney would have asked for more time to respond if Bruce had not, so he was agreeable.  The clerk set a date for 6 weeks off.
     Lenny was paralyzed from the neck down.  The judge was asking him for the password, and he could not remember it.  The bailiff, clerk, Bruce and Mulroony were all talking in a huddle and he could not make sense out of anything they said, no matter how hard he tried.      "This will do it!" one of them said, and jammed a furry dead fish under his nose.     Lenny found he could move as he pushed it away.  He woke up to find the cat had been licking his face and smelling of fish flavored cat food.     5:14 AM.  "There isn't much point in trying to get back to sleep," he thought but Lenny flopped back on the bed.  The cat started to purr and kneed the covers.  Lenny absently rubbed its head, and thought about the next fundraising letter.  The DSO had had the effect of galvanizing the GreenRage membership, so donations were way up, and for the first time in several years, there was more than just a little money in the bank account of GreenRage.  Of course, it was flowing out almost as fast.  Even though Bruce charged about half the going lawyer rate to public interest organiztions, fighting the DSO was going to cost them a bundle.  "Just how much of the stuff on the disk is going to cause trouble,"  Lenny realized he had spoken outloud.  If they asked for a special master, the membership list could be declared off limits.  Unlike the old days, when the cops could look through outgoing mail at the post office, an electronic mail list was fairly secure.       There wasn't much of interest in the finantial records either.  Oh, a few thousands spent for sabatage material would be hard to account for if they really dug into it, but the bulk of the money was spent on saleries, office supplies, rent, and telecom charges.  They could always claim the money was spent on spray cans and ceramic spikes for trees.  And we can say we spent it for dope.  Lenny grinned at this one.  He had given up smoking dope, made him too paranoid.  But, every fall some unknown but appreciated benifactor sent the office a plastic tub of the stickyest buds you could imagine. Perhaps one of their above ground efforts had saved some trees screening the "crop."   Marge and Stel had split the tub the last two years.    The problem was not the lastest project.  Nor was it the one or two a month Lenny had put together over the last 3 years.  They were long perged, and the disk space overwritten.  And he didn't worry about the contents of the newletters.  Presumably *somebody* on the list was a ringer, and the cops had a collection of *The GreenFlag.*  What woke Lenny up in the middle of the night (besides his cat) was the stuff which they had on that WORM disk which *had not yet happened*.  He could probably get away with claiming that the files on the events which had happened were interactive fiction based on news stories.  Or could he?  Nope, the damn files are dated prior to the "events," he thought.  And, even though fewer than half of the projects he had worked on ever came off, there were at least three or four of them they could nail me on.     Lenny turned the light on and pulled his palmtop out of the charging stand next to the bed.  He stretched the keyboard out to full size and set there trying to put his thoughts in order.  After entering his password, he brought up an organizer program.  It prompted:  State the problem.     "I don't want to go to jail for conspiricy.  The only way to stay out of jail is to keep the cops from looking through the GreenRage computer files.  Or is it?   If they can't convence the judge that they need to look through the files, then no problem.  If they can, then they come asking me for the password.  Assuming they can't crack the encryption-- which seems likely.  If I give it, I go to jail, if I don't, I may get jailed for contempt, unless they give me blanket immunity.  In either case, my days of managing monkey wrench projects are over."     The organizer program came up with:     You have used one or more legal terms.  We recommend you submit your completed outline to a lawyer.     It then proceeded to break the statements into an if-then-else logic tree which did not help Lenny much either.

@_date: 1992-10-19 02:21:17
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: one time pads. 
I can suggest a way to "distribute" a one time pad, even though the people never meet.  Just agree over the phone on which CD ROM to use,
and some forumula for an offset into the CD ROM.  You might want to
throw away some of the data to make the bit stream less regular, but
with 600 meg, who cares?  Keith Henson

@_date: 1992-10-27 09:21:45
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: Registering Keys with Big Brother 
One consequence of this proposal would be the capturing of *all* email
traffic for (possible) subsequent decryption under a court order.  After
all, how could you complain?  They couldn't read your messages of the
last ten years unless they happened to get a court order.  Knowing how
easy it is to get a pliant judge to issue an order, this would be really chilling.  Keith Henson
(on the other hand, the media makers would love it.)

@_date: 1992-10-27 09:22:00
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: Registering Keys with Big Brother 
Eric mentioned that this topic sounds like a recipe for selective
enforcement.  If all traffic were captured for possible subsequent
analysis, they could get you for a noise burst on a communication
line.  Couldn't decrypt that even with your key.  Keith

@_date: 1993-04-18 19:21:06
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: AT&T Press Release on Clipper 
posted: [mucho deleted]
Expecting to get a recording or something of the like, I called the last of these numbers, and got a considerably agitated Herb Lennen--at home--who had already been the recipient of a call or two.  He was not happy, to put it mildly!  I kindly informed him that his home phone number had been posted all over the computer nets by someone posting an official ATT press release, and that the government's universal wiretap chip, er Clipper chip, was fast becoming a controversial topic.  He accused me of being with an "organized hacker group," and stated that he only talks to people from news organizations of the NYT and Wall Street Journal size.  I offered to send him a sample of the comments, but he declined to give me his email address.  (Though I suspect that Herb_Lennen at att.com might work.) Most interesting though, he told me that John Markoff had written the definitive (and he implied positive) story on the chip.  Yo John!  If you are not reading the cypherpunks list for the "other side" of this story, you might want to. Keith Henson

@_date: 1993-04-19 00:21:09
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: Fighting the Wiretap Chip Plan 
When this "Clipper chip" story broke, I was off on an extropian (if not cypherpunk) activity--helping freeze Alcor's 27 patient (another HIV+ case.)  I doubt I am the strongest hardware person on these groups, but nobody else has commented on this aspect.  You just *can't* make chips entirely resistant to reverse engineering.  I know, I have spent close to 10% of my engineering career reverse engineering things.  Given time and a few samples, *any* chip can be reverse engineered.  This is especially true with tools such as SEM stimulator/state readers and Focused Ion Beam chip slicers and dicers widely available.  *Somebody* will dig out every gate in their spare time.  Thus the following statement looks very odd: Say what?  Does this mean that if somebody slices up a chip and publishes the algorithm the "security of the key escrow system" is broken?  Can a representative of the government say why, or if, this is the case?  If it is not the case, why not publish the algorithm and be done with it?  Because, soon as the chip can be bought over the counter or stolen, the algorithm will be deduced.
Well, unless the "independent panel" includes people who can follow the algorithm all the way through to silicon, I would not trust their report even if I trusted the experts, and that goes double for the next set of masks. Keith Henson

@_date: 1993-04-26 18:21:06
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: MEETING SUMMARY: 
Tim May closes his excellent summery with
The rest of this curse is not as well known, but it goes
"and attract the attention of important people."  I suspect we are doing
just that.  Keith Henson

@_date: 1993-08-13 13:18:27
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: Beepers can also be used to track you down! 
I may be out of date on beepers, but the ones I know about are recievers
only, no transmitters.  Cell phones *can* be used to track, though.  Keith

@_date: 1993-08-19 14:00:46
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: Digital money prototypes 
I wonder if the various precidents set by traveler's checks might
be useful in developing digital money.  If American Express (or
some similar) got into the game, it would be rather interesting.

@_date: 1993-08-20 15:16:47
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: Traveller's Checks... 
Not that this is really relevant . . . but I remember an article on
traveller's checks that a significant percentage of them are *never*
cashed.  Talk about float!  Keith

@_date: 1993-08-29 21:19:08
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: Another BBS Seizure in Ha 
Re this thread, I know someone on this list is also very active with EFF.
Could John tell us if EFF is on this case?  I would really be interested
in such details as did the cops get warrants for all the email on the
system?  If they did not, it is Alcor or Steve Jackson all over again.
(and several other cases which did not go very far because the cops found out how much trouble they were in.  :)  )  Keith Henson
PS, EFF would seem like a good place to administer a defense fund.

@_date: 1993-02-02 11:22:11
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: NEWS!  Steve Jackson case 
I pulled this off comp.org.eff.news.  I imagine many of you on both the extropian and cypherpunk list have been following this, but since there was no mention . . . . It is related to extropians because Steve is an Alcor member and Alcor once had similar problems (we sued the county using the same statute because our BBS was taken without a proper warrant and got $30k in an out of court settlement.)  This is a report of day three of the trial which ended last week.  There is more on the other two days posted in comp.org.eff.talk.  Enjoy.  Thanks to wixer!pacoid at cs.utexas.edu (Paco Xander Nathan) for posting, Joe Abernathy for excellent reporting, *many* thanks to EFF and especially John Gilmore (EFF founder and owner of toad.com--home of the cypherpunks list) and congratulations to Steve Jackson!  Keith Henson Steve Jackson Games/Secret Service wrapup
By JOE ABERNATHY
Copyright 1993, Houston Chronicle
AUSTIN -- An electronic civil rights case against the Secret Service closed Thursday with a clear statement by federal District Judge Sam Sparks that the Service failed to conduct a proper investigation in a notorious computer crime crackdown, and went too far in retaining custody of seized equipment. The judge's formal findings in the complex case, which will likely set new legal precedents, won't be returned until later. A packed courtroom sat on the edge of the seat Thursday morning as Sparks subjected the Secret Service agent in charge of the investigation to a grueling dressing-down. The judge's rebuke apparently convinced the Department of Justice to close its defense after calling only that one of the several government witnesses on hand. Attorney Mark Battan entered subdued  testimony seeking to limit the award of monetary damages. Secret Service Special Agent Timothy Foley of Chicago, who was in charge of three Austin computer search-and-seizures on March 1, 1990, that led to the lawsuit, stoically endured Spark's rebuke over the Service's poor investigation and abusive computer seizure policies. While the Service has seized dozens of computers since the crackdown began in 1990, this is the first case to challenge the practice. "The Secret Service didn't do a good job in this case. We know no investigation took place. Nobody ever gave any concern as to whether (legal) statutes were involved. We know there was damage," Sparks said in weighing damages. The lawsuit, brought by Steve Jackson Games of Austin, said that the seizure of three computers violated the Privacy Protection Act, which provides First Amendment protections against seizing a publisher's works in progress. The lawsuit further said that since one of the computers was being used to run a bulletin board system containing private electronic mail, the seizure violated the Electronic Communications Privacy Act in regards to the 388 callers of the Illuminati BBS. Sparks grew visibly angry when it was established that the Austin science fiction magazine and game book publisher was never suspected of a crime, and that agents did not do even marginal research to establish a criminal connection between the firm and the suspected illegal activities of an employee, or to determine that the company was a publisher. Indeed, agents testified that they were not even trained in the Privacy Protection Act at the special Secret Service school on computer crime. "How long would it have taken you, Mr. Foley, to find out what Steve Jackson Games did, what it was?" asked Sparks. "An hour? "Was there any reason why, on March 2, you could not return to Steve Jackson Games a copy, in floppy disk form, of everything taken? "Did you read the article in Business Week magazine where it had a picture of Steve Jackson -- a law-abiding, tax-paying citizen -- saying he was a computer crime suspect? "Did it ever occur to you, Mr. Foley, that seizing this material could harm Steve Jackson economically?" Foley replied, "No, sir," but the judge offered his own answer. "You actually did, you just had no idea anybody would actually go out and hire a lawyer and sue you." More than $200,000 has been spent by the Electronic Frontier Foundation in bringing the case to trial. The EFF was founded by Mitchell Kapor amid a civil liberties movement sparked in large part by the Secret Service computer crime crackdown. "The dressing-down of the Secret Service for their behavior is a major vindication of what we've been saying all along, which is that there were outrageous actions taken against Steve Jackson that hurt his business and sent a chilling effect to everyone using bulletin boards, and that there were larger principles at stake," said Kapor, contacted at his Cambridge, Mass., office. "We're very happy with the way the case came out," said Shari Steele, who attended the case as counsel for the EFF. "That session with the judge and Tim Foley is what a lawyer dreams about." That session seemed triggered by a riveting cross-examination of Foley by Pete Kennedy, Jackson's attorney. Kennedy forced Foley to admit that the search warrant did not meet even the Service's own standards for a search-and-seizure, and did not establish that Jackson Games was suspected of being involved in any illegal activity. "Agent Foley, it's been almost three years. Has Chris Goggans been indicted? Has Loyd Blankenship been indicted? Has Loyd Blankenship's computer been returned to him?" The purported membership of Jackson Games employee Blankenship in the Legion of Doom hacker's group triggered the raids that day on Jackson Games, Blankenship's home, and that of Goggans, a Houstonian who at the time was a University of Texas student. No charges have been filed, although the computer seized from Blankenship's home -- containing his wife's dissertation -- never has been returned. After the cross-examination, Sparks questioned Foley on a number of key details before and after the raid, focusing on the holes in the search warrant, why Jackson was not allowed to copy his work in progress after it was seized, and why his computers were not returned after the Secret Service analyzed them, a process completed before the end of March. "The examination took seven days, but you didn't give Steve Jackson's computers back for three months. Why?" asked an incredulous Sparks. "So here you are, with three computers, 300 floppy disks, an owner who was asking for it back, his attorney calling you, and what I want to know is why copies of everything couldn't be given back in days. Not months. Days. "That's what makes you mad about this case." The Justice Department contended that Jackson Games is a manufacturer, and that only journalistic organizations can call upon the Privacy Protection Act. It contended that the ECPA was not violated because electronic mail is not "intercepted" when a BBS is seized. This argument rests on a narrow definition of interception.

@_date: 1993-02-26 11:55:13
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: DES 
My take on breaking DES would be to just try all 2**56th keys on a massively parallel machine, though there may be better approaches.

@_date: 1993-02-28 14:22:39
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: EFF Speaks to CIA 
A substantial number of you have probably seen this already, but if it
missed--well, it is worth reading.  Keith Henson
Remarks of John Perry Barlow
to the First International Symposium on National Security & National Competitiveness McLean, Virginia
December 1, 1993
I can't tell you the sense of strangeness that comes over someone who earns his living writing Grateful Dead songs, addressing people who earn their livings as many of you do, especially after hearing the last speaker. If you don't appreciate the irony of our appearing in succession, you have no sense of irony at all. You and I inhabit very different worlds, but I am pleased to note, as my presence here strongly suggests, these two worlds may be growing closer.
The reason I am here has absolutely nothing to do with the Grateful Dead. I'm here because I met a fellow named Mitch Kapor in 1989. Despite obvious differences, I felt as if we'd both been up in the same saucer or something...that we shared a sense of computers being more than just better adding machines or a better typewriters. We saw that computers, connected together, had the capacity to create an environment which human beings could and did inhabit.
Yesterday, I was encouraged to hear evidence that [former Presidential Science Advisor] Dr. Jay Keyworth and [Conference Organizer and former CIA agent] Robert Steele, might have been up in that saucer too. The people who share this awareness are natives of the future. People who have a hard time with it may always be immigrants.
When Mitch and I saw that computers had created a place, we started asking some questions about what kind of place it was....what were the operating terms and conditions of this place, what kinds of people already lived there, who was going to inhabit it, what was going on in it, did it have a name?
We decided to name it Cyberspace, after Bill Gibson's description of a futuristic place rather like it which we found in his novel Neuromancer. Rather than being a figment of Bill's imagination, we felt that Cyberspace was already up and Indeed, if you're having trouble with the concept, ask yourself where phone conversation takes place. That's right. Cyberspace is where you are when you're on the phone. It's also where most of your money is, unless you keep it in Krugerands buried out in the garden...which I suppose some folks in this room might just do. It's also...and I think this is very important... the place where the greater part of the world's business is happening now. So it's a highly significant locale, and yet it's invisible to most of the people who are in it every day of their lives. I believe it was Marshall McLuhan who said, "We don't know who it was that discovered water, but we're pretty sure it wasn't a fish..."
In any case, when EFF first got together, our principal concern was making certain the U.S. Constitution applied to Cyberspace. We could see the government, specifically the Secret Service, taking actions which made it obvious that they didn't quite get it. They didn't seem to be acting out of malice, but they were, at best, differently clued. They clearly didn't understand that the First Amendment applied as certainly to bytes as it did to ink on paper.
At the time we thought that we could just hire a few nasty civil liberties lawyers from New York to put the fear of God in them, and that would be that. But it's been like tugging at a thread on your sweater, where you begin to pull, and pretty soon you have more thread on the ground than on your back. It turns out that there are questions raised in this environment to which we don't have good answers. Indeed, it turns out that this is a place where the First Amendment...along with just about every other law on the planet...is a local ordinance. There are no clean jurisdictional boundaries. This is a place which may always be outside the law. This may be an unwelcome concept, but it is true, and it is something we will all have to grapple with as society moves into the virtual world.
I believe you folks in the Intelligence Community are going to be  challenged by these issues as directly as anyone. This is because intelligence, and especially the CIA and NSA, are supposed to work under stern guidelines intended to separate the domestic from the foreign. You're not supposed to be conducting domestic surveillance. Well, in Cyberspace, the difference between domestic and foreign, in fact the difference between any country and any other country, the difference between us and them, is extremely blurry. If it exists at all...
This is also an economic environment in which everyone seems to be everywhere at once. I hear you're becoming interested in protecting American Business from foreign espionage. But against this "everywhereness" it becomes very difficult to say, "Alright, this is our guy, this is General Motors, we're going to take care of his interests." Nothing is so cleanly delineated.
These are a few of the fundamental changes which arise as a result of literally moving out of the world of experience and onto the map of information. Another one which is especially pertinent to the people in this room, is what happens when you have direct e-mail access to every member of your This can have a terrifically decentralizing effect on structure. It weakens hierarchy. It flattens the organization. It can create one hell of a lot of confusion, even as it speeds response time. There are in this room representatives of some tall and rigid outfits. Prepare for the possibility that your organization is about to go all flat and squishy due to tenderizing influence of We are also looking at a complete redefinition of ownership and property. I mean, we now have the mind as our principle source of commercial goods. At last it seems we can we can really get something for nothing. As recently as fifteen years ago all new wealth derived from minerals extraction or agriculture. Everything else was simply passing it around. No longer must you rip your goods from the ground. You don't have to wait for the sun to grow some. New wealth can be had by just sitting around and rubbing some facts together...essentially what you folks have been doing all along. This economy of virtual substance is a fundamental change and one which you can exploit if you're willing. We're also looking at some fundamental shifts in the nature of property. This is going to be relevant to you as you move into a more open interaction with the rest of the world. In an information economy, much depends on the sanctity of copyright. But copyright, it turns out, derives most of its force from the physical manifestation of intellectual property.  Copyright protects expression, the thing that happens when you print a book or press a record. In Cyberspace, you don't get that manifestation. It never goes physical.
So the bottles we have been relying on for the protection of our intellectual goods are disappearing, and, since we've been selling bottles and not wine all along, we will soon have a lot of wine and nothing to put it in. Interesting problems will arise. They're already upon us. In any case, when EFF saw the multitude of things going on in this arena, we battened ourselves down for the long haul, and we are dealing with a whole range of issues, including the Open Platform initiative. Which is our effort to try to deploy something like universal data service. We believe that the best thing that could happen for the American economy, and actually the best thing that could happen for liberty on the Planet Earth, would be to make everyone capable of jacking in if they want to. We find that other countries are lagging in this. For example, the Japanese see absolutely no use for high speed personal data connections. The folks at NTT certainly can't see any reason to trade their 70,000 operators on digital switches. So we have a significant leg up on the Japanese that is not well known in this country. Another thing that we are working on is the FBI's Digital Telephony proposal which is, as you may know, the idea that we should stop all telecommunications progress in this country in order to accommodate the FBI is just amazing to me, and yet it somehow manages to live on Congress. Also, for those of you whose badges say U.S. Government [code for National Security Agency], we are trying to overturn NSA's data encryption embargo. It's our position that trying to embargo software is like trying to embargo wind. This is a fact that you are going to have to come to grips with. Digitized information is very hard to stamp "classified" or keep contained. This stuff is incredibly leaky and volatile. It's almost a life form in its ability to self-propagate. If something hits the Net...and it's something which people on there find interesting...it will spread like a virus of the mind. I believe you must simply accept the idea that we are moving into an environment where any information which is at all interesting to people is going to get out. And there will be very little that you can do about it. This is not a bad thing in my view, but you may differ...
I'm going to talk a little bit now about the very nature of information. This conference, I must say, has blown me away. I had no idea there were people in your [the intelligence] community talking about these things. I am pleased and gratified by the folks I have met here and talked to personally, but I want to reiterate Dr. Keyworth's phrase yesterday: which is that government, especially American government, must end its obsession with secrecy.
We must do so because we are engaged in...and I don't want to use the word warfare here...we are engaged in a form of economic competition where our principal advantage is our ability to distribute information. It is not our ability to conceal Perhaps this has always been true. Let me tell you a story. Last year, I was addressing the computer security establishment at the Department of Energy. These are the people in charge of protecting the computers that nuclear weapons get designed The other keynote speaker at this conference was, uh, Edward Teller. [Laughter.] Yeah, well, I was pretty sure if evil walked the planet, its name was Edward Teller. Anyway, I got up and said that I wasn't sure that DOE's secrecy was an asset. I wasn't going to say that it was a liability, so much as beside the point. After all, I know how to make an atomic bomb. You give me five and a half pounds of weapons grade plutonium and a week in my garage and I'll give you a nuclear weapon. It will be dirty, but it will work. The problem for anyone who wants to do this is that they can't get enough industrial capacity ginned up to create the plutonium. I mean, I just can't get my high temperature gas diffusion centrifuges to work. Indeed, it takes a whole society to put them together, even if the design information is available. It is not the information, which is readily available, that is crucial. It is the ability to execute that is the critical factor.
I was interested to see how Dr. Teller would respond to that. To my surprise and satisfaction, he got up and agreed with me completely. He went on to say that he had never found a nuclear secret that the Russians could not obtain within a year of its development. Where they couldn't compete with us was in the areas where we were wide open. He cited the electronics industry, saying that at the end of World War II, we were about 20 years ahead of the Russians in nuclear weapons design, and roughly neck and neck in the electronics.
Both sides entered a closed program on nuclear weapons design. And we went into a wild free-for-all in electronics. I mean, you should know that in the computer business, there are so many loose lips, you actually have to really try not to learn what you competitor is up to. Computer scientists are the meetingest bunch of people you ever saw, and when they meet, they tell one anther everything.
The results of this approach speak for themselves. As Dr. Teller pointed out, by the time the Russians quit being a threat, they had moved to a position of parity with us in nuclear weapons, but they were 25 to 30 years behind us in electronics.
I suspect one reason for this conference is to figure out how you guys are going to make your living now that the Party's Over. I believe the Intelligence Community still has a role. We are entering the Information Age. And Information, after all, is what you do. You have an edge in the field, and I would hate to see you blow your lead. But there are some serious issues about information which must be dealt with, and they have almost nothing to do with whether it is open or closed.  The real questions regarding information relate to usability...whether or not it is meaningful, whether or not it is relevant, whether or not it accurate, whether or not it is genuinely useful. There is, for example, an enormous amount of information on the Net. But the signal-to-noise ratio on the net is terrible. There's an awful lot of racket. So I suppose you do get a kind of secrecy, rather as in those fancy restaurants with the highly reflective walls, where you can hear the people shouting at you at your table, but you can't make out what anyone else is saying for the hub-bub. It's the intimacy of white noise. You folks have some expertise in an important function: sorting out that which is relevant from the huge spray of data that is coming at everyone. That is an important problem that is largely overlooked...so far the software solutions to it don't strike me as being much good. We talk about "smart agents" but they aren't smart, they're pretty dumb. You send them out and they return with too much.
The problem is that the difference between data and information is meaning, something machines know little of. To determine whether data are meaningful, whether they are, in fact, information, you must pass them through a human mind. There is also a question of authority, reliability, and bias. For example, I think one of the things you will find in using open sources is that most media are intentionally designed to evoke a fearful response in the reader. I mean, fear sells, as well you know. Perhaps you have an important role in certifying the reliability of materials in open circulation. Perhaps you are already engaged in it. I recently got a call from a friend who is an expert on computer networking in the Confederation of Independent States, or whatever they call what's left of the Evil Empire these days. He was in a terrible state. He said, "I just got visited by the CIA, I don't know what to do. They showed up and wanted to know all about my most recent report. I'm afraid they're going to try to make me a CIA agent!" A scary thought, eh? I told him, "Look, it seems to me you already are a CIA agent." They're just trying to figure out if you're a good one!" We may find that there are many CIA agents, of widely varying reliability. The real CIA agents will have the subtler job of finding out which of them is telling the truth.
The most important problem which the intelligence community must now confront relates to your own bureaucratic sclerosis and the pace at which information moves through your honeycomb of secrecy. The future, as IBM is learning, will be to the supple and swift and not necessarily to the mighty.
In a world moving as rapidly as this one, information becomes incredibly time sensitive. Even if you do...as I think you absolutely must...eliminate the unnecessary classification within and without your organizations, you still have all the cumbersome buffers of bureaucracy to contend with. As I was preparing these remarks, I considered coming in here and suggesting that you break up the CIA into about five different private companies and go into business. That's probably too good an idea to implement. But it seems worthy of consideration. There is something that happens to your sense of urgency when you have a bottom line. You know that if you don't deliver, someone else will, which might be exactly the though to leave you on.
I would like to thank you very much for your indulgence of an entirely different perspective. I've genuinely enjoyed this opportunity to get to know you.

@_date: 1993-02-28 23:22:10
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: more annoying philosophizing on anonymity 
Re this thread, and picking up a current theme, what do you think would
happen if a message claiming to be responsible for the WTC blast came
through an anon remailer?  Keith Henson

@_date: 1993-06-03 12:01:24
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: Hardware vs software 
RE this topic, there are methods (Merkle's for example) where you can get
multiple megabytes per second through a good encryption algorithm in a CPU.  DES is kind of optimised for doing it in hardware, so don't take
how slow it is in software as the limit for good encryption.  Keith
(Gnu posted the paper a long time ago in sci.crypt, but I don't know if
I can find it on my newer system.)

@_date: 1993-06-05 08:17:28
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: DISKREET--Norton 
Norton might let interested people exhamine the code, far as I know
nobody has asked, but one mode is DES.  It seems to me if Norton
were ok, you could encrypt with Norton and decrypt with any other
hardware/software implimention of DES.  Unless Norton does something
really dumb like stashing the key on disk somewhere, it would seem
to me that this would varify Norton doing DES per the book.  Have
I missed something?  Keith

@_date: 1993-06-09 22:49:26
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: CERT reply regarding their emails 
Interesting response from CERT!  I suspect that they will be more
careful in sending out form letters to places where there could
be edgy people.  Keith

@_date: 1993-06-13 18:05:22
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: alt.whistleblowing 
Can an alt.group be moderated?  If so, the moderator could be through
an anon remailer.  Of course, bozos can still add their sig line. :)

@_date: 1993-06-24 00:05:33
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: Timothy C. May:superhacker 
A lot of people are afraid to ask if the goverment keeps files on them--
because they would be disapointed to find out that they have never done
anything to warrant the government opening a file on them.  I have never
asked the feds, but I had an interesting experience with what a reporter
had been given suposedly from a local police file.  During a time I was
starting a business (and had no time for such nonsense even if I had been
so inclined) they had me pegged as the leader of a local group of eco
terriorist who were buring down houses to contain "urban sprawl."  I
felt the file (I did not get a copy) was real, because I could remember
a few things from several years previous I had done while under survailance,
but, gad, I didn't even *know* any of the bozos who were eventually
caught.  At least in that case, the quality of the data in my file
was complete nonsense.  Keith

@_date: 1993-06-25 21:05:20
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: triggerfish 
Brian D Williams  wrote (re TRIGGERFISH):
My guess would be that it can't be done.  Just getting up in a
light aircraft with a cell phone is instructive.  With every
cell site in 50 miles being about the same distance (even from LEO) I don't think you could pick out a single conversation.
On the other hand, with enough directionality . . . . nah, the
antenna would be a monster.

@_date: 1993-05-03 08:12:35
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: RISKS DIGEST 14.54 
This issue of comp.risks has a rather lengthy posting by DD.  The moderator commented (re the wiretap chip) "there has been essentially
no other topic of concern for the past week . . . ."  Considering
the wide range of topics covered here, that is quite a statement!

@_date: 1993-05-03 08:12:43
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: Tough Choices: PGP vs. RSA Data Security 
re paying a reasonable license fee, I wonder if RSA would cash my check
for (say) $10 if I wrote on the check that it was for a license for whatever they might claim on PGP.  One wonders what they would do with
several hundred checks.  :)  Keith

@_date: 1994-12-05 11:31:23
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: AA BBS - Thomases are going to jail... 
We have a Problem . . .  H. Keith Henson Part of the Federal Government's law enforcement mechanism is under the control of the Religious Right.  By reaching out thousands of miles through cyberspace connections, the RR is using Federal power to suppress constitutionally protected activities which they find offensive. I expect the RR people involved feel that what they are doing is fair return for Federal power being used to suppress the school Christmas pageant in a thousand sleepy little towns in middle America--and less dangerous than offing abortion doctors, or killing gays. Most of you reading these groups are familiar with the AA BBS case.  In a nutshell, a postal inspector in Memphis called Amateur Action BBS in California, downloaded a dozen files, ordered other stuff, shipped the sysop some unsolicited kiddy porn, then arrested the sysop (Robert Thomas) and his wife (Carleen) for kiddy porn and (by Memphis standards) obscenity.  They were tried in Memphis last summer by an obviously biased court.  (The judge and prosecutor made no attempt to hide their longstanding mutual admiration.)  The Memphis jury found the sysop and his wife guilty of obscenity, but even they couldn't buy the kiddy porn charges, and acquitted on that charge.  Friday (Dec. 2, 1994), in the worst perversion of justice I have ever witnessed, the sysop and his wife were sentenced to three years. They were lucky to get that little time. I got a look at the pre-sentencing report.  (I may be able to post some of it later.)  The recommended sentence included about twice this amount of time based on the kiddy porn charge they were *acquitted* of.  Those reports are simply *amazing*.  They cover family members and history out a generation or so in all directions, not to mention school, medical records, tax filings, and any police record--even if you were found innocent!  It seems to be the function of these things to put your entire life in the worst possible light. Someone should take the form and do one for Christ just prior to the Crucifixion.  It would run something like:    ". . . questionable father, . . low class occupation (carpenter), .    . . accused of impersonating a doctor by healing sick, . . . known    to associate with low class persons, . . . travels about    (vagabond), . . ." Back to the problem. I find the situation intolerable--without having a clear idea of how to deal with it. With little more effort (though a lot more skill than the postal inspector demonstrated) the RR-controlled Feds can create crime and venue problems for just about anyone running a BBS or net node. Certainly *any* system which carries alt.sex.* is subject to the same treatment by the Religious Right (in the guise of the Memphis Feds) as AA BBS.  In fact, the very .gifs that were found obscene in Memphis were made "freely distribute," by Robert and have been posted *many* times to the net. Could we use economic retaliation?  I won't use Federal Express any more because it and Graceland (and the cat houses near Graceland) seem to be the economic mainstays of Memphis.  Unfortunately, even a very effective economic boycott is not going to have an effect on the zealots, and depressing that area further might make it an even *more* repressive backwater because the last of the intelligent/tolerant people would move out.  On the other hand, economic pressures might induce the more sensible part of the community to pressure the zealots into being more tolerant (at least of people 3 time zones away!).  In recent years economic pressure has induced two states to change laws.  A positive sign that economic pressure might be effective is that the local newspaper did *not* support the prosecution.  Research question:  Why did the Memphis Feds back off after the Deep Throat trials? Is the law any help?  After nearly a year of watching the process, I am *quite* pessimistic.  In its own way, the court system is deeply corrupt.  I think even the RR folks know this is a political case and not a criminal one.  In political cases, leaving a person out on bail during appeal is normal, but in this case, it is very much in the government's interest to have Robert out of circulation so he cannot pursue the Electronic Communication Privacy Act suit and other causes of action against them in civil court.  Robert's motion for bail during appeal was denied.
Are there political routes?  Yes, but chancy.  It is possible that a  political fight with the RR might backfire and result in heavy restrictions on the nets.  Coming down hard on the nets would be very popular with the Administration forces after the Clipper debacle.  The power of the net to organize political force must be quite worrying to those in power. (It is clear to me that modern day revolutions, anywhere in the world, and peaceful or not, would be organized through the net.  In some places this has already happened.)  It may be that a general cutting down on the powers of the Federal Government is in order.  This has pros and cons, and support (in some areas) even from the RR.  How *does* one shrink the unshrinkable?  Tax revolts (in the form of massive political pressure) seem to come about when the tax rates get as high as they are now.  Another possibility is that the formation of private money may greatly shrink the ability of governments everywhere to collect taxes. Should people start thinking about direct action?  I hope we don't come to this!  There is nothing I can think of worse than arousing the technically knowledgeable to take the infrastructure apart.  Problem is that pinpoint damage (like taking the 901 area code down for a few days or weeks) is somewhere between impossible and probably impossible.  (Though ATT managed to take down their entire phone network for a day with a missing "case" statement.) Your thoughts and suggestions would be appreciated.  Please post encrypted through a remailer chain if you absolutely *must* post ideas about the last paragraph!

@_date: 1994-02-03 12:34:46
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: San Jose BBS subject to Memphis standards? 
Just got word a few minutes ago that Robert Thomas (who ran Amateur Action BBS) and his wife were picked up on a Federal warrant for obscenity from Memphis, TN.  From what I hear from a local Postal inspector, they are going to extradited to TN to face charges there because the Feds have a choice of trying a person at either end of a transaction. This really sucks! I find it akin to busting a pron shop owner in New York for one of his customers taking "filthy pictures" back to Hicksvill. In operation Longarm the Feds argued that the person downloading stuff was responsible for knowing if it was illegal.  This at least makes some sense.  But, if BBS owners have to be responsible for knowing the what is considered obscene in all 50 states and each locality, then the onramps to the Information Superhighway are going to be choked off by the most backwater places in the country! Keith Henson (The entire tale of AA has been posted.  I can repost if more than a few want it.)
The above was widely posted, this below is going to the cypherpunks list only.  (for all the protection that may provide :) )
I have rather mixed feeling about the feds making these kinds of busts.  I sort of wish they would not try to apply obscenity standards from the least enlightened parts of the country to all of the net community.  ON the other hand, the serious adult bbs owners have enough computing resources (and now a strong motivation!) that encrypting, digital payments, "webs of trust," DC nets, etc. can be implemented at relatively low cost to them.  If the feds persist, I suspect that adult bbs's are where--for all the trouble it may later cause--cypherpunk code will *really* get wide use. If you have things on which you want further information, please cc me by email as well as sending it to the list.  I recently took on running Xanadu Operating Company, and am days behind reading the list Keith Henson

@_date: 1994-02-12 17:51:09
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: The Clipper connection 
If I may boil down one side of the Clipper/Capstone debate, it is certain members of the government saying:     "We need to implement this encryption method so as to avoid problems we think may be coming.  Trust us!  We promise not to abuse your privacy."  [except for the following--expandable--list of reasons.]     Unlike some in this debate, I do not doubt the sincerity of Dorothy Denning or others like her.  And I would have a lot fewer problems with Clipper/Capstone proposal if the people who will be granting access to the keys and those with legal access to the keys were of Dorothy's caliber.     However, people of good will are not likely to be the ones who apply for these keys to your privacy in the future.  I am right in the middle of a case which has remarkable similarities to a Clipper "request for keys."     Full details have been posted to comp.eff.talk and misc.legal, but in brief summery, a Postal Inspector from Tennessee is attempting (for political reasons) to impose the obscenity standards of that region on an adult BBS run from Milpitas (just North of San Jose).  To this end, he obtained a warrant to take the BBS hardware.  Because of contained email and First Amendment activities of a BBS, subpoenas, not warrants, are required under two sections of federal law.  The laws are Title 42, Section 2000aa, and Title 18 Section 2701, the same ones which were applied in the well-known Steve Jackson Games case.     Pointers to these federal laws were *posted* on the BBS.  The postal inspector downloaded this file (most of which *I* originally wrote), and *included* it in his affidavit for a search warrant to a Magistrate-Judge in San Francisco, along with a remarkably weak theory of how he could avoid application of these laws to himself.      To obtain a warrant to take email and 2000aa materials, a number of judicial findings should have been made.  None were.  The postal inspector got his warrant, mailed child pornography to the BBS, served the warrant, and "found" the child porn.  To give you an idea of the good will (and competence) of the particular agent involved, he had not included the child porn in the warrant, and so had to fill out another document at the time of the search.  On this form he specifically described the material as "sent without his knowledge" (referring to the sysop).  Of course this statement did not prevent this child pornography (in the sysop's house for all of half an hour) from being the basis of one count (of 12) of a grand jury indictment the BBS sysop faces in Tennessee.     This warrant example applies to the Clipper situation.      The risk under Clipper is that your private communications will be protected by the *weakest* link in the chain--one of the thousands of low level Magistrate-Judges among whom law enforcement agents shop for warrants and will shop for keys.  These judges tend to be busy, or lazy or both, and they *trust* law enforcement agents.  Even if the law is *directly quoted* in search warrant affidavits or key requests, and these laws *expressly forbid* granting warrants or key requests under the conditions cited, the judge may not even read a lengthy supporting affidavit before approving it.  He is *very* unlikely to consider a the underlying laws when granting a request.  The key escrow agents provide no protection whatsoever since they simply fill orders from agents with approved applications.     Judges ignore the law with impunity, and so do law enforcement agents because one agency will almost never investigate another.     As a practical matter, applications for search warrants are almost never denied.  The same situation is certain to occur for Clipper key applications, no mater how weak the justification happens to be, or what laws are being violated by those seeking the keys. Keith Henson

@_date: 1994-02-19 01:51:06
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: your guess 
dThe other day I was asking myself out loud just what the heck is going on with Bill and Al and their oddly strong support for Clipper.  A voice said ask not *that* question, but who is it that has a *lot* of influence over them, and what three letter agency were they working for a while back?  Hmm.  Could this describe a certain person who decided against being Sec. of Defense?  Very good! said the voice.  Now, what kind of reason could people in the highest positions in the US have for doing things which are rather impolitic and out of character for them?  Well, I said, *I* don't know what kind of pressure might be brought to bare, but "no such agency" *would*.  Do you think they would have the nerve to blackmail a prez?  The voice softly said "Kennedy and Hoover."

@_date: 1994-01-11 10:46:47
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: Bay area BBS bust--fyi 
Eric, please put me back on the list.  Keith
About two years ago I helped a guy from Milpitias (just north of San Jose) deal with a BBS bust at what he described as a "light" porn BBS. The San Jose cops realized shortly that they had really goofed by not considering the ECPA and related laws in their search&seizure.  The result was that they gave his system back after five weeks, and stated in a written release that this guy's activities were within the scope of the law.  The BBS is called Amateur Action, and the sysop's name is Richard Thomas (408-263-1079). A few minutes ago Richard (who I have yet to meet in person) called. A search warrant was being served at that very moment by the US Postal Inspectors, who (with the help of San Jose cops) were packing up his equipment and carting it out--again. Richard managed to get one of these inspectors on the phone with me.  This inspector seemed to be rather knowledgeable of such things as the ECPA, 2000aa, and the Steve Jackson case.  He was completely unconcerned!  He piously stated that it was their intent to bring the system back to Richard within a "few days" and, as a result of the short interruption of user access, and their good intent "not to look at private email," they were completely safe from the provisions of the ECPA.  This postal inspector gave his name as David Dirmeyes, from Tennesse (does this sound like Bible Belt prosecution for pron?) and gave me the name of the US Attorney he was working under, one Dan Newson with a phone of 901-544-4231 in TN (though he stated that the phone # would be of no use because Dan was at a conference for a week).  For what it is worth, the postal people were using the San Jose cops on the bust because they did not have the expertise themselves to move the system and make copies.  According to the investigator, they did not know that they could get a court order to have a backup of the system made on the spot.  It may be that Richard is the target, he said there was a mystery package which came today in the mail today (which his son brought in and his wife opened, but he had not gotten around to seeing what it was) which seemed to the center of the postal inspector's concerns.  (In spite of not meeting him, I suspect Richard may be the kind of smart alec who attracts the attention of cops.) I don't know if this is something of marginal concern to those of us concerned with government abuse of people's computers and communications or a major concern.  I intend to find out more tomorrow, but if the ECPA is applicable, this guy had about 3500 users, over 2k pieces of protected email on his system, plus (I think) agreements with his uses for him to represent them in an ECPA related legal action--two million dollars if I am multiplying right tonight.  (My "Warning to Law Enforcement Agents" was part of his signup screens.) Keith Henson
408-972-1132 hkhenson at cup.portal.com

@_date: 1994-01-11 13:05:18
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: Updated/corrected posting 
About two years ago I helped a guy from Milpitias (just north of San Jose) deal with a BBS bust at what he described as a "light" porn BBS. The San Jose cops realized shortly that they had really goofed by not considering the ECPA and related laws in their search & seizure.  The result was that they gave his system back after five weeks, and stated in a written release that this guy's activities were within the scope of the law.  The BBS is called Amateur Action, and the sysop's name is Robert Thomas (408-263-1079).  Robert's lawyer, Richard Williams's phone number is 408-295-6336.
Last night about 8 pm, Robert (who I have yet to meet in person) called.  A search warrant was being served at that very moment by the US Postal Inspectors, who (with the help of San Jose cops) were packing up his equipment and carting it out--again.  Robert managed to get one of these inspectors on the phone with me.  This inspector seemed to be rather knowledgeable of such things as the ECPA, 2000aa, and the Steve Jackson case.  He stated he was completely unconcerned about their lack of warrants for email!  He piously stated that, because it was their intent to bring the system back within a "few days" and, as a result of the short interruption of user access, and their good intent "not to look at private email," they were completely safe from the provisions of the ECPA.  This postal inspector gave his name as David Dirmeyer, from Tennessee (does this sound like Bible Belt prosecution for pron?) and gave me the name of the US Attorney he was working under, one Dan Newson with a phone of 901-544-4231 in TN (though he stated that the phone # would be of no use because Dan was at a conference for a week).  For what it is worth, the postal inspector said they were using the San Jose cops on the bust because they did not have the expertise themselves to move the system and make copies.  According to the investigator, they did not know that they could get a court order to have a backup of the system made on the spot.  It may be that Robert is the target.  (In spite of not meeting him, I suspect Richard may be the kind of smart alec who attracts the attention of cops.) Robert said there was a mystery package which came today in the mail today (which his son and wife picked up and she opened).  The package turned out to be real honest-to-gosh kiddy porn.  Robert claims not to have ordered it, and considering that his wife picked the (unexpected) package up and opened it, I think this is the actual case.  Robert was busy with system problems that afternoon and had not gotten around to doing anything about the stuff.  The guy who sent it is known as "Lance White," who Robert thinks is one of his BBS members. (As is postal inspector Dirmeyer.)  They had Robert pull all postal correspondence with this guy (video porn orders) from his files and took it with them. Robert thinks the postal folks may be after this guy, and his BBS just got caught in the middle.  An interesting side point is that while they asked for the package which came that day when they came in, they did not have a warrant for it, and said they would have drive over to SF to get one unless he volunteered to give it up.  Robert signed off that they could take it, and they did.  He noted this morning that the original warrant he has was neither signed nor dated, though a judge's name was typed in. I don't know if this is something of marginal concern to those of us concerned with government abuse of people's computers and communications or a major concern.  I intend to find out more, but if the ECPA is applicable, this guy had about 3500 users, over 2k pieces of protected email on his system, plus (I think) agreements with his uses for him to represent them in an ECPA related legal action--two million dollars if I am multiplying right.  (My "Warning to Law Enforcement Agents" was part of his signup screens.) Question for Mike Godwin.  One aspect of this case gives me the shakes. *Anyone* with a grudge (and access to this kind of stuff) can send you a package in the mail and tip off the postal inspectors.  Short of the obvious (don't make enemies!) how can you protect yourself from this kind of attack?
My non-lawyer thoughts:
              Burn it at once!               Call my lawyer.
              Call the cops.
For a while this will be a very serious problem, because *any* of us with readily available morfing tools can make (what looks like) kiddy porn out of legal porn.
Keith Henson 408-972-1132 hkhenson at cup.portal.com

@_date: 1994-01-15 14:13:07
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: update noon 
Update Saturday noon.  Back from seeing Robert's sons and friend pick up his computer equipment and a 10 minute chat with Postal Inspector Dirmeyer, and a San Jose Police officer by the name of Weidner.  At least one point is clear, David Dirmeyer and Lance White are the same person, I simply asked him, and he admitted it. I also found out why he was willing to talk to me during the search.  He figured that
anybody who starts quoting chapter and section from the Federal Code is a lawyer. [Dirmeyer reminds me somewhat of one of my cousins when he was about 18.  My cousin was tall and gangly, and given to putting on a hick act.] Dirmeyer/White seemed completely unconcerned with having generated any liability for the government under the ECPA or the Newspaper Privacy Protection Act (2000aa).  He backed this up by being very proud of getting the system (well, most of it anyway) back to the sysop in under a week.  [The EFF *has* had a positive effect, this is the first time I ever heard of any LEA's caring how long they take to return a computer.]  He was very confident that a judge would dismiss any civil lawsuit brought by the users because of what he perceived as criminal obscenity activities by the sysop.  How actions, criminal or not, of one person (the sysop) cancels the rights of others (email customers) to recover from those who block access to their email is beyond me.  If that did not get them off the hook, they would get out of civil liability claims because they interrupted people's email access for such a short time, as opposed to the lengthy time the Secret Service kept Steve Jackson's BBS.  I can almost quote the relevant sections of the ECPA, and *I* don't remember any time limits under which the civil penalties of law do not apply, "But Judge, I only exceeded the speed limit for a *few* miles!"  I wonder how the Postal Service would react to locking *their* patrons out of a local office and away from their mail boxes for a week? I expressed my hope (as a San Jose resident and taxpayer) to Officer Weidner that the Post Office had agreed to take responsibility for any civil liability arising out of the case.  He was close to uncivil in stating that I had no standing in the case, and it was none of my concern.  He advised me to butt out of being involved in any way.  He asked if I had ever *seen* the material on that BBS, (my answer was no) and expressed the opinion that I would be smeared by it and greatly regret getting involved. Back to Dirmeyer, I asked him about the warrant.  He said what he did is ordinary investigation practice, including sending people unsolicited material and then picking it up under a warrant.  I asked him if the Judge knew, and he assured me the Judge was fully aware that the person getting a warrant for "Lance White's" correspondence was also Lance White.  He also said the Judge was aware of the 2000aa and ECPA issues, and that they were under orders not to look at anything labeled email.  For some reason, this did not reassure me. Robert's sons and a friend got the last pieces of the computer down to the lobby and we parted company with a few comments on my part about Postal Service agents legally sending kiddy porn through the mail, like the Nebraska case recently ruled entrapment by the Supreme Court. Just one minor thing to add.  Because of a persistent back injury, I am on crutches most of the time.  I was making my way across the lobby of the old Post office nearing the doors.  Dirmeyer and Weidner passed me, opened the doors, went through and let them swing shut in my face.  I guess scum like me is below their notice. Keith Henson

@_date: 1994-07-07 22:16:21
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: AA BBS case/update 
[I wrote this for CuD, but decided the issue is urgent enough to post it other places before the next issue comes out.  Apologies to Jim T.] ************* Re File 9 of the 5 July issue of CuD,--Some thoughts on the AA BBS, So far they are making a serious attempt.
I would guess that 90+ percent of the people on the net agree, but they don't control the federal legal and police forces. While the press has been somewhat supportive, they don't get the connection between *their* presses and what an adult BBS provides.  They don't understand the need to defend on the margins *before* you get your heart ripped out.  ("First they came for the Pornographers . . .) Federal courts don't admit TV.  The original bust with its obvious frame up of the sysop was reported on local (Bay area) TV.  None of those involved seem to be embarrassed in the slightest.  (Though Judge Brazil did remove himself from the case after being accused of serious breaches of conduct.) As a follow on what I posted mid January, it turns out that possessing kiddy porn is not a crime in the 9th district.  The Excitement Video case in California ruled the law unconstitutional on appeal.  Newsom (the TN prosecutor) specializes in porn and must have been up on this landmark case.  The case was local to California, so the local prosecutors would have known about it as well.  It has always been a mystery as to why postal inspector Dirmeyer did not have warrant for the kiddy porn he mailed to the sysop just before he came in. We now figure they left it off on purpose because even a corrupt judge who knew about the EV case would not issue a warrant for something he knew was legal!  However, until the Supreme court rules on a case and unifies the law, possession of kiddy porn *is* a crime in the 6th district (where Tennessee is located).  So, the sysop was indicted *there* after being framed for possession in California!  Aside from the frame up, this raises the issue of:  Can someone be charged with a crime in a different district of the country when what they did would not be a crime where it was done?  The feds in Tennessee seem to think they can do it.  (Ah, well.  California has some odd notions of how far they can reach on things like sales and income taxes.)                 Yes Playboy Foundation, no Guccione.  Playboy was marginally helpful.  Does anyone have an address or number for any of those mentioned? Right you are!  This is clearly political/religious persecution. (Does anyone know anything about the Conservative Caucus??)  But what the hell can you do when the courts ignore their own rules and cater to the prosecutors?  The court should dismiss this one on the speedy trial issue alone (40 days over the limit), but the judge has not ruled on several of the defendant's motions to dismiss, such as the NAFTA issue.  The judge and prosecutor seem determined to break the defendant financially.  For example, the last time Richard Williams (the AA BBS lawyer) went to Memphis for a hearing, neither the judge (Gibbons) nor the prosecutor (Newsom) assigned to the case showed up.  All Richard could do was to turn around and come home with $2000 in plane fare and expenses down the drain.  There is a hearing Friday, (July 8, 1994) at which the judge will ask Richard a single question--"are you ready for trial July 18" and to which he will answer "yes."  This could be accomplished by telephone, but the judge said "show up or else."  (Fortunately Richard was able to get a local lawyer to show up in his place and say "yes.")  I very much doubt *they* will be ready for trial, since the judge has not ruled on the motions in anything approaching the time allowed by court rules.  My bet based on watching this business since January is that the judge will stall till the trial starts, rule against all motions, and start a trial which will be overturned on appeal just to break the AA BBS sysop financially.  There seems to be no rules against this vile misuse of judicial power--nor any forum in which you can complain. (Except the media--which is rather reluctant to support anyone whom the government has smeared with the "hot button" of child porn.) I haven't got a clue as to how to do this.  I can't (and neither can anyone else who has tried) even reach Veronica Coleman, the local US Attorney, much less her boss Janet Reno.  Actually, I feel for Clinton because there are likely people who *do* know how to hold his feet to the fire.  My bet is that the NSA/CIA/FIB/XYZ knows (as someone put it on eff.talk) something Hillery does not. I am beginning to think that top politicians should fuck sheep and abuse children on live TV.  Otherwise, those who know about their minor sins have an arm lock on them.  J. Edgar Hoover abused the US Presidents this way for all of his long career. Judge Gibbons *did* rule on this one--denied.  There wouldn't *be* a case in California.  You can buy everything the AA BBS sysop was accused of selling within 10 blocks of the Federal Courthouse in San Francisco. Keith Henson  (who finds that the government disobeying the rules makes him itch!)

@_date: 1994-07-10 18:45:42
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: Framed by another state for a non-crime 
If anyone has a good contact with the ACLU, this is a time to use it!
Lines: 83
DRAFT MOTION
(Note this is not a motion, but an early draft by a non-lawyer --
-me- about one aspect of the AA BBS case.  I have been very
concerned with what I have found about the performance of the
courts.  It has turned out to be a lot worse than I thought. Keith Henson)
On July 8, 1994 Judge Julia Smith-Gibbons, United States District
Court for the Western District of Tennessee in Memphis TN,
verbally ruled that defendant's motion to dismiss (improper venue
based on the North American Free Trade Agreement and others) was
denied.  Her words were that her order denying the motion was "in
the typewriter."  Defendants and defendant's attorney expect (on
the basis of her previous judicial conduct) to be handed the
written order at the time of trial, precluding any interlocutory
appellate remedies.
Defendants Robert and Carleen Thomas are therefore forced to
appeal Judge Gibbon's ruling without an order reduced to writing
and signed by the court.   However, her verbal ruling is "final"
with respect to this issue.
If this interlocutory appeal were delayed until after trial the
Thomases' would be irreparably harmed, even if acquitted.  Not
only would they lose the cost of trial, which could not be
recovered civilly, but they would have to shutdown their business
as it requires part time physical presence.  (Trial in this area
would not be as onerous in that the business could continue to be
operated with a few hours attention each night.)
These motions are being filed in both the Sixth and Ninth Cir-
cuits because the underlying case involves an *assault* on the
authority of the Circuit Courts, and therefore upon the entire
court system.  When the Courts lose their capacity to function
normally it is termed insurrection.  The case at hand may be
close to this state.
As is made clear by attached documents, a *district* court in the
Sixth Circuit is attempting to enforce authority over persons and
property in the Ninth Circuit on the basis of a manufactured
The gross inequity performed by law enforcement agents in
manufacturing the child pornography charge could be proved at
trial, but the *law* on which the "crime" is based (Title 18,
Section 2252 of the Federal Code) has been ruled "unconstitutio-
nal on its face" in the Ninth Circuit (US vs X-citement Video,
Inc., 982 Federal Reporter Second Edition, page 1285, Dec. 16,
1992).  At the time of the search of the Thomas's home and
business, (January 10, 1994) this statute *could not* be used to
prosecute *any* person in the Ninth Circuit because it is an
unconstitutional law, and unenforceable.  (Judge Gibbons was
notified on June 22, 1994 of these facts.)
On January 26, 1994 a Federal Grand Jury in Memphis Tennessee
returned an indictment against Robert Thomas citing section 2252,
a section which *could not be applied* by any Ninth Circuit
District Court to a citizen in that circuit or any other Circuit. (There were other sections cited including section 2256 calling
for forfeiture of tens of thousands of dollars of computer hardware to the Tennessee authorities, and possibly the sysops home, car, etc.) The effect--if a district court in one section of the country is
allowed to charge citizens on laws ruled unconstitutional in the
Circuit where they live--is to completely undermine the authority
of all the Circuit courts in the country.  This case is about
liberty and property, but taken to the extreme, a person could be
removed from his home by a District Court operating in another
part of the country and executed.
This appeal is about nothing less than the authority of *any*
Federal court to protect the life, liberty and property of any
citizen of the United States.
If this appeal is not granted, it will show that the District
courts can ignore another Circuit's laws and do anything they
want with a citizen's life, liberty and property.  It will show
that the Circuit courts do not have the authority to protect
life, liberty, or property for the people within their circuit,
and ultimately will undermine the courts ability to protect any
inhabitant of the United States.
(Net.folks--please comment!)

@_date: 1994-07-29 18:52:14
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: article for cypherpunks 
Tim, could you pass this on?  If not just can it.  thanks, keith
This is in reference to postings by Patrick May and Hal Finney on controlling what kids see on the net. My oldest daughters are mid 20s, the youngest is preteen.  The older ones were prodigious and early readers.  When they were growing up the house was full of Penthouse or worse (we rented rooms to university students) and they had free access to a large collection of the *worst* of the underground comics, stuff by R. Crum and S. Clay Wilson.  If you have never see these, perhaps one title, _Captain Pissgums and his Pervert Pirates_ will give you the flavor.  They read *all* of them, plus all of my old collection of Mad Magazines, many SF  books, and during those years I read them the Tolkien books--twice.   We did not have TV for most of those years, so they did a lot more  reading than the average kids.  At the time (early to mid 70s) it  never occurred to me to try to control what they were reading.  They turned out fine, I consider them responsible adults.  However,  there is one story from those days which shows that they *were*  influenced by such an environment.  Once on their way home from grade  school (5th and 3rd I think), they were accosted by a flasher.  Now,  they *knew* about flashers--from the comic books.  Was this a traumatic  experience to find one in (so to speak) the flesh?  Nope.  I found out  about it when I heard them grousing that the flasher had bugged out  when they asked him to stay while they rounded up a bunch of their  friends to see the flasher! If parents want to *try* to keep their kids away from certain material  on or off the nets, I don't have a problem with that.  But as far as I  have ever been able to determine, there is not much point in doing so. I asked Tim to post this for me because at the moment I don't need any  more problems :)

@_date: 1994-06-12 10:14:20
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: NAFTA and crypto 
An amusing possibility has cropped up.  While looking at a motion
to dismiss the AA BBS (porn) case, it dawned on me that the same
aggument might apply to exporting crypto.  Namely NAFTA seems to
have negated laws which interfear with free trade (with some minor
exceptions).  I will post the full text of the motion to the list
later today or tomarrow.  Keith

@_date: 1994-03-02 00:23:38
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: fyi 
Sorry to inflict this *DRAFT* copy of a letter on the net, but I have begun to feel rather paranoid--the kind of feeling you get from stepping into deep water and being among sharks.  (I wonder if Danny C. would have done better if he had kept the net informed as he went along?)  I have been told that the court clerks and judge's secrataries (who work for the Justice Departement, and are not really under the control of the Judges) do abuse-of-process favors like thoes reported below for the US Attorneys all the time.  When the name spellings and facts get checked, I plan to print it out, put on my suit, and hand deliver it to the Judge Patel in open court.  I hope to report in a day or so.
H. Keith Henson 799 Coffey Ct. San Jose, CA  95123 408-972-1132 Judge Marilyn Patel Northern District of California 450 Golden Gate Ave., 19th Floor San Francisco, CA  94102 March 1, 1994
Dear Judge Patel:
     As a friend of the court, I suggest you look into the actions of your clerks.  It appears they withhold information from you and play games with your calendar.      Last Thursday, Richard Williams (a lawyer from San Jose) made telephone contact with Ms Moriyama in the clerk's office.  He had a motion to file for return of property and suppression of evidence in a case which itself involves a report of fraud on Judge Brazil to obtain a search warrant.       Ms Moriyama told him that the motion could be placed on the calendar of your court for Monday, February 28, 1994 at 2:30 pm if he could get the motion filed early Friday morning.  Mr. Williams had the motion filed by courier with the clerks office by about 9 am last Friday.  He fully expected to be before your court Monday at 2:30.  I learned of the hearing Friday and made plans to be there myself since my affidavit is part of this motion.  Two of Mr. William's staffers talked to Ms Moriyama last Thursday, and are prepared to testify as to her agreement to putting the motion on your calendar, though the option was left open that you might shift it to some other department at the same hour.      Monday about 10 am, Ms Moriyama called Mr. Williams saying she had no copy of the motion (two were filed) and denying that she had even agreed to put this matter on your calendar, or even that she had talked to Mr. Williams or his staff the previous week.  She tried to get the matter placed before Judge Brenin, and when told that a Magistrate-Judge was unacceptable, she got the motion hearing placed  on Judge Caulfield's calendar one day before the matter is to be moved to Tennessee, inflicting great costs and business damage upon the plaintiffs.  While talking to Judge Caulfield's clerk on Monday, Mr. Williams was told that the US attorney had ordered the clerks to remove the motion from your calendar after it had been scheduled!      Though I do not know that Judge Brazil ever saw the letter I wrote to him, one of his staff called me and left a long message (which I preserved) on my answering machine.  In it, the staffer stated that it was not a Judge's role to investigate the fraud perpetrated on his court to which I had directed his attention, and that I should contact the US attorney if I wished the matter to be investigated.  Given that the US attorney has manipulated your calendar to prevent these very matters from being brought to the attention of your court, I believe this approach would be akin to getting a fox to guard the henhouse.      I have never considered myself a naive person.  In spite of this, I have always felt that the judiciary in this country was honest.  I still feel this way, but how effective can an honest judge be when their information channels are completely controlled by one party in a case?      Sincerely,      H. Keith Henson

@_date: 1995-02-01 01:27:27
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: Surety (authentication) 
Thanks to all of you who replied to my request.  I have what I needed.  Keith

@_date: 1995-01-21 15:34:52
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: AA BBS report 
I have been keeping the net up on the AA BBS case since it started
last year.  Latest news (1/21/95) is that bail during appeal was
denied by the Sixth Circuit, and that Robert is to report to federal prison Feb. 8, in Springfield, MO to serve 3 years, one month.  I have no doubt that picking a place that far from his home and family was done on purpose as part of the punishment.  Question for Mike Godwin:
Who pays transport from Springfield back to Utah so Robert can be present for the bogus kiddy porn trial in a few months?  Also being in prison will make it nearly impossible for him to prepare the .gif files his lawyer wants to present in his defense. They set the date (July 12) and place (Dublin, CA) for Carleen (Robert's wife).  She is to serve 2 years, 2 months.  I think the reason they are letting her start later is so she can be present when their oldest son graduates from high school.
AA BBS is still up, and may well stay up for the whole time Robert is in prison.  He has no other way to support his family or pay for legal defense.  Also, outside of western TN, OK, Utah, and other backwards places, what he is selling is legal--even protected under the First Amendment.  (Though some of it *is* kinda gross :-) ) AA BBS is up to about 25,000 files.  There is a good chance that they will be available through the internet at some point.
Trying to control information in the network age is about as sucessful as pissing into the wind.  Keith Henson

@_date: 1995-01-31 08:41:21
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: commercial authecation 
Some time ago (perhaps even two years back) I seem to remember
discussion here--or in a related area--about a service some former
Bell Labs people were offering.  It was a time stamp/authentication
service which depended in part on publishing of a hash in a paper
of record.  I now find I have need for this service.  Pointers to
this service (by email) would be much appreciated.  Keith Henson

@_date: 1996-04-13 20:30:23
@_author: hkhenson at cup.portal.com 
@_subject: Federal Court Friday for Henson 
Lines: 248
To those who have not been following the antics of the Scientologists in their epic battle with the Net, and various cryonicist, extropians, cypherpunks, pensfa, kabuki, and bay area folks: After a Temporary Restraining Order was issued against well known net.person Grady Ward by the Scientologists, I looked up one of the forbidden documents on the news spool, commented on the criminal aspects of the contents, and posted it to the net. A week later *I* was served with a 3 inch stack of legal papers.
There will be a hearing for me in Federal court, Friday, April 12,  sometime between about 9:30 and 11:30.  It might be kind of fun, since I am starting by trying to get the judge to disqualify himself.
If you want to know *way* too much about this subject, the meat of the
court filings are at:
  And here is the my posting (sanitized), a threat letter, and my
response.  Sorry for the spam and the short notice. Wide distribution, especially to news media encouraged.  Keith Henson
H. Keith Henson
San Jose, CA 95123
Ronald M. Whyte, Federal Judge
Northern District of California
San Jose, CA
Open Letter to Judge Whyte
Dear Judge Whyte:
In the company of perhaps 100,000 other people (the readers of the Usenet newsgroups alt.religion.scientology, alt.activism, alt.2600, comp.org.eff.talk, and misc.legal), I read the TRO against Mr. Grady Ward and "all persons in active concert."  Was it your intent for this order to apply to random persons on the Internet such as myself?  If so, I believe the TRO is a violation of my First Amendment rights to discuss the criminal activities of the cult of Scientology. Upon reading the TRO you approved, I sorted the list of documents  attached and ran a text search on the news spool on one of my accounts to see if any of these documents were there.  Some were-- though it is impossible to tell if they are the real thing or not.  I pulled out the first one which came up.  I had not been inclined to look at this material before (it's *boring*), but your TRO inspired me.  Assuming this is real, I can see why the "Church" of Scientology is trying to suppress this material.  If carried out, the instructions in this particular bulletin amount to *criminal* acts, to wit, the practice of medicine without a license.  I reproduce this widely available document in its entirety for your edification. [snip all but name, I an under a TRO not to disclose the contents.]
Please note that point 4 states that this process of "blowing BTs" cures illness.  The phrases "cease to read" and "no longer read" refer to "auditing" with an E-meter.  The "Church" of Scientology is under Court orders stemming from FDA actions in the early 1970s against making such claims involving the use of E-meters.  This bulletin (assuming it is real) is written evidence of the level of contempt the "Church" of Scientology has for the Courts.  Scientology even has policies on using the court system to abuse critics and former members. Forbidding discussion of this particular document, including quoting
it entirely, is clearly against the public interest as well as a
violation of my First Amendment rights.  Unless, of course, copyright law can be used to prevent disclosure of instructions for criminal activity. With respect to "all persons in active concert,"  I have certainly been sympathetic to the ideals Mr. Ward espouses, and felt much of the rage he must have felt when (as he puts it) the "criminal cult of Scientology" sent Gene Ingram, a wanted felon, to obtain pictures of Mr. Ward's children from his mother by deceit.  For what reason did the "Church" of Scientology need pictures of Mr. Ward's children?  Were they planning a kidnapping or was this just a tactic of intimidation?  This would certainly be an interesting question for you to skillfully ask of the members of the law firm which paid Mr. Ingram for this particular service.  They will be in your court Friday. I know that taking a stand against Scientology is likely to subject me and my family to the same abuse Mr. Ward has experienced.  But there comes a point where people of good will *must* stand up to criminals--even to those who are experts in using the courts to harass.  If you think I am being too harsh in this matter, I can supply you with nearly unlimited affidavits and court findings which show a consistent pattern of criminal behavior for this cult over decades of time.  Friday I will provide to you a letter from Mr. Arnie Lerma to Judge Brinkma about the stunts pulled on Mr. Lerma in a related case. Many of those who read these news groups are outside of the US, and thus not subject to your authority.  I, however, am local to San Jose and will be in your court Friday morning.  It is my position that the public interest in this matter should override *all commercial* copyright concerns.  The entire corpus of material the "Church" of Scientology is trying to keep from public view is so at odds with what cult victims are told when they are suckered into it as to constitute fraud--thinly disguised as "religion."  On the other hand, if you feel the TRO *does* preclude quoting examples of the copyrighted, trade secret, criminal instruction manuals of the "Church" of Scientology, please let me know. H. Keith Henson
President/CEO Xanadu Operating Company
[CoS threat letter, and my response.  Posted on alt.religion.
scientology, comp.org.eff.talk and misc.legal]
Yo folks!  Another letter from Helena showed up in my mailbox.
[posted and mailed, cc to Judge Whyte]
Boilerplate.  Do you have a macro programmed with this introduction?
That I did.  In particular the HCOB of Nov. 14, 1978.  I presume by your complaining that RTC acknowledges this material to be an official copyrighted, trade secret, instruction manual for criminal activities? No wonder you want to keep it from being discussed!   You would have to be exceptionally dense to avoid noticing that the quoted document was right in the middle of a letter to Judge Whyte.
And I am hereby placing RTC on notice that the HCOB of Nov. 14, 1978 contains claims and instructions which seem to me to be both criminal in nature and in violation of certain court orders against the "Church" of Scientology. Well, lets see.  I am certainly not any kind of "agent, servant or employee" of either Dennis Erlich or Grady Ward, nor do I act under any kind of direction or control.  Now, you can go argue with Judge Whyte that all persons who happen to read a.r.s, agree with Grady or Dennis that CoS is a scam of a cult, and take independent action are "acting in concert or in participation."  Lots of luck. I am not interested in just *any* old NOTs materials.  I asked for NOTs materials which amounts to instructions for criminal acts, such as those found in the HCOB of Nov. 14, 1978, or fraud.  I believe discussion of this subset(?) of these materials is in the public interest.  I am prepared to go to court to defend my right to quote from and discuss the criminal acts and policies of the "Church" of Scientology.  I simply do not believe that anything which can be found by a few seconds of searching on any one of a hundred thousand computers all over the world can be considered a "trade secret."  What is a non-profit *Church* doing with trade secrets anyway?  Trade secrets are for *profit* making commercial companies.  Or perhaps fraudulent scams. As I pointed out above, I asked for material which amount to criminal instruction manuals or material which shows evidence of fraud on the part of Scientology.  It will be very interesting to be enjoined in a First Amendment pursuit which is so clearly in the public interest.  You really should try.  You don't even have to hire a process server.  Give me a call, beeper # 408-521-0614, and I will come down to Mr. Hogan's office and pick up my papers. Well, Helena, I am going to put it a little nicer than Grady would, but you can take your demand, fold it till it is all corners, and stick it where "the Sun don't shine."  And, just to show I mean it, I am *again* asking for NOTs or any other Scientology "AT" materials, acquired by legal, or *illegal* means which describe criminal acts, amount to criminal instruction manuals, or show the fraudulent bait and switch nature of Scientology.  It is my intent to comment on and post this material in the public interest.  I do not believe that either copyright law or trademark law will prevent the publication of information relating to unlawful acts.  If you think otherwise, I suggest you check with a couple of tobacco companies. [snip for bandwidth]
Keith Henson
SP 4, bucking for SP 6
