
@_date: 1993-12-01 19:02:24
@_author: Herb Lin 
@_subject: A study of National Cryptography Policy 
As the broadcast message noted, the ground rules regarding
classification were not established by the CSTB, but rather by the U.S.
Congress.  Note also that the final report is intended to be unclassified,
though classified annexes may be necessary for completeness.
Regarding the two-year time frame of the study: the premise of the study is
that there are many perspectives on the issue and that the appropriate policy
balance has not yet been established; surely you would acknowledge that
both these statements are true.  Thus, a serious study of the issue requires
time to reflect, especially if different perspectives are to be reconciled.
So, let me invite you folks to submit whatever materials you would like the
committee to consider (e.g., printed articles, written statements, etc), and
opportunity, if any, you would like to have to testify before the committee or
Herb Lin
A *two year*, *classified* study of national cryptography policy??
I suppose it's just as well. The closest thing we currently have to a
"national cryptography policy" are some ineffective and pointless
export controls that, if proposed legislation is adopted, may go away
in a few months anyway. That would leave civilian cryptography pretty
much unregulated -- exactly as it should be.
So sure, take all the time you like to "study" the issue. The longer
the better. The "cryptography genie" is already well out of its
bottle; in two years, it will be everywhere.
And yes, by all means, require security clearances of all the
participants and classify all of the proceedings. That will exclude
many of the biggest names in civilian cryptography -- those who are
not US citizens, who will not submit themselves to government
censorship, and who do not wish to lend any legitimacy to a government
effort that will inevitably try to regulate what will (and should) be
left alone. And it will stifle any embarassing public debates on minor
issues like free speech, freedom of association and personal privacy,
all of which are just annoying technicalities that keep law
enforcement and intelligence agencies from doing their jobs more
Better yet, restrict membership to these loyal law enforcement and
intelligence agencies, the same ones responsible for the silly current
state of export controls on cryptography. That should eliminate what
few shreds of credibility might remain in the Board's final report.

@_date: 1993-12-07 08:03:32
@_author: Herb Lin 
@_subject: A Study of National Cryptography Policy 
Please forward this message to any individual or mailing list
that you believe should receive it.  If you have seen it already, our apologies.
Many thanks..
As part of the Defense Authorization Bill for FY 1994, the U.S. Congress
has asked the Computer Science and Telecommunications Board
(CSTB) of the National Research Council (NRC) to undertake a study of
national policy with respect to the use and regulation of cryptography.
The report of the study committee is due two years after all necessary
security clearances have been processed, probably sometime summer
1996, and is subject to NRC review procedures.  The legislation
states that 120 days after the day on which the report is submitted to
the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary shall submit the report to the
Committees on Armed Services, Intelligence, Commerce, and the
Judiciary of the Senate and House of Representatives in unclassified
form, with classified annexes as necessary.
This study is expected to address the appropriate balance in cryptography policy
among various national interests (e.g., U.S. economic competitiveness
(especially with respect to export controls), national security, law
enforcement, and the protection of the privacy rights of individuals),
and the strength of various cryptographic technologies known today
and anticipated in the future that are relevant for commercial
purposes.  The federal process through which national cryptography
policy has been formulated is also expected to be a topic of
consideration, and, if appropriate, the project will address
recommendations for improving the formulation of national
cryptographic policy in the future.
This project, like other NRC projects, will depend heavily on input
from industry, academia, and other communities in the concerned
public.  Apart from the study committee (described below), briefings
and consultations from interested parties will be arranged and others
will be involved as anonymous peer reviewers.
It is expected that the study committee will be a high-level group that
will command credibility and respect across the range of government,
academic, commercial, and private interests.  The committee will
include members with expertise in areas such as:
  - relevant computer and communications technology;
  - cryptographic technologies and cryptanalysis;
  - foreign, national security, and intelligence affairs;
  - law enforcement;
  - commercial interests; and
  - privacy and consumer interests.
All committee members (and associated staff) will have to be cleared
at the "SI/TK" level; provisions have been made to expedite the
processing of security clearances for those who do not currently have
them.  Committee members will be chosen for their stature, expertise,
and seniority in their fields; their willingness to listen and consider
fairly other points of view; and their ability to contribute to the
formulation of consensus positions.  The committee as a whole will
be chosen to reflect the range of judgment and opinion on the subject
under consideration.
The detailed composition of the committee has not yet been decided;
suggestions for committee members are sought from the community at
large.  Note that NRC rules regarding conflict of interest forbid the
selection as committee members of individuals that have substantial
personal financial interests that might be significantly affected by the
outcome of the study.  Please forward suggestions for people to
participate in this project to CSTB at NAS.EDU by DECEMBER 17,
1993; please include their institutional affiliations, their field(s) of
expertise, a note describing how the criteria described above apply to
them, and a way to contact them.  For our administrative
convenience, please put in the "SUBJECT:" field of your message the
words "crypto person".
Finally, some people have expressed concern about the fact that the
project will involve consideration of classified material.  Arguments
can and have been made on both sides of this point, but in any event
this particular ground rule was established by the U.S. Congress, not
by the CSTB.  Whether one agrees or disagrees with the asserted
need for classification, the task at hand is to do the best possible job
given this constraint.
On the National Research Council
The National Research Council (NRC) is the operating arm of the
Academy complex, which includes the National Academy of Sciences,
the National Academy of Engineering, and the Institute of Medicine.
The NRC is a source of impartial and independent advice to the
federal government and other policy makers that is able to bring to
bear the best scientific and technical talent in the nation to answer
questions of national significance.  In addition, it often acts as a
neutral party in convening meetings among multiple stakeholders on
any given issue, thereby facilitating the generation of consensus on
controversial issues.
The Computer Science and Telecommunications Board (CSTB) of the
NRC considers technical and policy issues pertaining to computer
science, telecommunications, and associated technologies.  CSTB
monitors the health of the computer science, computing technology,
and telecommunications fields, including attention as appropriate to
the issues of human resources and information infrastructure and
initiates studies involving computer science, computing technology,
and telecommunications as critical resources and sources of national
economic strength.  A list of CSTB publications is available on

@_date: 1994-02-03 13:54:46
@_author: Herb Lin 
@_subject: Study of National Cryptography Policy 
February 3, 1994
This message should be forwarded to any and all individuals or groups that
may be interested.
In a message broadcast electronically and by fax in December 1993, the
Computer Science and Telecommunications Board (CSTB) of the National
Research Council (NRC) issued a call for nominations of possible committee
members who would undertake a study of national policy with respect to the
use and regulation of cryptography.  This report was requested by the U.S.
Congress in the Defense Authorization Bill for FY 1994.
That message said that ALL committee members (and associated staff) would
have to be cleared at the "SI/TK" level.  Since that time, there has been some
discussion of a study that would only require SOME members of the study
committee to be cleared.  Thus, in the interests of casting the broadest
possible net to capture the necessary expertise, we are re-issuing the call for
nominations to find those people who otherwise fit the criteria below but who
would have been reluctant to accept security clearances or to undergo the
required investigation.
It is expected that the study committee will be a high-level group that will
command credibility and respect across the range of government, academic,
commercial, and private interests.  The committee will include members with
expertise in areas such as:
  - relevant computer and communications technology;
  - cryptographic technologies and cryptanalysis;
  - foreign, national security, and intelligence affairs;
  - law enforcement;
  - commercial interests (both users and technology vendors); and
  - privacy and consumer interests.
Committee members will be chosen for their stature, expertise, and seniority
in their fields; their willingness to listen and consider fairly other points of
view; and their ability to contribute to the formulation of consensus
The committee as a whole will be chosen to reflect the range of judgment and
opinion on the subject under consideration.
Note that NRC rules regarding conflict of interest forbid the selection as
committee members of individuals that have substantial personal financial
interests that might be significantly affected by the outcome of the study; in
addition, individuals currently employed by the federal government are
ineligible to serve on the study committee.
Please forward suggestions for people to participate in this project to
CSTB at NAS.EDU by February 11, 1993; please include their institutional
affiliations, their field(s) of expertise, a note describing how the criteria
described above apply to them, and a way to contact them.  For our
administrative convenience, please put in the "SUBJECT:" field of your
message the words "crypto person".
If you would like a copy of the original solicitation, please send a request to
CSTB at NAS.EDU.
On the National Research Council
The National Research Council (NRC) is the operating arm of the Academy
complex, which includes the National Academy of Sciences, the National
Academy of Engineering, and the Institute of Medicine. The NRC is a source
of impartial and independent advice to the federal government and other
policy makers that is able to bring to bear the best scientific and technical
talent in the nation to answer questions of national significance.  In addition,
it often acts as a neutral party in convening meetings among multiple
stakeholders on any given issue, thereby facilitating the generation of
consensus on controversial issues.
The Computer Science and Telecommunications Board (CSTB) of the NRC
considers technical and policy issues pertaining to computer science,
telecommunications, and associated technologies.  CSTB monitors the health
of the computer science, computing technology, and telecommunications
fields, including attention as appropriate to the issues of human resources and
information infrastructure and initiates studies involving computer science,
computing technology, and telecommunications as critical resources and
sources of national economic strength.  A list of CSTB publications is
available on request.

@_date: 1994-02-08 14:30:53
@_author: Herb Lin 
@_subject: Study of national cryptography policy 
February 3, 1994
This message should be forwarded to any and all individuals or groups that
may be interested.
In a message broadcast electronically and by fax in December 1993, the
Computer Science and Telecommunications Board (CSTB) of the National
Research Council (NRC) issued a call for nominations of possible committee
members who would undertake a study of national policy with respect to the
use and regulation of cryptography.  This report was requested by the U.S.
Congress in the Defense Authorization Bill for FY 1994.
That message said that ALL committee members (and associated staff) would
have to be cleared at the "SI/TK" level.  Since that time, there has been some
discussion of a study that would only require SOME members of the study
committee to be cleared.  Thus, in the interests of casting the broadest
possible net to capture the necessary expertise, we are re-issuing the call for
nominations to find those people who otherwise fit the criteria below but who
would have been reluctant to accept security clearances or to undergo the
required investigation.
It is expected that the study committee will be a high-level group that will
command credibility and respect across the range of government, academic,
commercial, and private interests.  The committee will include members with
expertise in areas such as:
  - relevant computer and communications technology;
  - cryptographic technologies and cryptanalysis;
  - foreign, national security, and intelligence affairs;
  - law enforcement;
  - commercial interests (both users and technology vendors); and
  - privacy and consumer interests.
Committee members will be chosen for their stature, expertise, and seniority
in their fields; their willingness to listen and consider fairly other points of
view; and their ability to contribute to the formulation of consensus
The committee as a whole will be chosen to reflect the range of judgment and
opinion on the subject under consideration.
Note that NRC rules regarding conflict of interest forbid the selection as
committee members of individuals that have substantial personal financial
interests that might be significantly affected by the outcome of the study; in
addition, individuals currently employed by the federal government are
ineligible to serve on the study committee.
Please forward suggestions for people to participate in this project to
CSTB at NAS.EDU by February 11, 1993; please include their institutional
affiliations, their field(s) of expertise, a note describing how the criteria
described above apply to them, and a way to contact them.  For our
administrative convenience, please put in the "SUBJECT:" field of your
message the words "crypto person".
If you would like a copy of the original solicitation, please send a request to
CSTB at NAS.EDU.
On the National Research Council
The National Research Council (NRC) is the operating arm of the Academy
complex, which includes the National Academy of Sciences, the National
Academy of Engineering, and the Institute of Medicine. The NRC is a source
of impartial and independent advice to the federal government and other
policy makers that is able to bring to bear the best scientific and technical
talent in the nation to answer questions of national significance.  In addition,
it often acts as a neutral party in convening meetings among multiple
stakeholders on any given issue, thereby facilitating the generation of
consensus on controversial issues.
The Computer Science and Telecommunications Board (CSTB) of the NRC
considers technical and policy issues pertaining to computer science,
telecommunications, and associated technologies.  CSTB monitors the health
of the computer science, computing technology, and telecommunications
fields, including attention as appropriate to the issues of human resources and
information infrastructure and initiates studies involving computer science,
computing technology, and telecommunications as critical resources and
sources of national economic strength.  A list of CSTB publications is
available on request.

@_date: 1994-02-23 14:39:31
@_author: Herb Lin 
@_subject: A technical question re crypto technologies: DES and RSA 
Folks -- can I get your input on the following technical questions?
When implemented with "ordinary" hardware and software, I understand that
RSA is very slow compared to DES for "equivalent" levels of protection.
Question 1: How much slower?
I've heard the possibility exists of designing special purpose hardware
that would greatly speed up RSA.
Question 2: Please comment on the feasibility of this scheme.
thanks  herb

@_date: 1994-03-14 07:27:06
@_author: Herb Lin 
@_subject: Clipper and Traffic Analysis 
In the AOL debate between Barlow and Denning, Barlow asserted that Clipper
increases the gov't capability to do traffic analysis.  Can someone please
describe the technical basis for this claim?  (No rhetoric please, just the
technical background...)

@_date: 1994-03-25 19:23:40
@_author: Herb Lin 
@_subject: a citation sought.. 
I'm looking for the paper of last year that suggested how insecure 56 bit DES
is against NSA-scale computers.  Citation?  Or if it's on line, so much the
thanks.. herb

@_date: 1994-03-29 14:07:34
@_author: Herb Lin 
@_subject: questions for the NRC crypto committee... 
A useful exercise for this group might be to compile a list of questions
that they *should* answer if they're playing it straight.  These could
be forwarded to the review committee, too.  If we come up with a good
list, I'm willing to submit it to them.
As the guy staffing the NRC's review project of national cryptography policy, I
encourage you (and other cypherpunks) to do so.  Please forward to me the
questions you think the review panel should be asking.  So that your questions
stand out, please put in the subject line: Crypto panel question
herb lin

@_date: 1994-03-30 03:02:56
@_author: Herb Lin 
@_subject: questions for the NRC crypto committee... 
The NRC crypto study is a study of national cryptography policy intended to
lay down a framework for the long term; this study was ordered by the U.S.
Congress and
will be launched this summer (we hope).  It is not focused on any particular
technology such as Clipper, Skipjack, or Tessera, though the study committee
will be addressing these and other technologies as necessary.
Thus, it is different from the review committee charged with examining
Clipper.  Indeed,
the composition of the NRC study committee has not been determined at this time.
This committee will still be soliciting input from the community, and the offer
I made
earlier stands -- If you (and other cypherpunks) have questions you think the
committee should be asking regarding the formulation of crypto policy, please
forward them
to me.
herb lin
Computer Science and Telecommunications Board
National Research Council
National Academy of Sciences
  ***
  A useful exercise for this group might be to compile a list of questio
 ns
  that they *should* answer if they're playing it straight.  These could
  be forwarded to the review committee, too.  If we come up with a good
  list, I'm willing to submit it to them.
  ****
  As the guy staffing the NRC's review project of national cryptography
 policy, I
  encourage you (and other cypherpunks) to do so.  Please forward to me
 the
  questions you think the review panel should be asking.  So that your q
 uestions
  stand out, please put in the subject line: Crypto panel question
  thanks..
  herb lin
Do you want to collect the questions or should I?  I volunteered because
I know 3 of the 5 committee members.

@_date: 1996-07-04 07:42:53
@_author: Herb Lin 
@_subject: SAFE forum -- remarks of Herb Lin 
Folks -- I object to the characterization of my remarks about crime prevention
being made with sarcasm.  The complete remark was "Crime prevention ought
to be part of the FBI's mission, ... and it is -- ask them, and they acknowledge
 that."
No sarcasm was intended; the basic point was, and is, that encryption has costs
the perspective of the authorized information collection efforts of law
enforcement, and benefits
from the perspective of preventing information crimes such as the compromise of
business information.
I am not on the cypherpunks list, so if you want me to respond, pls copy me at
hlin at nas.edu.
In case it's not clear, this was said with much sarcasm... i.e., today's
FBI is too often engaged in other pursuits.. This in the context of
explaining that ubiquitous strong crypto is the best defense against
computer crime.

@_date: 1996-07-06 02:43:48
@_author: Herb Lin 
@_subject: SAFE forum -- remarks of Herb Lin 
You're entitled to any spin you wish (see your [...] below).  But my
  original intent was to say
  the part about "and it is" in any event; unfortunately, the audience
  started snickering
  before I got to it.  In the future, I will say "Crime prevention ought to
  be, and is, a part
  of the FBI's mission", thereby pre-empting premature snickering by an
  audience
  pre-disposed to be unfriendly or derisive to law enforcement.
  Begin personal comment from herb:
  The "overview and recommendations" document summarizing
  the report notes that
  "Input from [..] diverse sources demonstrated to the committee
  a considerable amount of confrontation and disconnect between
  interest groups (e.g., information technology vendors, businesses,
  law enforcement, private individuals, national security) that fail
  to understand or appreciate the validity of each other's policy
  needs and interests with respect to cryptography.  . . .
       Public debate based on hyperbole is unproductive.  All of the
  stakes described above -- privacy for individuals, protection of
  sensitive
  or proprietary information for businesses, ensuring the continuing
  reliability
  and integrity of nationally critical information systems and networks,
  law
  enforcement access to stored and communicated information for purposes of
  investigating and prosecuting crime, and national security access to
  information
  stored or communicated by foreign powers or other entities and
  organizations
  whose interests and intentions are relevant to the national security and
  the
  foreign policy interests of the United Statesare legitimate; informed
  public
  discussion of the issues must begin by acknowledging the legitimacy both
  of information security for law-abiding individuals and businesses and of
  information gathering for law enforcement and national security
  purposes."
  My experience with the FBI and other law enforcement officials is that
  they are honorable
  people trying to do a very hard job.  You may disagree with them on
  policy grounds --
  indeed, the NRC report does disagree with the Administration in certain
  important ways --
  but in my personal opinion, law enforcement deserves credit rather than
  censure for trying to anticipate a future problem,  You may believe the
  proposed solution to be inappropriate, but I'd
  ask those of you who follow the debate to engage it on substantive rather
  than ad hominem grounds,  Many of you in the cypherpunk community have
  done so, and I applaud such efforts.
  [End personal  comment]
  herb
  ==
prevention > being made with sarcasm.  The complete remark was "Crime
prevention ought > to be part of the FBI's mission, ... and it is -- ask
them, and they
OK, sorry, my reading.  I'd certainly hate to jeopardize any professional
relationships by implying that you'd been poking fun at them on purpose.
There's already far too much distrust to go around.
As I recall, the sequence went "Crime prevention ought to be part of the
FBI's mission [audience snickers, Herb realizes what he just said and
smiles]... and it is -- ask them, and they acknowledge that."
The best standup comics are the genuine straight men, I guess. To avoid any
trouble, I'll be using that line *without* specific attribution from now

@_date: 1996-06-29 10:08:46
@_author: Herb Lin 
@_subject: The National Research Council Study of National... 
The NRC report entitled
  Cryptography's Role in Securing
  the Information Society
  was released on May 30, 1996.
  A public briefing on the report will be held in New York City:
  Wednesday, July 10, 1996, 10:00 am to noon.
  It will be presented at the Association of the Bar of the City of New York
  (ABCNY) under the aegis of its Committee on Science and Law.
  Mr. Kenneth Dam, study chair and Max Pam Professor of American and Foreign Law
   at the University
  of Chicago, Mr. Colin Crook, committee member and senior technology officer at
   Citicorp, and Dr.
  Herbert Lin, study director and senior staff officer of CSTB, will be present.
  The briefing will take place in the Stimson Room, 42 W. 44th Street, New York,
   New York, from 10:00
  a.m. to Noon.  Committee members will respond to questions from attendees, and
   a limited number of
  pre-publication copies of the report will be available at that time.  For
  further information, please
  contact Michael Schiffres of the ABCNY Committee on Science and Law at (718)
  248-5708 for further
  information.  The event is open to the press and the public.
     If you have suggestions about other places that the committee should
     offer a public briefing, please send e-mail to crypto at nas.edu.

@_date: 2001-08-14 06:03:30
@_author: Herb Lin 
@_subject: 8-CALL FOR REVIEWERS: Draft NRC report on "Tools and Strategies 
CALL FOR REVIEWERS - PLEASE POST WIDELY
The National Research Council seeks reviewers for a draft report on its project
on "Tools and Strategies for Protecting Kids from Pornography and Their
Applicability to Other Inappropriate Internet Content."   More information on
this project, including a list of committee members, can be found at <
Purpose of review
Every report of the National Research Council must be reviewed by a diverse
group of experts other than its authors before it may be released outside the
institution.  This independent, rigorous review is a hallmark that the NRC from many other organizations offering scientific and technical advice
on issues of national importance.  The purpose of such review is to assist the
authors in making their report as accurate and effective as possible, and to
enhance the clarity, cogency, and credibility of the final document.
Responsibilities of reviewers
Reviewers are asked to consider whether in their judgment the evidence and
arguments presented are sound and the report is fully responsive to the study
charge, not whether they concur with the findings.  Reviewers provide written
comments on any and all aspects of the draft report, and the authoring is expected to consider all review comments and to provide written responses to
those comments, either modifying the report accordingly or explaining why the
report was not modified.  The committee's responses are themselves evaluated by
the National Research Council for adequacy and completeness.  Note that NRC
reports have a history of changing significantly between draft and final
versions as the result of reviewer comments.
Qualifications of reviewers
Reviewers of NRC reports are selected on the basis of personal expertise in a
field or fields relevant to the subject matter of the report; a dedication to
drawing conclusions based on the analysis of data and information; sufficiently
seniority in their fields to warrant broad respect for their intellect,
fairness, and stature.  Names of reviewers are made public at the time of the
report's final publication, but during the review process they are anonymous to
the committee and staff.
Confidentiality of report
Because NRC reports change as the result of review, reviewers must be willing to
keep the draft report absolutely confidential and otherwise abide by the NRC's
guidelines for reviewing of reports.
Procedure for submitting names
Please forward nominations for reviewers (self-nominations acceptable) to
itas at nas.edu.  The "subject" line of the e-mail should say "reviewer
nomination."  Submitted nominations should include contact information,
biographies (including relevant published works, public statements, and current
or former positions of relevance), and indications of relevant expertise and the
perspective on the subject that the nominee will bring.  Note that while the NRC
seeks nominations from a wide variety of sources, it reserves the exclusive
right to determine reviewers of its reports.
Deadline for Nominations
While nominations may be submitted at any time, nominations without the
information described above, or received after September 15, 2001, may not be
fully considered.
More information is available from the Web site of this project at <
 or from
Herb Lin (Study Director), at 202-334-2605.

@_date: 2004-11-01 10:52:31
@_author: Lin, Herb 
@_subject: Call for Nominations - NRC project on Information Fusion and 
Data Mining
Dave - given the interest of your constituency in this subject.. We'd
surely appreciate a posting of this notice, since you have access to a
broader range of people than we normally have.
CALL FOR NOMINATIONS
for a National Research Council study on
Technical and Policy Dimensions of Large-scale Government Use of
 Information Fusion and Data Mining
PLEASE POST WIDELY
(and apologies for duplicate postings)
The subjects of data mining and information fusion are in the forefront
of many public policy discussions about how the nation should exploit
information technology for purposes such as counter-terrorism, law
enforcement, and public health.  Recognizing the concerns raised in
such discussions, the National Research Council is launching a project
that will examine technical and policy issues associated with the
large-scale government use of information fusion and data mining for
such purposes.  In addition to examining the technical problems and
needs, it will consider the social and policy issues, such as privacy,
that arise with the prospect of such use and consider how alternative
approaches to both technology and policy can help to resolve them.  The National Research Council (NRC) is the operating arm of the
National Academies (), which include
the National Academy of Sciences, the National Academy of Engineering,
and the Institute of Medicine.  The National Academies were created by
congressional charter to advise the nation on matters of public policy
that involve science and technology.  The NRC - a non-profit
organization - works outside the framework of government to ensure
independent advice to the government through the use of committees
composed of the nation's top scientists, engineers, and other experts
