
@_date: 1995-02-01 04:23:52
@_author: Homer Wilson Smith 
@_subject: A proposal.... 
Certainly, each operator is responsible for his own site and must
act or not act as he sees fit, accepting the full consequences of those
decisions.  That is as it should be.
     No one is DEMANDING that anyone block an address, except the
complainer's of course. :)
     However there is no harm in global reporting of spams or abuse,
as each operator can choose to act or not act on the data as he will.
     Well in general I would guess that complainers WANT all reops to know
about the complaint, they only complain to the one they got the abuse
from, but they figure the abuser will just go to the next remailer and
start there.  They would prefer a way to contact all reops immediately to
stop this sort of thing from happening.
     Complainer's are often so mad at the abuse that they not only
write the remailer operator but also his sysadmin.  Rahul for example
has gotten at least two things 'on his desk' in the last two days,
because of stuff going through my remailer, and that's two two many
for me.  That doesn't include all the ones he's gotten that he didn't
forward to me because it was already handled.
     Further various and sundry turkeys are going to be complaining
both to ME and possibly to Rahul for the next month about the
Valentine's spam, as late readers come up to it in their news.  I am
STILL getting complaints and the guy was hung out to dry 10 hours ago.
     The complainer almost always wants ALL remail to that address
stopped, and he certainly doesn't want to have to send repeated
messages to various remailers as the abuser keeps jumping around.
That would infuriate me no end if I were a postmaster.
     I would suggest that those of us who are interested, provide such
a common list for complainers, it would make them feel one hell of a
lot better about remailers, and keep the borderline cases on the side
of free speech.  A lot of people would like to see remailers shut
down, but for many of them its mainly because remailers make them feel
hysterical when things go out of control.       THEY DON'T KNOW WHERE TO GO TO BRING THINGS BACK INTO CONTROL,
AND THEY ARE NOT SURE THEY WILL BE PAID ATTENTION TOO.  This leads to
cc's to sysadmins and things, which I for one find INTOLERABLE.
     If we can bring a sense of immediate (even if partial) response
and control to the remailer network, then this hysteria may subside a
     I would distinguish between two kinds of abuse.
     Individual abuse, and spams.
     On the individual abuse I would agree that personal data should
probably be kept confidential.  Certainly one does not give away
the complainee to the complainer so of course one does not post
the complainee's name here or elsewhere.  I have taken to posting
the letters that I write them however, to show newbies possible
ways of dealing with these things.
     However I see nothing wrong with posting the complainer's name.  Some
complainer's might object, but I think they understand the need to widely
distribute, at least to the reop's, their address so that we can all
effectively block them IF WE CHOOSE.      In any case, such individual abuse is usually from one person to
another, and its easy to block the TO: line without revealing the From:
line, so there is no need to post the complainee's name.      In the case of spams, its different.  Spammers usually spam from one
address (forged or not), but post to many sites. Blocking the To: line is
impossible, but the From: line is easy.      In this case I am for posting the From: line, not only here but as
far and wide as possible.  If I am wrong, I am sure you will let me know.      I propose a mailing list, public or not, which those of you who wish
to can subscribe, and which we advertise in the headers of all outgoing
mail, saying that complaints should be sent to the mailing list.  That way
we all get to see spammers and complainers at once, making for much more
effective action.      This reduces the wear and tear on the postmasters, who surely do not
deserve the brunt of the abuse.  Like the Credit Card reporting agencies,
one call is all it takes to report all your cards gone, one mail is all it
takes to inform all operators of a spam or abuse.      I am not suggesting that all reops join this list, or act on the
data posted to it if they do, or advertise the list in their headers.  I propose that THOSE OF US WHO WANT TO DO THIS, do it.
     Sort of a loose coalition or alliance amongst reops to show
solidarity and personal responsibility towards the net.
     I KNOW people would appreciate it.
     How say any of you?
     Homer
P.S.  groupname at bull.com went down after the Valentine spam.
     Not very nice.  I have already gotten warm mail commending US
on how fast we nuked the guy.
    I say have no mercy for spammers.
    Homer

@_date: 1995-01-15 20:54:25
@_author: Homer Wilson Smith 
@_subject: bug in remailers 
I am getting the same errors, even without pgp!
    homer

@_date: 1995-01-15 21:24:33
@_author: Homer Wilson Smith 
@_subject: bug in remailers 
Bug dead.
     It was unique to my remailer and was not a problem to other remailers.
     Christ, you just shouldn't let me near a keyboard.
     Rahul is out of reach for the moment, but I will fix it at first
     Homer

@_date: 1995-01-16 17:27:38
@_author: Homer Wilson Smith 
@_subject: Abuse Complaint out of homer@rahul.net 
Oh, Goody.  I get to deal with my first abuse complaint for my
remailer.      Seems to me that letting others decide what is or is not abuse
without at least being able to see the abuse myself would be wrong, that
opens the door to just anyone claiming they were abused and my taking
action against the alleged abuser.      Clearly though if some admin of a system considers something an
abuse, one can not just blow them off, we are all responsible for
responsible use of the net.      Even if this posting came through a chain, this admin is going to try
to trace back the chain through the other remailers.  So if I give him
the remailer it came from, he is going to pester that remailer operator
who won't appreciate it.      I will soon be able to install blocking on the To: or From: lines.
Blocking the From lines is hard, because usually abuse comes through other
remailers, so I can't just block that.  I can however block To: lines if
the person is abusing one particular usenet newsgroup or end receiver.      It would seem that if I am going to take action against someone with
blocking of some sort, then I have at least a right to see the full
posting that is claimed to be abusive.      By the way, rahul.net keeps syslog files world readable which I find
to be a security leak, as anyone (specifically the Church of Scientology)
could find out who is in communication with me and start to harrass them
too.      Comments on ethics and diplomatic handling of this would be
appreciated.      Homer

@_date: 1995-01-16 18:22:11
@_author: Homer Wilson Smith 
@_subject: Abuse and Remailer Ethics 
I am surprised there isn't a widely agreed upon codification of
remailer operator ethics for handling abuse cases.
     Perhaps there is, and I would appreciate someone pointing me to it.
     I am not presently on cypherpunks, so please include me in the
     Here is the situation.
     homer at rahul.net runs with header logging on, it contains, From: and makes them public to those on rahul.net.
     B writes me saying he is the 'admin of a listserv' and complains that
someone is abusing his list with postings through my remailer. He wants
the name and e-mail of the abuser to 'talk to him personally'.      Clearly I should not give out the name of a remailer user (if I know
it) unless ordered to by a court order.      Thus his request is, on the surface of it, absurd.
     In this case the alleged abuser, A, did not chain his posting so
my logs clearly show who it is.  Clearly I am always going to know the
address.  If the abuser only uses one remailer, then I am clearly
going to know the From: line also, as it is right there in the header
logs or rahul.net syslog files (same thing.)
     If the abuser chains and a complaint comes to me, all I will know
about the From: line is that it came from another remailer.  However
now that I know his name and e-mail, if I get another complaint about
him, and he has wised up and started chaining, I could pass his name
onto the prior remailer before mine, and that remailer could do the
same, until it came back to the first remailer on the chain who could
take action.  This however would piss off a lot of remailer operators.
     But now what action is appropriate?
     Well giving A's name to B is out of the question without a court
order, right?
     Blocking the To: line, namely the abused party, is extreme as
that blocks others from posting to that list or group, unless the list
or the group wishes to have no anon messages.  In which case I
probably might consider blocking the end recipient.
     Blocking the From: line, will stop all further postings from that
person, which is fitting if indeed he is 'abusing' people, but he will
merely start posting through other remailers, who will then have to go
through the same procedure.  Perhaps there is some justification then for
remailer operators sharing blocked From: lines with each other, that
might be a good idea.
     But who is to decide what is or is not abuse?  Surely I can't let
others tell me that they have been abused without even reading the
message, I have seen it happen all to often that parties claim they
are being abused when they are merely being exposed and rightly so.
     On the other hand, since I am responsible for my own little
corner of the net, if something happens that I consider abuse, I
certainly have a right to put an end to it if I can.
     Some questions:
     Does any single recipient have the right to demand that they be
blocked from all anon messages.  I would say yes.
     How about demanding blocking anon messages only from some
senders?  That is harder to implement.  If you block the sender, you
block ALL his postings, not just to that party.  So you would need to
block specific From: and To: combinations.  This would not work with
chaining at all, even if we did share blocking information.  So that
is out.
     Does a list owner have the right to demand blocking to his list,
with or without a vote of the list readers?  I would say yes.
     What about a newsgroup?  I would say it takes a vote.  Are anon voites
allowed?  Touchy question that was important at one time on      Anyhow I would guess that the correct action here is to write the
offender and let him know a complaint has been registered against him.
I would also educate him as to why he was so easily traced and tell
him that if he wants to avoid such in the future to start chaining.
     However if he is a determined abuser not prone to social
embarassment, then the sharing of blocking among remailer operators
might become a very good idea.
     I don't know how you seasoned reops feel about abuse, jpunix went
out of business for want of an effective way to deal with it.  I think
part of the answer is in close cooperation.  This might help keep the
abuse down, and raise the reputation of reops so that people begin to
think of us as responsible service providers rather than anarcho
     However I am very new to this field, so I may have my head stuck
up my ass, and I would like to hear back from you on your ideas.
     Homer Wilson Smith
     homer at rahul.net

@_date: 1995-01-16 20:12:21
@_author: Homer Wilson Smith 
@_subject: Abuse and Remailer Ethics 
OK, I understood all this.  I am afraid that if we implement a total
no tracing scenario, then remailers will come under heat from the world at
large and the governments.  Maybe not.  Rright now, Rahul (a good guy) is
implementing syslogs whether I want him to or not, and that isn't about to
change.  Really I would have to be the owner of my own system in order to
do what you are suggesting.      But then that is what got jpunix shut down. No way to deal with
complaints, and big time abuses going through his server, right JP?      But I see the advantage to total no tracing, I am just not sure
all of us are really strong enough yet to implement it and stay
in business.
     Homer

@_date: 1995-01-16 20:36:44
@_author: Homer Wilson Smith 
@_subject: Remailer Abuse (fwd) 
Here is the message I sent to both the complainant and the complainee.
     Homer
     Dear ..... ,
     I have been contacted by someone complaining about a posting you made
through my remailer.  They want me to tell them who you are, which ain't
going to happen, but at the same time I don't like getting complaints, you
understand?      Of course I can not tell you who complained any more than I can tell
them who you are.  But you know where you have been posting using my
remailer, right?      Now I have no idea if what you posted was really abusive or not,
I did not see the posting or postings, and I know a lot of people complain
about 'abuse' when really its just their closed minds being opened up.
     I was able to 'trace' you because you sent something through my
remailer without using chaining.  If you had chained I would never know
who the posting came from.  I was told who it went too and the time, and
its right there in my system's syslogs coming from you.  If you chain and
use PGP, then I could not have traced you.  So read the instructions on
chaining and make sure you USE it.  You will be a lot safer in the future
from complaint attempts than if you don't use chaining.      If you have questions on how to chain, ask on alt.privacy.anon-server
or read the various helps at many of the remailers.
     I have reposted this letter to alt.privacy.anon-server without your
name and sent a copy to the complainant.
     I expect not to hear anything more about you, ok?
     Homer Wilson Smith
     System Adminstrator of Remailer at
     homer at rahul.net

@_date: 1995-01-17 18:25:10
@_author: Homer Wilson Smith 
@_subject: Abuse and Remailer Ethics 
This will only work if ALL posts have anonymous reply blocks
added, or if the posting only goes through one remailer, as there
is no way the first on the chain can know that the end destination
is a listserv, no?
     Homer

@_date: 1995-01-17 18:35:45
@_author: Homer Wilson Smith 
@_subject: Abuse and Remailer Ethics 
The POINT is that if you chain and use pgp the remailer operator
CAN'T sell you out.  Whether or not the reop discusses or promises never
to sell you out is meaningless when the cards are down.  Trusting someone
because they SAY they are trustable is a fools game. So up front, I say
"Who me, trustable?  Hah!", and then let people use the technology to make
sure their stuff is safe.  PGP can't be broken, and chaining can't be
traced without LOTS of difficulty, and frankly reops have little interest
really in reading people's private mail, especially when it is pgp'd, let
alone tracing them for postings that they don't even know what's being
said in them!  Right?      Homer

@_date: 1995-01-31 23:04:04
@_author: Homer Wilson Smith 
@_subject: Scientology Petition v2.1 
Church of Scientology
     PETITION Version 2.1
     I have undertaken on my own determinism to rewrite the petition
according to criticisms that I have received.  This version below is
short and sweet.  Since I have no authority whatsoever from those who
wrote the original petition to do this, this is certainly not official.
However if enough like it, perhaps we can talk the original petition
writers into considering it.   I will be posting this to
     news.admin.misc,alt.current-events.net-abuse,alt.privacy.anon-servers
     alt.censorship, alt.cyberpunks, and comp.org.eff.talk
     If you think it is worthwhile, please post it to other groups
as well.
     Homer
     We the undersigned deplore
     1.) The Church of Scientology's recent apparent (unproven)
efforts to rmgroup alt.religion.scientology.
     2.) The Church of Scientology's recent apparent (unproven)
efforts to cancel non copyrighted postings.
     3.) The Church of Scientology's overt and apparently covert plans
to spam both alt.religion.scientology and the rest of usenet with
'success stories' and testimonials, in order to drown out the
'graffitti' and negative testimony and commentary.
     4.) The Church of Scientology's legal efforts to shut off anonymous
remailers to alt.religion.scientology and alt.clearing.technology, and
their legal threats against the remailer operators for postings,
copyrighted or not, coming through them.      5.) The Church of Scientology's legal efforts to clamp down on
ANY copyrighted postings or quotations at all, even when clearly Fair
     6.) Any open or covert declaration by Church of Scientology
Officials against anyone on the internet declaring them to be a
Suppressive Person, and any open or covert declaration of anyone on
the internet as Fair Game whether or not it is to be called that.
     We the undersigned eschew any efforts on the part of anyone to
render alt.religion.scientology a moderated group.
     We the undersigned implore the Church of Scientology
     1.) To work closely with the Electronic Freedom Frontier to solve
what it perceives to be its problems with the internet, and to
endeavor to join the internet community as a respected citizen in the
forums of two way communication with anyone at any time on any
     2.) To help formulate guidelines for, and accept fair use
excerption of the works of L.  Ron Hubbard for the purpose of non
commercial criticism and educational commentary.
     Homer Wilson Smith
     United Free Zone Alliance
