
@_date: 1998-04-02 14:33:04
@_author: David Honig 
@_subject: regulating the internet 
Read "Cyphernomicon".  Hard.
      David Honig                   Orbit Technology
     honig at otc.net                  Intaanetto Jigyoubu
When exponentiation is outlawed, only outlaws will exponentiate.

@_date: 1998-04-03 09:47:09
@_author: David Honig 
@_subject: illegal export of pgp.zip by .mil 
As of 6:57 this morning, according to the timestamp in
they removed pgp262.zip from their ftp site.  Though of course they didn't
bother to clean up
their link to it  :-P.  Thanks to the civil servant readers of this list who phoned the boys at
Bragg.  The world is safe
again.  Apologies to the sysop who probably caught some abuse.
      David Honig                   Orbit Technology
     honig at otc.net                  Intaanetto Jigyoubu
When exponentiation is outlawed, only outlaws will exponentiate.

@_date: 1998-04-03 10:51:39
@_author: David Honig 
@_subject: Ex-spook tells 2 other countries their codes are toast 
Ex-CIA Worker Charged in Spy Case
                        By MICHAEL J. SNIFFEN Associated Press Writer
                        WASHINGTON (AP) -- A fired CIA covert operative was
charged today with
                        tipping off two foreign governments that the United
States had broken their code
                        systems. He was held without bond.
                        Douglas Fred Groat also was charged with trying to
extort $500,000 from the CIA
                        in return for not disclosing its secrets.
                        Groat, a 50-year-old bearded and burly man, worked
for the CIA from May 1980
                        through October 1996 but spent the last three of
those years on administrative
                        leave. The grand jury charged that he gave secrets
about U.S. code-breaking to
                        two foreign governments, which were not named, in
March and April of 1997.
                        The grand jury said that Groat attempted to extort
money from the CIA began
                        before his alleged turncoat activities and
continued after them. The grand jury said
                        the attempted extortion lasted from May 1996 until
February 1998.
                        All four espionage counts allege that the spying
took place between March 24,
                        1997 and some time in April 1997.
                        A federal grand jury said in its indictment that
Groat gave both foreign countries
                        classified information concerning ``the targeting
and compromise of the
                        cryptographic systems of ... (the foreign country)
by the United States with intent
                        and reason to believe that said information would
be used to the injury of the
                        United States.''
                        Groat, who was arrested Wednesday night without
incident by the FBI, entered a
                        not guilty plea through his attorney, at federal
courthouse here, to all five counts
                        against him. Two of the counts carry a maximum
penalty of death.
                        Prosecutor Eric Dubelier persuaded U.S. District
Judge Norma Holloway Johnson
                        to continue holding the burly and bearded Groat
without bail by calling him ``a risk
                        of flight and a danger to the community.''
                        ``Based on his former employment with the CIA, he
is trained in travel and false
                        identity and deception,'' Dubelier said. ``He has
no ties to the community and he
                        possesses sensitive classified information'' that
could be communicated to foreign
                        nations if he were allowed to go free.
                        Johnson said that a federal grand jury had returned
a sealed indictment March 27
                        which included four counts of communicating secret
defense information to a
                        foreign government and one count of interference
with commerce.
                        Two of the counts of conveying secrets carry the
death penalty. It was not
                        immediately known which countries were involved.
Federal officials requesting
                        anonymity said there was more than one.
                        Groat himself did not speak during the 10-minute
initial appearance. Muscular and
                        heavy-set with black hair and a mustache, he
appeared in court wearing dark blue
                        jail trousers and shirt. He held his hands clasped
in front of him as he stood beside
                        his attorney, public defender A.J. Kramer.
                        The judge set a detention hearing for next
Thursday. And Dubelier said the
                        government would use the Classified Information
Procedures Act to prevent
                        secrets from being disclosed at trial.
                        Groat was the third current or former CIA employee
to be arrested for espionage
                        in the last four years.
                        He was fired from the CIA under circumstances that
officials would not
                        immediately disclose. They said he held a lower
rank than two of the biggest spies
                        ever caught inside the CIA -- Aldrich Ames, who
headed counterintelligence
                        against Moscow while secretly working for the
Russians, and Harold Nicholson,
                        who was a CIA station chief abroad while selling
secrets to Moscow. Ames and
                        Nicholson pleaded guilty in plea bargains with the
                        An official familiar with the investigation said
the probe into this former CIA
                        employee ``does not rise to the level of the
Aldrich Ames case'' in terms of the
                        suspected damage to U.S. security.
                        Ames was arrested in 1994 and was sentenced to life
in prison without the chance
                        for parole. Ames gave the Soviets the names of at
least a dozen high-level moles
                        inside the Soviet government who were providing
information to the CIA. Many of
                        them were arrested and executed based on Ames'
                        Nicholson gave the Russians the names of new CIA
recruits whom he helped
                        train. Officials said that limited where they could
serve later in their careers.
                        The CIA employee in this case worked at the ageny's
headquarters in Northern
                        Virginia and it was not clear if he had ever served
                        The FBI was not seeking any accomplices in the
case, but officials would not say
                        whether any foreign diplomats were being expelled
from this country.
                        The names of the countries involved with the CIA
employee could not immediately
                        be learned.
                        The House and Senate intelligence committees were
kept informed of the
                        investigation into the spying charges as it
proceeded, congressional officials said
                        today, speaking on condition of anonymity.
                        An official said Senators have been actively
involved in following the investigation
                        since its inception.''
                        AP-NY-04-03-98 1331EST
      David Honig                   Orbit Technology
     honig at otc.net                  Intaanetto Jigyoubu
When exponentiation is outlawed, only outlaws will exponentiate.

@_date: 1998-04-13 13:29:36
@_author: David Honig 
@_subject: GSM cellphones cloned 
JY is referring to: Monday April 13 3:11 PM EDT Experts crack digital cell-phone security system
By Annaliza Savage SAN FRANCISCO (Wired) - A group of California-based computer experts claims
to have cracked the cryptographic security
behind the world's most popular digital cell-phone system, making it
possible to clone any phone using the GSM standard. The Smartcard Developer Association ( says it found
the algorithm used as the basis for the Group Special
Mobile (GSM) -- a digital cellular phone system that is used in about 80
million cell phones, primarily in Europe and Asia. Many
U.S. networks are starting to implement GSM standards, too, and this attack
was launched against a card issued by Pacific Bell. If
the group's claims are true, it could lead to a recall or reissue of the
smart cards used in GSM-based phones. "GSM is likely to face fraud problems of the same magnitude as analog
systems have had," said Marc Briceno, a member of the
SDA who said that analog systems have lost billions of dollars because of
cellular phone cloning. GSM-based cell phones work with a small card containing an electronic chip
called a Subscriber Identity Module card. The SIM
card inserts into the back of the cellular phone and contains information
that is used to identify subscribers and their account
information to the GSM network. The SIM card must be inserted into a GSM
Mobile handset to obtain access to the network,
and one of the primary benefits of the technology is that cell phones have
access to GSM networks worldwide. However, to clone a SIM card, a would-be cracker would have to have
physical possession of one. Unlike the cloning used in
analog systems, the crack does not yet include being able to listen in on
phone calls or obtain a SIM ID via the airwaves, although
the SDA has stated that an "over-the-air attack should not be ruled out." The SIM uses encryption to keep the identity of the phone secret, and the
encryption algorithm used on most of the GSM network
is called COMP128. The SDA was able to obtain the secret ciphers used by
the GSM network. After verifying authenticity, the
group turned them over to U.C. Berkeley researchers David Wagner and Ian
Goldberg, who were able to crack the COMP128
algorithm within a day. In 1995, Wagner and Goldberg succeeded in another high-profile hack when
they compromised the crypto code used in
Netscape's Navigator browser, which was supposed to secure credit-card
transactions. "Within hours they discovered a fatal flaw," said Briceno. "The attack that
we have done is based on sending a large number of
challenges to the authorization module in the phone. The key can be deduced
and recovered in about 10 hours." A group of hackers gathered with security and crypto experts Friday evening
at a San Francisco hacker club called New Hack
City, for a demonstration of the hack, but it never came off. Eric Hughes,
a member of the SDA and founder of the Cypherpunks
cryptography group, discussed the technical aspects of the hack, but had to
give up the planned demonstration after threats of legal
action from Pac Bell and other telephone company executives. It is illegal in the United States to possess cellular phone cloning
equipment, although legitimate businesses are exempted. The
telephone companies dispute SDA's claims to legitimacy. Wagner blames the ease of the crack on the secrecy with which the ciphers
were kept. "There is no way that we would have been able to break the cryptography so
quickly if the design had been subjected to public
scrutiny," said Wagner. The GSM standard was developed and designed by the European
Telecommunications Standard Institute, an organization that has
about 500 members from 33 countries, representing administrations, network
operators, manufacturers, service providers, and
users. "There's going to be an orgy of finger pointing," said Hughes, referring to
all the engineers and other people associated with the
design of the GSM network. The SDA say that they were able to crack the GSM network algorithm due to
weak encryption in the original design. When the
system was being designed, several European government agencies were
successful in their demands to weaken encryption
standards for government surveillance purposes. The SDA also claimed that the GSM security cipher that keeps eavesdroppers
from listening to a conversation called A5 was also
made deliberately weaker. The A5 cipher uses a 64-bit key, but only 54 of
the bits are actually in use -- 10 of the bits have been
replaced with zeroes. The SDA's Briceno blames government interference. "The only party who has an interest in weakening voice privacy is the
National Security Agency," he said. The SDA said that a proper demo will be taking place soon from somewhere
outside the United States. The group has also
released the source code for COMP128 and A5 for further testing
(Reuters/Wired)       David Honig                   Orbit Technology
     honig at otc.net                  Intaanetto Jigyoubu

@_date: 1998-04-15 09:06:13
@_author: David Honig 
@_subject: Paradoxical bandwidth 'law' with anonymizing systems? 
I was reading a paper on Onion routing,  and the following occurred to me:
The FEWER people using the system, the SLOWER the system can react.
Otherwise, it leaks temporal information as a block moves from
router to router.
Longer explanation:
Onion routing provides real-time anonymized connections.  (Compare
to "mixmaster" email anonymizers which do not provide real-time
connections).  If you are trying to avoid timing attacks in such a system,
then the fewer the people using the system,
the longer the routers have to wait, it seems to me.  Otherwise, say if you
were the only user of the system, the fact that packets ("Onions")
are being sent from router to router is easy to track.
If a lot of connections are being processed, the connections from router to router are difficult to trace, so the routers needn't
be concerned with imposing delays to impede time-based traffic analysis.
A possible workaround would be to place some of the routers
in time zones which would be active.  That way, even 4AM users
would get temporally anonymized by the busy routers in other zones.
I suppose this is similar to the anonymity-by-groups (e.g., using
a simple proxy) concept, where your 'group' is other users of
Onion routers.  But you can't be anonymous if you're the only one
using the chain of routers, right?
      David Honig                   Orbit Technology
     honig at otc.net                  Intaanetto Jigyoubu

@_date: 1998-04-15 13:04:56
@_author: David Honig 
@_subject: Cylink Corporation to Submit SAFER+ 
Cylink Corporation to Submit SAFER+
Algorithm to the National Institute of
Standards and Technology April 15, 1998
SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE) via NewsEdge Corporation -- Non-Proprietary, Royalty-Free Algorithm will be Evaluated as a Replacement for Current Data Encryption Standard Demonstrating once again its commitment to deliver freely available encryption
technology to the market, Cylink Corporation (NASDAQ:CYLK), a pioneer in
cryptography, today announces it plans to submit the SAFER+ algorithm to
the National
Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST). NIST is reviewing encryption algorithms that will replace the current Data
Standard (DES) which has been used for more than 20 years. The new standard
is called
AES, or Advanced Encryption Standard. The evaluation will take
approximately two
years. SAFER+ is a royalty-free, non-proprietary encryption algorithm. Developed by
world-class and world-wide cryptographers, SAFER+ is an enhancement of SAFER,
which was first published in 1993. Since then, SAFER survived the scrutiny
of many of
the world's top cryptographers. Built on the proven track record of SAFER,
SAFER+ is
designed to meet the next generation of security requirements. Cylink
estimates SAFER+
to be five times faster than DES, and ten times faster than Triple-DES. "Once again, Cylink is delighted to offer break-through technology to NIST
and the
information security community," said Chuck Williams, chief scientist at
"SAFER+ is the most recent example of our legacy of pioneering the use of
cryptography in practical business solutions, including public key, SAFER,
key recovery." SAFER was originally developed by Professor James Massey, a Cylink founder,
funded by Cylink. SAFER+ was sponsored by Cylink and jointly developed by
and Dr. Lily Chen, chief cryptographer at Cylink Corporation. Cylink is recognized as a pioneer in commercial cryptography since its
implementation of Diffie-Hellman public key management in 1984. It has:

@_date: 1998-04-16 09:14:37
@_author: David Honig 
@_subject: NT 
Depends on the processor its running :-)
      David Honig                   Orbit Technology
     honig at otc.net                  Intaanetto Jigyoubu

@_date: 1998-04-16 15:11:32
@_author: David Honig 
@_subject: eligable receiver 
THE WASHINGTON TIMES
    April 16, 1998
    Bill Gertz
    Computer hackers could disable military; System compromised in secret
    exercise
    Senior Pentagon leaders were stunned by a military exercise showing
    how easy it is for hackers to cripple U.S. military and civilian
    computer networks, according to new details of the secret exercise.     Using software obtained easily from hacker sites on the Internet, a
    group of National Security Agency officials could have shut down the
    U.S. electric-power grid within days and rendered impotent the
    command-and-control elements of the U.S. Pacific Command, said
    officials familiar with the war game, known as Eligible Receiver.     "The attack was actually run in a two-week period and the results were
    frightening," said a defense official involved in the game. "This
    attack, run by a set of people using standard Internet techniques,
    would have basically shut down the command-and-control capability in
    the Pacific theater for some considerable period of time."     Pentagon spokesman Kenneth Bacon said, "Eligible Receiver was an
    important and revealing exercise that taught us that we must be better
    organized to deal with potential attacks against our computer systems
    and information infrastructure."     The secret exercise began last June after months of preparation by the
    NSA computer specialists who, without warning, targeted computers used
    by U.S. military forces in the Pacific and in the United States.     The game was simple: Conduct information warfare attacks, or
    "infowar," on the Pacific Command and ultimately force the United
    States to soften its policies toward the crumbling communist regime in
    Pyongyang. The "hackers" posed as paid surrogates for North Korea.     The NSA "Red Team" of make-believe hackers showed how easy it is for
    foreign nations to wreak electronic havoc using computers, modems and
    software technology widely available on the darker regions of the
    Internet: network-scanning software, intrusion tools and
    password-breaking "log-in scripts."     According to U.S. officials who took part in the exercise, within days
    the team of 50 to 75 NSA officials had inflicted crippling damage.     They broke into computer networks and gained access to the systems
    that control the electrical power grid for the entire country. If they
    had wanted to, the hackers could have disabled the grid, leaving the
    United States in the dark.     Groups of NSA hackers based in Hawaii and other parts of the United
    States floated effortlessly through global cyberspace, breaking into
    unclassified military computer networks in Hawaii, the headquarters of
    the U.S. Pacific Command, as well as in Washington, Chicago, St. Louis
    and parts of Colorado.     "The attacks were not actually run against the infrastructure
    components because we don't want to do things like shut down the power
    grid," said a defense official involved in the exercise. "But the
    referees were shown the attacks and shown the structure of the
    power-grid control, and they agreed, yeah, this attack would have shut
    down the power grid."     Knocking out the electrical power throughout the United States was
    just a sideline for the NSA cyberwarriors. Their main target was the
    U.S. Pacific Command, which is in charge of the 100,000 troops that
    would be called on to deal with wars in Korea or China.     "The most telling thing for the Department of Defense, when all was
    said and done, is that basically for a two-week period the
    command-and-control capability in the Pacific theater would have been
    denied by the 'infowar' attacks, and that was the period of the
    exercise," the official said.     The attackers also foiled virtually all efforts to trace them. FBI
    agents joined the Pentagon in trying to find the hackers, but for the
    most part they failed. Only one of the several NSA groups, a unit
    based in the United States, was uncovered. The rest operated without
    being located or identified.     The attackers breached the Pentagon's unclassified global computer
    network using Internet service providers and dial-in connections that
    allowed them to hop around the world.     "It's a very, very difficult security environment when you go through
    different hosts and different countries and then pop up on the
    doorstep of Keesler Air Force Base [in Mississippi], and then go from
    there into Cincpac," the official said, using the acronym for the
    Commander in Chief, Pacific.     The targets of the network attacks also made it easy. "They just were
    not security-aware," said the official.     A second official found that many military computers used the word
    "password" for their confidential access word.       David Honig                   Orbit Technology
     honig at otc.net                  Intaanetto Jigyoubu
Clarke's Third Law: Any sufficiently advanced technology is
indistinguishable from magic.

@_date: 1998-04-17 10:17:42
@_author: David Honig 
@_subject: Quebecois: CSE not spying on you (NSA does that, we trade..) 
Full story at
SPY6.html	
OTTAWA - Canada's ultra-secret spy agency is not eavesdropping on the
private conversations of Canadian citizens, Quebec's former chief justice
says.  For the past 20 months, Claude Bisson has scrupulously monitored the
activities of the Communications Security Establishment (CSE), a
half-century-old agency that operates so clandestinely its very existence
was not even publicly acknowledged until 1983.  ``My mandate is to assure that the CSE is abiding by the Constitution and
after 20 months I can assert it is abiding by the law,'' Bisson,
commissioner of the CSE, said during his first interview since taking on
the task of reviewing the agency's activities in June, 1996.  ``There is no targeting of Canadians in general and Quebecers in
particular. I am satisfied and I can assure the Canadian people that CSE
abides by the law.''       David Honig                   Orbit Technology
     honig at otc.net                  Intaanetto Jigyoubu
Clarke's Third Law: Any sufficiently advanced technology is
indistinguishable from magic.

@_date: 1998-04-20 10:27:16
@_author: David Honig 
@_subject: speech that aids and abets does "not enjoy the protection of the First Amendment." 
The Supremes let stand civil charges against a publisher for information they published.  Crypto relevance:  some kidnapping/propoganda victim sues a
ThoughtMonger...   Supreme Court Won't Review Murder Manual Case
choice excerpts:
The central legal question, as previously defined by the Supreme Court in a
landmark First Amendment ruling, is whether an entity, in distributing
information in a general way, can be found to have advocated or incited
lawless action. Appeals Court Judge J. Michael Luttig wrote in the ruling that Paladin may
be held liable because speech that aids and abets does "not enjoy the
protection of the First Amendment."       David Honig                   Orbit Technology
     honig at otc.net                  Intaanetto Jigyoubu
Clarke's Third Law: Any sufficiently advanced technology is
indistinguishable from magic.

@_date: 1998-04-23 09:37:07
@_author: David Honig 
@_subject: Assume The Position, Escrhole! 
Bayer anthrax -with a special non irritating coating.
Sarin by Raid -with a pleasant forest scent.
Portable E-jammers and tempest gear from The Edge
Body armor by Calvin Klein
Martha Stewart's Guide to improvised landmines
      David Honig                   Orbit Technology
     honig at otc.net                  Intaanetto Jigyoubu
  No electrons were harmed in the making of this message.

@_date: 1998-04-23 09:53:19
@_author: David Honig 
@_subject: CIA to Kids: I Spy, You Spy 
Wednesday April 22 3:57 PM EDT CIA to Kids: I Spy, You Spy
By Jim Wolf WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Central Intelligence Agency has unveiled a World
Wide Web site aimed at introducing the spy game to the
kindergarten set. The CIA's "Home Page for Kids" at  features
geography quizzes, interactive disguise games and thumbnail sketches of
cloak-and-dagger figures dating back to the Revolutionary War against
Britain. It also showcases "Who We Are and What We Do," a very basic primer on
intelligence-gathering and analysis. "What we're really trying to do is encourage kids to use computers, explore
geography and give them an understanding of what the CIA does," said Anya
Guilsher, an agency spokeswoman. "We're also putting a human face on the people who work here," she said. The section on those behind the scenes opens with a shot of a woman
possibly meant to personify the CIA's vision of the American James Bond for
late 1990s. Slender, smiling and black, she is conservatively dressed in a white blouse
and smartly tailored outfit. Other pages give a glimpse of an espionage
operation, complete with a man wearing dark glasses and a trench coat. "If you worked in the Directorate of Operations, you would like to travel
and have a great curiosity about the world and its different cultures,"
reads the
text in the People section. "You would like to work with people from all over the world, be able to
adapt to any situation (especially dangerous ones!), be well educated, know
other languages, be good at working at with other kinds of people, and be
courageous, well disciplined, and able to accept anonymity," it says. The text goes on to explain that such undercover operatives -- whose job
typically includes recruiting foreigners to steal secrets for the United
States --
know they will toil chiefly in the twilight. "The rewards for the officer are the knowledge that he or she contributed
to the security of our country and is recognized by his or her peers," the
adds. The site lays out the work of the CIA's other three branches as well --
those analyzing intelligence for policymakers, solving science and technology
challenges ("To work beyond the state of the art every day is normal in
this directorate") and administering the CIA's estimated 16,000 full-time U.S.
employees and its $3 billion budget. One fringe benefit of the site, which went online last month, is that it
helps CIA personnel explain their jobs to their kids, said Karen Gilbert,
an agency
public affairs specialist who was part of the four-woman design team. "Finally people who work here now have a way to talk to children about what
they do here," she said in an interview at CIA headquarters in the
Washington suburb of Langley, Virginia. To appeal to children as young as six, the designers picked the CIA's
bomb-sniffing canine corps of Black Labradors and Belgian Shepherds to conduct
"first-person" tours of the CIA's leafy campus. The site will be updated
regularly. The Web site, which the agency said has been receiving as many as 950
visits a day, contains links to the CIA's signature World Factbook and the
agency's main Web page, said to get almost two million "hits" a month. The kid page has nothing to do with recruiting future U.S. spies, the
agency said. But job-seekers can read about pay and benefits by clicking on
employment tab on the main site. It stems from an executive order last April 19 in which President Clinton
told federal agencies to match White House efforts to put more educational
material online for children. The CIA effort, hardened against would-be hackers and housed on computers
separate from those used for its sensitive work, was done on "a real
shoestring budget," said Gilbert.       David Honig                   Orbit Technology
     honig at otc.net                  Intaanetto Jigyoubu

@_date: 1998-04-27 09:40:33
@_author: David Honig 
@_subject: LA DA's illegal wiretaps revealed ---LA Times 
Fans of CALEA, take note.
                                                  Sunday, April 26, 1998              THE STATE              Can the L.A. Criminal-Justice System Work Without Trust?
             By CHARLES L. LINDNER
[excerpt] in the wake of the discovery that
deputy district attorneys assigned to its narcotics unit have relied on
secret wiretaps for years to gather evidence against their
clients--and no one, including judges, knew about the practice.
Beyond the obvious legal question of whether the district attorney
knowingly violated the 4th Amendments's prohibition against
unreasonable search and seizure is one that cannot be resolved in
court: Can the county's criminal-justice system carry on in an
atmosphere of mistrust? LAPD officers have avoided revealing the existence of their
electronic intercepts using a police procedure known as "the handoff
technique." It works like this: Narcotics officers on "Team A" set up
a wiretap to gather information on a suspect. Without identifying the
source of their information, the officers turn over the wiretap's
"intelligence product" to detectives from "Team B," also members of
LAPD's narcotics unit. Using the intelligence product, "Team B"
officers set about trying to gather facts independently that would
provide "probable cause" for a second judge to sign a search warrant
targeting another suspect, without the cops disclosing the existence of
the first wiretap to the jurist. It is not hard to imagine the potential harm from this
police-prosecution malfeasance. If an investigation focused on a
pharmacist, for instance, the police would have a taped record of
every prescription for every patient and physician who called the
pharmacy. By law, these wiretaps are preserved for 10 years, so the
potential damage to an innocent citizen having his or her private calls
intercepted is significant. What aggravates the misconduct is the likelihood that neither the
police nor the "wiretap judge" followed the legal requirement that the
police file written progress reports every 72 hours, and that the judge
make a decision every 72 hours on whether a tap can continue.
There is strong reason to suspect that neither the judiciary nor the
Legislature has been "minding the store." For example, a judge issuing
a wiretap order must inform any person whose voice was
wiretapped within 90 days and supply the person with an inventory of
what was recorded. Similarly, Atty. Gen. Dan Lungren is required to
provide a detailed report to the Legislature and state Judicial Council
each April regarding the number and duration of all wiretaps
conducted by every law-enforcement agency in the state. As of last
week, neither the Judicial Council nor Chairman John Vasconcellos'
Senate Public Safety Committee could find a copy. Finally, no public defender or private criminal lawyer has been given
the legally required inventory since 1985, when the secret wiretaps
began. According to Public Defender Michael P. Judge, the public
record discloses only three reported wiretaps by local law
enforcement during 1997--two by the LAPD and one by the county
Sheriff's Department. It is simply mind-boggling that, for the last 13
years, on hundreds of occasions when the court or opposing counsel
have asked prosecutors whether they have turned over all
defendants' and co-defendants' statements, they have been lied to or
misled. The danger from these secret wiretaps is not limited to suspected
criminals. According to statistics published by the Administrative
Office of the United States Courts, which oversees "authorized"
federal wiretaps, each wiretap order of roughly 40 days in length
results in the interception of an average 2,139 conversations involving
84 separate persons. The statistics also note that the average tap
produces incriminating information less than 20% of the time,
resulting in the arrest of two suspects and the conviction of a single
individual. If, as a police narcotics detective testified in the Gaxiola
case, there have been hundreds of secret "handoff" taps and
electronic intercepts, by extrapolation, thousands of Los Angeles
residents have had their private telephone conversations secretly and
illegally monitored by LAPD. The public defender has filed an unprecedented class-action habeas
corpus petition with Superior Court Presiding Judge Robert W. Parkin
on behalf of all past, present and future public defender clients. It
seeks to discover whether the prosecution denied thousands of
defendants a fair trial by hiding the true source of its information, i.e.,
secret wiretaps. If secret wiretaps were used and the evidence was
concealed from the defense, then thousands of men and women were
illegally convicted and incarcerated. Should this unhappy scenario play out, the criminal justice system
could well be irreparably damaged, its credibility in the public mind
ruined. Yet, even if events keep the convicted behind bars, the loss of
trust between prosecutor and defense lawyer may never be fully
recovered. The problem defense lawyers and criminal judges face
today is that they have never had so many prosecutors lie for so long
about so much, which may have resulted in the unconstitutional
convictions of so many.       David Honig                   Orbit Technology
     honig at otc.net                  Intaanetto Jigyoubu
"I actually thought Silicon Valley was where women went to get fixed."

@_date: 1998-04-27 09:44:12
@_author: David Honig 
@_subject: Schneier on Smartcards and Holding Secrets 
Bruce wrote a short letter to a trade mag (Internet world? I've
lost it since) worth reporting.  The jist was, if a smartcard
contains Bank Secrets but is held by customers which do not
share the same goals/responsibility as the owner of the secrets, this is *poor security design*.
      David Honig                   Orbit Technology
     honig at otc.net                  Intaanetto Jigyoubu
"I actually thought Silicon Valley was where women went to get fixed."

@_date: 1998-04-28 09:04:20
@_author: David Honig 
@_subject: kid informers 
One can only hope that some bored cynic can perhaps generate
a parody page which expresses the truth.  And seed the META-CONTENT with enough k-12 keywords to snag the eyeballs.
"Hi, I'm Dorothy Lemming, and I work for the intelligence community.
We listen to your calls to your granny in the old country, we scan your email, we get our Canadian buddies to listen to you
and teach them how to share.
We like to know what you're saying.  Its our way of getting in touch with your feelings."
"Hi, my name is Louie, and I like to listen too.  We're trying
to point out all the scary monsters to your parents so they will let us do whatever we want.  So that we can protect you.  What's
a little privacy for safety?"
"Hi, my name is Aldrich Ames, and my job is to make sure all our
spies work for us..."
      David Honig                   Orbit Technology
     honig at otc.net                  Intaanetto Jigyoubu
"I actually thought Silicon Valley was where women went to get fixed."

@_date: 1998-04-29 09:04:21
@_author: David Honig 
@_subject: Why does the Navy research onion routing? 
Why does the Navy research onion routing?
Only reason I can think of is so that .mil can study other sites anonymously, or communicate
amongst themselves using anonymous-routing-tech
to avoid traffic analysis.
The other practical possibility is that they're happy
to have smart CS people and will fund whatever they
want to do, just to keep them.
      David Honig                   Orbit Technology
     honig at otc.net                  Intaanetto Jigyoubu
"I actually thought Silicon Valley was where women went to get fixed."

@_date: 1998-04-29 09:12:32
@_author: David Honig 
@_subject: FBI scans public-access terminal used by Lewinsky 
Anyone remember PROMIS?
FBI agents working the Starr probe zeroed in on PARCEL PLUS in early
February, it has been learned. Agents conducted interviews and spent hours with the store's computer. "They were digging around in the computer's guts," a store source explains,
"below DOS." STARR's team interviewed the store's owner and two other employees -- with one
employee taking a trip down to Starr's office for questioning. Investigators have left nothing to chance: subpoenaing detailed information
from PARCEL PLUS' local Internet provider and digging up all of the store's
phone records via BELL ATLANTIC.
      David Honig                   Orbit Technology
     honig at otc.net                  Intaanetto Jigyoubu
"I actually thought Silicon Valley was where women went to get fixed."
