
@_date: 2003-10-14 22:11:02
@_author: Howie Goodell 
@_subject: [Fwd: [Msgs] Reminder--Computer Science Colloquium, 2:45-4:00, 
A talk at the University of Massachusetts in Lowell, MA tomorrow -------- Original Message --------
X-Orig-To: CC: Gary Livingston Colloquium Announcement
Department of Computer Science
UMass Lowell
Title: Anonymous and Untraceable Communication in Mobile Wireless Networks
Speaker: Jiejun Kong
Time & Place: October 15th (Wednesday), 3:00-4:00, 311 Olsen Hall; snacks
from 2:45-3:00
Privacy in mobile wireless networks has different semantics from the
traditional notion for banking systems and the wired Internet.  In
addition to traditional content privacy, mobile privacy also addresses
security concerns for mobile node's identity and location, namely
anonymity and location privacy.
In this talk I will discuss anonymity and location privacy attacks as
well as their countermeasures in mobile ad hoc networks, which can
instantly establish a communication structure for civilian and military
applications.  We focus on passive routing attacks in hostile
environments like battlefront.  Anonymity and location privacy issues
are critical for such scenarios, as allowing adversaries to trace
network routes and infer the motion pattern of nodes at the end of those
routes may pose serious threats to covert operations.  The highly raised
privacy demand poses challenging constraints on routing and data
ANonymous On Demand Routing (ANODR) is a multi-hop on demand routing
scheme that can prevent wireless adversaries from compromising a mobile
ad hoc network's anonymity and location privacy.  ANODR provides
anonymity service by dissociating the routing scheme from any naming
scheme of network member's identity/address.  This approach immediately
achieves location privacy, and differentiates ANODR from other ad hoc
routing schemes that mainly rely on nodes' address in data forwarding.
It is verified by our simulation that the performance of
(anonymous-only) ANODR is comparable to common on demand routing schemes
currently in use (e.g., AODV).
In addition, ANODR also implements untraceable routes so that passive
adversaries cannot trace a packet flow to its source and sink.  ANODR
pays reasonable cost, such as neighborhood traffic mixing, to meet this
privacy demand.  It is verified by our simulation that the performance
of (anonymous+untraceable) ANODR is more efficient than its peers
designed for wired networks (e.g., MIX-Net).
The underlying anonymity model of ANODR is a new one based on wireless
broadcast, a ready-made mechanism in wireless networks and on-demand
routing discovery processes.  Though related research (Shields & Levin,
CCS'00) has shown wired IP multicast can help anonymity, wireless
broadcast is never used to achieve anonymity before ANODR's proposal
"broadcast with anonymous trapdoor assignment".  It is expected that our
future work along this direction will lead to new means to provide
anonymity and untraceability services to mobile wireless networks.
Biographical Sketch of the Author:
Jiejun Kong (jkong at cs.ucla.edu) is currently a Ph.D. candidate in
Computer Science Department, University of California at Los Angeles
(UCLA).  He is interested in designing efficient, scalable, and robust
security solutions for mobile wireless networks.  His research topics
include providing authentication/authorization/access control (AAA),
secure routing, intrusion detection, and mobile privacy services to
mobile ad hoc networks, in particular those with challenging network
constraints and with very high security demands.  Recently he focuses on
anonymous and untraceable routing schemes.  He has contributed to the
design, implementation, and testing of network security protocols within
ONR MINUTEMAN project, STTR project, and NSF iMASH project.
msgs mailing list
msgs at weblab.cs.uml.edu

@_date: 2003-10-31 22:07:02
@_author: howiegoodell at comcast.net 
@_subject: Chaumian blinding & public voting?  
Hello --
David Chaum has a new system that is an optical one-time pad.  It requires a printer that prints squares on both sides of a transparent 2-layer ballot.  To the voter it looks like ordinary printing with a solid black border.  Then s/he separates the layers, hands one in for counting and either tosses or takes home the other.  Each layer by itself appears random (both border and text become a random hash), but several organizations successively applying their keys can reveal the totals while scrambling the individual identities.  No individual organization, or even the polling place computers, can tamper with the result without a high probability of being caught; the voter can't prove how they voted, and the voter and each of the organizations can verify that their vote or handling was preserved.  This is based on my recollection of his talk last Spring; see if he's posted something online.
Howie Goodell
         Howie Goodell Controls, Embedded, and UI Software
CompSci Doctoral Cand.  UMass Lowell
Howie at GoodL.org
