
@_date: 1995-11-05 15:02:13
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: lp (134.222.35.2)? 
You don't really need a special (and clearly suspicious) IP address to
perform driftnet fishing.  All you need is to be sure that all physical
packets pass through a checkpoint charlie and just park a sniffer there
to watch everything fly by.
On the other hand, it would be interesting to see how hard NSA pushes
behind the scenes to have physical long distance cables run through the
US routers/switches (in the name of US national security, of course).
It would be fun (perhaps horrible) to see what the NSA does the first
time Isreal or France set up their own high capacity long distance to
other friendly/unfriendly countries (thus bypassing the US completely).
Second, let France or some other country set up major Internet routing
clearinghouses which advertise secure routes to other nations (not US).

@_date: 1996-07-03 12:49:59
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: Ken Bass: Wire tap only useful for conviction (Was: SAFE Forum--some comments) 
Ken pointed out that law enforcement had to have gotten enough
evidence prior to a wire tap request to show probable cause.
If this is the case, then the only usefulness of wire taps is
to improve the likelihood of conviction and not the detection
of potential terrorist (or child molestation or your favorite
bad guy) plots.
Therefore, it is important to cut through the rhetoric and to
challenge Reno and Freeh and others when they spout such non-sense,
unless they are foreshadowing an Orwellian state (where you might
as well expect a camcorder in every bedroom.  After all, the most
common case of child abuse/molestation/spousal abuse is in the
home.  Better protect the public!)

@_date: 1996-07-09 07:51:58
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: SAFE forum -- remarks of Herb Lin 
Very good point.  However, their primary representatives are still Louie
Freeh, Jim Kallstom (sp?) and a few others who specialize in
technologically-inaccurate hype.  They have special backdoor access
priviledges to Congress which none of us have (at least on the scale with
which they can summon).  They do NOT have to answer to anyone, except on
warm and fuzzy Congressional hearings during which the technical inaccuracy
of their words are rarely challenged.
I would give a lot to have a public one-on-one discussion/debate with Freeh
or Kallstrom.  The problem is that they will stick to the obvious sound
bites of "child pornographers" and "terrorists" instead of discussing the
technical issues.
I do agree that, if Freeh and cypherpunks would stop the hyperbole, and
start discussing what would help privacy as well as law enforcement, then
much more useful If Freeh and Kallstom played fair, and did not insist on behind-the-scene
lobbying for Digital Telephony and GAK, then I might even consider
compromising my hard-line stance against GAK and encryption regulation.
However, they insisted on pushing it even when they could not get enough
public support.
Right now, THEY have the power, THEY have the access, THEY do not have to
answer to us (and the Devil is always in the details), so I think it is a
bit unfair to say that some cypherpunk is being too harsh on the FBI.
They (the FBI) are supposed to serve us.  Instead, they are taking away
our own control of our lives.  It reminds me much of the power-hungry
MIS suit who swoops in and takes away all of our root passwords without
setting up the backups and the firewalls and add to our productivity.
We can get some solutions for both sides, but it takes work, and Freeh and
Kallstrom (and Clinton) cannot get political credits for these more subtle
solutions, so they must choose between highly-visible (but technically
wrong) solutions and real (but possibly thankless) solutions.  I get the
feeling I know what they are choosing right now.

@_date: 1996-07-10 02:16:11
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: stupid national security excuse again ... 
Ok.  Not that I really care, at this point, who really killed Kennedy
or whether there was this or that conspiracy, but I am really sick of
this bull shit "national security" excuse.
What kind of "national security" excuse could there be for the CIA to
say whether they confirm or deny the employment of some guy (whom they
could easily discredit by saying that they have nothing to do with
This sort of maneuvoring by (insert your favorite TLA) is just exactly
why I am so against encryption regulation by the government.  They can
snowjob anyone just by saying "national security".
 COURT REJECTS BID FOR FACTS ON ALLEGED KENNEDY PLOTTER
 REUTERS
 SAN FRANCISCO - A federal appeals court Monday rejected a bid to force
 the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) to disclose whether it employed
 a man who claimed he was involved in the murder of President John
 F. Kennedy.
 The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco denied an
 appeal by a California judge who sued to try to force the CIA to
 disclose information about Claude Capehart.
 Capehart, who died in 1989, claimed to have been a CIA agent involved
 in the November 1963 assassination of Kennedy in Dallas, according to
 the court ruling.
 In February 1992, David Minier, a municipal court judge in Chowchilla,
 California but acting as a private citizen in this case, made a
 Freedom of Information Act request to the CIA to say whether the
 agency had ever employed Capehart.
 Minier, 61, later asked the CIA for all records of the ''activities,
 assignments, actions and whereabouts of (Capehart) during the month of
 November 1963,'' according to the Appeals Court ruling.
 The CIA denied Minier's request, saying that to confirm or deny a
 relationship between the CIA and Capehart ``would jeopardize national
 security and compromise CIA sources and methods,'' the ruling said.
 ...

@_date: 1996-07-19 18:47:37
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: Privatize the NSA (Was: NSA response to key length report) 
It sounds like most of their "counter-arguments" are just stalling tactics.
If you are a lawyer for someone you know is guilty, you still would choose
to find every reason in the book to attack the prosecution's case.  Here we
have precisely the same effect with the NSA.  Any tactical manuveur to keep
stalling the impending collapse of ITAR.
(It is human .. er .. rather .. bureaucrat-esque to claim innocence in the
face of overwhelming evidence of guilt.)
Perhaps, in their fit of downsizing, Congress should privatize the NSA?

@_date: 1996-07-20 11:23:54
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-daw 
Uh ... I think you missed the point of my mail.  I think I explained it
later on, but here it is in different words.  It may be clearer this time.
I think it would be unfortunate if you think that SWAT team members are
trained to storm in and shoot anything that moves.  They are trained to
provide protection to themselves while attempting to apprehend the
target.  That, to you, may be a subtle difference, but it make a big
difference to me:
1.  In your interpretation, they literally rampage through the target
    site without much regard for the destruction they may cause.
2.  In my interpretation, they are trying their best to balance the
    need to quickly apprehend the target, with the serious potential of
    being harmed in the process.
In circumstances where there is beyond a shadow of a doubt that the
target is criminal, then I would support their actions fully.  But
it is clear that mistakes have been made in the past.  The tragic
consequences of those mistakes are unforgivable.  Therefore, the
mistakes MUST be prevented.
That said, I think, in most cases (and I believe most LE believe
this too), there does not need to be a violent conflict.
I believe they can choose a different scenario.  They do not have to
choose a scenario where they have to be in immediate danger.  The
recent Montana standoff is an example where government agents did
NOT choose to storm in (good or bad decision is another debate).
It is not unreasonable to be scared into doing irrational things if
someone storms into your house at 4am.  However, if you get a phone
call saying your house is surrounded, you might have more time to
think straight and realize that there is some horrible mistake.
And, as far as I know, it is perfectly legal to be a little paranoid.

@_date: 1996-07-20 12:47:38
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: Filtering out Queers is OK 
The same can be said of the children of the more politically
correct.  My opinion is that religion is a waste of time and
resources, and therefore, those who force their children to
be religious is doing precisely the same harm you allude to.
That is strictly MY opinion.  If there are enough of me
around, should we be allowed to force the government to take
children away from their religious parents?  More mildly, can
the government "protect" a child from religious ideas?
What gives the society more rights to regulate how the child
shall be brought up, except the narrow interest of protecting
the physical safety of the child?  It is not even clear that
the government may force a child to accept secular ideas that
may violate the child's religious background, even if the
government has a compelling secular interest in doing so.
Yes, we would like fewer Hitler's in the future.  But should
we NOT let the people decide how the raise their children
because there is some risk of a few of them turning into
future Hitlers?

@_date: 1996-07-20 13:18:07
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: Giving 6 year old kids Uzi's (Was: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids) 
Before you make some irresponsible accusations, please investigate
the facts.  I grew up in both Western-style and backward country
Taiwan.  Neither required side arms, and we did fine.  Neither are
what you might consider "wasp".  And I certainly would not want
your own childhood distortions to become the social norm.  I am
sure they killed and lynched many Asians "in the good ol' days".
I'm not for those days.
The point is, you would not give a gun to someone with mental
disorders.  Right?  (If you would, then we might as well just stop
the conversation here.)  The reason you would not is because there
is a "significant" chance that this person would not respect basic
social values like life, liberty, etc ...
If I remember correctly, there were MANY times when, if I had a
weapon capable of killing someone near invisibly (say a poison
dart), I just might have used it.  Of course, as an adult I would
live to regret having the ability and resources to following
through on a fit of childhood rage.
When your BIG goal is to get to 16.5 so you can a learner's permit,
you just don't have a well-balanced view of the world yet.  In
addition, when you don't have a family, when you don't have buy-in
of ANY SORT into your community, when you have ZERO future (as in
the lives of some inner city kids), you simply do not care about
these other concepts like brotherhood and community.
I have always argued that those who have vesting in a community
will work harder to make that community great.  The same principle
applies to companies where the employees get profit sharing or own
significant stock.  If you HAVE to care because it would benefit
you to care, YOU WILL.  If you don't have to care, YOU WON'T.
A 6 (or 12 or 18) year old, simply does not have to care.  I can
bribe my 2 year old with one simple thing:  Sweets.  He is vested
in his immediate futures in cookies and ice cream.  Beyond that, he
has nothing vested whatsoever (mostly because he just isn't aware
of anything serious yet).
As a stereotypical geek at 12, at 18, at 24 and now at 30, I am
still not completely sure I am mature enough that I would trust
my own judgements with a gun.  And I have had the fortune of a
reasonably good, well-educated, upper-middle-class life.  I would
hate to see what would have happened if I grew up in a gheto.

@_date: 1996-07-20 14:39:11
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: Giving 6 year old kids Uzi's (Was: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids) 
Oh my ... you aren't serious, are you?
I suspect you might be baiting ... but ...
If you can trust a six-year-old with an Uzi, I assume that you believe
the six-year-old can "properly" judge what is a threat and what isn't?
Just why do you suppose a pissed-off six-year-old (because, let's say,
another six-year-old stole his lunch) would not blast someone?
Would you just hand out guns to all teenagers?
You might have had a different childhood, but when I (and most of my
friends) were 6 (or 12 or even 18), our primary concern was having fun,
avoiding stuff we don't like (like homework), attracting females (or
males, as the case may be), attracting attention in general, avoiding
being one-upped (in conversation or in sports or otherwise) but always
on-upping someone else, ...
Oh ... and ice cream ... but that was mostly me ... most of my friends
wanted candy.
No where in this list of high priority items is respect for human life,
peace and brotherhood among mankind, end world hunger, etc ...  There
are very good historical reasons why 18 and 21 are reasonable (though
sometimes conservative) guesses at the age of maturity, responsibility
and consent.
If you are not killing someone else because they (may) have an Uzi, I
think, sooner or later, you will figure out a way to kill him before
he can pull it out.
This means that a group of 1000 KKK members will kill a group of 10
blacks due to overwhelming force.  One principle in the Constitution
(which I personally respect very much) is that a majority should not
force its views on a minority.
Incidentally, if you are interested, I DO have a child (almost 2 yrs),
and I certainly would not even contemplate letting him have a gun (no
matter how well he can use it) until he can legal get one himself.  I
will certainly invoke serious wrath (on him and anyone else involved)
if I ever found him with a gun.
By the way, would you let a 6 year old drive?  or fly?  (Assuming that
they are physical capable and trained to do such.)

@_date: 1996-07-20 15:17:12
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-daw 
I think the original point was that they MIGHT storm into your house by
mistake (say, because they incorrectly accepted a informant's story).
Therefore, it is truly a mistake.
That said, it is still not justifiable for a SWAT team to FORCE a situation
where they may necessarily be in physical danger, and therefore, are forced
to respond with overwhelming force when the target may reasonably be
Worse yet, the bureaucrats, whose asses are on the line when a tragic mistake
occurs, will rarely, if ever, admit to any wrongdoing.  They may be forced
out, at worse; there may be a symbolic verbal lynching in front of the
Congress, but that would be about it.
If such a tragedy were to occur to me, and I were to survive, I would want
the responsible PERSONS fully acknowledge their mistakes (and be properly
punished).  It is a travesty of justice to blame a no-name, faceless
"system" as was done in the well-known recent cases (whether or not the
target was ultimately found guilty of any misdeeds).

@_date: 1996-07-20 19:30:04
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: Bureaucractic Slime Factor (Was: NSA response to key length report) 
Yes.  This is the bureaucratic slime factor.  It pissed me off when
Freeh lobbied behind the scenes for Digital Telephony.  It pissed me
off when government officials use effectively hidden channels
precisely because they know they cannot get away with it in the full
light of public scrutiny.
Another way B.S.F. shows up is exemplified by gross mistatements
like Gore's recent "emerging consensus" claim.  It's the old "it's
technically true but we know damn well we are effectively lying to
the public" trick.
I am actually kind of surprised that there are some on this list
who might have considered giving Gore the benefit of the doubt.

@_date: 1996-07-20 19:30:33
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: No Subject 
(Don't make the point if you don't want to discuss it.)
I have a child, and if you don't, you really should try to raise a child
for a week.  What a child considers "right" or "wrong" is very much
dependent upon about a million different factors, very few of which, you
have any serious notion, let alone control.
In addition, a child, in parallel, learns behavior at the same time it
is judging what to absorb; therefore, you can't just "turn on" learning
mode and "turn off" judging, "download values", "turn off" learning and
"turn on" judging.
Most things children pick up are not really that "damaging".  However,
certain things in life are strictly designed to damage.  Anything from
a verbal "fuck you" to an Uzi.  Therefore, restrictions on access to
those sorts of things are not that unreasonable, until the child has
learned enough to understand the consequences of their actions, and can
functionally and socially adapt to their choice of environments.

@_date: 1996-07-20 19:54:13
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: Filtering out Queers is OK 
If I'm not mistaken, the point here is that you can always choose NOT
to go with filter XYZ, and instead, purchase services with filter ABC.
It is still not perfect, but then, that is the point.  We do not trust
any SINGLE entity.  However, if I have a choice of entities, then I am
willing to try one, and let them abuse me in the short term.  Simple
free market principle says that a filter will show up with me needs
sooner or later.
If the filter is the government, I have no direct choice.  I have very
very indirect choices, but I cannot just shut off the service if I don't
like it.

@_date: 1996-07-23 06:24:52
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-daw 
My mistake.  I should have worded this so that you did not have to
look forward in the article too much to understand that I violently
agree with you.
Please read the original.  I'll dig it up for you (and any other
interested party if you don't have it.)

@_date: 1996-07-23 09:57:24
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: [Noise] was Re: Giving 6 year old kids Uzi's 
The question was not whether you might let your little girl operate
a gun.  The question was whether you might let her carry it as part
of her standard equipment.  Would you let her go to school with it
loaded or with ammo within easy reach?  I mean, what's the point of
carrying a gun without bullets?

@_date: 1996-07-23 10:54:03
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: Giving 6 year old kids Uzi's (Was: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids) 
Hmm.  Sarcasm?  Cannot definitively say, but I'll guess it is.
Assuming you are accusing me of such, you should probably point out
specifically where I said such a thing.  (If I did, it would be bad
grammar or some such, and I would certainly retract it.)
You might be missing the mark too, but I thought the subject was
giving a gun to every child who enters school, not YOURs or SOME
EXPERT 6 YEAR OLD's special case.
Yes, if every child was truly an exemplary God-fearing Christian,
I would probably have fewer objections to giving every child a
gun.  After all, they would NEVER use it in a fit of rage or
jealousy or any such sins ...  Right?
Death is permanent.  A child is prone to accidents.  Maybe those
of you who are just too "special" and "talented" don't need such
paternalistic frameworks, but I know my child cannot tell right
from wrong, good from bad.  He will get better over time.  But I
don't want another child to pay for my son's less than full
maturity by getting shot.

@_date: 1996-07-23 12:52:18
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: Kellstrom Calls for DT Funding 
I must violently agree.
Having escrowed video cameras in every room in every house will surely
deter violence in the homes as most child and spousal abuse are (no big
surprise) done by family.  But even such horrors as child rape and
beating cannot justify video cameras in every room; not because it is
expensive, but because it is a gross violation of privacy.  (But the
FBI promises it would not use it without a court order, right?  Sure.)
People, in general, understand the severity of "video escrow".  They
just do not understand the severity of "key escrow" yet.

@_date: 1996-07-23 14:46:40
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: Giving 6 year old kids Uzi's 
Look.  Let's be very clear about precisely what we're discussing.
We are talking about distributing a gun to every *@ kid walking
into school (ok, maybe we make them pay for it, but money ain't the
We are NOT talking about special training for every child, or giving
them only limited access.
The person to whom I originally responded to on this topic wanted to
give EVERY SINGLE CHILD a gun!
My point exactly.  YOU JUST DON'T HAND OUT A GUN AND SHOW HIM HOW TO
USE IT AND LET HIM LOOSE!
Now ... we're not talking about children having guns as exceptions; we're
talking about children having guns AS THE RULE.  And I severely object to
the notion that children, as a rule, can be blindly trusted to have good
judgement with deadly force.  (Not just guns, but anything from switch
blades to anti-tank missiles.)

@_date: 1996-06-07 16:12:51
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: NSA/CIA to snoop INSIDE the U.S.??? 
What?!  What the *@ is wrong with the people who supposedly smart
people representing us?!
-------- From SJ Mercury:
    NET FEVER ON THE HILL
    Published: June 6, 1996
    BY RORY J. O'CONNOR
    Mercury News Washington Bureau
    WASHINGTON -- The White House wants a coordinated task force to fight
    terrorism on the Internet. Some senators think the CIA should be
    allowed to work hand in hand with the FBI to fight computer crime on
    U.S. soil. Meanwhile, the federal courts are deciding a major First
    Amendment case that might ban certain information from the Net.
    The nation's capital is in the throes of Internet fever.
    For the past several months, the condition has become acute, and by
    the end of the year the Internet itself may look far different as a
    result: more tightly regulated, more carefully monitored and more
    expensive.
    The latest symptom: a suggestion Wednesday for the elimination of laws
    that prohibit U.S.  intelligence agencies -- notably the National
    terrorism is so great, and the Internet so decentralized and
    international, that police and the FBI must combine forces with spy
    agencies in order to successfully analyze the threat and investigate
    criminal activity.
    ''If we're going to live in this kind of world, we're going to have to
    link the intelligence world with law enforcement,'' said Sen. Sam
    Nunn, D-Ga.
    For many people in government who work on computer and law-enforcement
    issues, the course of the disease seems painfully slow. They often
    describe the Internet as the Wild West that's sorely in need of a good
    marshal. But for many people who use the Internet, the government's
    efforts are moving far ahead of any real knowledge of a technology
    that, two years ago, almost nobody had heard of.
    ''There are not dead bodies in the street,'' said Donna L. Hoffman, a
    professor at Vanderbilt University who studies the Internet. ''It just
    doesn't make sense to rush into legislation.''
    [ SNIP ]

@_date: 1996-06-18 12:53:09
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: You bet they have/are: NSA/CIA to snoop INSIDE the U.S.??? 
Here is where I'm totally amazed (aghast ... maybe I'm just too naive):
(And, yes, I have asked this question, in different words, to a lawyer
It is clear that if the FBI/CIA/NSA/ATF/DoS intercepts a message with
some very important content, like, say, I (Ernest Hua) was plotting to
kill Hillary, then they can use that information to start investigating
my activities, even if the intercept turned out to be illegal.  Those
who saw the content of this intercept is not required by law to "forget"
that they ever saw it.
In this day and age, having discretionary access to information is a lot
of power which the average citizen does not have.  Even just the ability
for an entity to see information which it legally may not intercept
gives that entity a lot more power than I would ever want to grant them.
I am sure a networked video camera in every room, street corner, and
passenger car is one of the FBI's wet dreams.
No thanks.
Human beings are human beings, and we all have flaws.  That is why there
are companies in Britain selling videos of people caught in the act of
doing something private in a public place.
(Of course, if I were Hillary in this scenario, then I would wish that
the FBI/et al has god-like powers to do anything to stop me, but that
would be an emotionally charged argument and not a rational one.)

@_date: 1996-06-20 09:06:12
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: You bet they have/are: NSA/CIA to snoop INSIDE the U.S.??? 
An US DoJ attorney, but that may not say much.
We discussed this doctine, but it was pointed out to me that as long
as they can come up with some plausible alternative reason for having
the information related to the intercept (say, they were bugging some
suspicious neighbor and "accidentally" tap the wrong phone line) then
I would never find out that the real intercept ever took place.
By law, technically, the phone company/tapping party would have to
let me know that I had been tapped in 30 days.  In practice, I wonder.
Yes.  We discussed this part too.

@_date: 1996-06-20 09:07:44
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: Source Laundering <was: You bet they have/are: NSA/CIA to snoop INSIDE the U.S.???> 
This would be most cool.  In fact, cypherpunks should patent it,
and reap licensing fees from government/military use (keeping it
free for civilian use).

@_date: 1996-06-22 13:07:13
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: For the public record: My submission for the crypto hearings (LONG) 
I would encourage others to submit their opinions ASAP at:
    ------- Forwarded Message
The following testimony was submitted from Please contact Shabbir J. Safdar at shabbir at vtw.org if any information is not Do you use encryption technogies today (e.g., PGP, etc..):
 no
If no, why not:
 Because it is not built in to a lot of the products I use today (e.g.  email As an Internet user, security and encryption are crucial to my
privacy because:
 Both 1 and 2 equally
Tell us more about why you would (or would not) use strong
encryption as an individual Internet user:
 Unlike murder, terrorism, burglary, etc, there are activities which
are socially "borderline", meaning that some people want to outlaw
but some people don't.  There are activities which may be embarassing
to publicly acknowledge, but aren't really illegal.
I firmly believe in our legal system, but I also firmly believe that
there are questionable laws, and today's criminals and trouble makers
could be tomorrow's civil right advocates or Nobel peace prize
winners or freedom fighters.
Encryption does not allow these "questionable" people to murder or
harm anyone.  It is just software.  It is not a knife or a gun.
Unlike what the FBI wants everyone to believe, encryption does not
mean hackers can now break into the Federal Reserve and destroy the
US banking system (in fact, encryption, among many other technologies,
help protect these systems in the first place).
As a business owner or employee, security and encryption are
critical to my business because:
 Both 1 and 2 equally
Tell us more about why you would (or would not) use strong
encryption as a business user of the Internet:
 Hackers, viruses, industrial espionage, privacy, network traffic
control, time stamping, etc.
I don't believe, for a moment, that being a government official
exempts a person from having character flaws or less-than-saintly
behavior.  I don't think they are necessarily any WORSE either,
but I believe everyone is human to some degree.  There are honest
mistakes, there are less-than-honest mistakes, and there may, on
rare occasions, be horrible evil.  We must hold people in power
(governmental and otherwise) to high standards, but we cannot
lower our guard just because we expect them to be saintly.
Given what you know about Key Escrow systems:
 I would use an escrow system only if I could choose the key holder (including my friends, lawyer, accountant, etc.)
Do you think that the government should be able, under certain
circumstances, for a limited time, and only with the specific authorization
of a Judge, have the authority to conduct electronic surveillance in order
protect public safety and national security?
 Yes
Tell us why or why not:
 I think the government should have the resources to be "above
current technology".  They can invest in super-wiz-bang decryption
and surveillance technology that the ordinary person cannot buy
or make.  However, if the ordinary person can buy or make it, then
it is silly to think that a law will make a criminal NOT buy or
make it.  Just look at the illegal weapons trade as an example.
Encryption should be illegal if it a morally, ethically bad thing
to possess or use.  However, making it illegal just because it
becomes extremely inconvenient for law enforcement is like
requiring that every room in every house be installed with a
government-approved video camera, just in case you were involved in
some illegal activity.  Afterall, significant percentages of child
abuse or child molestation (or pick your favorite emotionally-charged
crime) are done within the comfort of the child's home.
This last idea, about the cameras in every room, is not that far off
in some countries.  Britain has cameras in many public areas already.
It would be law enforcement's (excuse the language) "wet dream" to
have such all-seeing access.  The only reason they have not asked for
it is because it would never be acceptable to the public.
But, unlike video cameras, encryption is something which very few
people understand yet, so the FBI can feel okay about asking for
something which only a few "hackers" and "liberals" are against.
What does strict control of encryption buy law enforcement?
Not much.
Encryption is only hides information, but the more globally accepted
illegal behaviors are far more tangible than information.  A murder
assumes that there is a missing person or dead body or traces to be
recovered.  A molested child assumes that there is a child who is
harmed.  No amount of super-military strength encryption can hide
these physical things.
So this issue becomes one of why should we give up privacy for the
sheer convenience of the law enforcement community.
There is also the question of why, no matter how much escrowing,
should there be a strength limitation on encryption?
Who ELSE is trying to decode this stuff besides law enforcement,
who presummably has access to the escrowed keys?
This aspect of the pro-escrow proposals raises all sorts of
questions about just how much hidden abuse is there in the
If you are not a US citizen (and live out side the US) and you
use encryption, please tell us what you use and how you obtained it.
 I am now a citizen, but I was previously a citizen of Taiwan during
some very tough times.  The government was honest about violation of
privacy:  On the phones were clear warnings stating that you should
NOT talk about political issues over the phone; you may be tapped.
That's not a nice situation, but at least they were honest about how
widespread the use of wiretaps would be.  And those were exceptional
times of crisis.
But we, in the US, are not in a time of military-grade crisis.  There
is no foreseeable need for wide-spread imposition of martial law.
There is no uprising, no wide-spread terrorism of any sort.  I just
do not see the need for the surveillance powers that the FBI wants.
Business name:Chromatic Research
Street:615 Tasman Drive, Sunnyvale
Zip code:94089-1707
Phone number:(408) 752-9375
Business WWW URL:
Description of business:
High performance media processors for personal computers.
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1996-06-29 10:10:20
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: News: NEC has encrypted networks ... 
Japanese companies catching up and passing American companies
should scare those Congressional critters into action:
06/27/96 VIRTUAL PRIVATE NETWORKING ADVANCES
PAGE: 1C NEC Technologies' Internet Business Unit has successfully demonstrated
country-to-country virtual private networking during several tests
performed in early June between the San Jose unit and its counterpart
in Tokyo. Virtual private networking promises a secure and
cost-effective alternative to privately leased lines. Most connections
across the Internet are not encrypted and information exchanged is
vulnerable to snoopers. In a virtual private network, encryption is
used to scramble the data.
(From SJ Mercury NewsLibrary)

@_date: 1996-05-23 16:01:02
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: Layman's explanation for limits on escrowed encryption ... 
Could someone with some knowledge of NSA/DoS/FBI intentions please
explain why key length limitations are necessary for escrowed
Please reply by E-Mail.

@_date: 1996-05-25 12:07:35
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: why is no one (apparently) worried about escrowed key length limits? 
It appears that (from the responses I have gotten on why there are key
length limits at all on escrowed encryption) I am not forgetting
anything obvious.
So why is no one seriously questioning why this limit has to be there
for key escrow?
One suggestion was: the NSA does not completely trust key escrow.  But
if the NSA (who should know all the inner secrets of it) cannot
completely trust key escrow, then why should WE trust key escrow?
Obviously, the implication is that brute force (or "near brute force")
methods WILL be used against encrypted transactions.  So in the best
case, there is some lower strata of law enforcement who are only
allowed to use the escrowed path to intercept, but there is also some
upper strata of law enforcement (presumably some anti-terrorist or
national security section of ATF or FBI or CIA or Secret Service) who
will be allowed to use such super-duper cracking methods to achieve
their goals (assuming their goals are good).
But, if the best case happens, then we're all Ozzie and Harriet (or
Archie and Edith), and we should be in a love fest with the
government.  Obviously we don't competely and blindly trust our
So why do we allow the NSA to get away with such a policy?
"Here is something you can use.  We can't completely trust it but it
should be good enough for you folks."
