
@_date: 2000-09-13 16:18:57
@_author: Ian Goldberg 
@_subject: CDR: RSA Patent Expiration Composite Party - Sept. 21 
As most of you know, the RSA patent expires next week (that they issued a press release waiving some rights early notwithstanding).  We've been waiting a *long* time for this, and now we're throwing a long-anticipated party to celebrate!
This is a benefit for the CryptoRights Foundation, which, among other things, promotes the use of cryptography by Human Rights workers in "less-friendly" countries in order to protect both the workers and the people they're trying to interview and help.  [If you've never heard a talk by one of these people who goes to train said human rights workers in the use of crypto and steganography, you should get someone to tell you about it; it's not otherwise obvious how related the fields are, and it's extremely enlightening.]
There will be no charge at the door, but t-shirts and stuff will be available to buy.  You need to reserve (free) tickets in advance, though,
which can be had by emailing .
Below is the full announcement.  Corporate stuff starts at 8, music starts at 10.  Let people know about this, and I hope to see you there!
   - Ian
email with the # of people who plan to attend to
 Entrance is free, but the
Cryptorights Foundation will be accepting donations at the door.
from luminaries in the fields of cryptography and human rights. We
will present awards to various individuals for technical and activist
with by your friendly hosts, John Gilmore and Cindy Cohn from the
Electronic Frontier Foundation. Solve the puzzle (donation
suggested) or buy one vowel and benefit human rights!
with the slamming techno sounds of the San Francisco underground!
Sameer (FnF, Cloudfactory, Urban Wasteland, Mad Hatter, trustcrew)
parties since 1993. In 1999 with some of the crew he met through
Friends & Family he started throwing the legendary Urban Wasteland
parties in urban renegade locations in and around the East Bay. He
also picked up his first slab of wax in early 1999 and has been
playing sick pounding techno at parties around the world since then.
He is also involved in producing a weekly club in Oakland called the
Mad Hatter. Sameer is also known as the founder of C2Net, the company
that pioneered the international development of strong cryptography to
avoid United States export restrictions.
DJ Tektrix (Sister, Tetractys, Influence Recordings)
Tektrix has played alongside DJs such as Forest Green, Twerk, Terrac,
Plateshifter, Mike Sims, Darin Marshall, Sean Murray, J-Bird, Tom L-G,
2x4 with DJ Zeel, Sifu, HoneyB, and Ethan. In 1999 she threw a party
called Circle that took place at the Mother's Cookies Warehouse,
conducted weekly live internet and pirate radio broadcasts on Vulcan
Free Radio, and this year became a resident at Tetractys and Sister.
She has played at parties such as Static, Circle, Overworld, and
Forest Green (Cloudfactory, Sister, XLR8R, technologix, FnF)
several years. She has traveled both across the nation and into Canada
to bring the sick Techno sound to those in need. you might also know
her as one of the starring DJs from the hit underground movie Groove!
