
@_date: 2005-12-02 12:07:32
@_author: Ian Clarke 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] darknet ~= (blacknet, f2f net) 
As Michael Rogers pointed out, I am not sure this is as clear-cut as
you suggest, the goal for Freenet 0.7 is very close to the idea
outlined in the caption for Fig. 3 of the Microsoft Darknet paper,
which is a friend-to-friend network.
That paper may be the first common usage of the term "darknet", but so
far as I can see, it contains no concise definition of what a
"darknet" is.  I would therefore say that there is no authorative
basis on which to invalidate any particular definition of the term
that is broadly within the area of P2P networks which conceal user
As such, defining the term "darknet" as a f2f network that is designed
to conceal the activities of its participants (this being, so far as I
have seen, one of the main motivations for building an f2f network),
is as valid a definition as any other I have seen (and more useful
than most).
As a side-point, I think it is somewhat pejorative to say that any
technology is "designed" for illegal usage, just because it conceals
user activity and therefore may be capable of illegal usage.  There
are many legal reasons why people might wish to preserve their
anonymity and privacy.
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at zgp.org
Here is a web page listing P2P Conferences:
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-12-03 09:49:51
@_author: Ian Clarke 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] darknet ~= (blacknet, f2f net) 
I do wish you would refer to these networks as those which allow the
covert transmission of information, rather than those which are used
for the illegal transmission of information - since I am not aware of
any networks that are specifically designed for the illegal
transmission of information.  I think this would help alleviate the
political problem you raise later in your email.
If you broaden your definition of set 1 to be networks which are used
for the covert transmission of information (I think this is a more
useful definition for the set as not all covert activity is illegal),
then I am not sure, in practice, how many networks will fall into set
2 that aren't also members of set 1, in fact, I can't think of any
non-contrived situations where one would create a f2f network
motivated by something other than a desire to be covert in some way.
I'm not going to spend time dissecting their paper to determine
exactly what BEPW's intention was for the term "darknet", certainly
they could have been much more explicit about this if they wanted to,
and they use the term in contradictory ways throughout their paper.
For example, they refer to "the darknet" as if there is only one, but
subsequenly refer to "darknets".  Given this vagueness, I can't
imagine that is was their goal to provide an authorative definition
for the term.
While we can debate what BEPW intended the term to mean when they used
it in their paper, this is ultimately irrelevant.  Software engineers
often seem to forget that English isn't like a programming language
where a designer specifies an unambigous definition at the outset
(Richard Stallman is particularly guilty of this).  The meaning of
words in English is a consensus that is arrived at over time, and
eventually finds its way into a dictionary (long) after that consensus
is stable.  The BEPW paper is one early voice in that
consensus-forming process.  Mine is another, yours is another still.
I am not sure that they were a direct inspiration.  We (Freenet) have
been concerned about the fact that Freenet was harvestable for several
years now.  Around spring this year I made the observation that if
human relationships form a small world network, it should be possible
to assign locations to people such that we form a Kleinberg-style
small world network, and thus we could make the network routable.
Oskar Sandberg then suggested a way to do this, and we set about
validating the concept using simulations.
I think a much better way to avoid this nasty political consequence is
to stop describing set 1 in terms of illegal activity, but rather
describe such networks as being "covert", or "anonymity preserving" -
neither of which implies illegal activity (it is perfectly legal to be
anonymous in most countries whose legal systems I am familiar with).
Or just 2, since I think the sets 1^2 and 2 are, in practical terms,
virtually identical.
That is surprising.  Are you aware of any current or proposed f2f
networks for which concealment of user activity is not a goal?
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at zgp.org
Here is a web page listing P2P Conferences:
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2011-12-24 23:22:08
@_author: Ian Clarke 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Tahrir 
Hi all, just wanted to introduce myself, and share a bit more about Tahrir,
which I believe has been discussed here recently.
I'm the founder and coordinator of the Freenet project, perhaps the
earliest P2P anti-censorship technology, the first version being released
in March 2000.  Freenet has been under active development ever since,
employing one full-time developer for much of the decade since we began.
 In a recent surveyof
Chinese anti-censorship tool users, Freenet came out on top, so it
the project is still very relevant today.
One of my more recent projects is called Tahrir.  Tahrir was inspired by my
conversations over the years about the real needs of democracy activists in
a variety of countries that lack freedom of speech, and over a decade of
experience building anti-censorship tools (and many many mistakes doing
I've realized that many anti-censorship tools lean heavily towards
attacking the problems their developers find intellectually stimulating,
rather than those actually experienced by people in the trenches.  We've
certainly been guilty of that from time to time with Freenet.
One example of this is that bandwidth can be very limited in many of the
countries we are interested in helping, particularly China, and yet most
P2P systems treat bandwidth like a near-infinite resource.
Tahrir aims to tackle this and other problems head-on.  It is an
ultra-low-bandwidth secure, decentralized microblogging platform.  The
initial release is intended to have functionality similar to Twitter, but
it will be extensible well beyond that.
Initially it will be a desktop app that requires a (slow) internet
connection, but down the line it can run on mobile phones, and operate in
an "ad-hoc" mode relaying over wifi and other short-range connections.
I've been working on Tahrir since March, although other pressures on my
time have prevented me from making much progress in recent months.
My approach has been ground-up and I've attempted to stick closely to
modern best-practices for Java coding.  So far I've implemented:
   - A low-level encrypted reliable UDP transport capable of UDP
   hole-punching
   - A very space-efficient serialization mechanism to convert POJOs into
   bytes and back again
   - A very convenient RPC mechanism built on top of the above two
   mechanisms (similar to the approach used by GWT)
   - A convenient set of cryptographic primitives that integrates nicely
   with the above
You can read more about this architecture here:
I have been keeping relatively quiet about my work on Tahrir so as not to
distract too much attention from Freenet, but I really want to move things
forward after several months of dormancy.  To do this I primarily need
smart Java coders, who I will be happy to bring up to speed on the
codebase.  The top priority is to get to a working prototype ASAP, and then
begin iteratively improving from there (in line with the "release early,
release often" open source mantra).
You can learn a lot more about what I've done to-date here, in addition to
checking out the source code: I'm also very happy to answer any questions anyone might have about Tahrir,
and I hope that some of you are interested in helping.
