
@_date: 1997-11-04 23:19:25
@_author: Ian Clysdale 
@_subject: S/MIME 
I'm sorry, but I have to disagree on that one.  S/MIME DOES use 40 bit RC2, by the standard, but the standard specifically states the weakness of those keys, and recommends using another implementation.  The standard strongly recommends the use of triple-DES, and apparently the Communicator and Outlook S/MIME triple-DES now interoperates properly.  Deming has also had a plugin which does triple-DES for quite a while.  In addition, individual vendors are allowed to put in any other algorithms into an S/MIME implementation that they desire - for example, the default algorithm in Entrust's S/MIME implementation is CAST-128.
The point that I'm trying to make here is that while PGP defines both algorithm and protocol, S/MIME just defines protocol.  As long as you have two clients which share common algorithms, then you can use any algorithms that you like with S/MIME.
Sent:  Monday, November 03, 1997 9:34 PM
No. S/MIME uses 40 bit keys, which are trivially breakable by brute-force key search attacks.
Jonathan Wienke

@_date: 1997-11-05 00:02:04
@_author: Ian Clysdale 
@_subject: S/MIME 
This is not true.
If you read the S/MIME specs it says one MUST implement the RC2/40
algorithm. A MUST in an RFC has a very definate purpose: If an does not implement all MUST sections of the RFC then it is not To create an S/MIME compliant application one MUST implement RC2/40 one MUST pay RSA to do so!!
   Umm....  If you read what I wrote, you will see that I said "S/MIME DOES implement 40 bit RC2, but it ALSO implements XXXXXXXX.  Personally, I'd rather see even weak crypto getting world-wide deployment than seeing no crypto getting out because of stupid draconian export laws.  However much you may dislike their "weak crypto", Netscape and Microsoft are getting more seats of crypto-compliant software out there than PGP ever has.  And once the infrastructure is out there where everyone can use weak crypto, people will (hopefully) realize that it is insecure, and shift to stronger algorithms that ARE supported currently in domestic US/Canada versions, and which I'm sure someone outside of the States will have coming out in the near future, if they're not already there.
Netscape, Microsoft, and RSA are letting thier greed get in the way developing a message encryption protocol that provides strong crypto ALL users.
   Either that, or Netscape, Microsoft, and RSA are being practical and doing something that will legally put SOME cryptography in the hands of everyone today.  It's all in how you look at it.

@_date: 1997-11-05 01:01:33
@_author: Ian Clysdale 
@_subject: S/MIME 
There is an old saying in the Security Field: "Poor Security is worse no security at all".
I doubt that you would find few if any that would agree with you that is a good thing having the masses using weak crypto. At least the US
members of the Open-PGP group are willing to sacrifice overseas sales the effort to provide STRONG crypto to EVERYONE. It is the right thing do. I am sorry to see that you do not uderstand this.
   Sorry, I'm going to continue to take a viewpoint that I suspect is rather unpopular in this list, and argue for the advantages of weak crypto in certain circumstances, when it is KNOWN to be weak.   The phrase "Poor security is worse than no security" refers to the dangers in assuming that your communications are secure, even when they're not.  If you know that your cryptography is weak, it can still sometimes be sufficient for your purposes. What weak cryptography does is protect from passive attacks, such as simple wire-tapping.  While an RC2/40 message can be trivially broken in a matter of hours, it can't be broken in real-time.  If EVERYONE used even RC2/40, then passive attacks would be foiled, because the  just isn't going to bother breaking every single transmitted    Now, of course, if you're doing something where you don't want your communications to be intercepted under any circumstances, then you want to be using something stronger than RC2/40.  However, S/MIME doesn't prevent that at all.  DES is a published standard, and I'm waiting for somebody outside of the USA to implement triple-DES with S/MIME.  This will inter-operate with Outlook and Netscape clients inside the USA (theoretically).
   Including a minimum baseline of weak cryptography is NOT denying strong cryptography to everyone.  Once the patent on RC2 expires (which is very soon) or if RSA gets dropped on their head and finally does the intelligent move of releasing it to the public domain, then S/MIME provides an expandable infrastructure for secure mail, with a huge user base already out there, and in a form much more spoonable to the unwashed masses.

@_date: 1997-10-20 22:53:59
@_author: Ian Clysdale 
@_subject: One-Way Functions 
Yes, there are a number of other one-way functions.  The Diffie-Hellman
algorithm relies on the difficulty in taking logarithms versus finding
an exponent.  Elliptic-curve cryptography relies on some rather
complicated group theory.  Look either of those up to find out some more
If you're interested in learning about this kind of stuff, I HIGHLY
recommend Bruce Schneier's Applied Cryptography.  Another good book is
the Handbook of Applied Cryptography by Paul Van Oorschot, Alfred
Menenzes and Scott Vanstone.
