
@_date: 1994-08-02 18:35:24
@_author: Ian Farquhar 
@_subject: The Terrorists are coming! 
Out of curiousity, is anyone aware of whether the USSR employed PAL's
(Permissive Activation Links) in their strategic nuclear weaponary?  If so,
is anyone aware of how secure the PAL's the Soviets actually used were?
There was a rumor on USENET some time back that the Soviets were using RSA
in their PAL's, but it sounded too much like an urban myth to me.

@_date: 1994-08-03 15:57:10
@_author: Ian Farquhar 
@_subject: DES Flames 
As a cipher which is completely secure against all levels of attack, yes.
DES would still be suitable for tactical encryption where the lifetime of
the information is less than a few minutes (and is useless past that time),
or in situations where your adversary known, unique and is not well funded.
Outside these categories, I would say that most, not "some", people who are
familiar with the issues worry about the strength of DES.
Always has been, which was a point (Diffie?) made right at the beginning.
The problem is that it has now reached the point where the resources needed
to construct a brute-force search engine are commercially available.  Given
the current development of FPGA's and so forth, I would predict that within
three to five years you will be able to do a brute-force search using
commercially available off-the-shelf FPGA arrays.
That is the supposition.  DES is not a group (proven), and so it is assumed
that 3DES gives a keyspace to search which is not practical even in the
distant future.
1. 3DES is not as secure as we think.  I do not believe that NIST has
   said anything about this one way or the other, and their silence is
   rather interesting.
2. 3DES IS as secure as we think (or nearly so), and they know it, and they
   are keeping us in the dark because they do not want to give any of us
   strong non-escrowed encryption.  The FUD principle.
3. 3DES is stronger than DES, but not as strong as we all think.  The NSA
   is not willing to specify a cipher whose key entropy is not a substantial
   portion of it's keysize.
Let's assume (2).
What makes me wonder is that the NSA was obviously aware of the possibilities
of superencryption back in the 1970's, and I would have expected them specify
the production of a cipher which WAS a group to defeat this.  Options:
a. It is not possible to produce a secure cipher which is a group (anyone got
   any comments on this thought?  I must admit that it is not something I
   have given a lot of thought to, and I certainly have no mathematical backing
   for this supposition.)
b. The NSA didn't know how to produce a cipher which was a groups.  Let's
   not have any "the NSA can do anything" arguments, please.  I am positive
   that they have quite amazing skills in cipher design, but they're not
   all powerful.  Because of this, they're sitting tight and hoping that
   we won't notice.
c. The NSA didn't care (unlikely).
d. The NSA did care, expected to specify it when DES became unviable (which
   is a really neat solution, if you consider the installed base and the
   fact that it is mostly a software update in the drivers even for the
   hardware implementations).  Then the political climate changed in the USA,
   civilian crypto started to make the management nervous, and they shelved
   the idea.
I go for (d).  Anyone else?

@_date: 1994-08-04 15:35:12
@_author: Ian Farquhar 
@_subject: URGENT:  Please Tell Congress to Allow Encryption Export 
Reading this, I was reminded that I have rarely seen any mention on the net
as to one of the reasons why the "national security" wand is so effective with
many politicians.
Imagine this: you're a politician.  If you're a US politician in particular
you will be correctly told that you are, by virtue of your position, a target
for a lot of "extremeist" groups and terrorism.  You will then be told that one
of the main weapons on your side is the tremendous security infrastructure
which has been constructed to intercept and prevent acts of violence against
the government (ie. you).  They'd probably then drop little pieces of
information - strictly secret of course to make sure that you treated them
with the proper respect - which would leave you with the impression that
these guys do such a good job of protecting YOUR ass.  They might even have
some intelligence showing your name on some documents from some politicial
organisation with a violent tendencies, and who wouldn't be a bit
worried after that?
After this little speech, you'll have had the presence and influence of
the various security services entwined with the protection of your very
life.  It's been personalised for you in a very intimate way, and for most
politicians, this is works.  It's always worth bearing in mind when you see
one of them do an abrupt 180 degree turn after a visit from the spooks.

@_date: 1994-08-07 17:30:05
@_author: Ian Farquhar 
@_subject: URGENT:  Please Tell Congress to Allow Encryption Export 
The original point was an explanation as to one of the reasons why politicians
can do unaccountable 180 degree turns of opinion when entering politics.  As
such it had everything to do with being a politician.  Your point that it
is a manifestation of a more general desire for security is valid, but you
missed the main point at issue here.

@_date: 1994-08-09 16:25:48
@_author: Ian Farquhar 
@_subject: Digital Telephony Act 
One of the things which has to be worrying the spooks right now is that
communications in general is swiftly becoming an international business, and
much less susceptible to parochial arm-twisting.  The days of the Black
Chamber when the cable companies bosses could be talked into releasing
for the good of their country are receeding into the distance, and this
really must worry the TLA's we all have come to know and love.  None of this
is news for any of us.
I have often felt that bills like Digital Telephony have a much deeper
motive, in that although they seem a lot less than justifiable now, it may be
that the spooks are trying to beat the technology and have a surveillance
infrastructure in place simply so that it's existance can either frustrate
or influence the structure of international communications infrastructure.
It would he hard for any country to demand the inclusion of monitoring
facilities in a new system, but it is MUCH easier for them to point out that
the new system really should be able to provide the same "law enforcement"
facilities as the existing infrastructure does.
Just an idle thought.

@_date: 1994-08-10 01:07:24
@_author: Ian Farquhar 
@_subject: No more NSA supra-computer? 
Well, I would imagine that it would be GCHQ in that case, but nevermind.
MI5 is the UK equivalent of the FBI.
In the case of an Australian mentioning something the NSA did not want
mentioned, I would point out the existance of the UKUSA agreement (on which
Australia is a signatory).  I doubt that the DSD would contact anyone,
they're rather pleasingly careful about not exceeding their charter.  However,
I would not be surprised if ASIO made a phone call and asked someone to
cease and desist.

@_date: 1994-08-18 15:12:46
@_author: Ian Farquhar 
@_subject: NSA Spy Machine and DES 
Actually, I would be surprised if the "SIMD" processors were not a huge
array of reprogrammable FPGA's, quite possibly Xilinx's.  The possibilities
of a large array of these chips, each with local memory, is quite
interesting.  I have personally seen an array of 64 Xilinx chips in a DEC PeRL
box doing RSA, at speeds similar or better to almost all available custom
hardware implementations of the cipher.
BTW, with a purchase of half a million chips, economies of scale would get
the devices well within budget.

@_date: 1994-08-18 22:49:48
@_author: Ian Farquhar 
@_subject: NSA spy machine 
Don't confuse Cray Computer Corporation (CCC) with Cray Research
Incorporated (CRI).  The former was formed from the later, with a cash grant of
several hundred million dollars and Seymour Cray as head designer.  Prior
to this, the Cray vector range had split into two different streams.
One was the series which went from the Cray I through the X-MP into the
Y-MP series.  They were essentially variations on the same architecture, and
stressed compatibility with previous models.  This range is still aggressively
supported by CRI, which is doing quite well for an exclusively supercomputing
vendor.  They're even learning that the entire world doesn't have multibillion
dollar budgets (hence the EL, EL92 and Jedi models).
The second range began at the Cray I as well, and then went to the Cray II
(designed by SC, still part of CRI at the time).  Then came the split,
and Seymour headed off into CCC, taking his GaAs Cray III project with him,
and CRI stayed with the highly successful [XY]-MP line.
size of a small filing cabinet.  It's CPU is manufactured from GaAs, although
the main memory is still silicon.  Because of the signal propogation timings
involved in running with a 2nS clock, they've ground the wafers down to
0.125 mm thick to pack more of them into the same space.  There is a very
interesting ACM talk given by Seymour Cray which details all of this, and it
is widely available on video.  This is not meant with any disrespect to him,
but I was surprised to find that he is a very entertaining speaker.
Why Thinking Machines over CCC, or even CRI for that matter?  After all
CRI have the rather interesting T3D system.
Secret: take lots and lots and lots of money, use the most exotic packaging
technologies you can find, pay lots and lots of attention to your memory
system and cache, don't forget the importance of a nicely balanced
architecture (meaning that I/O does matter), don't forget the importance of
good compilers, and implement bit counting instructions just like the NSA
tells you to.
Hardly a secret, don't you think?
   I am not speaking for SGI, folks.

@_date: 1994-08-21 16:42:27
@_author: Ian Farquhar 
@_subject: NSA spy machine 
No, it's not.  See below.
I agree, but I was not talking about that amount of money.  My point possibly
would have been better stated as being "don't worry about the price".
You're talking about silicon fab lines here, Tim.  As far as I am aware, Cray
has never fab it's own chips.  Indeed, most of their boards which I have
seen (I, II, Y-MP/8 and Y-MP/EL) have used chips sourced from fairly well-
known vendors, such as VLSI Technologies.
The original series of systems (I, II and X-MP) actually used huge numbers
of three types of chips.  From memory, one was a couple of NAND gates, one
was a register chip, and the third was a couple of K of SRAM.  More recently,
the full Y-MP's have been implemented in commercial ECL gate arrays (6500
gates per chip for the full Y-MP's), and the original EL used CMOS 100K
arrays.  I have been trying to get one of the computing industries choicest
pieces of marketting junk: the Cray Y-MP Gate Array paperweight. :)  Of
course, given my recent career change, I don't think one will be coming
my way anytime soon for some strange reason....
Comparing Cray with Intel is rather specious, because the companies are
entirely different beasts.  Intel's supercomputing division is a tack-on
to it's high-end chip line.  Cray never has had a division even vaguely
like the Intel CPU divisions.
Not a fair comparison, really.  Sun is the bottom end of the RISC system
market, and is being continually trounced by almost everyone else.  Comparing
the Pentium to our R4400 chips, or HP's PA, or DEC's Alpha would be much more
instructive, and not nearly as favorable to Pentium.
No, I am not knocking Pentium.  Within it's design limitations it's an
interesting accomplishment.  But those design limitations are crippling.
Agreed.  But the points I was making concerned a comment from the previous
posters about Seymour Cray's design "secrets", NOT the current grant of money
Cray's traditional client-base is money rich, and possess problem sets which
are not practical on conventional architectures.  Those conventional
architectures exist within a cost/afforability framework which limits the
technologies that they can use.  Cray is not unlimited, but it is not nearly
as limited.  They've also got a hidden advantage in that if they do make
a _really_ bad business decision (and I'd say personally that the Cray-III had
been one such), then their customers will probably support them just to
their current systems.  It's a nice position to be in.
So it's not that Cray has lots and lots of money, but that you can assume that
your customer base will have.
Lots of people disregard the implications of putting quarter of a million ECL
chips into a column a metre round and a metre and a half high (ie. the Cray
You have BIG heat problems, and in some configurations even flourinert
immersion isn't going to work.
A lot of the cost of these systems is packaging, and Cray really pushes
the state of the art here.  In Seymour Cray's speech to the ACM, he mentions
that fluid immersion of PCB's had never been tried before, as everyone thought
that the boards would bloat.  But they tried it, and the boards were fine,
with the added bonus that because the heat was much more evenly distributed,
the machines were considerably more reliable than expected.
(BTW, for those people who want to lecture me that Cray's don't have caches,
just consider the different terminology.  Vector registers are nothing more
than user directed data caches, and Crays call their instruction cache
an "instruction buffer".)
As many RISC system manufactures have found, you can put the fastest CPU's
into machines, but without a damn good memory design they spent most of their
time waiting.
Cray's CPU's are not particularly complex.  Cray estimates 1.5 million
transistors to implement a Y-MP CPU.  Most modern RISC CPU's are considerably
more complex than this.
It's the Cray memory system, which on most of the traditional vector machines
is implemented in 10-15nS SRAM with four ports to memory from EACH CPU, that
is the spectacular part of the design.  What Cray uses for main memory (M90
and EL series excepted), most other vendors use for cache.
(Of course, I have to say that SGI's Power Challenge memory systems are getting
pretty impressive too, now.  You can't avoid it if you're supporting the
sorts of performance our newer supercomputer-class systems provide.)
Lots of the Japanese supercomputing vendors forgot this.  Their peak MFLOP
performance was really spectacular, but with real applications they looked
a lot less spectacular.  The data set size of most applications which are
worth running on supercomputers is HUGE, but it's useless if you cannot get
the data too and from disk in less time than it takes to process it.
Cray has been known to ship systems without even an operating system, it's
true, but only very early on.  Unless you ship _good_ compilers, most of the
applications for the machine won't get written.  Sure, you can program in
CAL, but most people won't.
Ok, I was being facetious here.  But it masks a good point: customer service
is important, and companies with tiny installed bases (eg. the Cray II sold
a total of 31 systems), need to look after their customers.  Lots of other
supercomputer vendors who rolled nice boxes out of the door and then just
went into a backroom to design the next without any customer involvement
don't exist anymore.
Disclaimer: I am NOT speaking for SGI.

@_date: 1994-08-21 17:21:50
@_author: Ian Farquhar 
@_subject: NSA Spy Machine and DES 
That is a rather sweeping statement.  Want to back this up with some facts
and figures from real FPGA implementations?  Certainly the early bit-slice
designs you mention later on did suffer from these problems, but FPGA's
bear little relationship to those rather venerable devices.
Because the FPGA solution is obviously less flexible, but a hell of a lot
faster than software simulation of another architecture.  In this application
speed will win every time.
But this application is NOT building in volume.  And yes, people do still
built multichip CPU's: most traditional supercomputing and mainframe vendors
for a start.  Indeed, I would be surprised if this application didn't design
it's own FPGA (for ease of interfacing with the comms network for a start),
but I'd argue that a SIMD configuration of reconfigurable FPGA arrays (ie.
a fixed array of reconfigurable arrays) would be an awesome system for
many problems that the NSA would deal with.

@_date: 1994-08-21 17:32:42
@_author: Ian Farquhar 
@_subject: NSA Spy Machine and DES 
You seem to be assuming here that DES cracking is all this machine will
do, which is something I really doubt.  As Phil Zimmerman pointed out some
time ago, there are lots of other interesting applications which SIGINT
operations perform.  Signals analysis is one he mentioned, and I'd also add
the computationally expensive tactical and traffic analysis operations
(ie. scanning masses of data items searching for significant correlations).
Examples of this might be noticing an increase in the use of enciphered
military comms from one country's border, and thus deducing (without
necessarily breaking the cipher) that a military buildup is occuring
along this border.  Sure, this sounds easy, but if your surveillance network
intercepts a hundred thousand transmissions worldwide per day, correllating the
lot for this sort of information is not a simple task.  Amusingly, such
mass analysis is now filtering down to the commercial level, and the term
which is used is "data mining".
You might also like to consider the automated analysis, sorting and indexing
of the terrabytes of textual information which the NSA would intercept every
day.  There is no way they could ever employ enough people to read it all, so
it is almost certain that automated sieves are being used for this application.
In summary: the NSA does more than breaking codes, and their computers are
not only used to run through lists of keys for DES encoded intercepts.

@_date: 1994-08-23 15:50:43
@_author: Ian Farquhar 
@_subject: NSA Spy Machine and DES 
I stand corrected.  It was indeed Phil Karn, and not Phil Zimmerman.

@_date: 1994-08-29 17:29:46
@_author: Ian Farquhar 
@_subject: Nuclear Weapons Material 
I heard a rumor (from several independent sources) which indicated that the
firing sequences are essentially encrypted detonator timings that are passed
through the PAL, which decrypts it but makes no value judgement about the
timings themselves. If the timings are wrong, you get a messy squib explosion
which will make a mess for about 100m around the detonation site, and which
will totally destroy the weapon beyond any hope of recovery.
Whether this true is anyone's guess, and there is a lot of quite deliberate
disinformation concerning nuclear weaponary.  Considering that one known
fact is that the original fatboy contained 64 detonators, and that we'd be
talking about timing in hundreds of microseconds, a back of the envelope
calculation indicates that the amount of timing information would be ~900 bits
for a similar device.  If this keyspace is indeed heavily permuted, so that no
intelligent judgements could be made which would reduce the searchable
keyspace, this seems to be rather secure.  Obvious layers of further protection
(eg. adding a counter which will restrict the lifetime of a particular
firing sequence) are also possible.

@_date: 1994-08-31 15:34:35
@_author: Ian Farquhar 
@_subject: Government and Repression 
On whose reconning?!  At the very least, the US is one of the largest users
of capital punishment - including being one of the few countries where
children can be tried as adults and executed - which sounds very comfortable
to me.  And let's not forget the rather unpleasant physical and sexual
assault statistics which are noticed in prisons worldwide, which includes
the USA.
Want to back this up with some reliable references?  I am very aware of
the criticisms of the Australian prison systems, and would be the first
to agree that massive reform is needed.  But I have never seen reference
to this, and don't believe that it would be possible to supress it in
this circumstance.

@_date: 1994-07-26 16:46:47
@_author: Ian Farquhar 
@_subject: CYPHERPUNKS TO THE RESCUE 
You'll need to allow support for multiple transmitters, as many doors need
such support.  This is a trivial modification:
The base station will need to keep the current key counter for each transmitter
it stores, indexed by unit_id.
Of course, one could also argue that the presence of the counter is
as the receiver and transmitter both should KNOW what it's value/acceptable
range is, and transmitting it in the clear is unnecessary.
I would still argue that some sort of very coarse (~5 minute accuracy would be
sufficient) timestamp would be very useful here, although clock drift is still
problem (unless the base station tracked and recorded the drift).
Preferably NOT over an air-interface of any kind.
Bear in mind, folks, that almost all current systems are cleartext-to-air
passwords, usually 8 or 10 bits in length.  I have pulled apart enough units
to know, and it's amazing how many of their passwords are set to 0000000000!

@_date: 1994-09-01 15:35:26
@_author: Ian Farquhar 
@_subject: Government and Repression 
But he doesn't play like the "big boys".  For one thing, the kid doesn't
enjoy the full rights of an adult in other respects - voting and
representation - and so has not had the right to vote draconian and immoral
laws (the very laws you want to subject him to) out of existance.
Slightly off topic, but I have always felt that the quality of the education
system could be IMMENSELY improved by giving kids the vote at age 10 or 12,
and thus making the politicians realise that there were political implications
in treating the education system as a barely necessary irritation.
Of course, you've got to question whether capital punishment is _ever_
justified, and I would argue that it isn't.  This is way, way off the topic
of cypherpunks, and I don't intend to get into that discussion on this
forum.  I am very glad to live in a country which has signed international
conventions which prohibit it indulging in brutal and callous judicial
murder of a person, despite the occasional state government loony who
pines for the good old days.
I don't believe that it has: from memory it was pretty much average in this
regard.  My point was that the original poster's statement that the US has
the most "pleasant" prisons in the world when this can happen at all is
utterly ridiculous.

@_date: 1994-09-01 15:52:56
@_author: Ian Farquhar 
@_subject: $10M breaks MD5 in 24 days 
Not necessarily.  If you're forging some packet, certificate or file, it is
often adequate to have just a couple of fields (potentially a few bits)
which contain data you want, and the rest can be garbage.  If your search
engine could fix these and play with the rest of the packet, the chances are
good (but decreasing with the more bits you use for a fixed size packet) that
you will find a packet which will have the correct signature _and_ contain the
forged data you need.  If you can play with the packet size, then your chances
of finding a match increase.

@_date: 1994-09-06 16:02:58
@_author: Ian Farquhar 
@_subject: Aust crypto regulations 
It's kinda interesting, because another contact I have in DSD said that
he wasn't aware of any restrictions on the distribution of crypto
software.  This may have been simply a personal lack of knowledge, but it
also may indicate the obscurity of the restriction itself.  It also interests
me in that their charter gives DSD absolutely no responsibility for the
control of domestic crypto.
Anyway, if there are any other Australians on the list apart from Matthew
and myself, I think a few letters to our respective members of Federal
parliament are in order now.  This law not acceptable, and I am pretty sure
that most politicians won't support the spooks in this matter (the fact that
Matthew has had such a hard time finding out makes me suspect that this is
regulation might have been slipped in "under wraps", and I see the fingerprints
of the AG's Law Enforcement Advisory Committee all over it).  If we can
coordinate this, all the better.
Unfortunately, my MP is the Right Honorable Paul Keating, MP (Prime Minister),
and his position reduces the time he spends on constituency matters somewhat.
It's not going to stop me trying, though.
