
@_date: 2002-06-23 01:35:27
@_author: ianroebuck2002 at yahoo.com 
@_subject: I Saw Your Webpage 
Greetings -
I understand you are interested in making some money, and thought
you might be interested in this.
A few months back I joined a program and then...promptly forgot
about it. You may have done this yourself sometime...you intend
to work the program but then get caught in your day-to-day
activities and it's soon forgotten.
The program was free to join so maybe I just didn't take it very
Anyway, near the end of May I received a letter from my
sponsor (Vic Patalano) informing me that I had more than 2000
PAID members in my group!
As you can imagine, I was very skeptical. After all, how could I
have more than 2000 paid members under me in a program that I had
never promoted?
I took the time to check out the site...then wrote to Vic asking
for confirmation that these were paid members and not just free
sign-ups...like me :)
Well, it was true...I had 2365 paid members in my group. This
is a program that I had never worked!
All I had to do was upgrade to a paid membership before the end
of the month and I would have my position locked in and a
group of 2365 people.
You can bet I wasted no time in getting my membership upgraded!
I can tell you, if I had known what was happening with this
program, I would have become an active paid member months ago!
With this program, you will get a HUGE group of PAID MEMBERS.
My sponsor's check, which is a minimum of $5,000, arrives every
month...on time.
How would you like to lock your position in FREE while you check
out this opportunity and watch your group grow?
To grab a FREE ID simply reply to:  ianroebuck at excite.com   and write this phrase:
"Email me details about the club's business and consumer opportunities"
Be sure to include your:
1. First name
2. Last name
3. Email address (if different from above)
Once I receive your reply, I will submit your information and you will receive an e-mail from us requesting that you confirm for your FREE Membership.
We will then send you a special report, along with your Free Membership ID Number and also let you know how you can keep track of your growing group, then you can make up your own mind.
That's all there is to it.
Warm regards,
P.S. After having several negative experiences with network
marketing companies I had pretty much given up on them.
This company is different--it offers value, integrity, and a
REAL opportunity to have your own home-based business...
and finally make real money on the internet.
Don't pass this up..you can sign up and test-drive the
program for FREE.  All you need to do is get your free
"This email is sent in compliance with strict anti-abuse and NO SPAM
regulations. The message was sent to you as a response to your ad, an opt-in
opportunity, your address was collected as a result of you posting to one of
my links, reviewing your web site, you answering one of my classified ads,
you have sent me an E-mail, or you unknowingly had your e-mail added to an
opt-in mailing list. You may remove your E-mail address at no cost to you
whatsoever, simply use the address above and write "Remove Me" in the subject
