
@_date: 1996-08-06 05:46:10
@_author: Igor Chudov 
@_subject: Integrating PGP 3.0 Library with INN 
Has anyone thought of integrating PGP 3.0 library with INN? I was thinking along the lines of having PGPMoose support built
right into INN: if an arriving article is posted to a moderated
newsgroup for which a PGP key is available in the INN's keyring,
INN verifies existence and correctness of a PGP signature.
An article that fails this verification will be dropped. Same thing can be used for authenticating newgroup and rmgroup
messages, in the spirit of true freedom on usenet -- anyone would
be sent _their own_ newgroups and rmgroups but no one will
be impersonated.
For those not familar with PGP Moose, it is a program that was written
by Greg Rose. It is used for signing approvals on usenet articles. It
takes message body, several important header fields, signs them with
PGP and places the signatures in the headers, in order not to clobber the
If moderators choose short enough keys (512 bits for example), this
verification will not take any significant amount of CPU time.

@_date: 1996-07-25 03:27:37
@_author: Igor Chudov 
@_subject: Brute Force attack Question 
I've been thinking about brute force attacks, and there is something
that I do not understand. Maybe someone could explain me where I am
Suppose Alice sends letters to BoB, and they always exchange plain text ASCII data. Suppose also that they use DES for encryption.
They are afraid that Perry intercepts their messages and tries to brute
force their DES key.
Perry has 100,000 computers (and 20,000 couriers alone:) and his brute
force attacks are as follows: he tries all keys in succession, looks at
the decrypted texts, and *if* the decrypted text looks like a potential
message (has only ASCII characters for example) he looks at that key closer
as it is likely that he has found the right key.
What is Alice and Bob decide to obscure their letters and add random
NON-ASCII  characters at random places? They may agree to just ignore
all non-ASCII characters, so these characters would never change the
meaning of their letters. If they do that, Perry does not have any easy
way to tell whether he really recovered the right plaintext or not, because
even correct key would still produce a lot of non-ASCII characters.
If percentage of ASCII characters in all 256 byte space is 40%, Alice
and Bob may agree to put in junk characters to make up exactly 60% of
the message. This way messages will look like random character data.
Is there any good method for attackers to circumvent this obscurity?
What is the general method to make a judgment whether the recovered
text really is a plain text if Alice and Bob noisify their letters?
I can think of this: we sift through all recovered plaintexts and remove
all non-ASCII bytes, and then do some simple testing to see whether
the remaining ASCII data resembles normal English texts. This kind
of testing seems to be quite expensive though, compared to just testing
for ASCII vs. non-ascii bytes. Anything else I am missig?

@_date: 1996-07-26 01:52:47
@_author: Igor Chudov 
@_subject: Twenty Bank Robbers -- Game theory:) 
Here's a puzzle for our game theorists.
Twenty cypherpunks robbed a bank. They took 20 million bucks. Here's
how they plan to split the money: they stay in line, and the first guy
suggests how to split the money. Then they vote on his suggestion. If
50% or more vote for his proposal, his suggestion is adopted.
Otherwise they kill the  first robber and now it is the turn of guy to make another splitting proposal. Same voting rules apply.
The question is, what will be the outcome? How will they split the
money, how many robbers will be dead, and so on?

@_date: 1996-07-26 06:11:32
@_author: Igor Chudov 
@_subject: Twenty Bank Robbers -- CLARIFICATION 
I forgot to say what the GOALS are. The goals of every individual
cypherpunk are (in from highest to lowest priority): 1. Stay alive
2. Get as much money as possible
3. Keep as many cypherpunks alive as possible, all other things being equal.
