
@_date: 2013-10-10 10:13:51
@_author: Ian Bowers 
@_subject: [pfSense] Can pfSense be considered trusted? What implementations of VPNs can now be trusted? 
1)  I don't have the expertise to talk about RNGs in such a way that I feel
confident that my response is something other people should actually listen
to.  The good ones are based on thermal noise or some other sort of "truly"
random source.  but flaws in the software that processes this can make it
less random.  This is a rabbit hole I've chosen not to dive down yet, but
made it a point to be aware of and follow along with as things unfold.  So
I'll defer to others here.
2) Apologies for answering out of order, but it's early and my brain is
working that way.  PFS group 5 is typically a good functional minimum, I
bump it up where appropriate, but I find in the higher PFS group I run into
interop issues when connecting to different vendors.  Most everything
supports groups 1, 2, and 5, but 5 is my minimum unless someone has a good
reason.  Cisco has a reputation for support of legacy protocols and
configurations (which is a double edged sword for sure), and even they are
saying groups 1 and 2 should not be used.  For SA lifetimes I'm ok with
28800 for phase 1, and 3600 for phase 2.  Phase 2 is really where you need
to mix it up frequently.  it's less important with phase 1.  Opinions on
this differ, but if you have PFS in play on phase 2, the lifetime of phase
1 becomes much less important.   But play it how you like it, modern CPUs
have the horsepower to renegotiate frequently.   For encryption ciphers I
rock AES-256 all day every day when I can.  I've done my homework on the
AES development and selection process, and I'm satisfied (for now) with how
open it was and how it was critiqued.   It's also the strongest encryption
cipher that with widespread support, and even on my home network I have
LAN-2-LAN tunnels to multiple vendors' gear.   roll that into how primitive
many remote access clients can be, and AES-256 typically comes out on top
as the best you can get and still have a good chance of your peer
supporting it.   As far as hashing, I'm still rocking SHA-1 for now because
I see abuse of the hashing algorithm for a functional attack as something
that would only realistically be used in a real-time man in the middle type
attack.  A lot of other cards have to have fallen down for this to become a
problem.  I'm under that kind of attack, I've got bigger problems.  That
being said, I can't think of a good reason NOT to bump up hashing either.
 so play it as you like it.
3) FreeBSD is very mature, and very well reviewed.  I've looked into
FreeBSD to my personal satisfaction.  OpenBSD may be abrasive as a
community at times, but their work product is pretty impressive in terms of
being clean and funcitonal.  I was very happy with how they handled that
whole IPSec fiasco in 2011.  I've been following pfSense for a while now,
and I've used it off and on for years.  I'm very satisfied by the quality
and oversight of the coding.   But by all means dig as long as your
curiosity holds out.  you can never be "100% sure" of the security of any
software, but "sufficiently sure" is absolutely worth looking into.
List mailing list
List at lists.pfsense.org
