
@_date: 2001-11-01 19:44:41
@_author: cpaul 
@_subject: Fw: <nettime> New Scientist: Microwave Crowd Dispersal Tested (ADT) 
References: <20011101171228.178850d1.inc
i've been following the development of this skin heating
device for a while, and am keen to learn if there may be
an effective means to counter its use.
the new scientist article suggests that the cornea is not
as resilient as skin when it comes to being bombarded with
microwaves, hence i seek opinions on how one might protect
if asking such is inane then i guess i should ask to have
my final request.

@_date: 2001-11-06 14:04:51
@_author: cpaul 
@_subject: classified 
below is perhaps related to...
* * * Bush restricts presidential records
Executive order stuns advocates of open government
ASSOCIATED PRESS
WASHINGTON, Nov. 1 - President Bush issued an order Thursday night
that lets past presidents, beginning with Ronald Reagan, keep some of their
White House papers private even after the 12-year wait now required by law.
Advocates for government declassification expressed disbelief and said the
order would usher in a new era of government secrecy.
ABOUT 68,000 pages of Reagan's White House records, including the vice
presidential papers from President Bush's father, were supposed to have been
opened in January, 12 years after Reagan left office, as provided by law.
But the White House delayed the release three times to review constitutional
and legal questions.
White House counsel Alberto Gonzales defended Bush's executive order
Thursday and did not say when or whether the Reagan papers would be opened
to the public.
Vanderbilt University historian Hugh Graham said the draft was a "real
monster" and complained, "They would reverse an act of Congress with an
executive order." Bruce Craig, director of the National Coordinating
Committee for the Promotion of History, said it was "blatantly unlawful top
to bottom." He predicted a quick legal challenge.
The issue likely will come up Tuesday at a House Government Reform
subcommittee hearing, initially scheduled before the Sept. 11 terrorist
Reagan's records were to have been the first released under the 1978
Presidential Records Act, which followed Watergate and former President
Richard Nixon's attempts to hold on to his papers and tape recordings. It
made presidential records the property of government, not ex-presidents.
KEY ISSUE: EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGE
Under the act, presidential records are to be released after 12 years,
except for those withheld for national security or certain personal reasons
specified by law. A former president can still claim executive privilege to
prevent the release of certain documents, but the sitting president has the
final say.
Under Bush's executive order, the sitting president could not override a
former president's claim of executive privilege. Those claims of executive
privilege, however, could be appealed in court, Gonzales said.
"It will not be driven by politics or what looks good. It will be driven by
what is allowed under the Constitution," Gonzales said. "Look, we haven't
withheld a single document yet. There's been a delay, no question about it,
but there has been no decision not to release a document. Let's see how this
process works."
FEAR OF EMBARRASSMENT
Some historians said they suspected that the Bush White House was worried
about what the Reagan papers might reveal about officials now working for
Bush who also worked for Reagan. Among them are Secretary of State Colin
Powell, budget director Mitch Daniels and Chief of Staff Andrew Card.
Gonzales said that was not the reason.
"There may, in fact, be embarrassing documents," he said, but he added that
that would not be considered a legitimate reason to withhold something.
Some historians suggested that the White House was using heightened public
interest in national security as a screen to clamp down on the release of
presidential papers.
Craig said the Bush White House might be worried that the war on terrorism
could generate documents it would rather not see exposed down the road.
"Everybody is in agreement that materials that can be used by terrorists to
threaten national security should be closed up," Craig said. "There already
are existing laws and exemptions that keep that kind of stuff closed up.
"This is about confidential information - communication between a president
and top people - that they would simply prefer not to be released to the

@_date: 2001-11-15 01:44:56
@_author: cpaul 
@_subject: [consim-l] Navajo Code Talkers (fwd) 
References: deciphered in two easy steps... should have been one step tho.

@_date: 2001-11-15 20:14:21
@_author: cpaul 
@_subject: Al-Jazeera office in Kabul obliterated by US bombing 
[i have no link.]
The Kabul office of the Arab satellite channel Al-Jazeera, the Arab
satellite station that has broadcast two videotapes of Osama bin Laden
denouncing America, was obliterated in US bombing early yesterday morning.
One American bomb fell 20 yards from the office, heavily damaging the
Qatar-based satellite television network's offices before Northern Alliance
forces entered the Afghan capital, network and Pentagon officials said.

@_date: 2001-10-14 11:06:43
@_author: cpaul 
@_subject: son of laden 
Britain's Sunday Mirror newspaper quoted the 18-year old son of Osama bin
Laden as saying his father was hiding in a cave in the Afghan mountains
with 300 commandos and would never be caught. The Mirror quoted bin
Laden's son Abdullah, one of his 42 children, as saying his father had
disappeared with 60 trucks filled with satellite equipment on Sept. 11,
the day of the suicide hijack attacks on New York and Washington "America
and Britain will never track down my father," the son said in the
interview. "He has vanished into the landscape, he is invisible.
The Pakistani newspaper Ausaf  reported today al Qaeda announced a $50,000
reward for any Afghan capturing an American soldier, $3,000 for the
uniform of a U.S. soldier, and $1,500 for the gun of a U.S. soldier. The
announcement was made through a bin Laden spokesman, the paper reported.

@_date: 2001-10-14 21:14:18
@_author: cpaul 
@_subject: anthrax down under? 
Anthrax scare evacuates Sydney Airport
Parts of the International Terminal at Sydney Airport have been evacuated
following the discovery of a suspicious package.
A Qantas spokeswoman says the international counter was closed after a white
powder-like substance was found in some meal vouchers about 4:30 this
She says no flights have been affected.
Australian Protective Services are now investigating the area.
It's believed some shops have been evacuated but the spokeswoman could not
confirm that.

@_date: 2001-10-19 13:49:26
@_author: cpaul 
@_subject: Your papers please 
References: fishing through wreckage for a crumpled black box recorder seems pretty
old fashioned, too.

@_date: 2001-10-31 19:36:56
@_author: cpaul 
@_subject: what kind of bomb? 
Witnesses also said they saw a U.S. plane drop a bomb Tuesday
at the Bagram front lines, about 25 miles north of Kabul,
creating a mushroom cloud that billowed at least 1,000 feet
into the air.
