
@_date: 2001-10-04 06:29:14
@_author: info at propnewidea.com 
@_subject: business proposal 
Dear Sir or Madam,
As your company is an Internet provider and, accordingly, you have a large audience, we thought fit to offer you our patented solutions. They will allow you to get additional profit from your audience.
Today the idea of renting software is very popular, but existing solutions in this field requires additional spending and conditions (broadband communication lines for clients, a growing traffic of servers, etc.). One of our inventions allows eliminating these problems. A METHOD FOR RENTING SOFTWARE AND OTHER ELECTRONIC DATA (audio, video, etc.) allows a user to use software and other electronic data in exchange for processing advertising information. A fee for use of software (or audio/video files) will be paid to its owner by the advertiser that provides advertisements to a user. This method does not require a permanent connection to a remote resource, which extends a range of software. The novelty of this invention consists in the method of providing advertising information to a user and the method of account settlements between advertisers and owners of software (or audio/video files). This method allows creating with minimal spending a center for distribution of software and other electronic data and attracting a great amount of software developers and users. This will increase the amount of advertising information provided for processing and ensure its targeted delivery.
A METHOD FOR A DEFERRED INFORMATION RETRIEVAL AND DISPLAYING complements the above-described method. This method erases the distinction between information processing online and offline and allows a user not to interrupt his or her surfing on the Internet to view additional information using found links. Besides, this method optimizes the process of information retrieval from remote resources. This will increase the amount and the quality of processing advertising information.
As you have a big audience of users, you can apply these two solutions to develop a new kind of business (rental).
Andre Lubimov
mailto: info at propnewidea.com
