
@_date: 2000-09-27 05:55:09
@_author: NetCashBuilder 
@_subject: CDR: Wake up to $237 every morning! Guaranteed. 
I don't know about you but, about a year ago, I was:
(a) a newbie to the Internet
(b) convinced that I should be jumping on the     Internet bandwagon
(c) ignorant about where I should start, and
(d) desperate to earn some funds
Every day I surfed the net and joined newbie and business newsgroups hoping to find something that would let me earn money while I learnt to develop and promote an Internet business.
Frankly, I didn't know where to start.  I scanned endless sites and promotional emails that promised me "immediate" and mega-sized internet earnings.  And I purchased a three or four Internet marketing programs/
systems costing between $79 and $199 each.  Boy, was I disillusioned when I studied them!  What I received was page after page of "Internet Gurus" patting each other on the back; trying to sell other products which should have been part of the product in the first place;  their cronies' products; pages filled with irrelevant padding, or large areas of blank white space bigger than USS Nimitz's flight deck, so that their "manual" weighed at least 5 lbs (once you have spent an hour downloading it and printing it out)!  They didn't help me one bit and I spent money I could ill afford to spend.
Been there?  I am sure you have!
But I wasn't prepared to give up.  I knew if just could get my foot in the door, I'd start earning enough to develop my own business on the Internet.
When you know very little about a subject its much more difficult to make a judgement about what might be a good product or system and what might be a load of garbage. Maybe something someone hashed together the night before in order to make a quick buck online conning the likes of us.  Frankly, there are so many get-rich-quick scams around on the Internet that you become very, very wary.
So when I saw this short ad offering an Internet earn-as-you-learn system, I was pretty sceptical.  At first, I wasn't prepared to pour more bucks down the drain.  But something about the sales letter that followed the ad caught my imagination.  And besides, they were only asking US$20-00.  I thought to myself:  If I only pick up one useful tip, $20 is not much to pay!
So I purchased it.  I received an email with the URL within minutes. I decided to read the manual later when I had more time.  And if you've read my website, you already know what happened. I lost the email somewhere in my system and "what's outa sight is outa mind".
I forgot all about it.  I returned to my never-ending quest of trying to find my Internet El Dorado.  I went back to all the time-wasting surfing and searching for a product which, if only I had realized at the time, I had in the 'box' in front of my nose.  I still kick myself for being such an idiot (first time) but I never learn from my mistakes.
A few months later I accidentally (!) found the email and, this time, I saved it somewhere I knew I would always find it again.
But I had seen so many other useless systems and programs in the meantime that preconception-itis had set in.  My stupid brain told me that what I had bought, lost and re-found would be just like all the other useless products.  How wrong can you get!
The key to this great little money-generating system sat unread for another 3 months in my computer (idiot - 2nd time!).
Finally common-sense prevailed.  I thought to myself: "You've paid for this system.  At least give it a try".  So I did.  And I've never looked back since!
Don't do what I did.  Don't miss out!
If I had known THEN what I know NOW I wouldn't have wasted months and bucks on other programs and offers.  I would have been earning the kind of bucks I do now.  Like $7,000 - $8,000 per month.  That's only $237 average a day but it sure adds up quickly!  Don't be an idiot like I was!  And don't have any preconceptions!
"Cut the history lesson, Christopher.  WHAT IS IT?"
The system's called Cookie Cutter << whoa there! No preconceptions, remember >> and it comes together with a product called Boot Camp.  Cookie Cutter lets you earn money almost immediately  while Boot Camp teaches you how to develop your own products and how to market these on the Internet.
Figuratively speaking, it consists of  three elements:
* An attention-grabbing ad (a selection supplied or   you can write your own)
* An order-inciting series of sales letters (again,   supplied or you can write your own)
* A training program called Boot Camp
The great thing about the system is that:
1.  it lets you earn money almost immediately
2.  it gives you all the tools and tips to develop your     CC business.
3.  it teaches you how to develop other products.
4.  it points you in the right direction and points     others to buy from you.
In addition to what you receive from Cookie Cutter, I'm offering, for a limited period only, three great bonuses for FREE if you purchase Cookie Cutter now.
You get my own personal FAST START EARNER - giving you Tips on how to start earning money immediately.  You'll soon achieve my average of $237 every day  ... or more!
You also get an E-Publication on Unique Ways to Get Free Online Advertising.
And you can download a free software program: Creating Profitable Classified Ads.
ALL THIS FOR ONLY $20-00!
Don't do what I did originally and lose all that immediate income!  Don't miss out!
ORDER NOW at:
Or if you want to have another look at my web site go to:
Notice: This is not SPAM. You are receiving this message because
you are a member of "High Response Support-List, Opt-In or
SafeLists." If you wish to be REMOVED from this list,
please log-in and type UNSUBSCRIBE or REMOVE in Subject line.
