
@_date: 2007-12-14 22:32:57
@_author: Investment Bank 
@_subject: Very Urgent 
Dear Friend I am Mr. Michael Heinz, Chief Accountant and also Chairman of Investigating and Auditing Department of WUESTENROT GERMANY. Wuestenrot Bank is  solely an investment bank. With due respect and regard, I have decided to contact you on a Business Transaction that will be very beneficial to both of us and also create room for future business relationships. During our Investigation and Auditing in this Bank, I came across a very huge sum of money belonging to one Deceased Mr. Morris Thompson 61 years ( at time of death), of Fairbanks, Alaska America who died on January 31st 2000 with Alaska Airlines Flight 261, You can as well confirm it by yourself through under stated Website of the incident,  As the fund has been dormant in his account with this Bank without any claim of the fund in our custody either from his family or relations. We started making inquiries and on the course of the enquries, we learnt of the tragedy and besides, he did not indicate any next of kin to his account incase of missfortune or death. We are to keep these informations secret within ourselves to enable the whole plans be profitable and successful. Long-term security is a huge factor here, keeping this stricty Confidential is the key. The amount is 58.5M Euros  (Fifty eight million, Five Hundred thousand Euros). As it may interest you to know, I got your impressive companies information through one of my good friends who works with Chamber of Commerce on foreign business relations here in Germany, though I did not disclose the details to him. As the  Chief Accountant in this bank, I have perfected all modalities. The plan is to make you the bonafide next of kin to Mr. Thompson; after all documentations
and formalities, this money will be transferred into your account or accounts,in parts. I do hereby assure you that this transaction is absolutely risk free, We do guarantee you this if you in turn guarantee us that this information Is to be kept top secret. For your assistance you will be entitled to 25% of the total sum as gratification, while 75% will be for me and my colleagues. Sir, you practically do almost nothing, all you do is to sign some documents and have us use your bank account to make the transfer.
Please sir, you are again being advised to keep this "TopSecret"  even if for any reason You wish not to be a part of this. I and my colleagues are still working for this bank. I shall send you more informations as soon as i recieve your feedback. I suggest you send your feedback via fax number: 0012062194174.
Do include your phone, fax numbers and email address as well.
Best Regards, Mr. Michael Heinz, WUESTENROT BANK Frankfurt - Germany.
