
@_date: 2009-03-24 19:29:26
@_author: Troy Hebert 
@_subject: Cellulitis is a frequent partner of extra weiight! 
Fill that address on picture to get health from our mall
they make me smile every day. wooohoooo!" i was chuckling while i cooked thinking about how my irish grandparents always had a plaque on their wall with this prayer on it: "may you be in heaven a half hour before the devil knows your dead" ha! i love her style. and you are happy.
she never looks like a senator from krypton on the red carpet. i was given the irish name kelly after my great grandparents' last name. (i hate in quilting and knitting and sewing when the designs get all fancy just because they can).  elm
she's amazing. i love that she's an expert knitter and yet chooses to create very simple pieces; mostly i just stinking LOVE knitting. i am blocking my two latest projects today and will show them tomorrow. back in a few days
and my wheels are turning with projects to put together for a locals knitting class. but so worth it.
What are your tips for clearing clutter so you can focus on such a project as sewing?" well mary, let me answer your question by showing you some examples of how i deal with clutter in different areas of my home:
pps- our topic of convo for the night was this article from the wall street journal.
i am so grateful for quiet time with the scriptures.
i am trying to be a patient, kind mom.
cate was so happy she began yelling "let's give a hand to springtime! when she does these weekends she fills up really fast so don't wait- if you need color and/or cut and/or face waxing at very reasonable prices email her promptly and she'll get you booked and give you directions. i mean, look at her hair. have a happy st. patrick's day. we ate corned beef and cabbage with irish soda bread last night in preparation for the day of the irish. may the light always find you on a dreary day.
my sister and hair stylist, coco, is coming to utah county once again to meet our hair needs. you've gotta love people with humor like that.
