
@_date: 2009-08-28 02:31:21
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Tor Browser Bundle for Gnu/Linux: a new hope 
[I utterly fail at sending email after hacking for 18 hours.]
I've been hacking on creating a Tor Browser Bundle for Gnu/Linux. It's
starting to get off of the ground. After I ensure that it's stable, I'll
move onto to making the Tor Browser Bundle for Mac OS X. Your feedback
and testing is greatly appreciated!
The current TBBL alpha includes Firefox, Openssl, zlib, Qt, Vidalia,
Polipo, Tor and it's all wrapped up in a nice package. It's intended to
be used on USB devices. It's designed to run on Debian Gnu/Linux systems
and may also work on Ubuntu. This is a limitation of my build
environment and if others want to help, we can make it work on many
different Gnu/Linux systems.
Here's the url where I've published current alpha builds of the TBBL:
 Download the bundle for your locale and verify it's signature:
 gpg --verify tor-browser-gnu-linux-1.2.4-alpha-de.tar.gz.asc
 gpg: Signature made Fri 28 Aug 2009 01:52:27 AM PDT using DSA key ID
 gpg: Good signature from "Jacob Appelbaum "
If the signature verifies, unpack it:
 tar -xvzf tor-browser-gnu-linux-1.2.4-alpha-de.tar.gz
This is very important: Ensure that you do not have Tor, Vidalia,
Privoxy, Polipo or Firefox running.
Run it:
 cd "Tor Browser_de/Tor\ Browser"
 ./"Start Tor Browser"
If you'd like to follow along at home, you can build it from source like so:
 svn co  cd build-scripts
 time make -f Makefile.linux build-all-binaries
 time make -f Makefile.linux all-compressed-bundles
If you're on a reasonable system, you should see some results in about
an hour. You'll see all of the localized tar.gz files in ttbl-release/
if all goes well.
Here's a list of known issues that I intend to tackle over the next day
or so:

@_date: 2009-10-26 03:44:15
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Orbot: An Anonymous Proxy for Android using Tor 
References: <20091026103853.GG27331
Thanks Eugen,
I wrote a nice BUILD document and sent it to or-dev last night. Here's a
copy of the mail for those not on or-dev:
-------- Original Message --------
Hello *,
Nathan and I have been working on making a viable, secure and usable
port of Tor to the Android platform. There have been a few attempts at
getting Tor or Tor like software (onion coffee, etc) to run on Android.
The most notable was probably Adam Langley's initial attempts. For quite
sometime, Nathan and I tried a few different approaches. Finally, we
stumbled upon a method for calling arbitrary binaries that are stored as
assets in a package. Nathan wrote a little about this method here:
We spent most of today working on an Orbot build document:
The BUILD document starts a user off without any Android tools on their
system. By the end of the tutorial, you'll have a working, signed Orbot
package. We will endevor to keep this document up to date.
Orbot provides a simple way to run the C reference implementation of
Tor. This means that we can have hidden services and all of the rest of
the Tor client/server/bridge functionality on Android. I expect that
hidden services will become popular if someone ports TorChat to Android.
Tor itself exposes the usual SOCKS proxy and Orbot extends this by also
offering an HTTP proxy. Part of the code that powers the HTTP proxy is a
powered by a fork of jsocks. We've named it asocks (Android SOCKS) and
put it in subversion:
The UI for Orbot really needs a lot of work. It will require a lot of
polish. Currently, it does do very basic controlling of Tor; it's mostly
by brute force and doesn't use anything fancy with the control port.
The next step will be to create a second application that actually uses
Tor. It will likely be a web browser that specifically utilizes Tor for
everything. This will be similar in scope to what Conell did for
TorProxy with his Shadow browser:
It is likely that we'll replace TorProxy in the market after we're
pretty sure that we're on the right path.
If you'd like to try a build of Orbot, I've put up an early alpha build:
If you have an android phone, you can scan this QR code to download and
install the package:
This is our first alpha release and we'd love some feedback...
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2009-09-29 22:51:33
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Merry Certmas! CN=*\x00thoughtcrime.noisebridge.net 
Hello *,
In the spirit of giving and sharing, I felt it would be nice to enable
other Noisebridgers (and friends of Noisebridge) to play around with
bugs in SSL/TLS.
Moxie was just over and we'd discussed releasing this certificate for
some time. He's already released a few certificates and I thought I'd
join him. In celebration of his visit to San Francisco, I wanted to
release fun-times-at-moxie-marlinspike-high. This is a text file that
contains a fully valid, signed certificate (with private key) that can
be used to exploit the NULL certificate prefix bug[0]. The certificate
is valid for * on the internet (when exploiting libnss software). The
certificate is good for two years. It won't work for exploiting the bug
for software written with the WIN32 api, they don't accept (for good
reason) *! I suggest the use of Moxie's sslsniff[1] if you're so
inclined to try network related testing. It may also be useful for
testing code signing software.
It's been long enough that everyone should be patched for this awesome
class of bugs. This certificate and corresponding private key should
help people test fairly obscure software or software they've written
themselves. I hope this release will help with confirmation of the bug
and with regression testing. Feel free to use this certificate for
anything relating to free software too. Consider it released into the
public domain of interesting integers.
[0] [1] Private-Key: (1024 bit)
    00:cf:4d:17:42:00:8d:0c:41:95:31:8c:40:30:bc:
    5e:42:b6:28:09:75:2f:19:61:d9:ab:4d:ec:f3:44:
    c4:1c:01:95:6f:27:eb:70:07:98:4f:1e:05:d0:f3:
    6c:49:45:e6:de:48:7a:59:f0:c2:93:6a:37:9c:02:
    72:4f:bd:14:36:26:a1:70:97:d4:fe:4b:24:e8:cd:
    29:1e:61:1a:85:b0:6f:96:06:83:10:13:d6:89:9f:
    bd:07:67:f1:42:de:9b:63:67:8b:96:f9:06:ef:7c:
    93:4b:6a:f9:39:31:32:7f:98:59:ef:ce:91:be:05:
    ce:f0:82:33:d8:76:06:4c:9f
publicExponent: 65537 (0x10001)
    00:8c:4f:3b:7c:ba:ee:bc:ea:ee:d6:58:7d:61:ff:
    3d:35:9e:21:3f:35:87:a9:80:67:59:e1:26:8e:09:
    6f:4b:1d:6f:4d:8b:11:7a:04:49:fc:d2:ef:50:dc:
    51:e0:ce:65:52:f2:6f:8d:cc:bd:86:15:90:8a:11:
    c5:d9:5e:ba:fc:2b:fc:e3:a0:cd:c8:f0:9a:05:76:
    06:82:07:a9:bd:14:cc:c7:7e:54:b9:32:5b:40:7a:
    35:0a:26:80:d7:30:98:d6:b7:71:d5:9d:f4:0d:f2:
    28:b5:a9:0c:2e:6d:78:19:86:a9:31:b0:a1:43:1c:
    57:2c:78:a9:42:b2:49:d8:71
    00:ec:07:79:1d:e2:50:14:77:af:99:18:1b:14:d4:
    0c:25:0c:20:26:0d:dd:c7:75:0e:08:d3:77:72:ce:
    2d:57:80:9d:18:bb:60:7b:b2:62:4e:21:a1:e6:84:
    96:91:31:15:cc:5b:89:5b:5a:83:07:96:51:e4:d4:
    e6:3a:40:99:03
    00:e0:d7:5a:07:0e:cc:a6:17:22:f8:ec:51:b1:7b:
    17:af:3a:87:7b:f1:e4:6d:40:48:28:d2:c0:9c:93:
    e0:f1:8f:79:07:8f:00:e0:49:1d:0e:8c:65:41:ba:
    c8:20:e2:ae:78:54:75:6b:f0:41:e5:d1:9c:2e:23:
    49:79:53:35:35
    15:17:15:db:75:bd:72:16:bf:ba:0e:4d:5d:2f:15:
    66:ba:0e:a5:57:d7:d9:5a:bc:46:4d:9e:fe:c3:2d:
    8a:04:14:05:81:b8:bd:54:d3:33:e8:0d:6f:6b:a9:
    88:8f:ba:42:e8:6a:fd:9e:b8:d6:94:b7:fc:9a:89:
    77:eb:0d:c1
    5c:5a:38:61:63:c3:cd:88:fd:55:6f:84:12:b9:73:
    be:06:f5:75:84:a3:05:f8:fc:6a:c0:3e:5b:52:26:
    78:32:2d:4d:5c:80:c8:9f:5f:6f:05:5d:e6:04:b9:
    85:40:76:d7:78:21:8f:07:6d:99:df:62:1e:55:62:
    2d:92:6e:ed
    00:c5:62:ea:ee:85:5c:eb:e6:07:12:58:a5:63:5a:
    8f:e3:b3:df:c5:1e:cc:01:cd:87:d4:12:3f:45:8e:
    a9:4c:83:51:31:5a:e5:8d:11:a1:e3:84:b8:b4:e1:
    12:33:eb:2d:4c:4e:8c:49:e2:0d:50:aa:ca:38:e3:
    e6:c2:29:86:17
Certificate Request:
    Data:
        Version: 0 (0x0)
        Subject: C=US, CN=*\x00thoughtcrime.noisebridge.net, ST=California, L=San Francisco, O=Noisebridge, OU=Moxie Marlinspike Fan Club
        Subject Public Key Info:
            Public Key Algorithm: rsaEncryption
            RSA Public Key: (1024 bit)
                Modulus (1024 bit):
                    00:cf:4d:17:42:00:8d:0c:41:95:31:8c:40:30:bc:
                    5e:42:b6:28:09:75:2f:19:61:d9:ab:4d:ec:f3:44:
                    c4:1c:01:95:6f:27:eb:70:07:98:4f:1e:05:d0:f3:
                    6c:49:45:e6:de:48:7a:59:f0:c2:93:6a:37:9c:02:
                    72:4f:bd:14:36:26:a1:70:97:d4:fe:4b:24:e8:cd:
                    29:1e:61:1a:85:b0:6f:96:06:83:10:13:d6:89:9f:
                    bd:07:67:f1:42:de:9b:63:67:8b:96:f9:06:ef:7c:
                    93:4b:6a:f9:39:31:32:7f:98:59:ef:ce:91:be:05:
                    ce:f0:82:33:d8:76:06:4c:9f
                Exponent: 65537 (0x10001)
        Attributes:
            a0:00
    Signature Algorithm: md5WithRSAEncryption
        64:e6:b2:77:45:74:c3:dc:f6:3d:e7:73:7f:0f:fb:dd:d7:30:
        c3:0f:30:d5:52:2c:6b:41:ad:40:2b:4b:07:2a:de:80:69:d4:
        a7:0b:6f:ed:cc:62:e7:4d:e1:fc:1e:81:0d:94:b9:c8:9b:14:
        0a:10:d4:8e:f9:53:76:11:51:1d:c9:80:ca:15:e5:78:02:e1:
        d1:89:95:b5:4a:3f:e0:f7:f3:35:ad:1f:7d:85:5b:8c:f5:de:
        70:05:8f:4f:1d:cb:23:83:dd:63:b7:2f:1a:8c:a1:3c:67:d9:
        f9:fc:63:c0:dc:bb:72:56:13:f6:3d:db:8e:d5:dc:01:9a:20:
        a2:dc
-----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY-----
-----END RSA PRIVATE KEY-----
-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE REQUEST-----
-----END CERTIFICATE REQUEST-----
-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
-----END CERTIFICATE-----

@_date: 2010-08-18 20:30:58
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Collage 
Unlike haystack - this software appears to be real and to have
contributed something useful to the field of anti-censorship. Impressive
All the best,

@_date: 2010-02-18 19:49:17
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Android Was: Re: Tor on the Nokia N900 (Mobile Tor stuff) 
Hi Rich,
Yes - we've been somewhat in contact with the authors of TorProxy and
Shadow Browser. They did great work and it's quite a slick pair of
applications. However, the TorProxy in the Android market is absolutely
unsafe to use. It is based on research code that was never intended for
high security needs or real serious public use:
Rather, we're working on building an Android package we've codenamed Orbot:
Orbot will replace the TorProxy component and it includes the C
reference implementation of Tor. It will also ship with Privoxy
(although we're also looking into Polipo) to provide an HTTP proxy as
well as the normal SOCKS4A/5 proxy interface into the Tor network.
We don't have a great solution for Shadow at this point and it's
non-trivial to sew it into Orbot. Nathan has a better grasp on the
Android internals that make the web browser component complicated across
Android versions. Perhaps he'll weigh in on it...
In any case, we're may move to a hybrid model for some mobile phones.
It's easy to provide a compiled Tor binary (the C reference
implementation) and a Java Tor implementation [0] in a single container.
This should allow for greater compatibility and hopefully everyone will
have better anonymity as a result.
[0]

@_date: 2011-12-19 21:30:07
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [tor-talk] "If you have access to certain tools, 
No Backdoors. No bugdoors. No so-called "lawful interception" systems.
As another person working on Tor - I'll be more direct and less
ambiguous: If anyone ever even *tries* to force us to insert a backdoor,
we'd tell the world. We won't every compromise the security of Tor and
we will never insert a backdoor. Never.
We must reject these so-called "compromises" for so-called "lawful
interception" and we must fight against their deployment everywhere.
They are harmful to everyone - including those that use them
legitimately - just ask the Greek phone operator who was suicided after
the Great Greek Vodafone Backdoor was found.
The abstinence model is a punt. That model claims that the world exists
outside of the internet and for most people it does not. It's also a
claim that the "non-internet" world offers "true anonymity" and it does not.
All the best,
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2011-11-28 19:16:19
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Exactly how are satellite transmissions 
This is not strictly correct. All satellite communications systems are
privacy invasive. BGAN, Thuraya, etc.
This is common in all satellite communications systems.
Thuraya is easy to monitor. It's not even expensive. There are
commercial solutions and there are non-commercial projects that work
with common hardware. Satellite communication networks are absolutely
not secure to use without additional protection. If location anonymity
is important, I highly advise against using satellite communications
technology. Unless you've properly tampered with the device to falsify
the location reporting, you're probably not as secure as you'd like...
All of these systems keep logs. All of the satellite companies have a
dark history.
It's all about threat models. If you're worried about people who have
control of Thuraya, use a BGAN. If you're worried about upsetting people
who have control of the Hughes network, use Thuraya. If you're worried
about location anonymity or evading content inspection, hack your device
to lie about the GPS location of your device. The location must be
within the same spot beam as your physical location or your device will
not sync with the birds in the sky. If you're using one of these devices
to transfer data at all, I highly encourage the use of Tor as you're
absolutely to be intercepted by multiple parties.
Some BGAN devices can be programmed to only send the spot beam ID but
again, you're trusting closed source, proprietary software/hardware with
your life. That's not a thing I'd suggest. Certainly not in a place like
Syria or other extremely hostile places.
All the best,
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2011-11-28 23:47:11
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Exactly how are satellite transmissions 
That is extremely scary. There is off the shelf hardware/software for
voice print analysis, recording of data transmitted, SMS archival, etc.
Such users should consider this for that use case:
If someone elsewhere runs a cryptophone PBX, anyone could call in and
call insecure numbers from that PBX:
It's not free software but I've used it with some success. Bare satphone
usage is Syria is just scary. I'll just say it directly, it's dangerous.
The saying goes "Attacks only get better" and I'm certain that the old
adage applies here. There are real time systems for this exact task and
they are off the shelf surveillance solutions. When you see them in
action it will probably make you physically ill.
Iridium phones and Inmarsat phones aren't so different in terms of
security, privacy, anonymity, etc.
For example:
With that said, I think the best device in the world for an impossible
job is an Iridium Satellite pager. These things are awesome. They are a
receive only satellite pager that uses the Iridium constellation. It
works for the entire planet and it's cheap cheap cheap.
You can transmit a message to the pager by visiting a web page that
works over Tor:
More info here:
This is the best device for the job:
This is probably also a reasonable device but I've never used it:
If two people have these pagers and both have access to the net via Tor,
it's possible for them to communicate in a way that doesn't leave a
trace beyond normal internet/Tor usage. Short of jamming, it's a pretty
reasonable way to ensure that messages reach a person but the person
isn't exposed beyond their general region. You can select multiple
regions too. The Motorola 9501 is a small device and it is easily hidden.
You could easily encrypt a Tor bridge IP address for your contacts in
Syria and send a new one every hour.
All the best,
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2011-11-29 01:23:47
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Exactly how are satellite transmissions 
I nearly forgot to mention this really great project by Harald and friends:
To quote his page entirely:
"This is the homepage of the Osmocom sub-project GEO Mobile Radio.
It is collecting information and software related to the ETSI GEO Mobile
Radio specification and its practical implementations like the Thuraya
satellite phone network
GEO Mobile Radio is a set of specifications describing a satellite based
mobile phone network.
Radio aspects
It uses the L-band frequencies 1634 to 1656 MHz (earth to space) and
1532.5 to 1554.5 MHz (space to earth) for communication between mobile
phones and the respective satellites. The polarization is circular
(left) and the modulation is pi/4 QPSK, using a channel spacing of 31.25
Here's a guide for doing your own Thuraya interception:
All the best,
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-04-20 15:40:09
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Jacob Appelbaum's Ultrasurf Report 
Hi Catherine,
Where did I claim altruism? I am auditing tools that claim to be
perfectly anonymous because it benefits everyone to have honesty and
truth in advertisement for our community of tools.
I did however invest, as Ultrasurf acknowledged, a great deal of time in
disclosure to Ultrasurf. I also invested a great deal of time in making
positive suggestions, which were largely accepted by UltraReach. I hope
you'll note that the language on their website is drastically different
today if you compare it to the text on their website from a year ago.
Honesty in advertisement is important information that helps users to
make an informed decision and to ensure that Government funded projects
at least attempting to be honest in how they sell themselves to their users.
This is nonsense. Not only do you have it all wrong, you're actually
just out of your depth. It shows.
I am not attacking the US government. To be quite honest, I gave this
report to those around DC that asked - this includes people at State,
BBG and of course, Ultrasurf - well before the report was released to
the public. I did this to ensure that we could broker a discussion with
Ultrasurf to ensure that Ultrasurf felt we were coordinating and being
I did not give this to the Chinese or Iranian or Syrian governments nor
any of their agents or anyone that I felt would do Ultrasurf harm or
attempt to attack their users.
I actually rather like the Internet Freedom program, it's not perfect
but it's pretty good! So again - you think you know what I think but
you're mistaken.
Surely you don't suggest that for proprietary or open tools it is
reasonable to never have a third party security audit?
There is no competitor to the Tor Project in the field of online
anonymity. There are charlitants who claim to be perfectly anonymous and
untraceable - as we see with Ultrasurf - they do not live up to their
advertised claims.  You conflate Free and Open source software with peer
review, which is understandable but a very serious mistake to make.
If you suggest that peer review is a religous matter, I think you're
making an even bigger mistake. Do you realize that there has been *no*
peer review - even by funders of the tool? None. Zero. This is changing
now and that is because of my peer review of their claims. I have even
offered to help them and have given them a large amount of time in the
last six months because I want them to improve.
The fact that they are closed source presents them with a serious
problem and I'd love to hear your suggestions for a solution with it. It
appears that some governments, such as Syria and likely China release
backdoored versions of software. I have some samples of a common tool
which appear to have such a backdoor. AV software sometimes
automatically classifies Ultrasurf as malware. This is usually a
mistake. However - what happens when it actually includes malware *and*
it actually has something wrong with it? Say because it has been
tampered with in transit or an attacker, such as the Chinese, compromise
the download servers?
One solution is to offer source code and for trusted users in a
community to review them, and to ensure that any changes make sense or
fit with the established norms of the system. It's also possible to look
at copies of the program in every linux distribution, every released
copy on software mirrors and other places to compare with the expected
Another solution is to offer digital signatures - this is something that
is now happening because of my report. The downside is that China and
the Stuxnet authors both clearly have the ability to falsify the
selected digital signature method selected by Ultrasurf.
So - again, we see no peer review and no safe method of verification.
I'd love to see you solve those problems and while Open and Free
software doesn't solve it all, I think it gets us a lot closer.
So do please offer suggestions and try not to punt.
The facts stand for themselves. You're unable to evaluate those facts
and as a result, you simply, as usual, attack me. I mean, you're
welcome, I think the solution to "bad" speech is more speech.
Do you have proof that Ultrasurf blocks Child Porn Catherine? I suspect
the answer is no - which well, I think that's because the answer is no.
The fact of the matter is that they block access to legal US
enterprises. I think that government funded services have a duty of care
not to restrict access to legal US businesses - this is why I am against
Amtrak censoring the internet - don't censor with public money.
In any case - just to settle this issue - members of police forces
around the world use Tor, as does the Internet Watch Foundation, to hunt
for Child Porn - they need anonymity, so that they can find the bad guys.
Do you have another suggestion for an anonymity solution that is good
enough for the Internet Watch Foundation to catch sexual predators? I
bet they'd love to hear it and most of all, I'm certain this list would
be interested in such a solution.
Frankly, I think that the good outweighs the bad in this case and I'd
encourage you to admit that you don't actually know the whole story.
I had no knowledge of this press release from the Justice department nor
would anyone else, I imagine. It's pretty ridiculous to suggest that I
timed the release of my report in response to that DoJ press release.
When I met them in December, we agreed upon a ninety day time frame for
release of the report. The report was originally scheduled for release a
month ago but Ultrasurf asked for more time. I planned the release for
Monday the 16th of April as a firm deadline and they were well aware of
it before publication.
I disagree with you very strongly and many others in the computer
security field, as well as other fields, believe that sunlight is a good
way to solve problems.
This report, as I understand it, has or will been translated into other
languages for the benefit of non-English speaking users.
I think you may be right about "most users don't care about anonymity"
but I'd like you to tell us all - if you claim as a human rights worker
that you won't disclose a report but you actually do disclose it against
their wishes - have you done something wrong? Is honesty in
advertisement important? I think it is very important and as long as
they claim to be anonymous and an anonymity service, I'd ask you to
consider what you're claiming to be irrelevant. The issue is that they
_claim_ to be an anonymity service - it has nothing to do with your
projections of a user, which are speculative at best.
Only if you disregard the fact that I have worked closely with them
until I felt they were stalling me and not fixing issues that needed to
be fixed. They sure are working hard to fix those issues now - after
nearly four months of dragging their feet - I think that's a good thing.
We disagree about Free Software in this field and that is OK. In the
area of anonymity and security, I think that we must have tools that
regardless of their license, are open for review and verification. That
is why Free and Open source software is on the table. It makes it easier
and frankly, possible, to review claims.
I'm not forcing or brow-beating anyone. I presented a paper with some
serious concerns, I worked with Ultrasurf to correct a number of the
most serious, and I have encouraged further third party review to
improve their system.
If that's brow-beating - what is your email where you directly attack
me? It seems a bit duplicitous at the very least and it reeks of
political attacks against me for my associations that you despise.
You keep saying that I'm a bully but you fail to acknowledge that I
worked with Ultrasurf, flying to another state to meet with them,
disclosing the report to them privately and so on.
There was no bullying.
Do you have evidence for your assertion here? I'm guessing "no" but I'd
like to know. Yes? No?
It's not hard to do that and many people have done so.
It's nice that we actually, for once, agree. Pluralism in design choices
is absolutely required. It is an example of how a free market may work
in a practical sense and I support that concept entirely.
Security researchers who test claims are serving as a correction to
overvalued ideas or solutions in the market.
There is no perfect software but there are those who claim perfection
without acknowledging their imperfections. That is a real problem.
I agree. I also have the right to show the world that there is something
wrong with that very software.
You're right - you don't have to be literate in a field of specific
interest to criticize it. However, it sure would help if you
acknowledged that Ultrasurf's designated enemy is however quite literate
on the subject matter.
Today someone pointed me at this report authored by an academic in China:
Thanks for your thoughts - I hope you'll address each of my points and
try to be constructive.
It's been a pleasure,
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders. You may ask for a reminder here: Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-08-07 23:06:47
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [liberationtech] What I've learned from Cryptocat 
Jillian C. York:
It's interesting because one outcome seems to be that almost everyone
agrees that plaintext should not be considered reasonable. That's a
great outcome so far - I remember a time when people felt that it was
fine, most of the time, to have unencrypted communications as the norm.
I look forward to the day when those same people start to get the big
picture on general social graph style traffic analysis.
All the best,
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders. You may ask for a reminder here: Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-12-13 09:06:08
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [liberationtech] New Satphone Safety Guide 
Collin Anderson:
I found this:
I guess in theory, with the ISDN module - you could have location
"anonymity" limited to a given spot beam and then the CryptoPhone ISDN
could be used for content confidentiality. That seems almost OK if
you're able to point your transmitter directly at the bird.
I'm still game to acquire one - I guess that DISA (?) won't sell me one?
Will they sell them to the general public?
While sorta unrelated - this seems worth mentioning:
  All the best,
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2012-12-19 05:26:05
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [liberationtech] was: Forbes recommends tools for journalist; 
frank at journalistsecurity.net:
This is an interesting question and I admit, I feel like it leaves a bad
ring in my ears...
What kind of security advice? Who is following the advice? Does their
context change while they follow this advice? Do they have resources of
a user without more than a casual interest or are they well funded and
dedicated? What are their requirements? What are their temporal
tolerances? Do they understand safety plan or threat model without
further explanation? What are the stakes for failure?
The answer to each of those questions would shift my answers to
subsequent questions around, I guess.
If I were to change that question a bit to be something that many people
are familiar with - I'd say - Where do we get good health advice from?
When I go to a general practice doctor, they might refer me to a
specialist. But where do I find that doctor? And what if I have issues
that are really expensive to solve? It leads us in a similar direction -
we look for common certifications, credentials, ratings, feedback, word
of mouth, etc. We get a general sense of things, hopefully if we're
seeing a terrible doctor, we know before they cut us up or send us home
when we really need a different kind of care.
It seems that some groups who do practical training are trying to be the
specialist and the generalist. Sadly, because many of us are motivated
by non-technical goals, say social justice, a real core background in
many overlapping fields is simply missing. There isn't an advertised set
of unified goals or principles stated where we try to work toward a set
of solutions, nor is there a common set of agreed upon threat models
that we're working with openly, and so on.
The Forbes article is junk for my threat model(s) and frankly, I think
it is junk for everyone else on a long enough time line. An open
question is mostly if anyone will ever do anything noteworthy enough to
learn that it was junk at the time. If it had been written about biology
and safe sex, I'd say it was offering sheep skin condoms as a partial
solution; we'd all get a pretty bad feeling about it and commonly
understand the problem with such solutions, right?
The technical details are so poorly understood by journalists that their
ethics generally mean nothing; who cares if a journalist promises to
keep a secret if they even have Skype *installed* on their laptop with
confidential documents, emails or an OTR enable chat client? Their
operational security is lower than the bar of the commercial market, we
don't even have to begin to discuss intelligence agencies.
In almost any other topic, it is simply intolerable to let a person
write complete nonsense advice as an authority. Such authors get a
reputation for being worth ignoring and sometimes, they're the topic of
the next article. Yet in the field of journalism, we see journalists who
even proudly boast of their illiteracy, without realizing the
recklessness of their choices, sometimes even the choice of straight up
ignorance because security is simply too hard. Or refusing to even offer
anything resembling a secure way to reach them, let alone actually
something they try to use regularly. I've rarely met journalists that
encourage people to secure their communications - it does happen but
wow, it is rare rare rare.
Some journalists at least claim that they will go to jail before they'll
give up sources, some won't make such claims or will even make the
opposite claims. The signs of such journalists are easy to spot and
still hard to confirm in any meaningful manner. When push comes to
shove, even the best intentioned journalists still roll over when the
might of the state crushes them under a pair of boots.
At least with a proper idea of how journalism is being undermined by the
Surveillance State, such a journalist might get a clue about the level
of help, protection and transitive risk they pose to sources. Such an
understanding is largely missing from the dialog and the Forbes piece
really obviously shows that the advice is the product of an extremely
lacking study of the threat landscape.
What am I getting at?
When journalism was two people meeting in person, the people were the
main piece that mattered, when research on who to contact was ephemeral,
even a failed meeting wasn't a pin pointed event to be followed up on later.
The (communications, crypto, electricity, etc) systems illiteracy  means
that otherwise core competencies of a solid journalist are undermined.
Where should 'we' get our information? From people who have a clue, I
think, in whatever field where we're barely scratching the surface with
our questions. When I wonder about specific cryptography issues, I don't
go to Forbes, I'd take a class from Dan Boneh or Moxie. When I wonder
about a pain in my chest, I go to a doctor for triage. When I want to
solve those problems myself, I invest in my own education.
It seems to follow that if you're building a knowledge base for
journalist security, it might make sense to build a collection of threat
models, a collection of unified threats (eg: calls you make will be
wiretapped, your location will be recorded, your email will be
intercepted) you hope to address, and so on.
It might also make sense to define who receives the advice; after all,
if the trainers are simply middle (hu)man, why would someone at risk
want to talk to them? It seems that if the goal is simply to benefit
from the surplus of the labor of others, adding something to the mix
might be a useful contribution to the community. We all bring different
things to the table, right?
To put this a different way: I'm not a lawyer and while I doubt I'll
ever be a lawyer, I accept that I do not need to have a law degree to
have a clue. I also trust a number of people with law degrees to advise
me but it took a lot of study, reading and frankly, rational
self-interest in the self-survival department to even slightly
*understand* their great advice. I've had the privilege of lawyers
friends who didn't tolerate a lack of understanding while also making
legal choices. My ability to make decisions was simply not up to snuff
without a clue. So at least in a few of my own legal cases, I've done a
lot of research to understand the core ground rules of the system that I
inhabit, even if the system is made up of things I don't fully like or
even really understand in an intuitive sense. While I'm *certainly* not
a lawyer, I might have enough of a clue to know who to call or how badly
I don't know something.
So I wonder, what do journalists need to do? It seems to me that they
should talk to the experts in the fields that are required for their
specific operations. It also seems to me that they might want to work on
not collaborating with the Surveillance State so much. As their lack of
knowledge on the topic has basically made their job and their ethical
commitments impossible unless they become full time
security/privacy/anonymity/computer/network/telephone/etc experts.
So on the one hand, I feel for journalists that don't understand
technology. But on the other hand, I think without understanding the way
that the world works, they're calling themselves journalists without
understanding that technology is as important as having credible sources
- it isn't like photography, it isn't a value add skill, it is a core
and fundamental part of the job.
Security is a process and not simply a product that people use. I'm
loathe to repeat that but that concept is worthy of deep thought.
It isn't unlike asking which travel visa company we should call about
entering Syria. Surely we wouldn't accept a guide that told us to simply
call up the local tour company for advice. Rather, we'd want specifics,
right? But to have specific, we need grounding in reality - languages
help, having street smarts helps and so on.
I look at all of the above guides and I think that they're interesting
as an awareness and philosophy metric for the respective community that
created it. Lots of unequal threat models, lots of varying capacities,
lots of graphic design budgets and often very little scientific
referencing for *positive* security claims.
No, I wouldn't agree. They're all nice efforts but frankly, all of them
are lacking because they don't really explain the social stuff - the
reality of the world stuff or the deep factual stuff - and are mostly
about tools. There are parts that come close and are then not detailed
about the technology, or they simply give up - where is the phone
security guide that explains how to buy discrete SIMS for Satellite
phones anonymously? Where is the IMEI changing guide for people using
cell phones in Syria? Where are the threat modeling discussions that
model real situations that actually exist, say for Egypt having a copy
of FinFisher?
I would suggest reading the (yearly) proceedings from Blackhat, DefCon,
NDSS, USENIX Security, Hack-in-The-Box, and others. I would suggest
trying to understand the fundamental human assumptions at play by
studying behavior of people. Those guys who have generally hung out in
the foreign corespondents club - they had a lot going for them but if
you wanted to compromise them, how would their skills hold up in the
modern world? Now do it to yourself, how would you embody that in a
guide?  We wouldn't do a life critical bioassay with advice from the DIY
bio community, right? Why is security that is also a life line different
I guess it isn't so simple and that is why it takes time - so I
would suggest trying to find ways to encourage people to engage in
intense self-study, in things that destroy apathy for the ills of the
world with regard to personal liberty - so they can find resources that
are otherwise seemingly unconnected on the surface that might otherwise
go unnoticed.
Sorry for the shameless plug here but I feel it is contextually appropriate:
  ( I make no money from this book; you can easily find it on bittorrent -
please do! )
I think some of the best revolutionaries, journalists, activists and
humans that I've ever met understand these issues quite well. That is to
say - they understand emotional trauma, wiretapping, physical violence,
hacked accounts, torture, legal issues and so on. Many choose to take
action even when the odds are stacked against them, even or often
unprotected because of say, the political gains or the tactical
advantage in the moment.
If I understood a point that Gene Sharp made once - trainings are
ineffective without a larger framework and without specific
understandings of specific words - meaning that is important is
otherwise totally lost. So we need to consider the big picture as well
as many different kinds of small details - to focus entirely on one area
will leave us unbalanced, unprepared and well, less effective. Perhaps
to the point of being worse than when people at least tried to work
outside of the systems they didn't understand...
I think that a long term solution for say, communications security is to
normalize secure solutions and to pick some points of unity as part of
the definition of secure. As an example - Free Software is a hard
requirement for me in a serious situation but being FL/OSS does not mean
that it is secure. Again, we need processes, models, realistic
situational awareness and so on for humans - not just an International
House of Check Boxes with tools, no real desire to do anything more than
scrape the barrel and no actual capacity.
I don't think Steve was trying to insult you as he later clarified.
That Forbes article really isn't an example of solid and cutting edge
advice. Some of their stuff, such as the stuff by Andy Greenberg, is top
notch. Some of it is not even a notch...
I agree that constructive conversations are useful for the list. If I
were to dive right in - I'd say - could you give us examples of your
operational security?
I'll start and I'm curious to hear your follow ups.
I run almost entirely Free Software for my general computing needs. I
try to use only Forward Secret cryptography for communication and I
assume it only buys me time, rather than totally solves all of my
problems. I use GPG with a hardware token, rather than with keys on my
laptop. I encrypt all of my disks. I create honeypots to mess with
people who mess with me. I use RedPhone, TextSecure, Tor, and so on -
the usual suspects in the Free Software world.
I assume that most things fail open. I buy most of my hardware with
cash. I use different devices in different contexts. I don't believe
that the Fourth Amendment actually protects the equipment I have in my
home (electronically, physically,etc ). I try to understand, extend and
sometimes try to break the systems that I use - I try to only use
systems that people I respect have built, analyzed or use themselves. I
encourage everyone that I meet or talk with to use strong cryptography,
anonymity services and to consider the transitive risk of behavior. I
try to write software to improve this entire field and I try to work
with end users as well as trainers. And so on.
An evil Maid attack would own me in a lot of cases, so I carry my
computers with me to some rather annoying places. I stopped carrying a
cell phone regularly when I realized that it was simply a lost cause on
the privacy front. I do counter-surveillance and surveillance-detection
to try to catch people who try to tamper with my hardware or worse. I
give samples of likely backdoors to better reverse engineers (than me)
when in doubt. I've been working hard for the last few years to show
that these tactics and this kind of strategy isn't paranoia. Rather such
an understanding is required for the *current* Surveillance State, let
alone the coming New and Improved Surveillance State.
How about you?
A good friend jokingly once told me that some people raise their
paranoia to meet their security situation. The joke was of course that I
did the opposite: I raised the seriousness of my situation to match my
paranoia and outlook. If you have to pick between the two - which side
of things seems to have a possible positive outcome?
All the best,
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2012-12-19 17:30:39
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Quantum computation & communication 
Gregory Foster:
We didn't state that "classical encryption" is a "panacea." Frankly, we
didn't event present crypto in general as a panacea - rather, we
presented it as a tactical solution that buys time for the social issues
that crop up with a surveillance society, amongst other points.
We discussed strong cryptography but we were hardly limiting it to RSA
or DSA. In any case, most block ciphers aren't thought to be impacted by
quantum computers. DJB (Bernstein_-_Post_Quantum_Cryptography.pdf) has a
great book on the topic.
We tried to state the importance of understanding the threats, the
reality and the world wide market for such technology. Obviously, a lack
of crypto is itself a threat when spying is essentially free. And while
I generally agree that "classical" crypto is only buying time from
specific attackers in the long run, we argued that part of attacking is
targeting - so to blend in with lots of other ciphertext makes the
attacker's job much harder to locate a person.
If you have a specific passage where you feel that we state that
classical encryption is a panacea to the problem of mass surveillance,
I'd hope it is considered in the context of all the social discussion
that has almost nothing to do with cryptography per se.
(In any case, thanks for reading the book, I hope you enjoyed it!)
All the best,
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2012-12-19 18:12:36
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [liberationtech] was: Forbes recommends tools for journalist; 
Danny O'Brien:
I'm glad to hear it. :)
There is also a potential notion about the relationship itself being
part of that inner sanctum. That is a rather unrealistic expectation
without serious care.
To make matters worse, we've created secret law, secret interpretation
and have essentially zero accountability, except to bust up the people
talking about it so that the public may learn about it. John Kiriakou,
Bill Binney, Thomas Drake and Jesselyn Radack come to mind here.
I think it is more than one thing - so in some cases, it is a matter of
simply ignoring the facts; try talking to people about NSA Warrantless
wiretaping program and the data (which by the way, I'm confident has
been used in the WikiLeaks investigation) produced by it of US citizens
on US soil. Eyes will glaze over and people will simply refuse to
discuss it. Quite depressing. In some cases, I agree that even if we
know that is/has/will/etc happen - some people don't really understand
the magnitude of the surveillance state.
I think you need to come to PETS and the CCC Congress more often Danny! :)
I'm not sure that I agree that it is the first time that this has
happened. I think that it is also a stretch to say that Vice was totally
clueless. WikiLeaks discussed these kinds of document issues long long
ago - see some of the early CCC talks. Perhaps that doesn't count as
wide? I'd say that all of the hubub about redacted PDFs in the last ten
years is perhaps more important and has received wider attention.
Indeed. Scientific Journalism.
I think that it changes the relationship to the so-called authorities;
now they're perhaps just an anonymous person, where previously, they
were a specific person. Or they're an unknown person and a special
person is quoted as interpreting what it means. The latter is quite
common and historically quite common, I think.
"Very carefully Mr. McAfee, very carefully."
I'm not sure that I agree strongly with the first part - when someone
suggests that they use Tails, that is pretty specific! The second is
certainly true - and often - reasonable! Lots of people make really bad
choices and they hardly understand why they made those choices.
Certainly from a technology standpoint but also from a social standpoint.
Sure, I generally agree on all counts:
  user-agent: Mutt/1.5.21 (2010-09-15)
That I think is exactly the right discussion to have - specifically
because there is a reason to use libpurple (ahem, pidgin-otr) and a
reason to use Skype (ahem, fuck, what was it again?).
I'm not entirely sure but I think one answer is not to assume things
secure by default. Another is probably to understand that things written
in C are likely to have lots of specific memory corruption issues -
regardless of *which* codebase is in use. Lots of the zeroday in use
today is really lame - not just buffer overflows that are known to exist
or are patched but not shipping (ahem, pidgin on Windows) - rather,
simply not caring about metadata, location privacy, or stuff said over
phones, or sent over HTTP...
All the best,
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2012-12-21 07:49:42
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Skype redux 
In light of the recent thread on journalism, I wanted to share this link
about Skype:
"With 250 million monthly connected users, Skype is one of the most
popular services for making phone calls as well as chatting over the
Internet. If you have friends, family or business contacts abroad,
chances are you are using Skype to keep in contact. Having said that,
you are probably not aware that all your phone calls and text chats can
be monitored by the censorship authorities in China. And if you are
aware, chances are that you do not consent to such surveillence.
Microsoft, however, assumes that you do consent, as expressed in their
Privacy Policy:
"Skype, Skype's local partner, or the operator or company facilitating
your communication may provide personal data, communications content
and/or traffic data to an appropriate judicial, law enforcement or
government authority lawfully requesting such information. Skype will
provide reasonable assistance and information to fulfill this request
and you hereby consent to such disclosure.
All the best,
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2012-12-31 13:45:38
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Modern FIDONET for net disable countries? 
Eric S Johnson:
I've just returned from Burma in the last month.
There is total surveillance in Burma on the commercial YTP ISP. They
censor plenty of sites and their BlueCoat proxy devices fail to deliver
content for unblocked sites often. The other networks seem rather under
surveillance as well and they also have censorship.
We (OONI) have data from my trip there and it includes all of the major
networks. We'll write it up and publish all of it soon.
I haven't seen FidoNet but I did see lots of WiMax, VSAT, GSM/CDMA and
even some discussion of X.25, etc.
Ethiopia has extremely sophisticated censorship:
The serious problem is the infrastructure even if today it is only used
on a few sites.
All the best,
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2012-02-02 19:52:29
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [liberationtech] On satellite phones 
We've talked a bit about sat phone security on this list - I'm glad that
these guys have made their research public:
"In a nutshell, they were able to reverse engineer and to break the
secret ciphers used in many satellite phone systems, namely the GMR-1
and the GMR-2 ciphers."
I hope that their research helps to put these questions about sat phone
security to rest. They did an amazing job.
All the best,
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-02-10 12:41:50
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Help users in Iran reach the internet 
In the last 48 hours a major campaign of filtering has started in Iran -
it started slow and now appears to be that nearly all SSL/TLS traffic is
blocked on a few major Iranian ISPs. Details are rather rough but we're
working on some solutions - we've long had an ace up our sleeves for
this exact moment in the arms race but it's perhaps come while the User
Interface edges are a bit rough still.
Here's the deal - we need people to run Tor bridges but a special kind
of Tor bridge, one that does a kind of traffic camouflaging - we call it
an obfuscated bridge. It's not easy to set up just yet because we were
not ready to deploy this for everyone yet; it lacks a lot of analysis
and it might even only last for a few days at the rate the arms race is
progressing, if you could call it progress.
There are highly technical instructions here:
Currently if you run such a bridge, you'll either need to manually tell
us (via email to tor-assistants at torproject.org ) about it or you'll need
to share these bridges with people you want to help directly. It's a
pain and we're working on it.
Here's a bug report where we're working around the clock to get stuff
going in a user friendly manner:
This kind of help is not for the technically faint of heart but it's
absolutely needed for people in Iran, right now. It's likely that more
than ~50,000 - ~60,000 Tor users may drop offline.
Watch this graph for an idea of the censorship impact of directly
connecting Tor users:
Here's the same graph but for Tor bridge users in Iran:
We're working on easy to use client software and if you're in Iran or
need one desperately, please email help at rt.torproject.org. We'll try to
get you a working obfsproxy bridge address and working client software.
All the best,
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2012-01-10 13:33:06
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Details needed about monitoring and data 
I imagine that the Narus systems likely running in Egypt will have in
impact in a number of years. Just the same as the snort IDS at the edge
of Syria. These are databases that over time become more and more
valuable. When smart people learn about them, smart people will do much
much scarier things than the original creators of these systems.
I think it's really important to keep perspective about perspective.
We're still around fifteen days away from a full year of revolution in
Egypt. I'm sure we haven't seen everything yet and I'm certain that what
we have seen, we probably don't understand very well. If the Egyptians
were using Narus or Cisco interception, would we know? I've been told
that the Cisco interception is used for arrests, so what do we make of that?
Sure, I think we agree on the first point. Additionally, I'd add that
different authorities use their capabilities in myriad of ways.
We do not know the full reality, only the capabilities. By being
cautious, we're trying to mitigate many of the possibilities even in the
worst of actualities.
The irony is that for internet chatting and web browsing, I think we've
got an ironclad solution; where as for phones, we're basically all
doomed - from billing to content.
All the best,
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-01-29 22:23:07
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [liberationtech] How secure is Bluetooth? 
I guess you're looking for some personal stories or big news stories?
Please note that your users will likely be targeted by cops with FinFisher:
Audio is a weird way to frame it. You have devices that communicate with
Bluetooth (TM) use common cryptography and protocols. The crypto is
busted: This is a pretty funny read:
Overall, I think it's important to note that even if a device wasn't
used in a discoverable mode, a sniffer can at least passively track and
try to exploit devices nearby after seeing them transmit. This is likely
similiar to Bluejacking:
Here's a project that uses a car as an audio bug:
R&S sells a solution to sniff traffic between two devices:
"In  an  active  Piconet,  where  at  least  two  Bluetooth.  devices
(one  master,  one  or  more  slaves)  interact  with  each  other,  the
 USB  dongle  is  air  sniffing the communication  between  those.  This
 analysis  is  required  to  check  interoperability  of  Bluetooth.
devices  from  different  vendors  and  to  troubleshoot  problems  by
detailed protocol decoding"
Those guys also sell IMSI-catchers if you're in the market...
This "Decrypting Encrypted Bluetooth data with FTS4BT" is also a good read:
Basically, the FTS4BT just needs the pin to decrypt the data and that's
where h1kari's work comes in:
Bluetooth Pin Cracking Core says:
"The bluetooth pin cracking core implements the basic bluetooth pin
cracking attack by generating possible PINs and running then through
SAFER+ to verify if they are correct or not. This uses the pipelined
implementation of SAFER+ and loops the output of the pipeline back into
itsself 7 times to perform all of the E21/E22/E1 functions. The max
clock speed we've been able to run it at on an E-12 is 75MHz which
results in ~10 million PINs per second compared to roughly 40k on a
modern CPU."
the openciphers project supports the protocol analyser files produced by
these devices:
This does HCI and air interface sniffing in sync:
Note the features of that one:
"Extracts Audio into WAV files: Supports A2DP, HSP & HF Profiles with
playback for rapid quality check or performing a more detailed analysis"
And if all of that doesn't convince you that someone can sniff Bluetooth
- I encourage you to read this student's web page:
This seems to be the best buy for your money:
$799.99 for the LeCroy Merlin CATC Mobile Bluetooth Protocol Analyzer
seems like a deal. Even cheaper than the USRP!
If you're looking for other devices for BT sniffing, I also found this:
And finally - the Ellisys equipment:
"The new Ellisys All-Channel sniffer robustly records any packet, at any
time, from any neighboring piconet, with zero-configuration and without
being intrusive."
 has the best quote:
"Determine PIN codes automatically and decrypt the data on the fly"
Two nice photos of the device and software:
All the best,
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-01-29 23:45:50
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [liberationtech] How secure is Bluetooth? 
The FinFisher guys wrote this paper ages ago:
 (now gone)
Here's a mirror:
The best quote is here:
During the last year, rumours had come to my
attention that apparently it is possible to
transform a standard 30USD Bluetooth.
dongle into a full-blown Bluetooth. sniffer.
Thinking you absolutely need Hardware to be
able to hop 79 channels 1600 times a second I
was rather suspicious about these claims."
Basically, he took a $30 bluetooth device and constructed a sniffer that
works with downloadable software.
Yeah - the fact that FinFisher offers it should cause concern.
What's your threat model? It's impossible to meaningfully answer that
question in the abstract. "It's feasible and likely" if the target
warrants it and "possible" for a kiddie in a cafe.
I'm sure some of the cell phone intercept gear already does this as a
bonus add on feature - probably in shopping malls for tracking movements.
FinFisher sells it and so governments have it. We know the Egyptians had
it, I bet they had the Bluetooth module but I'm not certain.
Jane has patterns - Jane should use a connected headset and Jane will be
better off.
The question is impossible to answer. You'll know for sure if the
attacker tells you, not at all if they don't and they take no other
actions, and you'll just go crazy if bad stuff starts to happen and you
have no idea why. If that really is her weak point, I think she should
use a headset that is wired into the phone.
It's a sad replacement for a wire, eh?
Yeah, I'm not seeing how it's a good idea. The fact of the matter is
simple - Jane is an activist trying to stay safe, Jane should not do
unsafe things if she can help it. Bluetooth is a luxury that given the
weaponized nature of some of the attackers, I think it is best avoided.
Simply having it on will provide a relative tracking beacon - I imagine
that some airplane modes on cell phones don't disable BT or Wifi...
Sure thing. I'm glad you're asking these questions.
All the best,
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-06-23 14:07:34
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Single board mini computers as circumvention 
The Guardian Project...?
Rasberry Pi easily runs Debian - so it's basically the same as the
Torouter project with different hardware:
Yep that's what we did with the Excito and the DreamPlug.
There are some really nice things coming soon.
Use Tails.
All the best,
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders. You may ask for a reminder here: Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-03-13 17:06:04
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [liberationtech] New Satphone Safety Guide 
Hi Brian,
Some thoughts in response to specific chunks of text from your pdf follow...
"If you communicate with someone outside the satphonebs service provider
network your communications are subject to any observation happening on
the other user. Communicating with other satphones from the same service
provider is much safer. Even this method is not entirely secure, but
following these basic steps will limit your risks."
This is a really weird statement. The first sentence is true. The second
is pretty subjective, I'd even say incorrect but there is some wiggle
room. The third is also a bit weird to the point of being incorrect.
Limit what risk? Risk in relation to whom? If someone is sniffing the
uplink for either phone, it's irrelevant to take such a step - it's
probably even irrelevant if your threat model includes the sat phone
provider as part of the adversary model.
"The time needed to connect with the network is the first
major security risk."
Sure - why is that though? Isn't it because 0) the beam pattern for
uplink 1) gps location being sent by the phone 2) the phone provider
knowing 0 & 1 and 3) the downlink? So really is it the time that is the
issue? Or what is done during that time?
"2.3 USING A SATPHONE, A WALKTHROUGH"
This walk through seems not entirely correct. For example 07 is not
really the full picture, is it it? Isn't that when the phone sends the
GPS data and not in step 10 as indicated?
"3.1 PHONE CONFISCATION"
I rather like this part of the guide.
"In some cases the authorities may have the proper equipment
to blisten inb on your transmissions, however this requires highly
advanced and sophisticated technology"
I think this is misleading. What country doesn't have the ability to do
this? It requires a fun cube dongle pro or a GNU Radio, a commercial
device or something else home brew - if a hacker at the CCC can do it,
it's not "highly advanced and sophisticated technology" in my opinion.
That isn't to say that it was easy, it's just that now that the work is
done - the code, the hardware and the rest of the information is
available for anyone who cares to try. That is not a high bar and it
would be misleading to suggest it.
"Your location may be logged at the service providerbs Ground Earth
Station (GES)"
Or anyone watching...
"Thurayabs encryption has been broken, and more advanced
governments may be able to break the encryption of other
satphones. To learn more see Section 6.2.2"
Which sat phone protocol isn't broken? I don't see a table for which
protocols or devices you mean to support with this guide - so it's not
clear why Thuraya is the security exception, rather than an example of
the insecurity rule.
"Voice calls are a very risky method for communicating via satellite."
All times when a user is associated with the network the user is at risk.
"It is best to keep your call under three minutes"
Why three?
"Email sent from your satphone does not provide the same protection as
Email sent via computer or mobile data plans."
While true, this implies that email is somehow secure, ever - which we
all know to be totally bogus, right?
"On some mobile phones and all computers Tor can be used to
anonymize your computers traffic and hide your identity and
location. If at all possible use a secure internet connection to
communicate, not a satphone."
Tor can't protect you from hardware that spies on you - if your sat
phone sends your GPS location, an attacker will know the exact location
of the user, even if they do not know what they are doing or saying.
This seems obvious but it is important to note - the GPS location is at
a different layer.
"Inmarsatbs iSatphonePro"
Why? Rheinmetall, trltech, and others intercept that by brand name. How
is that better than Thuraya? They're all doomed in terms of content
security and location privacy - why suggest those in that case?
For example, it seems odd to me that you did not mention the
Cryptophone[0] as an example of how to secure the content of the
communications - that is probably the only tool on the market right now
that has any such claim.  Combined with a Motorola 9501 Iridium
satellite pager[1], I think you could do something interesting that
actually improved the security of communications or at least assist in
solving the rendezvous problem.
The Motorola 9501 is entirely passive and so it can receive with a very
minimal view of the sky, it does not transmit your location from the
device, etc.
All the best,
[0] [1] liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders. You may ask for a reminder here: Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-09-27 08:54:13
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TorBirdy 0.0.12 released - testing and feedback 
TorBirdy 0.0.12 is now out. It's still quite experimental - of course.
Use at your own risk and especially if you're using it with Enigmail and
GnuPG without a local[0] HTTP proxy.
We've continued with updating the web page to show some TorBirdy screen
 Call for help:
We're looking for assistance with Translations - if you'd like to
translate TorBirdy, we'd gladly accept a patch that prepares TorBirdy
for translation work. We now have German, English and Punjabi! Even if
you can't help translate, we'd love to know what languages matter to you
or your friends - please let us know?
Release Highlights:
0.0.12, 27 Sept 2012
  TorBirdy now has localization support
    Current languages: English, German (translated by Karsten N.),
    Punjabi
  TorBirdy code cleanup: fix global namespace pollution
  Do not select the last selected account to prevent automatic login
    (TorBirdy selects 'Local Folders' on startup to prevent this)
  Restore proxy settings at TorBirdy uninstall
    (settings prior to installation of TorBirdy)
  TorBirdy now allows HTTP/SSL connections
  Users may opt-out from `--throw-keyids'
  Enhanced TorBirdy JonDo support (thanks to Karsten N.)
  Fix a bug in 0.0.11 that prevented account preferences from being set
  Add Screenshots directory
  TorBirdy no longer requires a configured HTTP proxy for full use with
    Tor
  TorBirdy now enforces the safest HTTP proxy usage possible with GnuPG
    TorBirdy attempts to disable all name resolution in GnuPG due to a
    serious SOCKS5 problem with GnuPG proxy options in how we invoke
    GnuPG; GnuPG only supports SOCKS5 when it is linked against libcurl
    (>7.21.7) and hostnames are not used. This is outlined the
    following bug:
    General content anonymity caution note:
TorBirdy has known leaks in the Message-ID and in the Date header, we're
working on merging an upstream patch that will allow these leaks to be
closed. There are no known proxy leaks unless you use additional
extensions that do not respect the proxy settings of Thunderbird. If you
use GnuPG and Enigmail, we encourage you to use it with a local HTTP
proxy due to the issues mentioned[0] regarding GnuPG.
Here's the wiki page for TorBirdy:
  Here's the latest XPI for TorBirdy:
    Here is a proper GPG signature for the latest XPI:
    Here is the sha1sum of torbirdy-0.0.12.xpi:
  4d956d0458580dd689f2e02a6cf369384e4aa5af
The GnuPG signature that signed this email is also the same key that
signs the TorBirdy releases. To learn more about signature verification
of Tor Project related software such as TorBirdy please visit this page:
  The plugin on AMO has been preliminarily reviewed and we are still in
the review process. It is again possible (Hooray!) to install TorBirdy
directly from Thunderbird or by downloading the extension in a web
browser from Mozilla's website:
  We believe that users who installed previous versions from Mozilla's
addons site should receive this update automatically.
We now upload a full XPI and GnuPG signature for every new release to
the Tor Project's web servers:
  All the best,
[0] tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2013-08-04 01:29:45
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [tor-dev] augmenting RSA identities/signatures with ECC and beyond 
Linus and I had an interesting discussion at IETF 87 this past week in
Berlin. We're both concerned about long term Directory Authority
identity keys as well consensus signing with RSA keys.
We've agreed that we're interested in writing a proposal whereby we add
additional identity keys for authorities. Thus, we'll have whatever
security may be provided by RSA and the security that should be provided
by ECC signatures. The work on ntor should directly assist us in having
almost all the required crypto we'll need for such augmentation.
I tend to think that every directory authority should generate an
additional and new long term ECC identity key. This will require that
tor-gencert is extended to understand both ECC and RSA. We'll want to
add these fingerprints to src/or/config.c for each respective DA.
We'll want each directory authority to sign with both RSA and ECC. We'll
also want to extend the consensus format to handle publication of such
signatures. Older clients should be able to parse the consensus without
worry and they will check RSA signatures as always. Newer clients should
check both and report a mismatch into the logs at a high level. When
combined with ntor, I believe that we will have significantly improved
the cryptography in Tor.
It would be nice to be able to add other signature schemes -
specifically for pq crypto related undertakings. In an ideal world, I'd
like to be able to sign the consensus from my directory authority with
RSA, ECC and some kind of djb approved, tanja tested post-quantum
computer signature construct.
What do you think we should consider as we draft this proposal?
All the best,
tor-dev mailing list
tor-dev at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2013-08-09 00:22:54
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [tahoe-dev] Tahoe-LAFS, Tor and Tails 
Greetings from Berlin,
Leif and I have been working on ways to deploy, use and sync data with
Tahoe on Tails. Tails[0] is a live CD based on Debian GNU/Linux that is
supported by the Tor Project. It is intended to lose state after every
shutdown, unless a user configures it to keep certain bits of
information in a so-called Persistent container. This is usually a LUKS
encrypted partition on the same bootable medium that contains Tails.
To start - we worked through bootstrapping Tahoe on a Tails system - the
Tahoe package in Debian and thus available in Tails as of the Tails 0.19
release is 1.9.2-1. This is a bit older than we'd like, so we
bootstrapped from source with only a few Debian packages from the
packaging system.
Here is the git repo for the script that we used to bootstrap Tahoe-LAFS
on Tails 0.19:
  The following ticket covers the overall issues of actually trying to
bootstrap Tahoe safely on any network at all:
  The issues outlined in the above ticket should cover Tor users, though
likely it equally applies to a VPN user, an i2p user and really, anyone
barebacking with the internet.
Once this bootstrapping process was completed, we connected the Tails
machine to a Tahoe-LAFS grid that is Tor aware. The introducer runs as a
Tor hidden service. Each of the Storage Nodes also presents their
respective addresses as Tor hidden services through the previously
mentioned introducer.
We found that the open browser command uses the system browser included
with Tails. We weren't thrilled about the main browser being used for
local system daemon or system service related activities. I dislike that
it talks to the loopback interface, while other content it loads may go
over the Tor network or even try to do other things with stored data in
the browser or on the file system.
This ticket is an example of why total browser isolation is a good idea:
  We prefer that at least this browser data should be isolated from any
other web browsing I might perform with this machine. We wrote a quick
little hack to use a different profile - we added a wrapper called
`tahoe-browser` written in bash and stuffed it into
point to it:
  export BROWSER="/usr/local/bin/tahoe-browser"
This allows me to use `tahoe webopen grid-news/Latest/index.html` in a
completely separate browser profile. Hooray. What is grid-news? A useful
news service on our local Tor grid - any url would have the same issues
as noted.
Is this useful? Should we generalize this and add it to Tahoe? It would
be easy enough to extend src/allmydata/scripts/tahoe_webopen.py to do
this job with the addition of another small class. No such tahoe-browser
program would be required - though it surely wouldn't hurt to keep them
completely separated.
An interesting trick would be to put that browser profile itself inside
of a user's Tahoe grid. It would provide some on-the-go anti-forensics
and keep all Tahoe related url data, bookmarks and so on inside of the
grid itself. Leif isn't so hot on this idea because of Tahoe's Magic
Folders idea isn't implemented. Abstractly, I like the idea but I'm not
sure if it is practical.
As it stands, we've now managed to bootstrap Tahoe on Tails - so it is
basically possible to do all grid related activity over Tor. We don't
have to worry about exit nodes as we're using Tor Hidden Services for
all of the services. Though generally, I'm not really worried about Tor
Exit nodes in the context of Tahoe-LAFS.
In an ideal world, we'd use the Tails persistence feature to store a
user's Tahoe's introducer furl and a few other important bits. This
could then in turn be used to store all of the other Tails persistance
data - things like web browser history, .{ssh,gnupg,pidgin,etc}, and/or
even added Debian packages. To do this, we need to add persistence
support for Tahoe related configuration in Tails and we need to ensure
that Tahoe ships as part of Tails.
Here are a few bugs related to this in the Tails bug tracker:
    Adding '/home/amnesia/.tahoe' to the Tails persistence seems to be
possible from an existing Tails system. We've filed a bug to add this
discuss adding Tahoe as a default option in the persistence
configuration dialog:
  There are a few interesting improvements that came up for discussion
during this process.
One such idea relates to changing the way that the Storage Nodes publish
data to introducers.
Wouldn't it be nice if we could reduce the authority of the introducer
even more? With a little bit of effort, we could ensure that an attacker
who learns about the introducer is only able to learn the number of
Storage Servers but not any other information.
For an all Tor Hidden Service grid with such an introducer, an attacker
who takes the introducer will learn very little beyond a rough count of
the total Storage Nodes connecting to that introducer. The clients are
all protected by Tor and the Storage Nodes are similarly protected by
Tor. The Storage Nodes would stay not only geographically anonymous as
provided by Tor but it wouldn't be possible to learn their .onion names
and even begin to have any way to connect with them at all. To do this,
we'd need to encrypt the furls shared by the introducer in some way.
This requires that clients share a symmetric key or publish a public key
or something similar. Thus the introducer could even be shared by a few
groups who do not trust each other. If we merge the multi-introducer
patch, heavily used by the i2p folks, we could really do interesting
things along these lines. These ideas obviously require a design that is
beyond the scope of this email.
Additionally, we thought it useful to extend Tahoe to be aware of a grid
that uses Tor Stealth Hidden Services[1][2]. This essentially adds a
layer of authentication between a client and a server at the Tor layer.
Thus even if an attacker were to learn of a Storage Nodes's .onion,
without the corresponding shared secret - no one will be able to connect
to the Storage node or even elicit a reply from that server. This is a
bit tricky in the sense that the Storage Node will make outbound
connections to the introducer - so Tahoe Storage Node client side
exploitation is probably a concern. However, if an introducer were
stolen, the Storage Node's .onion would not be useful to the attacker
without the Tor Hidden Service authorization keys. Those keys should
only be available on the Tahoe client's Tor client, and the Tor Hidden
Service Storage Server's Tor client and not on the introducer.
We of course want to ensure that Tails has the newest version of Tahoe -
though there is some debate about using Tahoe-LAFS or Leif's Truckee
Tahoe-LAFS branch. Any thoughts on this topic would be appreciated.
What else should we be thinking about?
All the best,
[0] [1] [2] tahoe-dev mailing list
tahoe-dev at tahoe-lafs.org

@_date: 2013-12-17 01:43:59
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: request for transcript: Bruce Schneier and Eben Moglen discuss 
References: Juan Garofalo:
Where do we admit that the NSA can break Tor? We have seen evidence only
for the NSA exploiting the code in Tor Browser (Firefox) and never in
the core Tor network software.
Why is that?
All the best,

@_date: 2013-12-17 03:03:29
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: request for transcript: Bruce Schneier and Eben Moglen discuss 
References:  <52AFAC5F.7000106
 <1F2E328E402C269F4A9CF0E1
Juan Garofalo:
Wait, you're taking an academic paper, a good one I might add, and
saying that this counts as admission by the Tor Project that our efforts
are futile?
Perhaps the leaked documents that specifically state this fact might
clue you into their capabilities?
I encourage you to read them:
  Contained in those files, I see no evidence for your assertions. Aaron's
paper is good but as Al said, feel free to show us some evidence that
you've used it to break Tor!
Wait, they have access to information, that they publish, story by story
and that means that they're not credible? That is hilariously strange
reasoning. The information is coming out as quickly as people are able
to make sense of it.
No, the latest news is that Glenn still has nouns of steel and is still
publishing incredible news on a regular basis.
All the best,

@_date: 2013-12-17 18:07:20
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Fwd: Jacob impervious to "Rubber Hose Cryptanalysis" performed 
References: <20131217050832.BDD772280D1
dan at geer.org:
All journalism is and has always been "advocacy" journalism. Often
people don't notice the so-called advocacy as it is usually for the
unjust status quo in an unquestioning, fully compromising subservient
manner, I'd add.
All the best,

@_date: 2013-12-17 18:21:16
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: request for transcript: Bruce Schneier and Eben Moglen discuss 
References:  <52AFAC5F.7000106
 <1F2E328E402C269F4A9CF0E1
 <52AFBF01.3040608
 <6F4CEC544340D54F1C1A002E
Juan Garofalo:
Traffic analysis is likely feasible if you can watch all of the
internet. The question is at what resolution? With full packet captures
of everything, for all time, it becomes a statistical question with some
possibly negative outcomes.
Actually, we see from the documents that they cannot deanonymize all
people, all of the time; they must target. So actually, it *does*
protect people from instantly falling into the pitfalls related to
dragnet surveillance. You're avoiding this and it is totally silly.
The Tor Project is a 501c3 non-profit. As a company, we're not tools of
anyone and as a tool, tor, is similarly not a tool of the US government.
Your statements indicating otherwise are just rude and uninformed.
Could you possibly be more of an asshole, Juan?
How does that old quote go? "That which is presented without evidence
may be dismissed without argument." Yeah, exactly.
The NSA and the GCHQ ran a real operation to deanonymize someone. Do you
understand how they attempted to do this? Do you understand the evidence
presented or will you continue to ignore it?
Yes, you did - read the above documents already? The CES summer school
document discusses some of this and it is sadly very poor research. The
open community, such as Aaron's recent paper, is much much further
ahead. This is what we expect - this is why we work with an open
research community so seriously.
I'm giving you some credit - break it, already?
Can you please explain to everyone how they found the location of the
Silk Road? Hint: it wasn't Tor, it was his extremely bad operational
security and using... a VPN!
You criticize the only people working to inform the public and you
degrade their honor without having real information about their
specifics. Do you live under threat for your work? Do you live in exile
from your home country? Do you do anything that matters where someone
else has some criticisms because they don't have a full view on your
entire life or because they misunderstand something about what is
presented in public?
Ah, I see - you're basically just green with envy? Well, get in line, eh?
You could actually demonstrate that you see that Glenn, Laura and others
have taken real risks by doing anything at all to inform us. The way
that you behave, it is a wonder that they take such risks with people
who are so cynical and ungrateful as their peanut gallery. Lucky for the
rest of humanity that for every dozen people spending their energy being
so unkind, as you are, we have thousands who appreciate their efforts.
All the best,

@_date: 2013-12-17 19:15:42
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Fwd: Jacob impervious to "Rubber Hose Cryptanalysis" performed 
References: <20131217050832.BDD772280D1
 <52B092D8.9030706
John Young:
Yeah, of course. The clear answer is to ensure that this is done in a
sustainable manner as well. I don't mean fiscally either, I mean, more
than merely living through it and staying "free" for some sense of the word.
I'm not sure that I follow but it sounds poetic, as usual, John. ;-)
Indeed, on all counts.
I pre-empted his 9/11 trolling by talking about the holocaust. It
clearly surprised him and the entire event was captured on video. He
blamed FISA for 9/11, I blamed the FBI, NSA and CIA for being a bunch of
criminals that exceeded their authority - without their misdeeds, FISA
wouldn't even exist. He had nearly nothing to say to this assertion. I
think he doesn't often spar with people who will go toe to toe.
All the best,

@_date: 2013-12-31 20:13:49
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
References: <4dcbb04f7c2c485eb43d18e222b0f9a8
 <20131231051456.GC25536
Kevin W. Wall:
I'm also happy to answer questions in discussion form about the content
of the talk and so on. I believe we've now released quite a lot of
useful information that is deeply in the public interest.
All the best,

@_date: 2013-02-06 22:16:24
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Chromebooks for Risky Situations? 
Brian Conley:
Stop supporting the use of non-free software? We're all part of the
problem when we help people to be less free and to use proprietary
software or proprietary services. This is both an education and a
problem with enabling. We all suffer from it, I think.
When we encourage people to say, buy a Macbook or a Chromebook because
we're happy to support it over say, Windows, we're making things worse.
Largely because the choice is actually between Free Software and
proprietary software or free software on devices where we're not
actually able to exercise all of our freedoms.
Thus, when we aren't helping people to get off of the non-free platforms
or to reduce our dependency on non-free software, we're basically not
doing a great job at educating people that we care about and otherwise
wish to support. When we pass the buck, we're enabling them with
harmful, sometimes seriously so, solutions.
This essay seems like a longer version of what Micah has expressed:
    I also suggest reading these two essays by RMS:
  He is also talking about how the threats to a user might include Google
itself (eg: my legal cases!) or perhaps even the network you're using
(hint: ChromeOS has no way to protect you against such an attacker, so
no, it isn't safe to use everywhere or perhaps anywhere depending on
your trust of the local network).
Most of arguments I've heard here boil down to privileged wealthy people
complaining that learning and mutual aid or solidarity is simply too
hard. The worst is when people who train people in risky situations make
those kinds of statements.
It's frankly, really and seriously embarrassing.
All the best,
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2013-02-06 22:16:27
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Chromebooks for Risky Situations? 
T N:
It runs software that is in Debian, the GNU/Linux operating system. I
know, I've written some of it (eg: tlsdate). They do a good job of
locking things down but it is basically just another distribution of Linux.
This is hilarious.
I would *never* use a laptop that lacks a way to protect all your
traffic (eg: VPN/Tor/SSH tunnel/etc) in a place with serious
surveillance as an at risk person. Not only because the remote systems
will have your exact geographic location and because a lack of anonymity
allows for targeted attacks, but also because the local network is well
known to be seriously hostile!
A persistent backdoor on your Chromebook is not actually impossible. I
have a few ideas for how to make it happen and I've discuss
security/development issues with the ChromeOS team on a nearly daily basis.
Actually, I think you can compare it - one major advantage is that you
can protect your network traffic and compartmentalize your risk with any
Secure Boot enabled Linux distro. You can also do it without secure boot
and it isn't terribly hard as long as you draw arbitrary lines like "the
EFI firmware blobs and hardware are out of scope" which is what happens
with Secure Boot systems anyway.
All the best,
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2013-07-21 10:52:43
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [liberationtech] today's Spiegel edition 
A new Spiegel edition is out and it is awesome. It contains leaked
documents that show that the BND, BfV, NSA and CIA worked together to do
domestic spying in Germany. It also covers more information about XKEYSCORE.
The PDF of the article has been leaked too:
  For those that don't read German, I suggest reading anyway - the leaked
NSA document is in English and very telling.
Quote of the day:
(S//REL TO USA, FVEY) The German government modified its interpretation
of the G-10 Privacy Law, protecting the communications of German
citizens, to afford the BND more flexibility in sharing protected
information with foreign partners.
Once again, privacy by policy fails.
It is long past time for privacy by design through strong cryptography
and unmistakably clear legislation. With such changes, a
"re-interpretation" would cause those crypto systems to fail and this
would be part of the way we would alert people that they are under attack.
All the best,
Too many emails? Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password by emailing moderator at companys at stanford.edu or changing your settings at

@_date: 2013-11-16 06:12:57
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [Cryptography][Law] Jeremy Hammond Banned from using Cryptography 
References:  <5286CD06.40600
I would hire him in a flat second and I would encourage others to do the
Jeremy has a good heart and a great mind - I hope that after TEN YEARS
IN PRISON for breeching a WEBSITE and EMAIL SERVER that people will
consider his time served and help him to re-enter society.
This sentence is so disproportionate and unjust, it is sickening, it is
revolting and it is infuriating.
With contempt and disgust for this show at the US Court system today,

@_date: 2013-10-14 13:46:15
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [linux-elitists] Browser fingerprinting 
References: <20131007060756.GX10405
 <20131014000636.44F74DD8F
 <20131014012811.6d6463f5 <525B9CED.20907
 <20131014131033.0ee9af12
Cathal Garvey:
The Tor Browser, of course!
  These may be interesting to you:
Source and binary releases are available - I suggest using the 3.0
alphas to help us improve them for general use:
  All the best,

@_date: 2013-10-27 16:24:50
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Another Snowden News Story. Another Lesson in Proper 
References: This is total horse shit. It is completely inaccurate and completely
insulting to Manning, WikiLeaks and many many others.
All the best,

@_date: 2013-10-28 15:44:00
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [cryptome] how embassy eavesdropping works 
References: <20131028135245.GR10405
John Young:
A number of us have been working with Duncan. Our latest cover story in
Der Spiegel ("Das Nest") involved extensive discussions and research
with him.
He's a brilliant guy and a joy to work with on these topics.
All the best,

@_date: 2013-10-28 16:51:50
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [cryptome] how embassy eavesdropping works 
References: <20131028135245.GR10405
 <526E8640.2000304 <526E8CC9.9030602
Kelly John Rose:
Huh? There are a lot of assumptions in your statement that are totally
off base. I speak for myself - not some undefined group that you're
I work very openly with Duncan about everything I've seen, heard or have
evidence to substantiate. Duncan is a personal friend and frankly, an
inspiration. I don't 'feed' him anything - I work with him in any
capacity that we're able to make happen. The largest problem working
with Duncan is that I don't feel safe traveling to the UK. Their
extremely heavy handed government policies that attempt to suppress the
press are out of control.
There are many important stories in the works. You may enjoy our latest
story which is the seed for the front page story of nearly every single
German language paper:
I plan to work with Duncan on many stories in the future - he is a
pleasure to work with and he is brilliant. He is also kind - something a
lot of folks tend to lack as a quality.
All the best,

@_date: 2014-01-02 18:37:24
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
References: <4dcbb04f7c2c485eb43d18e222b0f9a8
 <20131231051456.GC25536
 <52C3257D.6000707
Jeffrey Walton:
Did anyone ever claim that they helped create DROPOUT JEEP?
I'm less interested in the payload than how it is deployed - are the
Apple signing keys only controlled by Apple? Do they fall under the
business records provision of the PATRIOT act? The QUANTUM documents do
not sound very good for ios users:
All the best,

@_date: 2014-01-03 00:37:45
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Recent Der Spiegel coverage about the NSA and GCHQ 
I wanted to write to highlight some important documents that have
recently been released by Der Spiegel about the NSA and GCHQ. We worked
very hard and for quite some time on these stories - I hope that you'll
enjoy them.
Inside TAO: Documents Reveal Top NSA Hacking Unit:
Part 1: Documents Reveal Top NSA Hacking Unit:
Part 2: Targeting Mexico:
Part 3: The NSA's Shadow Network:
NSA's Secret Toolbox: Unit Offers Spy Gadgets for Every Need:
Shopping for Spy Gear: Catalog Advertises NSA Toolbox:
Interactive Graphic: The NSA's Spy Catalog:
Neue Dokumente: Der geheime Werkzeugkasten der NSA:
NSA-Programm "Quantumtheory": Wie der US-Geheimdienst weltweit Rechner
Der Spiegel 1 / 2014:
TAO slides:
NSA QUANTUM Tasking Techniques for the R&T Analyst:
Yahoo! user targeting and attack example with QUANTUM:
QUANTUMTHEORY and related QUANTUM programs:
If you'd like to detect the QUANTUM INSERT, I suggest reading about the
race condition details:
Details about the Man-On-The-Side with QUANTUM:
QFIRE (NSA-Geheimdokumente: "Vorwrtsverteidigung" mit QFIRE), TURMOIL,
TURBINE, TURBULENCE:
More MARINA details:
Catalog of equipment covering around ~50 programs:
Other slides covering FOXACID and more:
NSA QUANTUMTHEORY capabilities list:
GCHQ QUANTUMTHEORY capabilities list:
An overview of all of these articles is available in German:
Earlier this week, I also recently gave a talk titled "To Protect and
Infect: part two" at CCC's 30C3. In the talk I explain a number of these
topics - the video is a reasonable complement to the above stories:
There are quite a few news articles and most of them have focused on the
iPhone backdoor known as DROPOUTJEEP - they largely miss the big picture
asserting that the NSA needs physical access. This is a
misunderstanding. The way that the NSA and GCHQ compromise devices with
QUANTUMNATION does not require physical access - that is merely one way
to compromise an iPhone. Generally the NSA and GCHQ compromise the phone
through the network using QUANTUM/QUANTUMNATION/QUANTUMTHEORY related
attack capabilities.
An example of a vulnerable Apple user is shown:
"note: QUANTUMNATION and standard QUANTUM tasking results in the same
exploitation technique. The main difference is QUANTUNATION deploys a
state 0 implant and is able to be submitted by the TOPI. Any ios device
will always get VALIDATOR deployed."
They're not talking about Cisco in that slide, I assure you.
Details on VALIDATOR:
Welcome to 2014!
The truth is coming and it can't be stopped,

@_date: 2014-01-03 01:12:21
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Recent Der Spiegel coverage about the NSA and 
References: <52C60659.2020708
The BULLRUN story was good but it really needs to be expanded. I find it
frustrating that the story wasn't better supported by documents.
Whoops - thanks!
I'm curious if anyone has yet spotted which well known programs are tied
to OLYMPUSFIRE? I'd guess you probably figured it out, if it is possible
to link it?
The QUANTUM programs are extremely powerful but largely because our
systems are so weak. Imagine if the NSA informed Apple and helped them
to fix their products rather than sabotaging American companies?
All the best,

@_date: 2014-07-03 12:01:15
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: [tor-talk] XKeyscore-Quellcode: more english details requested 
References: More information will be published shortly, including a long technical
English story with source code and a video this evening on German TV.
Here are the first bits of our story:
      Stay tuned for the next two publications which will happen in the next
twelve hours.
All the best,

@_date: 2014-07-03 16:11:39
@_author: Jacob Appelbaum 
@_subject: Fwd: [tor-talk] according to leaked XKeyScore source NSA marks 
References: <53b57339.a4f8420a.17ce.50b2SMTPIN_ADDED_MISSING
Here is some of the source code:
  Happy hacking,
