
@_date: 1998-09-15 21:35:34
@_author: Jaeger 
@_subject: Democracy... 
hey, would you care to show us where "seperation of church and state" is
to be found in the constitution/bill of rights?  absolute right and
wrong is not a religious belief (necessarily)..  your religious beliefs
do not affect the nature of reality.  there are absolute truths by
necessity...  see, there is NO WAY that there could not be.  Because if
there were no absolute truths, then that would mean that NOTHING is
absolute.  That statement in itself is an absolute.  now, as for
absolute truths regarding the president, there may or may not be any as
far as most people are concerned.  people always seem to make an
exception for people who agree with them...  in order to be an effective
president, however, one must uphold the very basis of this country, by
upholding the law.  Clinton perjured himself, obstructed justice, and
tampered with witnesses in a grand jury investigation (which was
incidentally  being conducted by a man who was praised just months
earlier as unbiased and very qualified for the job).  The man is
supposed to be the figurehead for our system of gov't.  If he cannot
follow the law, then he is not fit for the office.

@_date: 1998-09-15 23:19:24
@_author: Jaeger 
@_subject: Democracy... 
well, the first amendment is what I expected to be used...
unfortunately, the phrase "...wall of separation between church and
state" is not taken from the first amendment.  It is taken from a letter
written by Thomas Jefferson...  and the meaning is not that church
shouldn't have an effect on the state.  The state CAN support one
religion over another.  In context, the phrase simply explains that the
government can't make laws that RESTRICT religious practice or doctrinal
issues.  The state CAN make laws that encourage the practice of any one
particular religion, as long as the laws do not RESTRICT the PRACTICE of
other religions.  Making people uncomfortable isn't a constitutional
reason to overturn a law.
btw, notice the wording in the first amendment...it only restricts gov't
restrictions on religion.

@_date: 1998-09-16 22:26:33
@_author: Jaeger 
@_subject: Democracy... 
I reply to this message going point by point, within the original
text...  so scroll down if you care to read what I wrote..
Neither good nor evil is subjective to anything...  if something is
absolutely evil, then there is nothing that will make it good...  (and
vice versa )
as to the above thing about quoting, I agree...
I disagree with the above...  I'll explain later
speaking of invalid arguments...  might the above be an  ad
hominem (abusive) attack ?!?
ditto to my previous comment
as for the teachers reading the Bible to their classes, I would agree
that that is a violation of the first amendment...  however, the Bible
is a useful teaching tool as far as understanding history, as much of
history is influenced by the Bible or parts of it (the crusades, the
inquisition, various countries' foundings/gov't systems, and, of course,
the United States' history).  Using the Bible in a historical context
passes the Lemon test (guidelines laid out by the USSC regarding gov't
attitude towards religion)
okay, so this is a new kind of fallacy...  the appeal to a physical
threat as a means of winning an argument...  great...  you seem to be
very well rounded in making a variety of false arguments...
I defintiely agree with the above...
I was homeschooled for four years...(against my will)
no, actually it's more the insistence of the schools to present only the
humanist approach (which I consider a religion), rather than presenting
the facts as they are that bothers me...
how lovely....
