
@_date: 1998-01-07 07:21:12
@_author: jalonz at openworld.com 
@_subject: The Digital Society Group 
Hi all,
Openworld, Inc. is a company which sets up free enterprise zones around the
world. The "free zones" are akin to Hong Kong and Singapore and are
self-governing, independent entities as recognized by the parent country.
Free zones usually have the ability to issue citizenship, business licenses
and incorporation status to entities as well as have their own police force
and arbitration structure. A lot of them are not nearly big enough to need
that kind of independence, but there are a few.
Free zones rarely have bureacracy, taxes, etc. because the idea is to
create an environment for the rapid creation and deployment of new
businesses. Land is leased for 50-100 years with a parent entity buy-back
at the end of the term.
Can anyone say corporate state? Basically, free zones are corporations (or
groups of) leasing land from a country in order to make it valuable enough
to sell back at a large profit in 100 years. Notice that the emphasis is on
very long-term results. The free zone only makes money if the residents are
happy, educated and making money. Environmental issues are addressed
immediately. There is no bureacracy to hold things back.
I'll be the first to agree that a corporate state is very easy to abuse
(soon the world could end up being a Microsoft corporate state ). But
you have to start somewhere.
Most of these zones are created in third world countries and poorly
developed areas.  Free zones are exempt from telecommunications monopolies
so the bandwidth and connection fees are at regular US wholesale market
rates. When you consider that the economy is moving to be information and
bandwidth dependent, and the main thing holding a new country back is the
cost of a satellite feed, a free zone has enormous impact on the growth of
an area.
It is a bit mind-boggling to realize what the marriage of a free economic
zone and the Internet can accomplish.
Openworld, Inc. is developing drop-in modules for health, education,
business and governance functions for free zones as well as Internet
connectivity and infrastructures.
A division of Openworld, Inc., The Digital Society Group, has been formed
to apply technology to the infrastructure of the free zones and essentially
mirror them in cyberspace .
Without getting into too much detail, The Digital Society Group is
constructing a pure-technology infrastructure to provide for the operation,
governance and existence of a complete digital society within a free
enterprise zone.
My priorities are:
1. encryption for all
2. anonymity for all
3. digital currency for all
4. the ability for the creation of ad-hoc micro-communities by citizens
more or less on-the-fly
5. the ability for any entity - hardware, software, etc. to be a citizen
and be entitled to certain rights such as property ownership,
incorporation,etc. (the legislation is being written right now)
6. do it very, very cheaply and give it to the end-user (the world) for
Check out:
Sorry about the sparse web pages and the crappy graphics, but there is no
money for a graphics designer.
Locations are planned for Africa, Southeast Asia, Russia, etc.
We are already coding...

@_date: 1998-01-08 08:34:25
@_author: jalonz at openworld.com 
@_subject: The Digital Society Group 
I'm trying to get more docs online ASAP to explain things.
The physical free zones are very popular in the interational business
world, but I as a computer type had never heard of them other than Hong
Kong, etc.
When a country wants to set up a free zone, they come to Openworld and its
partner companies who do everything from clearing land, construction,
setting up businesses, schools, hospitals, etc. One of the soon to be
required components of a free zone installation is a digital infrastructure
to link all of the things together. We're talking smart cards for physical
structure security and personal ID, email, web hosting, net access, all
kinds of stuff.
Since we are building a "country" from scratch, rather than have to
automate paper workflows and do document management, the governance
processes are designed to be digital from the start.
Thus, to provide incorporation services to its citizens, a free zone allows
them to sign up via web browser, and the daily maintenance, processing and
management of the corporate records is also done almost exclusively via web
browser and email. Its fast, cheap, and requires far less labor than a
paper-based system. Another feature is that rather than maintaining the
records for the customer, the customer can log in via web browser and
update their own corporate record. (similar to Internic) This reduces labor
even further and reduces the cost of incorporation to around $100 per year
making instant offshore incorporation accessible to the general global
public for the first time.
That kind of solution applied across an entire governance and
communications infrastructure make for some radical things to become
Another concept being implemented is that each new free zone (being fully
wired) can easily replicate records and data with other free zones (they
will actually be required to for certain things) and thus a citizen in one
free zone can access banking, etc. services (even physical access) in
another. So, we see the emergence of a phsically distributed, digitally
cohesive network of "corporate states".
This lends to applications like data protection and hiding via distributed
storage or data sharing via common dataspaces and replication.
The technical methods to perform all of this work are a bit touchy. At the
risk of starting endless flame wars, I was looking at Lotus Bloats for its
replication and hierarchical security structure as well as easy forms to
web publishing and workflow management. That got shot down at the thought
of actually administrating the mess and also the costs are fairly
significant. The final nail in the coffin was the encryption key escrow
fiasco with the Swiss.
I was also looking at NT due to the nice database-to-web interface and the
fact that IIS 4 isn't too bad. But again software license costs are large
and who knows if Microsoft is doing, or will do, a key escrow deal for
future products? Who knows what they are doing now with NT on the OS level?
You can't run around making structures which allow people around the world
to move money and communicate anonymously, incorporate and have software
agents be owners of property and bank accounts without someone getting very
pissed off.
Thus, a good solution seems to be Linux in that its cheap, Unix is good for
multi-process routing, and the toolkits and components created by the
Digital Society can be easily moved into the public domin in some form or
another. Also, the export mess can be gotten around in one way or another.
Any comments? Any better alternatives than Linux?
The coding being done now is either cross-platform or prototype which will
be scrapped as soon as the kinks are worked out and the real fun can begin.
The Digital Society is purposefully working cheap and small to enable the
tools and communities to be deployed at as close as possible to no cost for
the end-user - that is the priority.
Most things are being coded from scratch to ensure security and keep the
costs low. Labor is cheap - when its your own.

@_date: 1998-01-08 15:48:36
@_author: jalonz at openworld.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
tough noogies
deal with it...
Notice the words "criminal investigations"? God forbid talent could
actually be used for a good cause. The incidents in question were actually
quite serious (Chinese mafia money laundering via phony real estate deals)
and not at all like the porno bbs confiscation crap you'd be thinking of.
Besides the DA office reference (I can completely understand about that
one), which was consulting work, what's your point in laying someone's life
out on a page? Who cares? Yeah, its a lot of stuff, I just happen to work
for start-up companies and thus I jump around a lot - given that most of
them never make it due to one problem or another.

@_date: 1998-01-09 09:05:24
@_author: jalonz at openworld.com 
@_subject: Jalon'sWorld and Evil Money Laundering 
I personally dont see money laundering as a "bad" thing, but fraud
definitely is. What you do with your money is your business as long as you
dont hurt someone else. This was not the case. (IMHO)
I'm sure it will.
Hell no, I personally do not think it would not be practical, moral or
cost-effective to use key-escrow methods. Key escrow empowers governments,
not individuals - at the cost of the individuals right to privacy.
has anyone?
Then why doesn't someone do it? Like I said we have to start somewhere.
Well it definitely is the latest and it definitely is one of many, so your
suspicions are correct.
BTW, The Digital Society Group has been selected to deploy the entire
Digital Society Package within the new Agulhas Bay Free Zone in the
People's Democratic Republic of Sao Tome and Principe.
I'd advise a look at the new content on the Digital Society website.
