
@_date: 2006-06-29 17:03:47
@_author: Hughes, James J. 
@_subject: [technoliberation] Vernor Vinge on computers, freedom and privacy 
Big Brother takes a controlling interest in chips
A chilling novel details how everyday technologies could gradually lead
to a far more invasive society than even Orwell dreamed of
Wendy Grossman
Thursday June 29, 2006
The Guardian
Science fiction writers love to ask "What if?" What if a
super-intelligent alien race had planted a pair of devices to boost our
development at key moments? What if new technologies such as television
and electronics become pervasive? George Orwell's answer to the latter,
in 1948's 1984, was to show the apparently perfect, controlled society
they could enable.
But one thing usually missing is the "how?" At the Computers, Freedom,
and Privacy (CFP) conference, held in Washington, DC, last month, Vernor
Vinge, a retired computer scientist and the author of Rainbows End,
provided a compelling explanation of how developing technology and
powerful interests could create a society far more invasive and
controlled than anything Orwell dreamed of.
The scenario he describes is the background he researched for Rainbows
End. Set in 2025, the characters are surrounded by logical extensions of
today's developing technology. Wearable computing is commonplace.
Tagging and ubiquitous networked sensors mean you can look at the
landscape with your choice of overlay and detail. People send each other
silent messages and Google for information within conversations with
participants who may be physically present or might be remote
projections. One character's projection is hijacked and becomes the
front for three people. The owner of another remote intelligence is
unknown. Several continents' top intelligence operatives try to solve a
smart biological attack that infects a test population with the
willingness to obey orders.
Vinge makes two opening assumptions: no grand physical disaster occurs,
and today's computing and communications trends continue.
He added a third trend: "The great conspiracy against human freedom." As
novelist Doris Lessing has observed, barons on opposite sides of the
river don't need to be in cahoots if their interests coincide. In our
case, defence, homeland security, financial crime enforcement, police,
tax collectors and intellectual property rights holders offer reasons to
want to control the hardware we use. Then there are geeks, who can be
tempted to forget the consequences if the technology is cool enough.
Vinge quotes the most famous line from the comic strip Pogo: "We have
met the enemy, and he is us."
Vinge's technology to satisfy these groups' dreams is the Secure
Hardware Environment (She), which dedicates some bandwidth and a small
portion of every semiconductor for regulatory use. Deployment is
progressive, as standards are implemented. Built into new chips, She
will spread inevitably through its predecessors' obsolescence.
This part is terribly plausible. It sounds much like the Trusted
Computing Platform, implemented in Intel chips and built into machines
from Dell, Fujitsu-Siemens and others. Most people don't realise their
new computer contains a chip designed to block the operation of any
software not certified by the group. Now enhance that and build it into
RFID chips, networked embedded systems, shrink and distribute as "smart
dust". All are current trends or works in progress.
Geeks are willing to fight Trusted Computing on the grounds that it
could be used to block open-source software or to enforce draconian
digital rights management. But what if accepting it meant less visible
security, less bureaucracy, even slight profit? She automatically sends
taxes, enables much less noticeable surveillance and gets you through
security checkpoints with no waiting. There's less crime, because
legislative reality can be enforced on physical reality. Fewer false
convictions. Make regulation automatic, and it seems to go away. New
laws can be downloaded as a regulatory upgrade.
"She," Vinge concluded at the conference, "fits the trajectory that
economics and technical progress are following. The infrastructure for
such control will probably arrive in any case." He also calls his
scenario optimistic.
This is, however, one of the paths to Technological Singularity, which
Vinge wrote up in a 1993 essay. It's the moment superhuman intelligence
is achieved, either through systems we build or human augmentation. The
Singularity changes everything; nothing after it is predictable. In the
world of Rainbows End, he thinks, they are either on the verge of
Singularity or it is happening. This caused its own singularity in
science fiction. Charlie Stross, whose novel Accelerando attempts to
depict living through the Singularity, has called it "the turd in the
punchbowl of near-future SF - you may politely pretend it isn't there,
but everyone has to deal with it."
Author Ken MacLeod places the Singularity in the context of post-2001
hopelessness. "When human beings feel they can't change the future, they
begin to imagine that maybe superhuman beings can: gods, angels, aliens
- and now artificial intelligences (AI). The idea of the Singularity is
just a sophisticated version of this ancient ... superstition, that
human history is or soon will be made by something other and better than
human beings."
Way to believe
Vinge doesn't dispute the notion that humans look for a way to believe
things will be better. Year 2000 software remediation is an example:
"Prudent apprehension caused an awful lot of money to be spent ... and
was one reason there were no significant problems."
Most people assume the cause of the Singularity, if it happens, will be
the effect of Moore's Law (that the number of transistors that can fit
in a given space on a semiconductor doubles every 18 months). It's also
usually connected to AI. In his essay, however, Vinge suggested four or
five paths to the Singularity, only one of which was unitary AI.
But here is where Vinge's thinking gets optimistic (unlike the CFP
conference, which saw surveillant databases everywhere). The road to
technological Gaia is full of frictional costs that could stop it.
"It's not going to work very well," he says, "but it will be attempted,
both by the state and by civil special interest petitioners." The drug
laws provide a perfect illustration: "The ideal job to have in
government is something everybody is convinced is essential to be done
successfully that cannot be done successfully and the government is the
only entity that can do it. Every time you fail, you say, 'The problem
is much larger than we imagined, give us some more money.'"
"The leaders of most powerful countries are coming to realise that the
most important natural resources are not factories or the size of
armies. Economic power is in the size of the population that is
well-educated, creative and generally happy enough to be optimistic
enough to want to do something creative."
"The illusion of freedom becomes a strange thing when a government is
dealing with ... thousands of people who are as bright as the smartest
people running the government. Together, they outclass the people
running the show. The turning point is the notion that to provide this
illusion of freedom for such a group would wind up being more like real
freedom than anything in human history." Or, as he thinks Pogo might say
for the 21st century, "We have met what's going to save our ass and it
is us."
Yahoo! Groups Links
<*> To visit your group on the web, go to:
    <*> To unsubscribe from this group, send an email to:
    technoliberation-unsubscribe at yahoogroups.com
<*> Your use of Yahoo! Groups is subject to:
    Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-06-01 10:46:53
@_author: Hughes, James J. 
@_subject: [x-risk] Global Terrorism Database 
I wonder what kind of expert systems extrapolation could be done on this
database? - J.
Global Terrorism Database
Global Terrorism Database (GTD)The Global Terrorism Database (GTD) is an
open-source database including information on terrorist events around
the world since 1970 (currently updated through 2004). Unlike many other
event databases, the GTD includes systematic data on international as
well as domestic terrorist incidents that have occurred during this time
period and now includes almost 80,000 cases. For each GTD incident,
information is available on the date and location of the incident, the
weapons used and nature of the target, the number of casualties, and --
when identifiable -- the identity of the perpetrator.
The START Center is making the GTD available to government policy makers
and academics in an effort to increase understanding of terrorist
violence so that it can be more readily defeated.
Characteristics of the GTD
    * Contains information on over 80,000 terrorist attacks
    * The main types of information found in the GTD are items that you
would expect to find in a well written newspaper story about a terrorist
attack: the type of attack, the number of persons killed, the group
claiming responsibility, the date of the event and so on
    * The GTD is currently the most comprehensive unclassified data base
on terrorist events in the world
    * It includes information on more than 27,000 bombings, 13,000
assassinations, and 2,800 kidnappings
    * The original data include information on over 45 variables; the
new data include over 120 variables
    * More than 75 data collectors with expertise in six language groups
are currently engaged in collecting GTD data
    * Data collection is supervised by an advisory panel of 12 terrorism
research experts
    * Over 2,000,000 news articles and 25,000 new sources were reviewed
to collect GTD from 1998 to 2004 alone
    * The goal of START is to make all GTD data available to government
employees immediately and to release all data to researchers
approximately one year after the end of data collection
    * The original GTD data base (1970-1997) is available to researchers
through the Inter University Consortium for Political and Social
Research (
The GTD Story
The Global Terrorism Database -- or GTD -- began in 2001 when
researchers at the University of Maryland obtained a large database
originally collected by the Pinkerton Global Intelligence Services, a
relative of the famous Irish detective agency.
Force personnel -- to identify and record terrorism incidents from wire
services, government reports, and major international newspapers. With
funding from the National Institute of Justice, the Maryland team
finished computerizing the original Pinkerton data in December 2005,
making corrections and adding additional information wherever possible.
In April 2006, the National Consortium for the Study of Terrorism and
Responses to Terrorism (START), working with the Center for Terrorism
and Intelligence Studies (CETIS), received additional funding from the
Human Factors Division of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to
extend the GTD beyond 1997. By June 2007 data collection was completed
through 2004.
During the next year the new data will be systematically integrated with
the original data to form a single source of information on terrorist
attacks, covering the entire period 1970 to 2007.
existential mailing list
existential at transhumanism.org

@_date: 2007-05-30 20:49:21
@_author: Hughes, James J. 
@_subject: [tt] Algorithms better than humans at face recognition 
Technology Review - Published by MIT
Wednesday, May 30, 2007
Better Face-Recognition Software
Computers outperform humans at recognizing faces in recent tests.
By Mark Williams
For scientists and engineers involved with face-recognition
technology,the recently released results of the Face Recognition Grand
Challenge--more fully, the Face Recognition Vendor Test (FRVT) 2006 and
the Iris Challenge Evaluation (ICE) 2006--have been a quiet triumph.
Sponsored by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST),
the match up of face-recognition algorithms showed that machine
recognition of human individuals has improved tenfold since 2002 and a
hundredfold since 1995. Indeed, the best face-recognition algorithms now
perform more accurately than most humans can manage. Overall,
facial-recognition technology is advancing rapidly.
Jonathon Phillips, program manager for the NIST tests and lead author of
the agency's report, says that the intended goal of the Face Recognition
Grand Challenge was always an order-of-magnitude improvement in
recognition performance over the results from 2002. Phillips believes
that the necessary decrease in error rate to achieve that goal was due
in large measure to the development of high-resolution still-images and
3-D face-recognition algorithms. "For the FRVT 2006 and the ICE 2006,
sets of high-resolution face images, 3-D face scans, and iris images
were collected of the same people," Phillips says. "The FRVT 2006 for
the first time measured the performance of six 3-D algorithms on a set
of 3-D face scans. The ICE 2006 measured the performance of ten
algorithms on a set of iris images. 3-D face recognition has come into
its own in the last few years because 3-D sensors for face recognition
have become available only recently. What 3-D face recognition
contributes is that it directly captures information about the shapes of
Among other advantages, 3-D facial recognition identifies individuals by
exploiting distinctive features of a human face's surface--for instance,
the curves of the eye sockets, nose, and chin, which are where tissue
and bone are most apparent and which don't change over time.
Furthermore, Phillips says, "changes in illumination have adversely
affected face-recognition performance from still images. But the shape
of a face isn't affected by changes in illumination." Hence, 3-D face
recognition might even be used in near-dark conditions.
According to Ralph Gross, a researcher at the Carnegie Mellon Robotics
Institute, in Pittsburgh, 3-D facial recognition can also recognize
subjects at different view angles up to 90 degrees--in other words,
faces in profile. "Face recognition has been getting pretty good at full
frontal faces and 20 degrees off, but as soon as you go towards profile,
there've been problems." Gross says that the explanation for
face-recognition software's difficulties with profiles may be no more
complicated than the fact that no one was focusing on the problem. The
main applications of face recognition have been in contexts like ID
cards and face scanners, for which the aim has been recognition of the
full frontal faces of cooperative subjects under controlled lighting.
High-resolution still images have been another factor in the improvement
of face-recognition technology, in part because highly detailed
skin-texture analysis has also become possible. With such analysis, any
patch of skin--called a skin print--can be captured as an image, then
broken up into smaller blocks that algorithms turn into mathematical,
measurable spaces in which lines, pores, and the actual skin texture are
recorded. "It can identify differences between identical twins, which
isn't yet possible using facial-recognition software alone," Gross
explains. "By combining facial recognition with surface-texture
analysis, accurate identification can increase by 20 to 25 percent."
What about the FRVT report's claim that some face-recognition algorithms
equal or exceed humans' recognition capabilities? Phillips explains:
"Humans are very good at recognizing faces of familiar people. However,
they aren't so good at recognizing unfamiliar people." Since many
proposed face-recognition systems would complement or replace humans,
the FRVT's comparative tests of the face-recognition capabilities of
humans and software--the first such testing--were important for
measuring the potential effectiveness of applications. Phillips says
that at low false accept rates (a false accept rate is the measure of
the likelihood that a biometric security system will incorrectly accept
an access attempt by an unauthorized individual), six out of seven
automatic face-recognition algorithms were comparable to or better than
human recognition. These were algorithms from Neven Vision, Viisage,
Cognitec, Identix, Samsung Advanced Institute for Technology, and
Tsinghua University. Unfortunately, Phillips adds, "because the majority
of FRVT 2006 participants haven't disclosed the details of their
methods, it's not possible yet to assess what's distinctive about these
How does the commercial payoff for face recognition look? Quite
promising, because dozens of companies aim to cash in on face
recognition's potential as a biometric for credentialing and
verification purposes. For the FRVT, venerable corporations like Toshiba
and Samsung competed alongside companies like Neven Vision--just
acquired by Google--and Viisage and Identix (which have just merged into
L1 Identity Solutions), as well as alongside researchers from
universities as diverse as Beijing, Cambridge, and Carnegie Mellon. What
applications does a company like Google foresee for the technology
developed by its recent acquisition, Neven Vision? According to a Google
PR person, "We believe it offers promising integration possibilities
with Google's services, such as Picasa and Picasa Web Albums,
particularly in terms of helping users organize and search their own
At Carnegie Mellon, Ralph Gross says that among other efforts, he and
his colleagues have been "involved with local DMVs in order to scan
images for driver's licenses. I've gotten reports from the state level
to say that, using face-recognition technology, they caught quite a
number of people who applied for licenses in either different states or
in the same state under a different name because their previous license
got suspended." It's a growing trend. States using such technology
include Massachusetts, Illinois, West Virginia, Wisconsin, Colorado,
North and Southern Carolina, Oklahoma, North Dakota, Arkansas, and
Mississippi. Nevertheless, Gross stresses, applying face-recognition
technology to ID photos is a long way from having the capability that
would let law enforcement search a city's webcam networks for specific
individuals. "With driver's license photos, you have a controlled
background, an operator telling you exactly how to position your face;
the images are collected under comparable conditions. It's much more
restricted than the random-face-in-the-crowd problem, where you're
sticking a camera on a building."
Still, Gross says, "you can already see the path building." Until
recently, the video-surveillance industry still mostly relied on analog
cameras, requiring cable to be set up for long distances to connect
those cameras to monitoring equipment. Now, "the industry is switching
to IP-based cameras, with which you can pretty easily tap into already
existing Ethernet networks," Gross says. "So you have wireless cameras
and cameras using POE [Power over Ethernet technology allows IP
telephones, wireless LAN Access Points, and other appliances to receive
power as well as data over existing LAN cabling] where you don't need a
separate power plug. You can buy commercial solutions that are
essentially a TiVo for these cameras, with motion sensors built in so
they only record when there's motion happening. With digital storage,
you can keep the data indefinitely and enhance it in ways that you can't
with analog images. So all these things are coming together."
In principle, therefore, as face-recognition software continues its
rapid advance, it will likely be possible to search for specific faces
across a network of webcams. Accordingly, Gross's recent work at
Carnegie Mellon, in conjunction with colleagues at the Data Privacy Lab
there, has been the development of algorithms to protect individuals'
privacy while under video surveillance. The usual methods that thwart
human recognition of an individual's features on video--for example,
those pixelated fields sometimes covering faces and body parts on
reality-TV shows--already won't fool much face-recognition software.
Completely blacking out each face in a video clip would do the job, but
this would be of limited use if law-enforcement agencies wanted to
follow up evidence of suspicious behavior once they had a court warrant.
The function of the privacy-preserving algorithms that Gross is helping
to create, he explains, is to automatically take the average values of
individuals' faces and, from those, synthesize new facial images, then
superimpose those new images over the originals. "It may seem like the
opposite technology," Gross says, "but actually, it's just the other
side of face recognition."
Copyright Technology Review 2007.
tt mailing list
tt at postbiota.org

@_date: 2007-09-28 20:54:34
@_author: Hughes, James J. 
@_subject: [technoliberation] Application of sousveillance in human rights: Burma & Darfur 
American Association for the Advancement of Science
Satellite images corroborate eyewitness accounts of human rights abuses
in Burma, AAAS reports
Before-and-after satellite images show the site of an apparent military
encampment in Burma on Nov. 11, 2000, (top), and again on Dec. 13, 2006,
(bottom), when new bamboo fencing can...
Click here for more information.
A new analysis of high-resolution satellite images -- completed by the
American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) -- pinpoints
evidence consistent with village destruction, forced relocations, and a
growing military presence at 25 sites across eastern Burma where
eye-witnesses have reported human rights violations.
The research by AAAS, a non-profit, non-partisan organization and the
world's largest general scientific society, offers clear physical
evidence to corroborate on-the-ground accounts of specific instances of
destruction. It is believed to be the first demonstration of satellite
image analysis to document human rights violations in Burma, also known
as Myanmar.
AAAS had previously used the same technology to assess destruction in
Darfur and Zimbabwe. The latest research was supported by the Open
Society Institute and the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation.
Multiple burn scars can be seen in the June 24, 2007, image in Burma,
above, likely representing settlement structures that were burnt in
reported April 2007 attacks. No before imagery...
Click here for more information.
A military state since 1962, Burma's ruling junta continues to clash
with the National League for Democracy, and has detained the group's
elected leader -- the world's only imprisoned Nobel Peace Prize winner,
Aung San Suu Kyi -- for nearly a dozen years now. Earlier this year,
U.S. Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) joined First Lady Laura Bush in
decrying human rights violations in Burma, describing it as "a land
where 3,000 villages have been destroyed, 1,300 political prisoners are
in jail, 70,000 child soldiers have been forcibly recruited, and over
500,000 people are internally displaced." U.S. Ambassador Jackie W.
Sanders said Burmese military forces systematically rape women and
girls, especially those of the Shan, Karen, Karenni, and other ethnic
An estimated 90 percent of Burmese people live below or near the poverty
level, subsisting on a dollar per day or less, Charles Petrie, the
United Nations humanitarian chief in Burma told the Associated Press in
Working with three human rights groups in Burma, AAAS researcher Lars
Bromley obtained field descriptions of more than 70 instances of human
rights violations that were reported to take place from mid-2006 through
early 2007 in eastern Burma's Karen State and surrounding regions.
Bromley, director of the AAAS Geospatial Technologies and Human Rights
project, said documenting human rights violations in Burma posed special
challenges. Burmese military tactics reportedly include forcing ethnic
minorities to abandon their homes, and the use of scattered mortar fire
to intimidate those who try to grow rice or other crops.
A before image (top) depicts a small settlement in Burma on May 5, 2004,
and again on Feb. 23, 2007, with all structures removed. The images
correspond with information...
Click here for more information.
Consequently, Bromley noted: "Physical evidence of reported attacks on
civilians sometimes can be subtle compared to the slash-and-burn types
of destruction that we saw in Darfur or Zimbabwe. It's also a lush
ecosystem where plants can quickly grow to cover burn marks, and clouds
and terrain often block satellite observation." In addition, he said,
maps of the area are largely decades old, with "foreign" village name
spellings that are not used by reporting organizations or local people.
Despite such challenges, AAAS precisely mapped the locations of 31 of
some 70 reported human rights violations by comparing field notes with
information provided by the U.S. National Geospatial-Intelligence
Agency. Satellite image analysis then revealed physical evidence to
corroborate reported instances of human rights violations at 25 of the
31 accurately mapped sites. Wherever possible, Bromley compared archival
satellite images with newly acquired shots to examine sites before as
well as after the reported military activity. In other cases, recent
images revealed clear signs of destruction.
"Eighteen of the locations showed evidence consistent with destroyed or
damaged villages," Bromley reported. "We found evidence of expanded
military camps in four other locations as well as multiple possibly
relocated villages, and we documented growth in one refugee camp on the
Thai border. All of this was very consistent with reporting by multiple
human rights groups on the ground in Burma."
Within the Papun District, human rights groups had described increasing
conflicts and displacement, and the development of 33 new military camps
beginning in late March 2006. Field reports then allowed Bromley to map
the location of Papun District villages burned on and around April 22,
2007. Newly acquired satellite images revealed multiple burn scars in
the midst of an otherwise thick green forest. Before-and-after images
showed the removal of structures, consistent with eye-witness reports of
village destruction. Signs of an expanded military presence, such as the
buildup of bamboo fencing around a camp, and construction of a satellite
camp, also were identified.
North of the Papun District, in the Toungoo District, human rights
groups have reported military camp buildup, village buildings burned,
and dam and road construction by military forces. Again, AAAS
before-and-after satellite images provided evidence consistent with
ground reports of such incidents.
Similarly, Bromley documented human rights violations in the Dooplaya
District and the Shan State, where 23,700 people are said to be living
in relocation sites, as well as the expansion of refugee camps in
Thailand near the Burmese border. Nearly 160,000 refugees were believed
to have crossed the border into Thailand as of 2006. One dramatic pair
of images from Shan State reveals a 24-structure settlement in January
2000 where nearly all structures had been either completely destroyed or
severely damaged by February 2007.
The AAAS research is continuing, Bromley emphasized, and further study
by other investigators would be ideal in order to rule out any possible
alternate explanations for the removed or severely degraded villages. He
encourages reporting organizations and other parties to engage in the
image-analysis process.
The AAAS Science and Human Rights Program explores how satellite imagery
and other cutting-edge geospatial technologies can be used to assess
potential human rights violations and prevent new ones before they
develop, Director Mona Younis explained. "The imaging initiative is an
excellent example of how science and technology can be applied to help
expose human rights violations," Younis said. "The Burma project is the
latest in a 30-year effort by AAAS that has included documenting
atrocities from Guatemala to Kosovo, while also working to promote basic
human rights worldwide."
Bromley relied upon the Free Burma Rangers, the Karen Human Rights
Group, and the Thailand Burma Border Consortium for field accounts of
military oppression and destruction.
Images were provided by two firms: GeoEye, Inc (Nasdaq:GEOY) and
TELECONFERENCE: An embargoed teleconference, for reporters only, will
take place Friday, 28 September, 2007, at 12:30 p.m. U.S. Eastern Time.
In the United States, dial toll-free, 888-790-1712. Outside the United
States, dial 1-210-234-0098. The passcode will be "geospatial." The
leader's name is "Ginger Pinholster." Information will remain under
embargo until 1:00 p.m. U.S. ET Friday, 28 September, 2007. Reporters,
please note: A sufficient number of phone lines have been ordered to
accommodate reporters. Capacity could easily be exceeded, however, if
the dialing instructions and passcode are circulated beyond the reporter
community. Please refrain from sharing the teleconference information.
DOWNLOAD THE AAAS REPORT: An embargoed copy of the AAAS technical report
is available for review by reporters only. Reporters are asked to
refrain from re-distributing the report while it remains under embargo.
For background on the AAAS Darfur study, completed in conjunction with
Amnesty International USA, see:
For background on the AAAS Zimbabwe study, see:
The American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) is the
world's largest general scientific society, and publisher of the
journal, Science ( AAAS was founded in 1848, and
includes some 262 affiliated societies and academies of science, serving
10 million individuals. Science has the largest paid circulation of any
peer-reviewed general science journal in the world, with an estimated
total readership of one million. The non-profit AAAS ( is
open to all and fulfills its mission to "advance science and serve
society" through initiatives in science policy; international programs;
science education; and more. For the latest research news, log onto
EurekAlert!,  the premier science-news Web site, a
service of AAAS.
[ Back to EurekAlert! ] [ Print Article | E-mail Article | Close Window
Yahoo! Groups Links
<*> To visit your group on the web, go to:
    <*> Your email settings:
    Individual Email | Traditional
<*> To change settings online go to:
        (Yahoo! ID required)
<*> To change settings via email:
    mailto:technoliberation-digest at yahoogroups.com     mailto:technoliberation-fullfeatured at yahoogroups.com
<*> To unsubscribe from this group, send an email to:
    technoliberation-unsubscribe at yahoogroups.com
<*> Your use of Yahoo! Groups is subject to:

@_date: 2010-05-03 16:24:12
@_author: Hughes, James J. 
@_subject: [x-risks] Jobs available working on terrorism in MD/Wash DC 
Not as terrorists, but rather as terrorism experts....
Current Job Opportunities at START
The National Consortium for the Study of Terrorism and Responses to Terrorism (START) has several openings for full-time positions to begin in Summer 2010. These positions are all based at START headquarters at the University of Maryland, College Park, and there are opportunities for people at different phases of their careers.
Links below provide details on each job as well as on the application process for each position. We look forward to applications from interested, qualified people.
Senior Researcher, Terrorism and Counterterrorism Project
This is a full-time, non-tenure track position, with an initial term of 12 months (starting in June 2010). The researcher will be a member of a research team engaged in a multiyear study of the nature and impacts of government countermeasures on the evolution of extremist and terrorist movements. The researcher will lead original data collection, revision of an existing codebook, and quantitative coding as well as assist with quantitative data analyses.Click here for Senior Researcher, Terrorism and Counterterrorism position description .
Project Manager/Senior Researcher (PM/SR), Radiological and Nuclear Non-State Adversary Research Project This is a full-time, non-tenure track faculty position, with an initial term of 12 months (starting in June 2010). The PM/SR will support overall project coordination and be a member of a research team engaged in a multiyear study assessing various aspects of non-state actor radiological and nuclear behavior, including but not limited to the pursuit and use of radiological and nuclear weapons by terrorists. Click here for Project Manager/Senior Researcher position description .
Researcher, Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Project This is a full-time, non-tenure track position, with a term of 12 months (starting in June 2010). The researcher will be a member of a research team engaged in a multiyear study assessing new analytic methods for the use and analysis of open-source databases to enhance situational awareness for effective counter-WMD strategies. Duties will include: validating existing data and collecting new data on related to chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear (CBRN) weapons and conducting case studies on terrorist groups and individuals with respect to CBRN usage. Click here for WMD Researcher position description .
Gary Ackerman
Assistant Director for Research and Communication
National Consortium for the Study of Terrorism and Responses to Terrorism
Tel: (301) 405-6656 (Direct)
Tel: (301) 405-6600 (START Main)
Fax: (301) 314-1980
E-mail: gackerman at start.umd.edu
Website: existential mailing list
existential at ieet.org

@_date: 2013-04-13 17:19:03
@_author: Hughes, James J. 
@_subject: [x-risk] Meet the billionaire survivalists - Salon.com 
Saturday, Apr 6, 2013 Meet the billionaire survivalists
Third-world moguls are prepping for political and economic collapse by buying up property in America's top cities
By Lynn Stuart Parramore
A recent article from Vanity Fair paints a curious picture of Londonbs well-heeled Knightsbridge, a neighborhood of quaint Victorian houses and elegant hotels serving high tea. Today, a ginormous complex of concrete and metal towers looms above; a development some call the worldbs most exclusive address. Though London has long been a place where the cops donbt even carry guns, security is the watchword at One Hyde Park: high-tech panic rooms, bulletproof glass and bbowler-hatted guards trained by British Special Forcesb offer residents the promise of perfect safety and privacy in luxurious surroundings.
Only, nobody really lives there. At night, the building is nearly pitch-dark despite the fact that most of the units have been sold.
The story of who bought these apartments and why reveals the complex dynamics of a tectonic economic shift that is creating a bumper crop of billionaires in the Third World as the austerity-strapped First World stagnates. This year, Forbes magazinebs annual list of billionaires included the first recorded in Angola, Nepal, Swaziland and Vietnam. Japan, once second in the number of billionaires, has been left behind by Russia and China. Europe long boasted the most billionaires after the U.S. but the Asia-Pacific region has taken off and may soon leave Europe in the dust. Today it is home to 386 10-figure fortunes (a decade ago, there were only 61). The worldbs wealthiest person is a Mexican telecom mogul, Carlos Slim.
Vanity Fair reports that many of the apartments at One Hyde Park are owned by people who donbt want their identities revealed, people who hide behind the names of odd-sounding corporations registered in tax havens like the Cayman Islands. Others are Russian oligarchs, Chinese moguls and a Nigerian telecom tycoon. Rinat Akhmetov, the Ukrainebs 16 Billion Dollar Man, is a typical buyer. Attracted to Londonbs lax regulation and weak enforcement of things financial, these plutocrats are looking to protect their stratospheric fortunes and hedge against unpleasantries that might develop at home.
What appears to be a story of real estate is really a tale of offshore financing and a new class of global elites creating the ultimate gated community. As Britain and other First World countries sink into the mire of austerity, a tsunami of unfettered capitalism is spreading over the Third World and the BRIC countries (Brazil, Russia, India and China). Headlong capitalist growth tends to create instability and a growing trend of authoritarianism. Many of the new elites are living under semi-dictatorial regimes, and they need safe havens in the event of a collapsed government or a dictator who decides to give them the boot. They require real estate as insurance against economic catastrophe.
You might call them the Billionaire Doomsday Preppers. Preparing for an economic or political collapse of the world as we know it is no longer reserved for paranoids living in flyover states who stockpile canned goods. The new 1 percenters are worried about a day of reckoning, too, and theybre scouring the globe for places to stash cash and putting their trust in First World security in the increasingly likely event of Third World meltdown. Big money has got a bug-out plan.
These survivalists are also turning their attention to New York: The daughter of Dmitry Rybolovlev, a Russian potash fertilizer mogul, recently snapped up the penthouse at 15 Central Park West for a jaw-dropping $88 million. Miami is another popular choice, a favorite of Brazilian barons. The New York Times reports that economically distressed First World cities like Milan and Dublin will join the roster of bcore European targetsb for the new plutocrats.
Political and business elites in the U.K. and the U.S. have helped create global economic instability and continue to push for austerity-driven policies that hold down growth at home. But, as always, itbs the population that gets to live with it. The new wave of 1 percenters are driving up the price of real estate in the most desirable neighborhoods, edging out middle-class and upper-middle-class residents. If you see the price of your favorite restaurant meal in Manhattan going up, you can thank the Ukrainian plutocrat next door. Or wherever he is. The rates for high-end services like personal trainers and housekeepers will likely increase. (Escorts, too, probably.) Whatever the freshly-minted rich want more of, everyone else will pay more for.
For the Billionaires Survivalist Club, therebs no place like home, someplace else.
existential mailing list
existential at ieet.org
