
@_date: 1993-08-30 11:23:47
@_author: Jamie Jamison 
@_subject: Privacy issues and how to sell them 
of data encryption. One style would be something similar to DES, it would
be a standard cypher and would be used for encrypting items such as the
files on your hard disk. The other would be a public key cypher and would
be used for communicating between individuals. might help is to point out the fact that not only is the government
untrustworthy, in the sense that they abuse their power, but that they're
also incompetent. Americans have an unfortunate tendency, at least in my
eyes to, buy into catch-phrases such as "law and order" or "national
security" in a completely uncritical fashion. However Americans also
mistrust, and rightfully so, the competence of the government, so perhaps
we should point out that since the government can't keep its own secrets
very well that it obviously can't keep the secrets of 250 million citizens
very well either, which is what the government would be attempting to do
if SkipJack/Clipper/Capstone were made the national standard for encryption.
Jamie Jamison
WITH STANDARD DISCLAIMER

@_date: 1993-08-30 15:43:50
@_author: Jamie Jamison 
@_subject: AV Macs and Apple Paranoia 
Actually I was going to ask in here if the DSP in the new Macs would lend
itself to real-time PGP use for voice communications.
WITH STANDARD DISCLAIMER

@_date: 1993-12-05 20:43:13
@_author: Jamie Jamison 
@_subject: L. Detweiler, S. Boxx, the Executioner, idiots etc. 
possibly syphilitic Detweiler, I would have to say that I wish that some
massive CypherPunk/Medusa criminal conspiracy did exist so that it, the
conspiracy, could wipe this asshole off the face of the earth.
Unfortunately for us it doesn't, or perhaps it does and it regards Mr.
Detweiler as being too stupid and incompetent to bother with.
Detweiler would be to enact what I call mail stoning. The way this works
is that every time Detweiler posts you take his post and mail it back to
him. If enough users do this it will make his account unusable due to the
sheer volume of mail he will be receiving. At this point hopefully he'll
shut up and go find some other group to infest (Hey, I know, he could go
over to talk.politics.homosexuality, which got pretty quiet after Gary
Landers left).
Jamie Jamison
niteowl at u.washington.edu
WITH STANDARD_DISCLAIMER
Since I am both a student and a staff member of the UW, as well as a
Washington taxpayer I suppose that in some vague and nebulous sense I
could be speaking for them. However I doubt that my boss, my profs, or my
elected representatives would agree with this, so let's just say that my
opinions are mine and mine alone, and leave it at that.

@_date: 1993-10-14 08:56:58
@_author: Jamie Jamison 
@_subject: DES 
Two questions about DES. 1) If the current, 56 bit, DES system is so easy to break why don't people
switch over to a DES system that uses a larger key space, say 128 bits?
People obviously aren't, so what's the barrier to this? 2) How much longer would it take to break triple DES versus standard DES
using one of the key-breaking machines described? month when I'm out with my National Guard unit, this is the radio dish
that's on the cover of _The Puzzle Palace_. It's not a very large
Jamie Jamison
niteowl at u.washington.edu
