
@_date: 1993-12-02 14:28:38
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: NSA CAN BREAK PGP ENCRYPTION 
Major-league guffaws.
   >        A lot of people think that PGP encryption is unbreakable and
   >that the NSA/FBI/CIA/MJ12 cannot read their mail. This is wrong, and it
   >can be a deadly mistake. In Idaho, a left-wing activist by the name of
   >Craig Steingold was arrested _one day_ before he and others wee to stage
   >a protest at government buildings; the police had a copy of a message
   >sent by Steingold to another activist, a message which had been
   >encrypted with PGP and sent through E-mail.
Craig Steingold indeed. Looks so much like Craig Shergold, of infamous
dying-boy-wants-Guiness-record fame, that I had to read it twice.
   >        Since version 2.1, PGP ("Pretty Good Privacy") has been rigged
   >to allow the NSA to easily break encoded messages. Early in 1992, the
   >author, Paul Zimmerman, was arrested by Government agents. He was told
   >that he would be set up for trafficking narcotics unless he
   >complied. The Government agency's demands were simple: He was to put a
   >virtually undetectable trapdoor, designed by the NSA, into all future
   >releases of PGP, and to tell no-one.
Paul, not Phil (his actual name).
   >        After reading this, you may think of using an earlier version of
   >PGP. However, any version found on an FTP site or bulletin board has
   >been doctored. Only use copies acquired before 1992, and do NOT use a
   >recent compiler to compile them. Virtually ALL popular compilers have
   >been modified to insert the trapdoor (consisting of a few trivial
   >changes) into any version of PGP prior to 2.1. Members of the boards of
   >Novell, Microsoft, Borland, AT&T and other companies were persuaded into
   >giving the order for the modification (each ot these companies' boards
   >contains at least one Trilateral Commission member or Bilderberg
   >Committee attendant).
Oh, no, not the Trilateral Commission again!
   >        It took the agency more to modify GNU C, but eventually they did
   >it.  The Free Software Foundation was threatened with "an IRS
   >investigation", in other words, with being forced out of business,
   >unless they complied. The result is that all versions of GCC on the FTP
   >sites and all versions above 2.2.3, contain code to modify PGP and
   >insert the trapdoor. Recompiling GCC with itself will not help; the code
   >is inserted by the compiler into itself. Recompiling with another
   >compiler may help, as long as the compiler is older than from 1992.
Right. Every commercial compiler has code that recognizes every version of
GCC source since 2.2.3 and inserts into the generated object code some new
stuff that makes the freshly compiled GCC recognize every version of PGP
released since 1992 and inserts into *its* object code magic breakage that
creates an NSA trapdoor.
I hereby nominate this message for the Cypherpunk's Paul Bunyan award, 1993,
in the category of "Biggest Whopper".
(Oh, yeah. While I'm at it - Detweiller's Medusa theories, in conjunction
with his pseudospoofed distribution techniques, are hereby nominated for the
Goebel's Memorial award for "Best Big Lie" of '93.)
Jason Zions "Wish I really were Eric Hughes or Tim May, or at least that sharp"

@_date: 1993-12-06 09:10:01
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: Enough is enough 
Look, there's one advantage to not banning LD from the list; he generally
posts under his own or his well-known anonymous names, which makes it easier
to filter them. Recently, though, either he or someone else has started
reforwarding his rants through a remailer, which I cannot filter on (unless
I go to content filtering, which I'd prefer to avoid).
If someone other than LD is forwarding his rantograms via remailers, Please
Cease And Desist. If it's Detweiller himself, well, he's obviously not going
to listen to me. (Of course, I haven't been accused of being a tentacle; I
must not be important enough.)

@_date: 1993-12-08 07:05:41
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: ANNOUNCEMENT: DPSWG Crypto-Policy Statement to White House 
> NOTICE: This is the letter from the Digital Privacy and
   > Security Working Group sent to the White House 12/06/93,
   > urging the Administration to lift export controls on
   > DES, RSA and other mass market encryption without
   > requring legislation.      >    Why only "mass market" encryption?
   The company I work for is developing a collection of runtime libraries and     utilities which software developers can use to create and manage portable     object-oriented distributed applications.  Think of it as a     object-oriented DCE-like tool set with a run-time environment and system     administration utilites.
That's still mass market. There is already a mechanism for non-mass-market,
i.e. one-off, export of crypto; apply for an export permit. The idea of this
initiative is to allow products sold in quantities too great to allow
individual export licenses to be sold.
   > For example, generally available software is offered
   > for sale or licensed to the public without restriction
   > and available through standard commercial channels of
   > distribution; sold as is without further
   > customization; and designed to be installed by the
   > purchaser without additional assistance from the
   > publisher.  Computer hardware and computing devices are
   > also defined. You sell your software as-is; the customer does any customization.
   > 	.
   > 15          ``(4) DEFINITIONS.---As used in this
   > 16     subsection---
   >    > 1               ``(B) the term `as is' means, in the case of
   > 2          software (including software with encryption ca-
   > 3          pabilities), a software program that is not de-
   > 4          signed, developed, or tailored by the software
   > 5          company for specific purchasers, except that
   > 6          such purchasers may supply certain installation
   > 7          parameters needed by the software program to
   > 8          function properly with the purchaser's system
   > 9          and may customize the software program by
   > 10          choosing among options contained in the soft-
   > 11          ware program;
A developer's kit still qualifies as "as-is", mass market software. You're
   As I see it, the main distinction between "mass market" software and our     software is that our software is used to create other software, whereas     "mass market" software implies final product "end-user" software.
Not a useful distinction from the standpoint of commerce. "Mass-market"
means the seller does nothing special for individual customers; no
customization, etc. It means the volume is large enough that requiring
action on a per-sale basis (as is required for current crypto export
licensing) is essentially impossible.
   Why only "mass market" software?
Because the non-mass-market stuff already has the mechanism of applying for
individual export licenses; since it's not mass marketed, it's possible to
do special things on a per-customer basis.
   Does the DPSWG want the government to keep export controls in place for     the type of product our company is developing?
It doesn't.
Jason Zions

@_date: 1993-12-28 13:40:28
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: anonymous video rental store - Libraries 
Out of curiousity, has any ftp-archive maintainer tried to join the
   American Library Association, either directly or as part of some
   university's library system?
I'm not sure what this would do. My wife is a professional librarian and a
member of the ALA (and SLA and a few other besides) - as far as I know, the
ALA doesn't directly intervene to protect its members.

@_date: 1993-12-28 14:37:43
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: GPS and security 
I speculated that the
   government may in fact have designed the satellite systems so that
   they could be told to do several things in case of national emergency:
   *	Shut down (probably possible; they may have actually mentioned
   this on the show).  Problem is that lots of friendlies may grow to
   rely on the data for life-critical things, like guiding commercial
   airliners.
It's worse; the military relies on GPS. During the Gulf War large numbers of
combat vehicles could rendezvous with high accuracy and no radio contact in
the dark of night; staggeringly important in limiting fratricide as well
(though not as well as one might have liked...)
   *	Shut down normal transmission and begin strongly encrypted
   transmission.  No mention of this; apparently, the satellites were
   originally designed with some sort of weak system that made the data
   difficult to use for high-accuracy purposes, but that's been defeated
   (by the FAA or someone contracted thereto).
   *	Enter into a bogus-cleartext with encrypted subchannel mode,
   where the plaintext is slyly made to be wrong, but using some
   subchannel encrypted "good stuff" is still available.
Well, this sounds like the "selective availability" (SA) capability, which
still exists and has in fact been turned on. It is defeatable, but only
under certain circumstances (see below).
GPS is a clock-based system; by talking to a constellation of satellites (I
think the minimum is 4, with 5 being desired and 6 being best) and munging
the timestamps received from them, GPS systems can compute their location to
a degree of precision related to the precision of the clocks. SA essentially
truncates a few bits off the low-end of the time stamps and makes them
available in an encrypted form. Without the key to decrypt the low-order
bits, you get location information to within a couple hundred meters or so;
with the low-order bits, within about six feet.
During the Gulf War, the US military was unable to get enough military GPS
receivers (i.e. ones that could decrypt the selectively-available data).
Instead, they bought commercial over-the-counter GPS receivers and turned SA
off. As soon as they got enough SA-enabled receivers, they turned it on.
SA is defeated by something called Differential GPS.  Basically, a ground
station at a fixed location constantly computes its position via GPS,
computes the difference between the GPS location and its known correct
location, and broadcasts the correction factor. A differential-capable GPS
receiver computes its location via GPS and then applies the correction fac-
tor from the nearest differential station. These corrections are obviously
of decreasing accuracy the farther you get from the fixed-position station,
but you can correct for that to some degree once you have an estimate of the
direction and distance from your location to that of the differential
broadcaster; apply corrections iteratively until they converge.
The requirement, of course, is that you be someplace near a differential GPS
station. These stations are maintained by the US Coast Guard and obviously
exist only where there is navigable water (and certainly not everywhere,
since they take time and money to build).
I'm curious if anyone has attempted to crack the encryption used in
selective availability; although Differential GPS solves my most important
issues (coastal navigation) it's be nice to be able to use a handheld GPS
receiver in the middle of Rock Mountain National Park or some such and still
locate yourself on the bloody maps with some precision.

@_date: 1993-06-16 09:18:58
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: YAA (yet another article) 
As an individual, who would he be talking to via Clipper? His victims? Not
bloody likely. High-tech protection doesn't fall under the MO of this kind
of killer.
They find these all the time through other mechanisms.
Legalize drugs and prostitution and the Mafia will dry up and blow away.
Besides, these guys have enough money to have purchased and used private
scrambling gear anyway; the fact that they haven't (leading to their
capture) leads one to believe they wouldn't use Clipper anyway. If the
current leadership is smarter, they'll be smart enough to use non-Clipper
gear anyway, eliminating the advantage Clipper gives to the Justice Dept.
I gotta admit that I kinda like this. I should point out, though, that it
ought to be applied regardless of the wiretapping technology applied; that
is, this mechanism should be used today for all court-authorized wiretaps.

@_date: 1993-06-17 08:41:53
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: YAA (yet another article) 
As do I; I think this is just another part of daily life that the government
has no business being in. As for freedom of choice with respect to privacy
technology, I believe that's a must.

@_date: 1993-06-17 14:13:23
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: fast des 
Run your plaintext through compress first; remove the compress header; then
encrypt. Compression will screw up character frequencies (and use all eight
bits) enough to make automated detection of a successfully-broken encryption
really darn hard. Especially if you keep changing compression technology
each message.

@_date: 1993-06-22 09:55:25
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: comments on your recent post of FOIAed documents. 
I also find it interesting that, while the President directed that the fact
of access to keys by Law Enforcement Officials should not be hidden from the
public, the fact of access to keys by ithe intelligence community (i.e.
FBI/CIA/NSA) was not to be similarly disclosed.
They probably ran the client at the far end of a 9600-baud straw on a bad
archie day.
A government dork.
I find it more damning that the government basically bought-off AT&T by
promising them contracts; whatever happened to competetive bid? I find it
highly unlikely that the contracts in question are for clipper-based phones;
we already know the government doesn't plan to use clipper technology
itself, since it can be suborned by LEO types.
Hi, Bill!
Jason "Jazz" Zions

@_date: 1993-11-03 19:47:34
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: ID of anonymous posters via word analysis? 
This brings up the subject of how one can post without
   leaving an "ASCII fingerprint".  I suspect the use of a spelling
   checker and grammatical checker would help.    Perhaps running
   your text through a language converter, (say English to French)
   then back would remove many identifying characteristics.
Two words:  "jive"; "valspeak".
Okay, two more:  "swedish chef".
Sure, it makes it a little harder to extract semantics from a message, and
it can be hard to keep from giggling at the results, but those lex-based
filters would work much better than some English->French->English translator
program. You'd want to run the results through a reading-level checking
program to make sure you knocked out the 64-dollar words; the size of ones
vocabulary is one of those "identifying characteristics."

@_date: 1993-11-12 15:04:39
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
Okay, now let's look at Tim May's hypothetical case. Tim wants X-rated
   cable. But the first nine cable companies don't want to provide it. And
   the Metzger-Godwin Cable operation, which would provide it, can't get
   financing. There's a market for it, but there's also a barrier to entry.
If there's a market for it, investors will poney up the money; that's just
the way it works, Mike.
   I leave to your imagination what happens in the event that we *do*    start the P-G Cable company, but content providers won't sell other
   programming to us so Tim is forced to choose between only X-rated
   cable--us--and cable services that provide other kinds of programming.
   (Tim may have no problem with this, but lots of other people in our market
   will want to watch CNN as well as X-rated videos.)
Cable, like many other utilities, doesn't restrict you to a single provider.
I can imagine having phone lines from two local loop providers to maximize
redundancy; similar for an information utility, where the information
provided will likely differ from one provider to another. In the cable
business, two companies will not want to compete on price; they'll try to
compete on content instead, each having exclusive material. The ideal
situation from the cable companies' perspective is for customers to *want*
to subscribe to more than one. The infrastructure will grow to allow it.
   Wouldn't it be better to live in a world in which the cable
   infrastructure, like the telephone infrastructure, could be serviced by
   competing providers, and at the individual level? We already have this
   with long-distance--if I want, I can have Sprint, MCI, *and* AT&T accounts
   and use them all from the same phone. Ultimately we'll have it in the
   local loop.
If you have competition in the local loop on shared infrastructure - who
owns that infrastructure, who maintains it, who allocates costs? Probably
some neutral 3rd party, possibly regulated. Square one.
   > > They used the same wires, Perry.
   >    > Nope, they didn't. If necessary, we can dig up references.
   Oh, you're saying that one couldn't make a phone call from one local phone
   company to another?
Exactly correct; you had to know which company provided service to your
party and use their equipment. Much like dialing 1-800 numbers from
overseas; you have to contact the US operator for the company that provides
800 service and ask them to hook you up. Perhaps 800 number portability will
solve that, though; are you suggesting something like the infrastructure
that supports 800-number portability will appear at the local-loop level as
well? Not any time soon; they can barely get the 800 number stuff to work
right, and local loop is three orders of magnitude larger.
Jason Zions

@_date: 1993-11-12 15:19:40
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: The Depravities of Cypherpunks 
It's not chivalry; it's copyright law. The creator of a message owns the
copyright to that intellectual property; the recipient owns the copy of the
message, much like one who buys a recorded album owns the copy of the work.
The message you quoted contained the statement "Do not forward/reproduce
this message" or words to that effect. That is a clear statement by the
copyright holder which limits any redistribution rights that might have
otherwise become yours upon receipt of the message.
Given the nature of the communication (i.e. mention of potential email
bombing), I believe you'd be within your rights to share the threatening
content of the message with upstream mail host admins who might play a role
in preventing such an occurance; but no further.
It's also common courtesy. You can have significant disagreements with a
person, yet still honor their simple requests.

@_date: 1993-11-12 15:39:41
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: (fwd) Netcom adds access in Denver area 
Gee, it'd sure be nice if they showed up in Austin. Hint, hint.

@_date: 1993-11-22 17:42:42
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: Tech: Truth about Canon Copiers (fwd) 
This is interesting.  Since most of the change-making machines in    laundromats seem to use the side with the dead white guy, I wonder if it
   would work to use this copy?
   ----Dave REes (rees at cs.bu.edu)
Nah, the changers just say "this side up" - the scanner may be looking at
the underside of the bill, or at both sides (more probable).

@_date: 1993-11-30 18:57:51
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: Statistics of Low-Order Bits in Images 
>Sounds like the simple solution is for people everywhere to replace
   >the low order bits of all of their pictures with good random noise. You're kidding, right? Image processing software, and music processing
equipment, are designed to get the maximum performance out of the storage
medium. I find it pretty unlikely that any developer of image processing
tools is going to deliberately drop one bit of precision off each n-bit
unit; sheesh, image files are big enough without software deliberately
wasting bits.
As for introducing noise into the low-order bit of music CDs, definitely
not; the trend is towards equipment that can extract the last dribble of
information from well-recorded sources, and towards recording equipment that
can meaningfully record every bit of every word. Why do you think there are
64x-oversampling players and the like?
Eric's right; you'll have to build your own tools to make things noisy, as
the trend elsewhere is to make things unnoisy.
On the other hand, have you looked at the new mini-disc technology? That
stuff already introduces audio compression, and the bits on a minidisc
should be pretty high in entropy; of course, twiddling bits in a compressed
audio recording may have dramatic effects on sound...

@_date: 1993-09-01 08:19:54
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: NY TAXES CYBERSPACE, CRAM REACTS 
Y'know, a two-paragraph summary in calm tones, followed by the text of the
tax notice, would have been more effecitve; breathless hyperbole turns some
people off.
In any event, I see no reference to retroactivity. At worst, if someone paid
an annual fee, tax is owed only on the prorated portion of services to be
rendered after September 1. That is, if someone paid $30 on January 1 for
one year's service, tax is owed only on the "unused" $10 covering Sept 1
through December 31. This is relatively clear from the wording regarding
"service to be rendered after...".
Yes, it's monumentally stupid. You think you got it bad? I can't believe the
brokerage houses on Wall Street let this one go; NYSE ticker feeds are
covered by this, as are all generic reuseable information feeds, which means
transmission of credit reports and the like. This is gonna jack up most
things related to the US finance industry, especially NYSE and large
I left New York State years ago; seems the state's IQ really *did* get
stupider after I left. :-)

@_date: 1993-09-01 08:24:22
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: Encryption policies of Fidnet, etc. 
JTD> It is illegal to encrypt messages period.
 JTD> E-mail encryption is illegal
Jeez, talk about misinformation.
If it were copyright, then a US copyright is indeed restrictive world-wide;
that's the point of the Berne Convention.
However, it's not copyright; it's pretty tought to copyright an algorithm,
all one can do is copyright the exact expression of one implementation of
that algorithm. What's involved here is a patent, which is (as you note) not
binding outside the US.
Finally, is it certain that PGP indeed infringes on a valid patent?
Ah. This explains much.

@_date: 1993-09-01 08:49:22
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: (fwd'd) more Clipper inside? 
Warning: rampant paranoia inside.
Not bloody likely, for several dozen reasons.
Most importantly, POSIX does not, indeed cannot, specify implementation. All
it does is specify interfaces. That is, POSIX could define a standard API
which accepts a clear-text message and some form of secure identification
for a user and produces an authentication string which can be used by a
recipient of that message to verify that it was sent by that user. The
standard cannot state "You must use MD5" or "You must use Clipper".
POSIX also produces "Profiles", which are standards that point at other
standards. A profile might say "When the message-auth function is provided,
it shall use MD5 as its mechanism." Another profile might say "When the
message-auth function is provided, it shall use PGP."
A customer would tell a vendor "I want to buy a system that conforms to the
profile that says use Clipper for authentication." Other customers would
tell that same vendor "I want to buy a system that conforms to the profile
that says use PGP for authentication."
The base POSIX standard is neutral on the issue. Competing profiles take
stands on the issue. Customers buy systems that conform to profiles that
match their own stand on the issue.
The only way Clipper will appear in all POSIX-conforming systems is if one
of the following events occur:
  1) Only one profile is ever written, one that specified Clipper for
  message authentication and encryption.
  2) Customers tell their vendors they want the Clipper profile and don't
  tell their vendors they want any other profile.
Event (1) is pretty bloody unlikely. POSIX standards groups have substantial
international involvement; there are enough people from enough countries
where Clipper is recognized as stupid that other profiles will appear.
Besides, given a profile that requires Clipper, I can generate a profile
that requires PGP in about a day's work that will fly through ballot.
Event (2) is the one you have to watch out for. Here, though, it's a case of
the sheep going meekly to slaughter, which is what cypherpunks aim to stop
Upshot: POSIX is a weak tool in the hands of the Clipper camp; don't sweat
]                    Cryptographic Services
]One proposal has been received, form NIST, which outlines interfaces for
]several areas of cryptographic services: user cryptographic database
]management, secret key cryptography services,  and public key cryptography
]services.  The secret key services include encryption and data integrity,
]as well as key management. The public key services include encryption
]and digital signatures, as well as key management. The proposal will
]be included in the POSIX mailing and will be discussed at the October meeting.
]Another proposal may be submitted by the October meeting and will also
]be discussed.  Any additional proposals for crytpographic services will
]also be entertained.
Looks like APIs to me. I suspect there will be substantial opposition to
*all* cryptographic API standards from vendors, simply because they know
that the f-ing US Government, in the person of the Commerce Department, will
then tell them they cannot export those APIs and the mechanisms under them.
There's no point in standardizing something when you can't sell it to more
than half of your customers.
All you have to do is figure out how to use a more positive cryptographic
engine (like PGP) with each of the APIs that get defined; we push a profile,
and we're done.
Jason Zions
Chair, IEEE P1003.8 POSIX Transparent File Access
Note: I am speaking solely for myself. This is not an official statement of
IEEE or any entity thereof.

@_date: 1993-09-03 08:17:02
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: NY tax on info services (whatever that means) 
If you read the text of the tax change, you'll find that it subjects no new
services to taxation, it merely changes the tax rate they pay. This
particular law does not increase the burden on any businesses other than how
much tax they must collect; they already had to collect some, now they have
to collect more. The specific tasks they had to perform stay the same, just
some numbers get larger.
You'd have to find and attack the original tax code changes that imposed
taxes of any sort on comm-based info services. Good luck; probably NY just
imposed a tax on all commerce where at least one party had nexus in NY,
which swallowed up comm-based info services along with everyone else.

@_date: 1993-09-24 08:37:37
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: P. Wayner on CSSPAB meeting 
Mr. "Hyperbole-R-Us" Detweiller said:
It's a shame you understand so little of this.
The "Federal Criteria" they're discussing are the Trusted Computer Security
Evaluation Criteria, or TCSEC. This is also called the "Orange Book", since
it was published in an orange cover. It's a purely-US DOD document that
defines various levels of computer security - you remember, C2, B1, B3, all
that stuff. It talks about Mandatory Access Controls, Discretionary Access
Controls, Auditing, Authentication, etc.
Cryptography as such is not addressed by the TCSEC. I believe the TCSEC
discusses cryptographic authentication techniques in an abstract manner, but
not even to the degree of naming any.
The UK and other European countries have their equivalent to the TCSEC. The
security levels have different names, and the included features differ
slightly. The EC recognized that this difference in nomenclature and
definitions would act as a barrier to free trade, so they began a program
to harmonize these definitions. The "Common Criteria" would take this EC
stuff beyond Europe into the US, allowing vendors of secure systems to get
them rated once and sell them in a bunch of countries instead of building
country-specific secure systems as they are required to do today.
Another aspect of the Common Criteria is that they are expected to be a
little more commercial in focus. The TCSEC and its counterparts were
generally developed by the Defense organizations within their respective
countries of origin; the focus of control and security reflects the needs of
the developing organizations. Commercial users have been complaining for
years that the TCSEC et al don't meet their needs in a useful and flexible
manner; one desired goal for the Common Criteria is to meet this need.
Cryptography is almost completely unrelated to the actual criteria
themselves. Cryptography is one possible implementation mechanism for
several of the capabilities required by the TCSEC and its successors; it is
not the only such mechanism. The TCSEC does not prescribe or proscribe
implementation technology.
The TCSEC and Common Criteria are really being developed by various Defense
agencies; in the US, NIST is also involved, as I suppose DIN, BSI, AFNOR,
etc. are. NSA is uninterested in making systems secure; their job is to
break them anyway. Since the TCSEC doesn't specify mechanism, it's at too
abstract a level for NSA to tamper with.
There are no boogie men from the Spy House involved here, at least in the
US. You can sleep well again.
Jason Zions

@_date: 1994-08-12 11:15:46
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: Problem in draft FIPS `CRYPTOGRAPHIC SERVICE CALLS' 
2.  NIST have proposed the draft FIPS to a number of standards I can personally guarantee that NIST has *not* proposed their draft FIPS to
POSIX. I've attended every POSIX meeting since mid-'88; I chair the PASC
management subcommittee which sees every proposal for new work.
What probably *did* happen was that the POSIX working group developing a
security framework received a copy of the draft FIPS to use in their work.
This committee isn't producing APIs of any sort, nor is it producing a
standard; their document is classed as a Guide, not a Standard.
I can also state that PASC (the sponsoring body for POSIX) has created a
Study Group on encryption APIs; the announcement is attached below. I am
also the official contact for the study group.
Jason Zions
Chair, IEEE 1003.8 POSIX Transparent File Access
Convenor, PASC Encryption Services API Study Group
IEEE PASC Study group on encryption interfaces and system services
        The PASC (Portable Applications Standards Committee) group
        will be hosting a study group on API's for Encryption services
        as an extension to the POSIX standards.  The meetings on this
        will be held at the Sea-Tac Red Lion Inn, Seattle, WA, Oct.
        17th and 18th in conjunction with the quarterly PASC meetings.
        There is a meeting fee of $100/day or $350 for the week that
        includes lunches.  The contact for this work is Jason Zions
        who can be reached at: jazz at hal.com.  A general meeting
        announcement is available on request from NAPS International
        who can be reached at ++(612) 888-0074 or tc at bungia.mn.org
        The study group will investigate the feasibility of developing
        IEEE and ISO standards for both command line and application
        program interfaces to encryption services.  Encryption services
        are expected to include basic encryption, public/private key
        encryption, digital signatures and digital cash.  The PASC study
        group would like to invite broad participation from interested
        parties consisting of private individuals, industry, government,
        users and producers.
(Phone calls only for verifying PGP key: 512-834-9962 x5316)

@_date: 1994-02-01 07:35:28
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: Archiving mail-lists... 
I would be interested in a discussion on the mail-list on this
   issue. Please refrain from sending personal mail. In particular do you
   think such a archive without every members permission is un-ethical?
Unethical, hell; illegal is closer to it. I retain the copyright to
everything I post; although implicit permission to redistribute to the
mailing list is granted when I send to cypherpunks at toad.com, I have granted
no permission to anyone else to use my intellectual property (i.e. my posts,
valuable or not) for any other purpose.
   Would a archivist necessarily need the permission of the mail-list
   sponser?
In an actively-moderated group (i.e. where the moderator chooses which
messages to forward, constructs digests, etc.) the moderator possesses a
copyright on the collection of material (but not on the material itself); if
you were republishing a substantial part of the collection (in your case,
all of it) you'd need rights to the collection copyright also.
Study copyright law (including the Berne Convention, to which most nations
having Usenet sites are signatories). Understand what you're getting
yourself into.

@_date: 1994-02-01 08:05:27
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: archiving on inet 
So if I sell (at a profit) a netnews feed to subscribers via modem, it
   is not copyright infringement, but if I sell the same data on a CDROM,
   you cliam copyright infringement.
Yep. When you're providing a netnews feed, you're acting as a node in a
store-and-forward network. A CD-ROM is not a part of a store-and-forward
network; it is a permanently fixed repository of information. You can't hold
up a netnews feed in a courtroom and point at it saying "there it is"; you
*can* do so with a CD-ROM.
   So I suppose you want to give some
   kind of list of what types of media are acceptable for transmitting
   netnews feeds, and which are not?
A CD-ROM isn't a medium for transmitting netnews feeds; it's a permanently
fixed copy of the contents of such a feed. Static versus dynamic; permanent,
ephemeral. Is this hard to understand?
   The plain and simple fact is: When you post a message to usenet, you do
   so with the expectation that others will receive it.  You can have no
   way of knowing or limiting who may get it; that is given by the nature
   of the network.  Usenet news is, and is intended to be, publicly
   accessable information.  If there is something you don't want
   distributed, then DON'T POST IT!
Learn a little about law; while you're at it, learn a little about usenet.
When you post a message to usenet, you have tossed it into a flood-routed
store-and-forward network. You implicitly give permission for copying
appropriate to the propagation of messages in that network. You neither
grant permission nor withhold permission for Fair Use. Everything else,
though, is not granted unless explicitly granted.
If I post a message, under the terms of the Berne Convention and current US
copyright law, a recipient was not granted the right to print a copy and
publish it in a book. What makes you think I granted them permission to
publish a copy in a CD-ROM? The only permission I granted was that they
could (a) read it and (b) forward it via usenet protocols.

@_date: 1994-02-01 09:05:34
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: Archiving mail-lists... 
Alan -
  - Not at all clear that Berne applies to electronic mail, even of a
    personal nature
Copyright exists from the moment the work is set down in concrete form. Are
you arguing that email is not concrete?
   - Not at all clear that postings to a publicly-read list like this
     are not equivalent to speech in a public place (ie not necessarily
     copyrighted)
Ah. The old "if the NFL has to remind us that its broadcast of the superbowl
is copyrighted, so do you" argument.
Okay, let's try this on for size.
Copyright 1994 Jason Zions. Permission to copy and transmit for the purpose
of propagation of the Cypherpunks mailing list in email or local-newsgroup
(usenet) forms is granted; all other rights are reserved.
   - Not at all clear what the status of private communications is vis
     a vis publication.
But this isn't private communication.
   You can't just wave your hand and say the magic word "Berne" and thereby
   prevent someone from archiving, reposting etc your messages to this list.
Law is a complex thing, isn't it. I'd better go back and reread the code and
current decisions. I'm spending more of my time tracking the CompuServe MIDI
copyright actions, though.

@_date: 1994-02-01 09:45:28
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: Archiving mail-lists... 
Not the point; "concrete" does not mean immutable. If it did, then things
written in pencil, or eraseable ink, or created in mutable media (videotape,
audio tape, ...) would not be copyrightable either.

@_date: 1994-02-01 09:55:27
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: archiving on inet 
It's not the forwarding or the archiving that makes anything covered by
copyright law; it is the setting down, in concrete form, the expression of
an idea.
Not successfully in court, I should think. How is a posting any different
than the production of a radio program which is distributed by
store-and-forward satellite distribution and then played through the radio
station and received at your home radio? The mechanisms are close to
identical in their attributes; tapes at the stations have some lifetime,
timeshifting can occur, special equipment is needed to perceive the work,
If you were a ligitimate recipient of the work in the first place (i.e. got
it in a newsfeed) and you store those postings for your own use or for the
use of others on that node in the store-and-forward network, then you can
keep the work 'til the bits rot. Infringement occurs when you copy those
bits onto some medium for some purpose other than store-and-forward
propagation or the allowed fair-use exceptions; stuffing articles on a
CD-ROM and selling them falls into neither category and hence is an

@_date: 1994-02-01 10:10:36
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: Archiving mail-lists... 
Sigh. One more time.
The courts have recognized that permission to make copies which are
essential for the perception of the work is implicitly granted by the
copyright owner when the work is distributed. In order to perceive your
copyrighted works my system *must* make a copy or three to get it to me (as
would intervening systems if we both lived on uucp links instead of
internet). This is relatively old ground that was plowed by computer cases;
the exact issue of having to load a copy of a program into ram in order to
execute it has indeed been the subject of litigation.
The quote from your message I include above falls under the Fair Use
exceptions, under both Scholarship and Criticism.
But this is *precisely* what the current law says. From the moment the work
exists in concrete form, and a posting *is* concrete form, copyright exists.
Usenet and Internet are merely distribution mechanisms, the use of which may
cause the copyright holder to implicitly grant certain rights (as described
Yep. Backups are separate from implicit rights granted due to the medium of
expression; I'm not sure what this has to do with anything, except that
there is a recognized right for you to make a backup of your usenet news
archives. But you can't distribute that backup.
You can't perceive the work without loading it into some device that can
turn electrical signals into something perceivable by a human; ram on a
computer is as good as anything else. As I stated above, this has been
covered by case law; it's a copy necessary to the perception of the work.
(The identical case arises with CDs - the bits are copied into a buffer in
your CD-player before they're fed through the D/A converters. This copy is
necessary to perceiving the work and hence permission is implicitly

@_date: 1994-02-01 12:25:27
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: archiving on inet 
It's the difference between listening to the radio yourself and buying a
home-made tape of the radio program from someone else. The first is legal;
the second is, generally, not.
Better yet, it's the difference between watching a program on HBO when you
are getting that service legally (i.e. paying for it) and buying a tape of
the same program from a friend who has HBO. Whether or not you also have
legal access to HBO, the sale of the tape infringes on the copyright of the

@_date: 1994-02-01 12:35:41
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: archiving on inet 
This is an interesting point of discussion. The question becomes one of
determining what the protected work is. Given that it is a call-in show, the
entire show would be a protected work and its copyright would belong to the
show's creator. I do not know if you retain copyright in the small part of
the work which represents your own intellectual property (i.e. what you
say), but I suspect it could be argued that you gave your permission to
broadcast your work when you called in to begin with. It gets murkier to me
with respect to compensation from the sale of transcripts or recordings.
Mike, is there case law here?
We differ on the use of the word "honestly". In practice, enforcement is
well-nigh impossible; nonetheless, according to the letter of the law, my
words are my property to do with as I see fit. If I state that they may not
be recorded on optical media, the law requires you to honor that.
Copyright 1994 Jason Zions. Copying for the purpose of propagation of the
Cypherpunks mailing list in email or usenet news form is permitted, except
no copy shall be made in permanent optical storage media without the express
permission of the author. All other rights reserved.

@_date: 1994-02-01 13:25:45
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: archiving on inet 
Even if you made play-once-and-then-self-destruct tapes like on Mission
Impossible, selling them would still be illegal. You've made an unauthorized
copy, plain and simple.
Yes, you, a recipient, can archive them forever. You *cannot* distribute
that archive in any form whatsoever.
I'm struggling with drawing an appropriate distinction between CD-ROM as
newsfeed medium and CD-ROM as archive medium. If a newsfeed provider sent
you a quarterly newsfeed on CD-ROM which you then fed into your normal news
system as if it were a live feed, after which you broke the CD-ROM; that
looks like a high-bandwidth-delay-product newsfeed. If a provider sent you a
quarterly newsfeed in Cnews directory form which you then mounted onto your
news system, I'd buy that as a newsfeed. If the provider sent to a newsfeed
in Cnews form which you mounted someplace other than as a part of the news
system - now an archive has been created and sold. But if you mounted it as
part of Cnews and then copied it via news onto your own CD-ROM drive, then
it seems like it'd be a personal archive.
No one said this was gonna be easy. It seems like I'm swallowing camels and
straining out flies, but these flies are camel-sized.
Copyright 1994 Jason Zions. Copying or retransmission for the purpose of
propagation of the Cypherpunks mailing list in email or newsfeed form is
permitted, except that no copy may be made on any permanent digital optical
storage medium.

@_date: 1994-02-01 16:40:53
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: The Death of Statutory Compensation for Intellectual Property (was pissing contest) 
I was wondering when it was going to come around to this.
Surprise. Within ten years, the entire concept of intellectual property will
be radically altered, if not completely gone. The whole thing will become so
completely unenforceable that something will give; I'm not sure what, but
At the Austin Crypto Conference, John Perry Barlow was asked what he thought
would happen to copyright. As I recall, he said something along the lines of
this: that compensation for intellectual property would cease to be a thing
of law and become a thing of interpersonal relationships. That people would
pay the producers of stuff they liked as an incentive for them to produce
more. That the ability of the Internet and its services to make
widely-separated people into a community, with all the emotions and duties
humans tend to experience in communities, would ensure a kind of darwinism
amongst the "stuff" out there; the stuff people liked would get supported
out of that sense of community, and the stuff people didn't like would not.
Would you pay $895 for a CD-ROM version of the Oxford Unabridged Dictionary?
If you could get it for almost nothing on the net, would you be willing to
send a check for $10 to the Oxford folks who made it possible?
Shareware is the future of just about all intellectual property. Once a
movie is released on video, it will be cloned and copied to rapidly that
they'll sell, what, a few hundred? Everyone else will trade perfect copies
around. There are only a few ways the studios could get huge bucks:
1) Shareware. Ask each owner of a copy to send a few bucks. Personally, I'd
rather send it to the director and actors and crew than to the back-office
overhead, but what the hell.
2) Stick with theatrical release. It'll get swiped from there too; film is
so expensive that the first users of really high-quality digital video will
be the studios, at which point it's just a question of dubbing the digital
bits (no film involved anymore).
3) Charge out the wazoo for the video tapes. Doesn't matter; the
Blockbuster's of the world will pay for one copy, which will be rented and
4) Serializing digital copies to track down the "leaker". All you need is
two copies from different sources to find steganographically-hidden bits or
to produce a combination of the two that has a unique fingerprint that
doesn't match anything already shipping.
Within ten years it's all over.
Until then, until societal changes occur to help creative people get paid
the money they deserve for the fruits of their labors, try and stay honest
with the law as it is, eh? It's not that expensive to do it by the book
(send your check to the copyright clearance center for printed matter, for
example) and it's the primary feedback mechanism you have to the creators of
the works you like.
Copyright 1994 Jason Zions. You can copy this to propagate cypherpunks
mailing list as email or local newsgroups; no permanent digital optical
copies allowed (except for backup purposes, which I can't restrict anyway;
see relevant case law).

@_date: 1994-03-18 10:40:55
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: spyproofing your house/work building 
> Drapes so the lip readers can't see you.
   Make sure the drapes block IR.  There are instances of even local
   police forces flooding the front of a house with IR light, and
   viewing the activities inside with IR viewers -- all of this
   through closed drapes.
Or you could just put a nice incandescent light fixture between you and the
drapes; nice IR output from those bulbs. Halogen fixtures ought to work
also, but fluorescent bulbs don't produce enough IR.
More importantly: attach a contact-speaker to each pane of glass, and feed
Top 40 radio to it. There have been reported cases of spy types bouncing
laser beams off windows and using the reflected beams to reproduce the
vibrations produced in the glass by reflected sound; in other words, the
window panes are large membranes which vibrate in sync with the sound that
hits them, so you want to override those vibrations with something else.
This reeks of paranoia, eh?

@_date: 1994-03-21 07:41:57
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: Two more anon.penet.fi bounces 
Return-Path: daemon at anon.penet.fi
Return-Path: Received: from hal.com (hal-backbone) by latte.hal.com (4.1/SMI-4.1.2)
Received: from anon.penet.fi by hal.com (4.1/SMI-4.1.1)
Received: by anon.penet.fi (5.67/1.35)
Message-Id: <9403190214.AA00125 at anon.penet.fi>
You, jazz at hal.com, have requested mail forwarding to
na69591. This was rejected, as the user is unknown.
Either the id has never been allocated, or the id has been removed at the
request of the user.
------- End of Forwarded Messages

@_date: 1994-05-24 08:46:14
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: Response to Uni's "Lawsuit" Message 
Quoting from Curtis Frye's response:
   What exactly is Netcom's liability in this case?  If a service provider is
   treated as a phone company, abuse of the service could be grounds for
   discontinuing the service.  As Netcom did not discontinue tmp's service
   (see below), perhaps there is room for suit there.
By your phrase "treated as a phone company", are you implying Common Carrier
status? If so, I wonder under what grounds a common carrier is allowed to
terminate service? Certainly, non-payment of bills is one. If person A
alleges person B has made threatening phone calls, can the phone company
terminate person B's service unilaterally based solely on the allegations?
Must it wait until civil suits or criminal charges are brought? My
understanding of common carriage was that the carrier was obligated to
provide service to everyone within its service area, whether or not it liked
their politics, or bedmates, or the content of their communications.
   What protection should Netcom, and other access providers, have against the
   abuses of their subscribers?  Damn if I know, but it's an important
   question to stay awake at night worrying about...
What was in the contract signed by the subscribers? You can bet that if I
ever start an on-line service, there will be an "indemnify and hold
harmless" clause, and provisions for demanding proof of umbrella liability
coverage; lack of coverage upon demand would be grounds for termination. In
other words, if tmp at netcom were a subscriber to my service, and someone
alleged wrongdoing to this degree, my action would be to demand of tmp proof
of umbrella liability coverage of $1,000,000; without such proof, account
revoked. The only way to put teeth in an indemnify-and-hold-harmless clause
for an individual, I guess.
   Very much in line with your earlier thoughts on the potential (non-)
   application of traditional libel/slander law to the Net -- would the Courts
   allow cyberspace to be that much more rough-and-tumble, with higher
   standards of abuse required for successful suits?
They'll have to, with the current state of the art with respect to
authentication and non-repudiation. A plaintiff will have to work pretty
hard to prove a particular human generated a piece of email, given the ease
of spoofing, remailers, anonymity and pseudonymity.
I also thank Uni for posting.
Jason Zions

@_date: 1994-09-13 12:39:06
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: Distribution of FAQ to CompuServe, American Online, etc. 
I considered suggesting that I strip Tim's email address out of the text;
then I realized there are probably dozens of copies of it scattered through
the document. Even if the Cyphermonicon were written by Sy Ferpunq and not
by Tim, there are enough email addresses in the body of the document that
this wouldn't save him from email.
Completely sanitizing the document with respect to contact info (i.e. using
names/nyms only and no addresses) would be something of a project. And it
still wouldn't help.
The only counterpoint I could make is that CompuServe users are unlikely to
join cpunks (too much mail == too much money) and the service is illequipped
to help a member find an internet mail address for a person given just a
real name. Sanitization might be enough in that environment.

@_date: 1994-09-16 12:17:57
@_author: Jason Zions 
@_subject: if this is RC4 
Decompilation would not preserve stylistic things like indentation and brace
usage. With optimized compilers, it's getting pretty hard for a decompiler
to actually figure out the original input source statement. The result of a
decompile, when again compiled, may indeed produce the same object; but the
original and decompiled source code may look radically different.
The RC4 source code contains at least one example of a coding idiom that
would almost certainly decompile differently. In a couple instances, the
posted alleged-RC4 source takes modulo-256 of a particular value. A compiler
would in almost all cases emit code which did a simple logical-AND with
0xff; when decompiled, the C code would reflect that logical-AND rather than
a mod-256 operation.
It looked like real source to me, rather than decompiled.
