
@_date: 1995-10-06 09:05:53
@_author: jbaber at mi.leeds.ac.uk 
@_subject: subjective names and MITM 
This discussion can be divided into two separate situations. The first of
which is exemplified perfectly by Hal:
Here the wish is to communicate with a 'real' person. A person that actually
exists and has an in-built reputation that is separate from his key. This is
very much a real life situation and is very similar to the first time that you
meet someone - it is very hard to know that someone is who they say that they
are, few people ask for ID and even ID is possible to fake (an old key that is
actually owned by a MITM). In this case the person is known (of) and not the
key - therefore it makes sense to attempt to ensure that the link between the
key and the person is a strong (trustworthy) as possible.
However this is not the case in the second situation:
I could say that know that I enjoy reading mail from some people on the list,
that I agree with some people on the list or that some people on the list hold
very strong opinions on certain subjects. However this would not be correct as
I have not met anyone else on the list in person (we do not all live in the US).
It would be more correct to say that I enjoy reading mail from some addresses
on the list (etc.) - I have no real idea whether hfinney at shell.portal.com is Hal
or actually Tim expressing different views. If I mail Hal therefore I am
actually mailing the entity that sends mail to the list from that address and
I would do so being pretty sure that I was communicating with the person who
mails here - but I would have no idea whether he is actually male, female, blond,
brunette etc apart from what I chose to believe from others. Now mail is far easier to fake/intercept than a digital signature/encryption - at
least I hope so. Therefore if Hal where to sign all of his messages I could check
the signatures with a public key obtained from anywhere at all and if they passed
then I could be confident that the messages were all written by the entity with
control of the secret part of the key - at least far more confident than I am at
all of the mail from hfinney at shell.portal.com actually comes from there. So instead
of me getting the idea that hfinney at shell.portal.com posts interesting messages
I get the idea that the holder of the secret key posts interesting messages - I
would probably still use the mail address as keys are less convenient with current
mail readers but that is an implementation problem. Hals reputation is therefore
transfered to they key - no matter where I got the key from. So if I send encrypted
mail to the person with the private part of Hal's key I can be sure that it can
only be read by the person who actually sent the messages pertaining to be from Hal.
So the MITM problem is 'defined away' in the case where a reputation grows with a
key but is still a major problem where you want to transfer a ready made reputation
to a key (as in the first example). In effect the key becomes a pseudonym and you
can be sure of communicating with the pseudonym safely but can not be sure of
anything about the pseudonum that you have not experienced yourself without trusting
someone else (VeriSign in the first example). Thus the problem is more reputation
transfer than anything else.
Jon C. Baber
jbaber at mi.leeds.ac.uk

@_date: 1995-10-10 06:13:39
@_author: jbaber at mi.leeds.ac.uk 
@_subject: Certificate proposal 
It defines away the question of whether a key is real or fake because
the key itself can not be fake. Assuming strong encryption anything that
you send to the key can only be read by the key and anyone that he/she
choses to pass it on to (something that can not be stopped).
The only thing that can be fake about the key is the attributes
associated with it - whether the attributes concerned are true names
or the ability to use a bank account. Having a man in the middle when
no attributes are concerned is simply the same as talking to someone
who passes all of your messages on to a friend and then expresses
the friends opinion rather than his/her own back to you... something
that I can think of no possible way to stop. So although you are
talking talking to A the opinions expressed are those of B, and there
is no way of telling - in the same way as a man in the middle attack
(B may not even know that his/her arguments are being used by A
against you).
This argument reduces the problem to 'how do you validate key
attributes' as you can be sure that you are communicating securely
with the key (key's owner) but nothing else. With PGP currently the
only attribute that a key (X) may have is a name (true/pseudo) and
this attribute can be signed as valid by another key (Z). If you
accept the signature all you are doing is saying that you accept
the signing key's certification - ie an attribute signed by this
key (Z) is true. Eventually you have to just trust a key to have
taken reasonable care to ensure that any attribute that it has
signed is true - whether you are using a Web of Trust model or a
more centralised model such as accepting VeriSign certificates (or
your own - knowing exactly how much care you have taken to ensure
that the attribute that you have certified (signed) is true).
I believe that this is more removing a special case (treating the
true name differently from any other attribute) than defining away
the problem - even though the (MITM) problem does cease to exist.
jbaber at mi.leeds.ac.uk

@_date: 1995-10-19 06:10:34
@_author: jbaber at mi.leeds.ac.uk 
@_subject: crypto export from the UK 
I believe that the laws regarding the export of crypto from the UK are
very similar to the ITAR regs in the US. However our Government seems
to take the view that putting crypto software on the net is not
exporting it, the exporting is done whenever anyone from an export
restricted country downloads the software and is done by them rather
than by the person who made the software available.
Strong crypto is therefore openly available from a number of places in
this country, particually sable.ox.ac.uk at the university of Oxford.
Of course IANAL and the government may change it's mind about the
interpretation of these things but I would expect that your
acquaintance would be perfectly safe distributing his software via
sable (the ftp site (and its predicessor) have been distributing
crypto software for a number of years and I have not heard of any
Jon C. Baber
jbaber at mi.leeds.ac.uk

@_date: 1995-10-24 04:04:50
@_author: jbaber at mi.leeds.ac.uk 
@_subject: crypto export from the UK 
I think that it was the COCOM restrictions that I was thinking about. The
blacklist was fairly large (including the USSR) and I believe that it did apply
to software (although I do not know about free software).
Now this I did not know. Do you know when it expired and why it was not renued?
We must still have some export restrictions for Munitions does this no-longer cover crypo?
I can not remember where I heard this though. I don't suppose you know whether
this was an official policy statement or just a comment like 'well it may technically be illegal but we would hold the downloader liable rather than the
I do not know of any crypto sites in this country with access restrictions but
I would still probably make any software available via the WWW or an FTP site
(or maybe post it to USENET via a host in this country) rather than actively
mail it abroad... but then again I am paranoid (at least it does not involve
shipping larges pipes out of the country).
jbaber at mi.leeds.ac.uk

@_date: 1996-12-10 01:39:20
@_author: jbaber at mi.leeds.ac.uk 
@_subject: PICS is not censorship 
I disagree, mandating labeling is a completely separate thing from deliberately
mislabeling. No one could force me into entering into a contract with them,
but if I chose to then it would, and very probably should, be enforceable.
What if the PICS classifications were worded so as to describe the factual
content of a page rather than the writers opinion of its suitability? This,
if correctly implemented, could remove the problem of interpretation.
Factual classifications should completely remove the problems of innocent mislabeling and philosophical disagreement (if you disagree don't label but
if you use our labels follow our rules). I would never claim to be a lawyer but from my naive point of view I would say that putting false labels on a
page would be misrepresenting it and could possibly constitute fraud?
Take for example a page labeled with the  factual tag, that charged
for access. Surely a user could, at the very least claim that false advertising got him to (pay to) view the page if he was searching for Topless
Unfortunately this may be the case, however I would suspect that this may go
the other way with people thinking that if they can be sued for mislabeling
their pages they just will not label them at all.
Jon Baber
jbaber at mi.leeds.ac.uk

@_date: 1996-12-10 06:15:37
@_author: jbaber at mi.leeds.ac.uk 
@_subject: PICS is not censorship 
This point is something that we can agree on completely. But the question is should be approach it from a 'compromising' point of view encouraging completely volentary contracts or wait for the government to attempt to mandate a system. Although ideal we should fight against any form of
censorship  I think that the public are generally ignorant enough to say 'well it works with films so why not with web pages' when faced with the four horsemen.
Again I was thinking more along the lines of having the PICS system similar
to british standards where claiming to have something that you do not is illegal. However I think that your idea, although put forward facetiously,
is actually ideal. People currently pay for web-blockers so why should they
not buy web browsers that allow restricting (for their own children of course) which web sites etc they can reach from digitally signed ratings
on pages. Initially browser sales could pay for web ratings (much as they
currently pay for researching which sites should and should not be allowed
into things like surfwatch), once the browsers themselves become widespread,
and view per page (or even site) automatic charging comes into use then such an organisation could even charge to review your web pages - if you do
not like their evaluation then just do not use them.
I was starting from the point that there were a number of officially (by the PICS organisation) recognised PICS labels each of which had specific definations in a similar manner to existing HTML tage.. Nothing would stop anyone from making up their own new tags but browsers could only assume that the official ones would be strictly defined.
This is a bad thing? (;->)
Not having a detailed knowledge of the American right to free speach I can
only go on my opinions, but lieing with the intent to defraud would almost
certainly be illegal over here. The solution for this of course goes right back to reputations and digital signatures.
But these would not be 'Officially Recognised tags' so would essentially mean
nothing. How to inforce the Official Recognition is another matter and I believe that your sugestion of digital signatures would fit the bill (although it does introduce the problem of another person rating your work -
you must either accept their 'Official' rating or do without (or find another
company that rates your work in the way that you wish)).
A market solution with a number of different labeling organisations, and
labels validated by digital signatures would be idea.... if you want what
your child sees to be decided by ratings assigned by the "good mothers of
america' or the 'porn hunters of the UK' then it is up to you.
I agree, the censors will at an absolute minimum want everything labeled in
such a way that they can get rid of anything that they deam 'inappropriate'.
This means a centralised authority and everyone getting all of their pages
labeled. Thankfully, given the size, complexity and multi-jurisdictional
nature of the web (and internet in general) this is simply not practical,
and I believe that it should be possible to persuade them so. The only way
for them to achieve anything near their ends would be a widely deployed rating system backed by digital signatures and browsers capable of recognising these signatures and labels and descrimingating based on them.
The only disadvantage that I can see to such a system would be that it would
make it easier for goverments, corporations and other organisation from passing through their servers and routers allowing wide scale sensorship.
This should be prevented by having a number of rating organisations slowly
gaining popularity (overall they must be popular or parents blocking unrated would be unacceptably restrictive). There would be nothing to
stop a page having ratings from a number of organisations or infact from
none at all.
Jon Baber
jbaber at mi.leeds.ac.uk

@_date: 1996-12-10 07:42:26
@_author: jbaber at mi.leeds.ac.uk 
@_subject: PICS is not censorship 
I seem to have edited the previous message badly and left out the
context which was false labeling on pages for which there was a charge to view. More along the lines of false advertising to be sure
but still fraud in my opinion.
Also, of course, it would be very hard to show that you were not,
in fact, the Messiah (;->).
Jon Baber
jbaber at mi.leeds.ac.uk

@_date: 1996-02-17 03:48:46
@_author: jbaber at mi.leeds.ac.uk 
@_subject: Looking for GSM A5 info 
writes... I have a post to sci.crypt from Jun 1994 stored on my web pages that has a fair
amount of information on A5 along with an implementation. I can not guarentee
that the details are accurate but they may well be of some use. Try:
Jon C. Baber
jbaber at mi.leeds.ac.uk

@_date: 1997-08-08 17:32:24
@_author: jbaber at mi.leeds.ac.uk 
@_subject: REPOST : Un-forgeable Cancels 
I don't think this got through the first time so I am resending it......

@_date: 1997-08-08 21:41:41
@_author: jbaber at mi.leeds.ac.uk 
@_subject: REPOST : Un-forgeable Cancels 
Glad that the mail got through that time - not forged cancels though I am sure, more likely a cock up with my mail sppol.....
I must admit that not being a news admin and rarely posting to news I have
not realy looked at what is being worked on. I was just reading the 'forged cancels' thread when I though of the hash idea.
to Cancel messages in a moderated newsgroup that have not been approved by
the moderator - by using PGP sigs to authenticate the approval.
see This could be modified for general cancels but would then involve PGPMoose
having access to every authors Public Key.
Personally I would prefer a unique value for every message, especially if
I was a prolific sender of news.
This would work well but would allow an attacker to cancel any message sent
using that value of R as soon as the author sent a message. Generally
the more messages that you sent the more vulnerable you would be to this
(as more of your articles would still be in the news feed) - exactly how
much of a problem this would be depends on whether archivers accept cancels
(which I doubt) and how long the news group in question is stored in the news
spool before timing out.
This I completely agree with, I was initally thinking of leaving the password
as an Environmental variable set when the user logged on (.cshrc, .login,
AUTOEXEC.BAT etc as appropriate). It makes very little difference if this
is the case or if it was stored in a file, however a good news program could
offer the option of using a different random/secret for any particular message
if the author wanted it to be [more] secure from their systems manager.
This is far simpler than if you calculate a unique hash for each new
message and may be the part that wins the day.
I think that issueing cancels should be more complex than just clicking on
a button - after all once you have said something there is very little reason
to try to cover it up - in most cases a simple correction would do.
This would generally be a bad idea, however you should remember that the
NNTP news server could simply be modified to overwrite yor Cancel_Ref:
header with their own value of Y anyway or even just not forward your
article, just as any news admin could (any news admin can only change those
'down the path' from them).
Again true, however this is true for any cancel checking mechanism. As far
as I can see the advantage to this idea over digital signatures is that the
NNTP program that has to decide whether to accept the cancel or not does
not need access to the public key of the sender.
Another thing is that the modification to the NNTP program is the same whether
you use a unique hash per message or a stored ~/.news-preimage as all that
it has to do is check that the value included in the cancel message hashes
to the value in the original message. This would allow quick updates to both
NNTP and the news-reader (probably originally using the stored preimage) and
later versions of the news-reader to be updated to include the unique hash
(which can still operate transparently to the user, using either a file or
environmental variable) without having to make any changes to the NNTP program.
Thanks for the comments,

@_date: 1997-07-22 17:06:52
@_author: jbaber at mi.leeds.ac.uk 
@_subject: House Tries to Liberate ICs 
The same thing is happening over here. Buisness is pushing for independant
contractors (and also heading more and more towards bonuses) whereas the
government (particually in the building industry) has changed from encouraging
this to making it harder and harder to qualify because they have just realised
that they are missing out on a great deal of tax because Employers do not have
to make National Insurance contributions for contractors and the contractors
themselves tend to pay a lot less.
Jon

@_date: 1997-11-11 18:22:44
@_author: jbaber at mi.leeds.ac.uk 
@_subject: Bell vs. Woodward--justice? 
Tim May Writes: Well the courts/administration seem to think so. Or at least think that
killing a baby is less deserving of punishment that standing against the
administration and spreading dangerous (to them) ideas (AP), which is what Jim is realy being punished for.
It has been stated over here (by some American Law Professor) that this
sentence is only slghtly below the average usually served for this kind
of Involentary Manslaughter. Is this just made up because it is what people
over here want to hear of is it vaguely accurate?
I think that perhaps the emphasis of what you said is being changed by other
writers who are hot under the collar about the Woodward case.
Leaving aside the problem with a system where a judge can overturn the decision of a Jury (I have not seen all of the evidence so have no idea
if she is guilty or innocent but if you enter a country you implicitly
agree to abide by their laws and legal system, however what is the point
of having a Jury if the Judge can do this sort of thing?) then the actual
problem is the length of time that Jim is spending in prison and nothing to do with the Woodward case at all. It just goes to illustrate, once again, how laws are selectively enforced and procedures slowed in order to punish people who can not otherwise be punished as much as the administration would like to.
Forget Woodward, Free Jim Bell!
