
@_date: 1995-11-04 15:02:02
@_author: John Curtis 
@_subject: Many Topics are Appropriate for Discussion Here 
Nothing ventured, nothing gained.  I don't mind reading serious
questions no matter how naive, provided that the questioner is
willing to listen to the responses no matter how acerbic.
You would have to have a pretty thick skin to post here frequently.
Sent: 	Friday, November 03, 1995 2:30 PM
I have some not-so-hypothetical questions: Suppose I have serious and plausibly realistic aspirations to become an authority in some subtopic of cryptography, network security, etc. (sometime well into the next millenium). Am I more likely to learn and hone my skills
by actively participating (sticking my neck out) or merely lurking
indefinitely ?  Regardless of the answer to the previous question, should
the list suffer me my missteps and naivete ?
I do not consider these questions rhetorical, and the answers are very
important to me on a personal level.
And now I believe I'll shut up for a while.
-Futplex

@_date: 1995-11-08 20:31:36
@_author: John Curtis 
@_subject: expiration dates on cryptography 
The discussion between Mr. May and Mr. Shields concerning
time-release cryptograhy raised an interesting question in my Given that trust is often of an ephemeral nature, it would be
quite useful to set time limits on secrets.  Would it be possible
to cryptographically protect a secret such that it could not be
decrypted after a certain time?
I suspect that the laws of thermodynamics might prohibit this
in classical cryptography because as a message expired the amount of entropy would decrease.  Quantum cryptography
might work, but that will be science fiction for some time to
Has anyone either shown how to do this or proven it impossible?

@_date: 1995-10-18 08:03:50
@_author: John Curtis 
@_subject: Anonymity: A Modest Proposal 
I think that what you propose could be modeled as an
anonymous remailing distributed process.  If designed
correctly, such a process could be made extremely
difficult to shut down (even for us!)  There are more than enough texts written on how to do this correctly; no need
to reinvent the wheel.
