
@_date: 2004-06-22 18:12:15
@_author: Contempt for Meatheads 
@_subject: [FoRK] Operation See-No-Evil 
Did anybody catch the bit from the Daily Show last night w/ the Cheney
interview --- "in his secret lair?"  Dude, WTF?  He looked like he was
in some kind of darkened mad scientist's lab prepping for doomsday.
Seriously, the room was full of all this unidentifiable and slightly
ominous-looking (in half-second glimpses) equipment, and was lit like
the set where Luke fights the Emperor.  Bizarre stuff.  I always
thought the sets for the Pres and friends in 24 were kind of bizarre,
but apparently our upper echelon's real digs are even weirder.
(Aside:  great bit from JS last night, where he cuts directly from
claims Cheney made about not saying something to footage that directly
contradicts this.  Fucking liars.  I'd have a lot more respect for them
if they respected their public's intelligence more themselves.)
Well, not content to merely be in the undisclosed location, apparently
he's gunning to be removed from essential public documents as well.  I
didn't know whether to entitle this one "Operation See-No-Evil" or
"Operation No Legacy." ;-)
Cheney may disappear from intel report
Will Dick Cheney's name get scrubbed from the Senate Intelligence
Committee report that by all accounts is highly critical of prewar
intelligence -- which he played a big role in? This Time magazine piece
says the CIA is pressing to have even titles removed from the report to
make the actors in the prewar intelligence drama, including Cheney,
"To suggestions that the redaction request could be interpreted as an
effort to provide political cover for Cheney, a CIA official responds
that 'the purpose of declassification review is to protect intelligence
sources, methods and other classified matters which, if disclosed,
could be helpful to adversaries, like weapons proliferators and
terrorists. It is not to stifle criticism.' Leaders of the Senate panel
don't see it the same way. 'The Committee is extremely disappointed by
the CIA?s excessive redactions to the report,' Chairman Pat Roberts, a
Kansas Republican, and Vice Chairman Jay Rockefeller, and West Virginia
Democrat, said in a statement last week, without mentioning any
specific CIA-proposed edits."

@_date: 2004-03-07 22:42:43
@_author: jbone at place.org 
@_subject: [FoRK] Outlawing dissent:  COINTELPRO resurgence 
There was a recent NOW bit re: trends in domestic spying... prompted me
to hunt around a bit, found this --- essentially the same gist.
I love it:  the Quakers (American Friends Service Committee) --- a
"criminal extremist" group.  Well, hell yeah, that damned philosophy of
"perfect silence" is criminally annoying. ;-)
 From AxisofLogic.com
Civil Rights/Human Rights
Outlawing dissent: Spying on peace meetings, cracking down on
protesters, keeping secret files on innocent people -- how Bush's war
on terror has become a war on freedom
By Michelle Goldberg
Feb 12, 2004, 10:07
A sting-ball grenade thrown by Oakland police, foreground, explodes
over running protesters during an antiwar protest in Oakland, Calif.,
April 7, 2003.
February 11, 2004-The undercover cop introduced herself to the
activists from the Colorado Coalition Against the War in Iraq as Chris
Hoffman, but her real name was Chris Hurley. Last March, she arrived at
a nonviolence training session in Denver, along with another undercover
officer, Brad Wanchisen, whom she introduced as her boyfriend. The
session, held at the Escuela Tlatelolco, a Denver private school, was
organized to prepare activists for a sit-in at the Buckley Air National
Guard Base the next day, March 15. Hurley said she wanted to
participate. She said she was willing to get arrested for the cause of
peace. In fact, she did get arrested. She was just never charged. The
activists she protested with wouldn't find out why for months.
Chris Hurley was just one of many cops all over the country who went
undercover to spy on antiwar protesters last year. Nonviolent antiwar
groups in Fresno, Calif., Grand Rapids, Mich., and Albuquerque, N.M.,
have all been infiltrated or surveilled by undercover police officers.
Shortly after the Buckley protest, the Boulder group was infiltrated a
second time, by another pair of police posing as an activist couple.
Meanwhile, protesters arrested at antiwar demonstrations in New York
last spring were extensively questioned about their political
associations, and their answers were entered into databases. And last
week, a federal prosecutor in Des Moines, Iowa, obtained a subpoena
demanding that Drake University turn over records from an antiwar
conference called "Stop the Occupation! Bring the Iowa Guard Home!"
that the school's chapter of the National Lawyers Guild, a civil
libertarian legal group, hosted on Nov. 15 of last year, the day before
a protest at the Iowa National Guard headquarters. Among the
information the government sought was the names of the leaders of the
Drake University Chapter of the National Lawyers Guild, its records
dating back to January of 2002, and the names of everyone who attended
the "Stop the Occupation!" conference. Four antiwar activists also
received subpoenas in the investigation.
On Tuesday, after a national outcry, the U.S. Attorney's Office
canceled the subpoenas. Still, says Bruce Nestor, a former president of
the National Lawyers Guild who is serving as the Drake chapter's
attorney, "We're concerned that some type of investigation is ongoing."
In the early 1970s, after the exposure of COINTELPRO, a program of
widespread FBI surveillance and sabotage of political dissidents,
reforms were put in place to prevent the government from spying on
political groups when there was no suspicion of criminal activity. But
once again, protesters throughout America are being watched, often by
police who are supposed to be investigating terrorism. Civil
disobedience, seen during peaceful times as the honorable legacy of
heroes like Gandhi and Martin Luther King Jr., is being treated as
terrorism's cousin, and the government claims to be justified in
infiltrating any meeting where it's even discussed. It's too early to
tell if America is entering a repeat of the COINTELPRO era. But Jeffrey
Fogel, legal director of the Center for Constitutional Law in
Manhattan, says, "There are certainly enough warning signs out there
that we may be."
As a new round of protests approaches -- including worldwide antiwar
demonstrations on March 20 and massive anti-Bush actions during the
Republican National Convention in August and September -- experts say
the surveillance is likely to increase. "The government is taking an
increasingly hostile stance toward protesters," says Michael Avery,
president of the National Lawyers Guild and a professor of
constitutional law at Suffolk University. In the run-up to the
Republican Convention, he says, "I'm sure the government will be
attempting to infiltrate political groups. They may send agent
provocateurs into political groups. They're no doubt compiling reports
on people. We have to stand up against that."
No one knows the extent of the political spying and profiling currently
being carried out against critics of the Bush administration and
American foreign policy -- which may be the most disturbing thing about
the entire phenomenon. "Presumably if they're doing their jobs well,
we'll never know," says Fogel. Activists have also been unsuccessful at
finding out why they're being watched, and under whose authority.
What we do know, though, is that several of the police departments that
have been accused of spying on protesters -- including the Aurora,
Colo., Police Department, where Hurley works -- are part of Joint
Terrorism Task Forces. These are programs in which local police are
assigned to work full-time with FBI agents and other federal agents "to
investigate and prevent acts of terrorism," as the FBI's Web site says.
According to the FBI, such JTTFs have been around since 1980, but the
total number has almost doubled since Sept. 11, 2001, to 66.
A Polk County deputy sheriff assigned to a Joint Terrorism Task Force
served the subpoenas in Iowa. According to Nestor, the deputy sheriff
even handed out business cards that identified him as part of the JTTF.
On Monday, though, after what Nestor describes as a "tremendous public
reaction" following news reports of the JTTF's involvement, the U.S.
Attorney's Office in Des Moines issued a written statement denying that
the investigation was being conducted by the task force.
The U.S. Attorney's Office confirms that the investigation is a
collaboration between the FBI, the Polk County Sheriff's Department and
the U.S. Attorney's Office -- all of whom, Nestor notes, serve on the
JTTF. It focuses on a case of misdemeanor trespassing on government
property that took place on Nov. 16, near the antiwar protest.
According to Nestor, the case involves someone who "walked up to a
closed gate" outside the National Guard's armory, "had a conversation
with the guards and got charged with trespassing." The police and FBI
are now investigating whether people at the antiwar conference entered
into some kind of conspiracy to break the law -- in other words,
whether they planned acts of civil disobedience.
"They appear to be taking the stance that if any individual, as part of
or in relation to a protest, commits an act that might be a violation
of federal law, that they can subpoena and investigate any records of
any meeting that person may have gone to in the days or even months
proceeding," says Nestor.
Avery suggests that such investigations will have a chilling effect on
the planning for future protests. "The risk is that if there's some
kind of demonstration or protest activity that involves trespassing,
[the JTTF] is saying they can ask people what political meetings have
you been to lately, who was there, what did you talk about," says
Avery. "People are allowed to meet and talk and debate political issues
without being spied on by the government." At least, they used to be.
Whether or not a Joint Terrorism Task Force was behind the Iowa
investigation, JTTFs have already been implicated in political spying.
In a three-ring binder from the Denver Police Department Intelligence
Unit obtained by the Colorado ACLU, a section labeled "Colorado and
Local Links: JTTF Active Case List" contained printouts made in April
2002 from the Web sites of the Colorado Campaign for Middle East Peace,
American Friends Service Committee, Denver Justice and Peace Committee
and the Rocky Mountain Independent Media Center. One of the printouts,
a copy of which is available on the ACLU's Web site, is the American
Friends Service Committee's calendar of upcoming antiwar events.
Last November, the New York Times revealed a leaked FBI memo asking
local police to report protest activity to their local Joint Terrorism
Task Force. The bulletin, sent to law enforcement agencies on Oct. 15,
2003, warned about antiwar protests planned for Oct. 25, saying, "While
the FBI possesses no information indicating that violent or terrorist
activities are being planned as part of these protests, the possibility
exists that elements of the activist community may attempt to engage in
violent, destructive, or dangerous acts."
The bulletin went on to list common protest methods including marches
and sit-ins, as well as "aggressive tactics" used by "extremist
elements," including vandalism, trespassing, physical harassment,
formation of human chains and the use of weapons.
"Even the more peaceful techniques can create a climate of disorder,
block access to a site, draw large numbers of police officers to a
specific location in order to weaken security at other locations,
obstruct traffic, and possibly intimidate people from attending the
events being protested," it warned.
It ended by saying, "Law enforcement agencies should be alert to these
possible indications of protest activity and report any potentially
illegal acts to the nearest FBI Joint Terrorism Task Force."
The Colorado activists who attended nonviolence training with Chris
Hurley remember her as shy and timid. She didn't arouse suspicion at
either the training session, where people practiced staying calm even
when confronted by aggressive police, or the next day, when she showed
up at the demonstration.
On March 15, around 300 people protested near the Buckley base, but
only 18 (not including Hurley) engaged in civil disobedience by sitting
in the road and blocking the base's entrance. The action was no secret

@_date: 2004-05-06 14:29:13
@_author: Contempt for Meatheads 
@_subject: [FoRK] How To Attack Scale-Free Networks 
Great new bits up on Global Guerillas:
HOW TO ATTACK SCALE-FREE NETWORKS
Scale-free networks are everywhere. The can be seen in airline traffic
routes, connections between actors in Hollywood, weblog links, sexual
relationships, and terrorist networks. So what exactly is a scale-free
network? A scale-free network is one that obeys a power law
distribution in the number of connections between nodes on the network.
Some few nodes exhibit extremely high connectivity (essentially
scale-free) while the vast majority are relatively poorly connected.
The reason that scale-free networks emerge, as opposed to evenly
distributed random networks, is due to these factors:
    * Rapid growth confers preference to early entrants. The longer a
node has been in place the greater the number of links to it. First
mover advantage is very important.
    * In an environment of too much information people link to nodes
that are easier to find. This preferential linking reinforces itself by
making the easier to find nodes even more easy to find.
* The greater the capacity of the hub (bandwidth, work ethic, etc.) the
faster its growth.
The Strength and Weaknesses of Scale-Free Networks
The proliferation of scale-free networks and our increasing dependence
on them (particularly given their prevalence in energy, transportation,
and communications systems) begs the question: how reliable are these
networks? Here's some insight into this:
    * Scale-free networks are extremely tolerant of random failures. In
a random network, a small number of random failures can collapse the
network. A scale-free network can absorb random failures up to 80% of
its nodes before it collapses. The reason for this is the inhomogeneity
of the nodes on the network -- failures are much more likely to occur
on relatively small nodes.
    * Scale-free networks are extremely vulnerable to intentional
attacks on their hubs. Attacks that simultaneously eliminate as few as
5-15% of a scale-free network's hubs can collapse the network.
Simultaneity of an attack on hubs is important. Scale-free networks can
heal themselves rapidly if an insufficient number of hubs necessary for
a systemic collapse are removed.
* Scale-free networks are extremely vulnerable to epidemics. In random
networks, epidemics need to surpass a critical threshold (a number of
nodes infected) before it propogates system-wide. Below the threshold,
the epidemic dies out. Above the threshold, the epidemic spreads
exponentially. Recent evidence indicates that the threshold for
epidemics on scale-free networks is zero.
What this means for Counter-terrorists
Given the vulnerability of scale-free networks to intentional
disruption, what does this mean for counter-terrorist planners (which I
hope, but doubt, they are thinking about)? This theory has strong
implications for defense as well as offense. Here's what it means:
    * Eliminating terrorist scale-free network hubs will likely not be
effective. Non-state terrorist networks are not only scale-free they
also exhibit small world properties (see "TERRORIST CELLS" for more).
This means that while large hubs still dominate the network, the
presence of tight clusters (cells), continues to provide local
connectivity when the hubs are removed. This implies that the attack on
al Qaeda's Afghanistan training camps (the location of multiple hubs)
did not collapse its network in any meaningful way. Rather, it atomized
the network into anonymous clusters of connectivity until the hubs
could reassert their priority again. Additionally, many of these
clusters, even without the global connectivity provided by the hubs,
will still be able to conduct attacks if they are of sufficient size
and complexity (a variety of skill sets). A better approach may be to
observe the hubs covertly to assertain the location of local clusters
that need to be shut down.
    * Critical terrorist social network hubs cannot be identified based
on the number of links alone. Hubs vary in value depending on multiple
vectors such as depth of connections (strong face-to-face social
history is extremely important for trust development in covert networks

@_date: 2004-05-21 09:21:35
@_author: Contempt for Meatheads 
@_subject: [FoRK] Are you a potential terrorist? 
Are You a Potential Terrorist?
Associated Press
Story location: 10:20 AM May. 20, 2004 PT
Before helping to launch the criminal information project known as
Matrix, a database contractor gave U.S. and Florida authorities the
names of 120,000 people who showed a statistical likelihood of being
terrorists ? sparking some investigations and arrests.
The "high terrorism factor" scoring system also became a key selling
point for the involvement of the database company, Seisint Inc., in the
Matrix project.
Public records obtained by The Associated Press from several states
show that Justice Department officials cited the scoring technology in
appointing Seisint sole contractor on the federally funded, $12 million
Seisint and the law enforcement officials who oversee Matrix insist
that the terrorism scoring system ultimately was kept out of the
project, largely because of privacy concerns.
However, new details about Seisint's development of the "terrorism
quotient," including the revelation that authorities apparently acted
on the list of 120,000, are renewing privacy activists' suspicions
about Matrix's potential power.
"Assuming they have in fact abandoned the terrorist quotient, there's
nothing that stops them from bringing it back," said Barry Steinhardt,
director of the technology and liberty program at the American Civil
Liberties Union, which learned about the list of 120,000 through its
own records request in Utah.
Matrix ? short for Multistate Anti-Terrorism Information Exchange ?
combines state records and data culled by Seisint to give investigators
quick access to information on crime and terrorism suspects. It was
launched in 2002.
Because the system includes information on people with no criminal
record as well as known criminals, Matrix has drawn objections from
both liberal and conservative privacy groups. Utah and at least eight
other states have pulled out, leaving Florida, Connecticut, Ohio,
Michigan and Pennsylvania.
The AP has received thousands of pages of Matrix documents in records
requests this year, including meeting minutes and presentation
materials that discuss the project in detail.
Not one indicates that Matrix planners decided against using the
statistical method of determining an individual's propensity for
When the AP specifically requested documents indicating the scoring
system was scrapped, the general counsel's office for Florida state
police said it could not uncover any.
Even so, people involved with Matrix pledge that the statistical method
was removed from the final product.
"I'll put my 26 years of law enforcement experience on the line. It is
not in there," said Mark Zadra, chief investigator for the Florida
Department of Law Enforcement. He said Matrix, which has 4 billion
records, merely speeds access to material that police have always been
able to get from disparate sources, and does not automatically or
proactively finger suspects.
Bill Shrewsbury, a Seisint executive and former federal drug agent,
said the terrorism scoring algorithm that produced the list of 120,000
names was "put on the shelf" after it was demonstrated immediately
following Sept. 11, 2001.
He said the scoring system requires intelligence data that was fed into
the software for the initial demonstration but is not commonly
available. "Nor are we interested in pursuing that," he said.
The Utah documents included a Seisint presentation saying the scoring
system was developed by the company and law enforcement officials by
reverse engineering an unnamed "terrorist handbook" that reveals how
terrorists "penetrate and in live our society."
The scoring incorporated such factors as age, gender, ethnicity, credit
history, "investigational data," information about pilot and driver
licenses, and connections to "dirty" addresses known to have been used
by other suspects.
According to Seisint's presentation, dated January 2003 and marked
confidential, the 120,000 names with the highest scores were given to
the Immigration and Naturalization Service, FBI, Secret Service and
Florida state police. (Later, those agencies would help craft the
software that queries Matrix.)
Of the people with the 80 highest scores, five were among the Sept. 11
hijackers, Seisint's presentation said. Forty-five were identified as
being or possibly being under existing investigations, while 30 others
"were unknown to FBI."
"Investigations were triggered and arrests were made by INS and other
agencies," the presentation added. Two bullet points stated: "Several
arrests within one week" and "Scores of other arrests." It does not
provide details of when and where the investigations and arrests took
Phil Ramer, who heads Florida state police's intelligence division,
said his agency found the list a useful starting point for some
investigations, though he said he could not recall how many. He
stressed that the list was not used as the sole evidence to make
"What we did with the list is we went back and found out how they got
on the list," Ramer said.
Dean Boyd, a spokesman for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, a
descendant of INS in the Department of Homeland Security, said he could
not confirm that INS used or was given the list.
Although Seisint says it shelved the scoring system ? known as high
terrorist factor, or HTF ? after the original demonstrations in the
wake of the Sept. 11 attacks, the algorithm was touted well into 2003.
A records request by the AP in Florida turned up "briefing points,"
dated January 2003, for a presentation on Matrix to Vice President Dick
Cheney and other top federal officials delivered jointly by Seisint,
Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and Florida's top police official.
One of the items on Seisint's agenda: "Demonstrate HTF with mapping."
Matrix meeting minutes from February 2003 say Cheney was briefed along
with Homeland Security Director Tom Ridge and FBI Director Robert
In May 2003, the Justice Department approved Seisint as sole data
contractor on the project, citing the company's "technical
qualifications," including software "applying the 'terrorism quotient'
in all cases."
"The quotient identifies a set of criteria which accurately singled out
characteristics related to the perpetrators of the 9-11 attacks and
other terrorist events," said a memo from an Office of Justice Programs
policy adviser, Bruce Edwards. "This process produced a scoring
mechanism (that), when applied to the general criminal population,
yields other people that may have similar motives."
A spokeswoman for the Office of Justice Programs declined to comment.
Ramer, the Florida agent, said the scoring system was scrapped because
it was "really specific to 9/11," and not applicable for everyday use.
Also, he said, "we didn't want anybody abusing it."
Seisint is a Boca Raton, Fla., company founded by a millionaire, Hank
Asher, who stepped down from its board of directors last year after
revelations of past ties to drug smugglers.
End of story
FoRK mailing list
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]
