
@_date: 2011-07-27 09:42:53
@_author: Jordan Crandall 
@_subject: <nettime> Unmanned 
Dear Nettimers,  Here is some of my new work on drones.  The work is very
much in development, and your comments and suggestions are very welcome. On a recent clear evening in December, as the sun was setting over the
Texas horizon, a Mexican drone entered U.S. airspace and crashed into a
backyard in El Paso.
In another time and place, a drone falling from the sky could have
elicited a high degree of alarm. In this particular border neighborhood,
however, it is not much of an event.  Flanked by an army of surveillance
cameras, floodlights, thermal imaging systems, inspection apparatuses,
ground sensors, and mobile surveillance units -- fortifications that,
together with an enormous barricade of cement, steel, and barbed wire,
define the border with Mexico -- the region is home to a cavalcade of
mysterious machines that populate the skies:  reconnaissance aircraft,
relentlessly prowling for illegal activity, extending ground patrols into
the air.  As the doomed drone lay tangled in the desert scrub brush and
softly blowing sand, its processing ability weakened and its connective
capability disabled, the resident calmly picked up his phone.  He did not
call emergency services.  At the onset of this particular catastrophe, he
did what any vigilant citizen in this part of the world would do:  he
called U.S. Customs and Border Protection.
Drones -- also known as Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) -- are prone to
system failures and pilot mistakes.  Bad weather can bring them down;
relatively small and vulnerable, they can be felled by something as simple
as a gust of wind.  The source of this particular El Paso crash was
revealed to be a mechanical malfunction.  It caused operators, who always
operate at a distance, to lose control of the pilotless plane.  As is
often the case with unmanned vehicles, it was not clear who those
operators were.  A Mexican Attorney General spokeswoman denied her
country's involvement with the drone, but later that same day, another
Mexican official said it was being operated by the Ministry of Public
Security and was following a target at the time of the incident.  A
spokesman for the Mexican Embassy in the United States said that the
drone, while belonging to Mexico, was part of an operation in coordination
with the U.S. government.
The impact had opened up more than just a small hollow in the sand.  It
disrupted and opened the rituals of neighbors, the connectivities of
machines, the routines of public agents, and the choruses of desert
cicadas.  It destabilized the coherency of the crashed drone itself,
which, far from sitting intact, was now distributed into the routines and
spaces of the various agencies that were engaged in parsing its failure,
sustaining its role, or coordinating its return. At the onset of its
weakened capacities, phones were dialed, conversations started.  A
collection of material and discursive components, it was now available for
reassembly.  At the international level, the accident brought into play
the governmental agencies concerned with the maintenance of relations
between the two countries, along with the global Israeli company
Aeronoautics Defense Systems, agent of the drone's manufacture, all of
whom sought to maintain the perception that the drone "works," whether in
terms of mechanical infrastructure, data, or public relations.  At the
national level, it brought into play the investigative agencies of the
National Transportation Safety Board, concerned with regulation of the
skies in which UAVs travel, and the Department of Homeland Security, chief
enforcing agents in the area of border protection and regulation.  These
arbiters of the safe and legal passage of people, traffic, and goods
harnessed the drone as a case study, distributing its components within an
investigative landscape of national security discourse, drug smuggling,
gang violence, public health, and private commerce.  At the city level, it
brought into play the El Paso Fire Department, attender to the emergency
and modulator of its material risk, along with the local Police
Department, dispatched by a U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency
whose presence in the region, along with its brother agencies in
immigration and drug enforcement, is considerable.  Unlike the Police
Department, it operates its own drones.
The return of the UAV was a humble affair.  The U.S. Border Patrol, in the
capacity of several agents and a van, pulled up to an international bridge
in a cloud of smoke and dust.  They stepped out of the vehicle, extracted
the drone from the rear, and handed it back to Mexican officials.  Perhaps
a ceremony of some kind was involved, but the handing over of the drone
was, in terms of physical exertion, fairly easy, since it was in the
"Mini" class -- an Orbiter Mini UAV -- with a total wingspan of about
seven feet.  The entire system, disassembled, fits into a backpack.
The recovered drone, relatively intact, might have been reassembled
quickly.  According to the manufacturer's specifications, this takes about
ten minutes.  Yet, the UAV was dismantled by an array of forces that
violated its coherency in a deeper, more long-lasting sense.  Between the
drone's destruction in a backyard and its delivery at a bridge, the
component agencies necessary to operate and maintain it became newly
revealed.  Dislodged from their mainframe and rendered vulnerable, these
component agencies, however operational, institutional, or discursive,
become newly active in their negotiations and attachments.  Phone calls
are made, conversations started, extensions orchestrated.  At the same
time as they are distributed, however, they are consolidated -- resolved
to a territorial or ontological specificity.  Escaping abstraction, they
become embroiled in a geopolitics that may have been overlooked or erased.
In the onset and aftermath of the catastrophe, the coherency and
centrality of the drone is destabilized, its deceptive unity revealed.  It
cannot be reassembled in quite the same way.
UAVs made their appearance on the world stage just after September 11,
2001, in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.  The U.S. now relies on them
heavily, most notably for surveillance and bombing missions across the
Middle East and North Africa.  Primarily due to their perceived success in
these military operations, their potential has come to be widely
recognized in many sectors of the U.S. government, and pressure has been
growing to allow them into domestic skies.  The Department of Defense and
the Department of Homeland Security have besieged the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) with requests for the flying rights of a range of
pilotless planes into civilian airspace for the purpose of domestic
security operations, law enforcement, and disaster relief.  So far, they
have obtained FAA permission to operate unmanned planes along limited
zones, including the Southwest border from California to Texas.  In the
case of large-scale catastrophes, drones can be operated nationwide in the
search for survivors.
While many countries across Asia and Latin America -- Israel, Japan, South
Korea, Brazil, and Mexico, to name a few -- already allow UAVs for
domestic use, and while the E.U. is planning to have them integrated into
civilian airspace by 2015, the process of developing regulations in the
U.S. has been slow and fraught with complication.  FAA officials are
concerned that, in domestic skies, there is a greater danger of collisions
with smaller aircraft than in the war zones in which UAVs have been
tested.  The fact that UAVs come in such a wide range of scales -- the
Global Hawk is as large as a small airliner, while the hand-launched Raven
is just 38 inches long and weighs four pounds -- makes matters worse.  The
FAA is are worried that drones might plow into airliners, cargo planes and
corporate jets at high altitudes, or plunge into low-flying helicopters
and hot air balloons.  (Raven drones, in fact, have been known to collide
with manned helicopters in the crowded skies over Baghdad.)  The rapid
growth of unmanned planes of all sizes not only threatens safety in the
skies but on the ground.  With UAVs coming as small as the 13 inch Wasp,
it is easy to imagine a tiny drone, malfunctioning or wavering offcourse,
crashing not into a border-town backyard but through a living room window.
One of the FAA's key concerns is that remote operators can lose
communications with the aircraft.  In the world of drones, loss of
communication with the aircraft can lead to loss of control.  Many UAVs,
when they lose a connection to ground stations, are programmed to fly off
to a safety zone and try to regain contact.  But often, this does not
work.  The plane goes renegade, disappears or plummets to earth.  Loss of
communication and control can occur from a systems failure, a software
glitch, or, as in the case of the Mexican drone crash in El Paso, a
mechanical malfunction.  The drone can also be cut off by an atmospheric
disturbance, a hostile interception from the ground, or an enemy hack.  In
one way or another, human error often plays a role, whether in the form of
a faulty program, mechanical oversight, or coordination mistake.
Human error was revealed as the cause of a yet another crash into the
backyard of a border town residence -- this time, in a neighborhood much
like El Paso but about 300 miles west, near Nogales, Arizona.  The
catastrophe, which occurred before sunrise in the early morning hours, was
caused by a ground operator's failure to follow procedure.  The failure
set forth a cascade of collapse.  It caused the ground control console to
lock up, which caused the UAVs engine to shut down.  On loss of its
engine, the Predator began turning off its electrical systems to conserve
power.  It then descended below the minimum altitude, turned north into
Arizona, and awaited further commands.  No such commands came.  Operators had completely lost contact with the
plane.  It floated about the desert night, abandoned, aimless, and
invisible.  Air traffic control operators, faced with the danger of an
unlocatable, headless robot lurking in the air somewhere, quickly closed
off large chunks of airspace.  Tucson International Airport was nearly
affected.  The out-of-control and powerless Predator then dove into an
area of upscale ranch homes and crash-landed in the backyard of a large
The accident was reported when residents of the neighborhood, sleeping
quietly amid the sounds of insects, television hum, and soft rustling
leaves, were awakened by the explosion.  The scale of this pilotless
plane, a Predator B built by the California-based company General Atomics,
is as large as some commuter airliners -- nearly ten times larger than
that of the Mini UAV in the El Paso incident -- and undoubtedly, its
resounding crash at this hour elicited no small degree of alarm.  The
plane missed two houses by about 200 feet.  Abruptly catapulted from their
beds in a violent crescendo of machine grind, metallic crush and earth
upheaval, these homeowners may have first called emergency services. However in this case too, a call to U.S. Customs and Border Protection
might have been most appropriate, since this was the agency that was
operating the plane.
The downed drone, smoldering amongst the cactus, scrub brush, and sand
sage in a cloud of smoke and dirt, was most likely a peculiar sight.  A
twisted geometry of spilt forms and unmasked roles, of networks sought and
broken, it now offered itself to connection, continuity, and salvage. Among the spilled cables, machine parts, microprocessors, storage units,
and sensors that were dislodged by its slam to earth there would have been
little trace of human presence.  In the place of a cabin, within which
pilots, sitting amongst angular consoles, molded door panels, and worn
seats, work the controls that are sculpted around them, there is only a
solid, bulbous mass teeming with hardware and data flows.  The violent
spray of metal, electronics, rubber, and engine fumes that is released by
the impact would have contained few shards of glass, for there are no
windows that line the plane's dense hollow and no monitors within its
confines.  There are only the tiniest portals of cameras and sensors,
peering downward out of its underbelly, sucking in data from the ground
Drone Desire
The demand for unmanned vehicles is not limited to the military, homeland
security, and law enforcement.  Civilians, too, want their drones! Tornado researchers want to send them into storms to gather data.  Energy
companies crave their use for geological surveying and and pipeline
monitoring.  Security companies want to send them up for new surveillance
applications.  Commercial upstarts yearn to service them and train their
Perhaps the most visible drone desire is that of the everyday consumer. Homegrown drones sprout up everywhere, their production and operation
facilitated by an expanding network of hobbyist groups and blogger
communities.  Ignited by their prominent roles in sci-fi literature,
television, and film, drones populate social and cultural imaginaries. They appeal to generations of gamers, who relate to the control interfaces
through which they are operated and the first-person-shooter style images
that are streamed from them, often accessed on the very same computer
screens upon which these games are played.  Flying a drone is like playing
a game, and drones often populate games.  User-generated websites like DIY
Drones, information resources like Dronepedia, and drone applications for
mobile phones that allow actual drones to be controlled and virtual ones
gamed together function as social networking platforms, recreational
outlets, and learning environments.  They serve as catalysts for the
development of shared, distributed forms of thinking and practice,
bringing into play new knowledges and skills.  Building and flying a drone
might require one to learn principles of aerodynamics, airframe
engineering, robotics, photography, and piloting via radio control.  It
requires awareness of regulations on the ground and in the air, however
social or environmental, and the skillful management of one's identity and
stature within groups.  The need to display knowledge, talent, and agility
is often a driving force, whether in competition or cooperation.
There is an erotic dimension to this sharing, acquisition of expertise,
and display of prowess.  One might build drones because, as one suburban
teenage DIY blogger puts it, they are a "chick magnet."  Drone display
flourishes out of backyards, streets, abandoned lots, and open fields, and
in the consequent posting of video and photographic documentation on
social networking sites.  Nestled amid the sagebrush along the California
side of the U.S./Mexico border is even a small DIY drone airfield. Makeshift and unkempt, devoid of pavement and infrastructure, it is
unremarkable in the absence of the gathered assemblies of amateur pilots,
planes, and spectators for which it is intended.  One might well overlook
it, yet perhaps in some way it serves as a model of sorts, a harbinger of
airports to come:  a preview of what drone airfields might look like, writ
large, in their absence of traditional control platforms and optical
infrastructures.  Much like this one, the unmanned airport would contain
no centralized control tower presiding over the runway and no lighting
tracks reflecting its contours.  There is no need for a commanding view
from above.  The distributed and windowless drone, devoid of any interior,
requires no human sightline for its flight.  In an operational sense, its
trajectory is not visual.   Geometries of looking, whether from a cockpit
or a control tower, have been replaced by networks of sensing, some
visually oriented, but most not.  Interior/exterior relations, at least in
any conventional, spatially-continuous sense, diminish in their
structuring relevance.
If the drone were to provide a model of subjectivity, it would not be
defined by a logics of enclosure.  There is no incomplete interiority to
be recuperated.  There are no external objects to drone desire, only
internal parts of its distributed architecture, opaque to observation. So, too, with those who would harness the drone's allure for the purpose
of erotic display:  there are no counterparts to an erotics within which
all desiring agents are immanent.
For the drone aficionado of all sorts, drones are curious, kick-ass, and
cute, a potent combination of menace and allure, and in this combination,
one might embody in them the workings of the sacred or the sublime.  Hence
the erotic potential of the image of the shiny drone, glowing against a
clear blue sky, as well as the smashed one, twisted amongst the desert
The erotics can spill into the realm of politics, mobilizing civilian
groups in the pursuit of social and political causes, united under the
sign of the drone.   Of the vigilante groups who now fly drones along the
U.S./Mexico border, the most visible and technologically advanced is the
American Border Patrol.  Its UAV, a ramshackle plane called the Border
Hawk, is operated from a ground control station on a private ranch
situated on the Southeastern Arizona borderlands.  Endeavoring to provide
public access to transmissions that are usually shrouded in secrecy, the
group streams all of its drone video footage live on the web.
The plane's inaugural flight took place over the San Pedro River, a
popular site of cross border activity.  To ensure that the drone proved
its effectivity in spotting actual, living people, volunteers from the
American Border Patrol masqueraded as illegal border crossers.  Jutting to
and fro, stealthily wending their way across the harsh desert borderland,
conscious of the view from above, they mimicked the very people they aimed
to target, adopting their renegade behavior in a caricature of
criminality.  The complex pleasures of crossing over in this manner,
through appearance, disposition, and demeanor, are well known to the
deviant maneuvering to "pass," with whatever degree of conformity and
sacrifice this might entail.  These pleasures are often undetectable to
those who man the optics:  visual mastery is privileged over groundlevel
display, at the expense of any awareness of the correspondences of self
that the targeter finds reflected, extended, and propagated in the scope.
As glimpsed in the amateur officiality of their nomenclature, groups like
these straddle the line between governmental and non-governmental agency. Aiming to assist the Border Patrol in the apprehension of illegal
immigrants, they see themselves as providing a valuable public service,
filling in the gaps among the limited number of Border Patrol agents that
are available to patrol the entire 2,000-mile stretch.  At the same time,
they regard themselves operating as government watchdogs.  Suspicious of
their state apparatus and disillusioned by the ideologies of their
generation, these groups, dominated by retired military and security men,
patrol the border as if in search of something far more than illegal
activity:  the recuperable myth of white male privilege.  Situated far
from the contemporary sci-fi imaginary, they seem to embody, instead, the
genre of the Western -- the pre-technological harbinger of its
cyber-frontierism.  Drifting about the desolate landscape, drones at the
ready, they guard their version of the American Dream.
Allowing unmanned aircraft into domestic space heightens a number of civil
liberties concerns.  It expands the government's ability to surveil its
citizens -- adding to its already substantial patrol arsenal of sensors,
night vision scopes, video surveillance systems, directional listening
devices, and data mining systems.  The cameras on drones like the Predator
can read a license plate from two miles up; the electro-optical sensor
systems of the Global Hawk can identify an object the size of a milk
carton from an altitude of 60,000 feet.  And while domestic drones are not
presently armed, they can be easily outfitted with weaponry -- as they
were after the September 11, 2001 attacks, when Predators were quickly
armed with Hellfire missiles (fired, frequently, at the wrong targets). Drone strikes often slip into the cracks between regulatory domains; their
responsible parties, often combinations of actors working across the
boundaries of national governments and domestic agencies, are difficult to
pinpoint.  Among the hundreds of deaths -- some say thousands -- that
America's drone strikes abroad have caused there is little accountability.
Many of these concerns are superseded by the drone's allure.  Even when
considering social costs and ethics, the use of drones is widely supported
by the general public.  Guarding the border is understood to be paramount
to U.S. national security, and the practicalities of domestic security
loom large.  Politicians do not want to risk appearing "soft" on border
security.  They argue that UAVs could operate as "force multipliers"
allowing the Border Patrol to deploy fewer agents and improve coverage
along remote and sparsely patrolled sections.  The synthetic-aperture
radar, infrared sensors, and electro-optical cameras on a UAV like the
Global Hawk can provide the capability to survey over 60,000 square miles
a day.  According to Homeland Security, UAVs have proved their
effectivity, helping to intercept thousands of illegal immigrants and
pounds of drugs.
In a more general sense, it is widely understood that unmanned systems,
for both military and domestic security operations -- considering, for the
moment, that this distinction still stands -- are the wave of the future. The Department of Defense has invested aggressively in their development
and use, and by Congressional mandate, this investment must continue to
increase.  The perceived advantages are many.  As with many robotic
systems, drones are unhampered by the physiological and psychological
limitations of humans; they can easily take on jobs that are dirty,
dangerous or dull.  They can stay aloft and loiter for prolonged periods
of time, persisting on targets over ten times longer than piloted
aircraft, at far less cost.  The human risk factor, at least on the U.S.
side, is vastly reduced.  As a general rule, drones do not result in the
injuries and deaths of their crews.
But they do crash.
They crash frequently -- many more times than manned aircraft.
They crash not only into American border regions and backyards but into
global hotbeds of military activity.
They have slammed into Sunni political headquarters in Mosul, Iraq. Nose-dived into the Wales airport runway.  Struck power lines and cut off
power in Alberta Canada.  Vanished into Pakistan's tribal region in North
Waziristan.  Plummeted into uninhabited terrain near Ghanzi, Afghanistan
and the Indian/Pakistani border.  Collapsed into the Gaza Strip.  Plunged
into the Mojave Desert.  Disappeared into Turkeys desolate Mardin
province.  Cannonballed into the coast of Spain.  Ditched into the Iraqi
countryside.  Rolled with scrub brush across the rough desert terrain near
Indian Springs, Nevada.  The Italian Air Force has discovered one of its
downed drones floating along the surface of the Adriatic Sea, its body
glistening in the sunlight like the bleached skin of a whale.
If a demo reel of Oscar-worthy drone crash moments were assembled --
perhaps in order to pitch the drone for a starring role in the ubiquitous
action-adventure movie -- it would be composed of clips like these.  In
true commercial fashion, it would seek to harness the drone's menace and
its allure, its potent combination of desire and threat.  Like any good
object of desire, it would give us what we want and what we fear.  As a
conduit of identification and affect, it would allow us to extend
ourselves, in all our sensory acuity, into a landscape devoid of everyday
political rationales and ethical or moral judgments:  to plunge headlong
into the melee.
The resulting drone crash action-adventure documentary would be geared for
the everyday viewer primed for the economies of disaster, of pleasurable
violence transmitted on private screens -- sites where drone games are
played and drone missions consumed.  Its trailer might go something like
this.  Ground control operators have suddenly lost control of an armed
Reaper flying a combat mission over Afghanistan.  A manned U.S. Air Force
fighter is dispatched to shoot down the renegade drone before it flies
beyond the edge of Afghan airspace.  (In the world of robotic warfare,
human pilots are apparently still good for something:  shooting down
wayward drones.)  The tension builds:  disciplined man against chaotic
The fighter plane arrives too late.  The renunciant Reaper, speeding
headlong into its own future, crashes into the side of a mountain. Abstracted in a shower of engine oil, smoke, lost data, and crushed metal,
its dissipating fuselage drops.  Amplified in a rush of sensation and
adrenaline, its absorbing body elevates.
Salvage Operations
When UAVs crash, they provide a bounty of potentially valuable information
and parts.  Their databases are rendered vulnerable to access, their
components susceptible to retooling -- absorbed into affiliations that can
enhance the warfare capacity of foes.  In order to prevent enemies from
obtaining sensitive materials, almost every drone crash involves an
intensive recovery operation.
It can be difficult to secure the wreckage.  When a Canadian UAV crashed
around three kilometers from the U.S. military base at Ma'Sum Ghar in
western Kandahar province, American military forces were too late:  within
22 minutes, the drone had been fully stripped and hauled away by locals. If a recovery is not possible in time, a drone may be destroyed by its own
government:  British special forces once bombed a Reaper that had crashed
in Afghanistan, in order to prevent its parts falling into the hands of
the Taliban.  Smaller drones like the Raven often simply disappear into
the hands of enemies, as they have frequently in Iraq.
A U.S. Predator crashes in Jahayn, a remote village in Yemen.  Local
residents, who frequently complain of the noise that the widely-used
drones make as they relentlessly circulate in the skies overhead -- some
say it sounds like a lawnmower -- most likely meet this downed drone with
some degree of relief.  Discovering the wreckage, they call the police. The felled drone is recovered, hauled away from the oil-stained sand.  As
the convoy heads back, however, it is intercepted by gunmen.  The armed
rebels, reported to belong to Al-Qaeda, hijack the plane.  The Yemeni
Ministry of Defense dismisses these reports as baseless rumors.  How solid
is its claim?  According to diplomatic cables released by WikiLeaks, the
Yemeni government deliberately covered up the crash of a previous American
drone, the Scan Eagle, claiming that the aircraft, which washed up on the
coast of Hadramout, was an Iranian spy plane.
Unlike the smooth coordination of agencies involved in the El Paso
incident, which resulted in the crashed UAV's return to Mexico, there is
no handing over of the drone by the Yemeni government.  It scatters into
the routines and spaces of renegade agencies.  Its parts, however material
or discursive, are absorbed into other systems of meaning and affect,
however straight or wayward, countered or modulated, amplified or
The dispersion, more the rule than the exception, is always accompanied by
gathering, a consolidation.  As the drone's material parts, each endowed
with a distinct spatial boundary, are assembled in a coherent, stabilized
form, its discursive components are often consolidated into a linear
narrative -- outfitted with a beginning and an end.  Which story to
believe and invest in?  One will most likely prevail:  a descriptive
phrase, like a material part, seeks consistency, endurance, and relevance,
of which those that work best for the task at hand, or become most useful,
achieve a higher degree.
At the onset of the El Paso crash, Mexican officials were pressed to
speak.  Citing national security concerns, they dodged the inquiries --
replying, as most government officials do, that all information related to
unmanned aircraft systems is classified as restricted.  The dodging is
typical.  Governments will disclose the nature and quantity of their UAV
operations and arsenals only when hard pressed, and only when drones drift
