
@_date: 1997-05-31 03:58:28
@_author: Jeff Burchell 
@_subject: Continuing spam from vulis 
Be careful when you say "Complete lack of response".  You've got no idea
what I did and didn't do once I got your message.
I have previously talked with the operator of the cypherpunks list (this
was about 2 months ago when someone else was abusing the remailer to post
trash to that list). At that time, I offered the standard good will
gesture that remailer operators can offer: "Would you like me to block the
list, so this remailer won't send anything to it".  Because of the nature
of anonymous remailers, this is about the extent of the action that I can
take. To this, I recieved a very firm "no!" (cypherpunks is of course a list
where people do have good reasons to use remailers).  Because of that, I
_WON'T_ block cypherpunks, until I am instructed to by May, Gilmore,
Hughes, et.al. Period.  This holds true for all mailing lists. I need to
have authorization from the list maintainer to block the list.  I have added your address to my block list, this remailer won't send
anything directly to you in the future.  If you don't want to read
anything from this mailer that comes across lists, then you should either
manually delete anonymous messages before reading them (the headers and
return address make it obvious when a message has come through a
remailer), or turn on some client-side mail filters.  Your own company
makes a product with adaquate functionality to do this. Operator... Huge.cajones.com
P.S.  Besides... aren't ad hominum attacks on Tim May a Cypherpunks
      tradition?
P.P.S.  Isn't there a non-flames moderated cypherpunks?  Perhaps you
        want to be on that list instead of the free-for-all.

@_date: 1997-05-31 06:06:04
@_author: Jeff Burchell 
@_subject: Continuing spam from vulis 
Thanks, those were the addresses that Mr. Pomes sent his message to
including my employer and the abuse address for my employer's provider.
Since he was accusing me of being unresponsive, I figured I should
probably send my response to those folks as well.
At the time it was whomever was moderating the non-flames list, before
that it was probably John Gilmore, because he runs toad.com where it used
to be hosted.  I haven't been on cypherpunks since I was in college, or
really paid much attention to it.  I can probably dig through my mail
archive to find out exactly who I corresponded with, because my memory for
names is horrible, but frankly I'm lazy, and don't really want to do this. Standard Policy.  Some people don't want to get anonymous mail, and my
remailer (and all others to my knowlege) has the capability of blocking
mail sent to particular addresses. If the address is a mailing list, I
require the maintainer of the list to actually request the block. Most lists have a single person (or group of people) who informally "run"
the list.  Often it's whomever is administrating the machine that is
acting as the list exploder, sometimes a list moderator, etc. etc. Admittedly, I did pull those names out of mostly thin air, as they are the
people who I feel can speak most authoritatively for the wishes of the
list.  Cypherpunks is an unusual example of a list without an authority
(or with lots of authorities, depending on how you look at it). But, really, in the unlikely event that I got mail from one of those three
asking for the cypherpunks list to be blocked, I would be likely to honor
it. I seriously doubt that this would ever happen, though. Agreed (and no disrespect taken).  My posting was a quick comment stating
why I refuse to tell my remailer not to mail to the cypherpunks list. Shit, if any mailing list should be anonymous-mail friendly it should be
this one.
Exactly... The reason that blocking by source or destination exists is to
keep the remailers operating, and the remailer operators out of court.  In
an ideal world, everyone would be comfortable with the concept of
anonymity and blocking techniques would be unnecessary.  Right now that
isn't the case, and I don't see this changing for the better anytime soon.
So, I have to have policies like "if you want a block, send me mail from
the account you want blocked, if you want a mailing list blocked, then get
whomever is in charge of the list to contact me."
I don't (and can't) block anything based on content... it's either all or
nothing.  In other words, I can't tell the remailer not to send anti-Tim
May postings unless I tell it not to send anything at all.  I know better
than to think that you or most cypherpunks readers want this.
We're on the same page, Tim.
