
@_date: 2000-09-22 13:08:41
@_author: Jeff.Hodges at kingsmountain.com 
@_subject: CDR: re: superpolynomialsubexponentialruntimes 
So that was a hilarious bit @ the RSA patent expiry party last night. Are you going to post the complete set of lyrics somewheres?

@_date: 2000-09-22 13:59:55
@_author: Jeff.Hodges at kingsmountain.com 
@_subject: CDR: video of EFF end-of-RSA ball in SF? 
So, there was a person in the audience last night with a video camera & laptop rig who was recording the talks into (apparently) Real format. I asked him if he was streaming it out live and he said "no, no decent connection from here, I'll put it 'up' afterwards."   I wasn't nosy (enough?) and didn't ask where. So does anyone know which site it might appear on?

@_date: 2007-12-23 17:24:47
@_author: ' =JeffH ' 
@_subject: 2008: The year of hack the vote? 
2008: The year of hack the vote?
December 17th, 2007
Posted by Larry Dignan @ 2:12 am
The state of Ohio has released a comprehensive study of voting machine
security and the report will have you longing for paper.
A 334-page PDF report from the Ohio Secretary of State reveals insufficient
security, poor implementation of security technology, lax auditing and shoddy
software maintenance. The report, which covers voting systems from Election
Systems and Software (ES&S), Hart InterCivic and Premier Election Solutions
formerly known as Diebold, was conducted by Ohio\u2019s EVEREST (Evaluation and
Validation of Election-Related Equipment, Standards and Testing) initiative in
conjunction with research teams from Penn State, University of Pennsylvania
and WebWise Security.
The EVEREST report was released Dec. 7 and I found it via Slashdot. Overall,
the report really raises questions about election systems. Buffer overflows, encryption, audit problems and firmware issues abound. One machine, the
M100, from ES&S accepts counterfeit ballots. The Premier AV-TSX allows an
unauthenticated user to read or tamper with its memory. The Hart EMS has audit
logs that can be erased.
In fact, the first 17 pages of the report\u2013essentially the table of contents\u2013is an
indictment of these systems. To make matters worse, these machines don\u2019t constantly. That means malicious software could be planted and not turn up election time. These machines aren\u2019t patched regularly either.
The report is too massive to detail completely here, but at a high level here the takeaways from the EVEREST report:
    * Systems uniformly stunk at security and \u201cfailed to adequately address important threats against election data and processes.\u201d
    * A root cause of these security failures was \u201cpervasive mis-application of security technology.\u201d Standard practices for cryptography, key and password management and security hardware go ignored.
    * Auditing capabilities are a no show. \u201cIn all systems, the logs of election practices were commonly forgeable or erasable by the principals who they were intended to be monitoring.\u201d Translation: If there\u2019s an attack the lack of auditing means you can\u2019t isolate or recover from the     * Software maintenance practices \u201cof the studied systems are deeply flawed.\u201d The EVEREST report calls the election software Why would these machines be so enticing as a target? You could swing an
entire election, produce incorrect results, block groups of voters, cast doubt on an election or delay results. And it may not take a brain surgeon to alter these systems. The EVEREST teams reported that they were able to subvert every voting system and not be detected \u201cwithin a few weeks.\u201d Meanwhile, the EVEREST teams found the issues with only limited access since vendors weren\u2019t exactly cooperative (Section 2.4 of the PDF has the details).
The researchers say:
    Any argument that suggests that the attacker will somehow be less capable     knowledgeable than the reviewer teams, or that they will not be able to reverse engineer the systems to expose security flaws is not grounded in fact.
As for the attackers, EVEREST ranks the following folks in ascending order of     * Outsiders have no special access to voting equipment, but could affect equipment to an extent that it is connected to the Internet. All of the systems reviewed run Microsoft Windows and occasionally connect to the Internet. In addition, an attacker could create a counterfeit upgrade disk and mail it to install malware.
    * Voters have limited and partially supervised access to voting systems while casting a vote.
    * Poll workers have extensive access to polling place equipment, management terminals before, during and after voting. They can authorize who votes and who doesn\u2019t and opportunities to tamper with equipment abound.
    * Election officials have extensive access to back-end election systems and voting equipment. Access is only loosely supervised if at all. One possibility: Bad software prompts election officials to \u201ccorrect\u201d     * Vendor employees have access to the hardware and source code of system during development. Employees may also be on site to assist workers and election officials. \u201cSome vendors use third-party maintenance and election day support whose employees are not tightly regulated,\u201d according to EVEREST.
Add it up and any hack the vote opportunities will most likely be an inside job of some sort. The attacks may or may not be detectable.

@_date: 2007-02-23 02:27:31
@_author: Jeff.Hodges at KingsMountain.com 
@_subject: governmental datamining: Going to Canada? Check your past 
for IP if you wish.
Going to Canada? Check your past
Tourists with minor criminal records turned back at border
C.W. Nevius
Friday, February 23, 2007
There was a time not long ago when a trip across the border from the
States to Canada was accomplished with a wink and a wave of a driver's
license. Those days are over.
Take the case of 55-year-old Lake Tahoe resident Greg Felsch. Stopped
at the
border in Vancouver this month at the start of a planned five-day ski
trip, he
was sent back to the United States because of a DUI conviction seven
ago. Not that he had any idea what was going on when he was told at
"Your next stop is immigration.''
Felsch was ushered into a room. "There must have been 75 people in
line," he
says. "We were there for three hours. One woman was in tears. A guy
was sent
back for having a medical marijuana card. I felt like a felon with an
Or ask the well-to-do East Bay couple who flew to British Columbia
this month
for an eight-day ski vacation at the famed Whistler Chateau, where
rooms run
to $500 a night. They'd made the trip many times, but were surprised
at the
border to be told that the husband would have to report to "secondary''
There, in a room he estimates was filled with 60 other concerned
travelers, he
was told he was "a person who was inadmissible to Canada.'' The
problem? A
conviction for marijuana possession.
In 1975.
Welcome to the new world of border security. Unsuspecting Americans are
turning up at the Canadian border expecting clear sailing, only to
find that
their past -- sometimes their distant past -- is suddenly an issue.
Archives: Powered by Listbox: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-07-06 07:20:55
@_author: Jeff.Hodges at KingsMountain.com 
@_subject: Can cryptography prevent printer-ink piracy? 
Can cryptography prevent printer-ink piracy?
Zack Melich writes with news of a new front about to open in the war  manufacturers wage with cartridge counterfeiters, refillers, and  hackers. A San Francisco company, Cryptography Research Inc., is  designing a
crypto chip to marry cartridges to printers. There's no word so far  that any
printer manufacturer has committed to using it.
Quoting: "The company's chips use cryptography designed to make it  harder for
printers to use off-brand and counterfeit cartridges. CRI plans to  create a
secure chip that will allow only certain ink cartridges to  communicate with
certain printers. CRI also said that the chip will be designed that  so large
portions of it will have no decipherable structure, a feature that would
thwart someone attempting to reverse-engineer the chip by examining  it under a
microscope to determine how it works. 'You can see 95 percent of the  grid and you still don't know how it works,' said Kit Rodgers, CRI's  president of business development. Its chip generates a separate,  random code
for each ink cartridge, thus requiring a would-be hacker to break every
successive cartridge's code to make use of the cartridge."
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2010-09-30 15:30:11
@_author: =JeffH 
@_subject: Wrong Direction on Privacy - using NSLs to obtain communication transactional 
another facet of The Administration's "We Hear You" efforts..
Wrong Direction on Privacy
Susan Landau
The White House wants to make it easier for the FBI to get at your email and web browsing records; the plan is to make transactional information surrounding your Internet communications --- the to/from information and the times and dates of those communications --- subject to National Security Letters (NSLs), meaning the FBI could get these records without going through a judge.
NSLs were created in 1978 to give FBI investigators an easy way to obtain  various business records, including the transactional information of phone  records (not the content, which is subject to more stringent protections). The "easy" part of NSLs is that no courts are involved in issuing an NSL; the bureau does so itself. FBI guidelines require NSLs to be issued only on a written request of an FBI Special Agent in Charge (or other specially delegated senior FBI official), and there are four approval steps in the Originally NSLs were to be used against foreign powers and people believed to be their agents. But proving someone was an agent of a foreign power was not all that easy, and NSLs were rarely used. That situation changed with the PATRIOT Act, which allowed NSLs to be used to gather information relevant to international terrorism cases. In an Orwellian touch, under the PATRIOT Act the bureau could require that the recipient of an NSL keep the order secret. NSL numbers shot up; between 2003-2006, the FBI issued 192,000 NSLs. Many were to phone companies. Why is clear; knowing who the bad guys are communicating with leads to untangling plots, often before law enforcement understands exactly what the plot might be. Such appears to be what happened, for example, in the case of Najibullah Zazi, who recently pled guilty to a plot to bomb the New York City subways.
At first in the initial aftermath of September 11th, telephone company workers were sharing offices with the FBI Communications Assistance Unit, and many times the required procedures went by the wayside. And instead of NSLs, the FBI begun using "exigent letters'' requesting immediate access to telephone records with claims to the phone companies that the appropriate subpoenas were in process. Many times that wasn't true. Sometimes there wasn't even a paper trail for the requests; they were just issued verbally. Dates and other specifics were often missing from the requests, which meant law enforcement got many more months of data than there was need for.
Why does this matter? It turns out that communications transactional  information is remarkably revelatory. When NSLs were created in 1978, phones were fixed devices, and the information of who was calling whom provided a useful past history of behavior. The information is much richer with mobile devices; knowing who is calling whom, or whose cellphone is repeatedly located in the same cellphone sector as whose, provides invaluable information --- information that is simultaneously remarkably invasive. Transactional data reveals who spends time together, what an organization's structure is, what business or political deals might be occurring. ...
