
@_date: 1997-11-26 00:50:43
@_author: Michael Sims 
@_subject: Dear subscribers 
Dear subscribers to the Cypherpunks list --
Giwer, a name I hope many of you will recognize.  On the F-C list, he
is now the origin of perhaps 25% of the traffic, as much as 50% some
days, most of which are standard, clueless, trolling, or lying
responses which are designed to suck people into endless replies
like those on what the Anonymizer does or does not do.  William
Geiger writes, "Absolutly, I can't beleive that Mikhael is *that*
clueless."  Well, yes.  When you're trying to troll, you are that
clueless.  We here on the F-C list are hoping to sort of ignore him
and hope he'll go away -- all I see of him are the number of
messages hitting my to-be-deleted folder and the endless replies
cross-posted from cypherpunks.
Giwer will even accuse *himself* of lying.
Please do the people on F-C a favor by not cross-posting any replies
that are off-topic for F-C, and hell, while I'm at it, by not
replying to Giwer at all for any reason.  If you're not careful
he'll join cypherpunks.

@_date: 1997-10-29 09:02:33
@_author: Michael Sims 
@_subject: (off-topic--delete now) Re: Search warrants and Senate hearing o 
Declan, every part of the "health-care market" that people are
complaining about, the parts of it that routinely and for fiscal
reasons violate people's privacy, are completely and utterly
dollar-driven and do not result from big nasty government making any
laws.  That HMO shlepping your medical record around to a dozen
adminstrators to decide whether or not to pay for your care?  Those
huge insecure insurance databases with information about what
diseses you're genetically susceptible to?  Those intrusive
questions and psychological screening tests at job interviews? Those urinalysis tests which screen for the presence of illegal
drugs, undisclosed prescription drugs and nicotine, with the
intention of firing you if *any* of the above test positive?  All are examples of a free market in health care information.
Oh, there are a few examples of government-caused privacy violations of health-care information.  I'm thinking of mandatory HIV/AIDS disclosure laws, Medicare information, and the fact that the government still hasn't figured out that putting all the health-care information they can get ahold of into a big database is a bad idea.  These can certainly represent gross threats to individuals' privacy.  (Haven't CDT and EPIC discussed this from time to time?  Though not extensively on either of the lists this is sent to, where it's assuredly off-topic.)  Yet, these aren't the abuses that people complain about /today/.
You're confusing services and information.
The US has the closest to a free-market in health-care information of any of the industrialized nations.  And people suffer for it every day.  You can say it's cool, it's Libertarianism in action, or you can think it stinks.
But don't try to blame those abuses on the government.
"All we need to ensure medical privacy is a return to the right of
contract. I pay Dr. Jones for his services and for his agreement to
not pass my medical file around to his buddies, or to sell it to
advertisers, or to let "counter-terrorism" agents snoop around in his
files. Sounds fair to me."
Tim, you've got that right today, with a few minor exceptions like
gunshot wounds.  You have it!  You can insist on only going to a
doctor, or only belonging to an HMO, that won't share your
information around town!  The government has nothing to do with it! This "problem" you're talking about is solely a market failure
resulting from a nearly-pure, barely-adulterated free-market --- completely confidential health services are hard to obtain because they cost more and there isn't a sufficient market!  Those privacy violations occur because it helps companies make a profit, which outweighs your measly privacy concerns!
Gawd, libertarians complaining about a market failure.  I may cry.

@_date: 1997-10-30 07:40:18
@_author: Michael Sims 
@_subject: (off-topic--delete now) Re: Search warrants and Senate heari 
Now let's see here.  You've posted to this list (F-C) a half dozen times in the last few months, each time with a different name and with a different and invalid return address.  And you speak of reputation capital?  Go tell your mommy you've been bad.
I see you've succumbed to the tunnel vision, selective blindness of the libertarian sect.  Repeat after me: just because we live in a society with a government, doesn't mean that everything you don't like is the government's fault and that all problems will be solved by the mythical free-market beast if only the evil government would leave it alone.
Feel free to point out a counter-example.  I wrote quickly, and without research - perhaps I'm wrong.

@_date: 1998-02-12 04:11:31
@_author: Michael Sims 
@_subject: "Corporations selling your ass down the road for a dollar" 
[to cypherpunks for no apparent reason]
Except, of course, that *businesses* count as individuals in a libertarian world.  Yes, the corporation, that creation wholly of government, becomes a sort of super-individual - and of course all individuals are equal, but some are just a bit more equal.
When I see a libertarian calling for an elimination of all forms of corporations and a return to sole proprietorships and straight partnerships as the only form of business, then I'll know he's ideologically consistent.  Until then, pro-business is the only reasonable way to describe the twisted rationale behind Which brings me back to my original point - the AIM representation at the aforementioned hearings.  In Libber-land, there's nothing reprehensible there.  Corporations are lobbying for their "individual rights", one of them being the right to make maximum profit by eliminating/marginalizing competitors.  Of course the rights they are lobbying for may infringe on some others' rights, perhaps in schools or libraries which receive federal funds, but hey, that's life for you.  Every individual has an equal chance.  And after all, freedom to speak and receive information is just a preference - some people prefer to receive more of it than others.
But very very little time complaining about the *existence* of corporations whose primary function is to shield the important folks who run and fund the corporation from the consequences of their actions.  Come on!  This should be a primary offense!  Individuals with no responsibility!
Heavens, Declan, you're right!  All those companies selflessly creating a network between universities and defense sites, not seeking a return in five years but looking well into the future..... Let us praise the foresight of those companies.  What were their names again?
