
@_date: 2003-12-30 10:41:19
@_author: Jerrold Leichter 
@_subject: [camram-spam] Re: Microsoft publicly announces Penny Black  PoW 
References: (The use of memory speed leads to an interesting notion:  Functions that are
designed to be differentially expensive on different kinds of fielded hardware.
On a theoretical basis, of course, all hardware is interchangeable; but in
practice, something differentially expensive to calculate on an x86 will remain
"expensive" for many years to come.)
In fact, such things are probably pretty easy to do - as was determined during
arguments over the design of Java.  The original Java specs pinned down
floating point arithmetic exactly:  A conforming implementation was required
to use IEEE single- and double-precision arithmetic, and give answers
identical at the bit level to a reference implementation.  This is easy to do
on a SPARC.  It's extremely difficult to do on an x86, because x86 FP
arithmetic is done to a higher precision.  The hardware provides only one way
to round an intermediate result to true IEEE single or double precision:
Store to memory, then read back.  This imposes a huge cost.  No one could find
any significantly better way to get the bit-for-bit same results on an x86.
(The Java standards were ultimately loosened up.)
So one should be able to define an highly FP-intensive, highly numerically
unstable, calculation all of whose final bits were considered to be part of
the answer.  This would be extremely difficult to calculate rapidly on an
Conversely, one could define the answer - possibly to the same problem - as
that produced using the higher intermediate precision of the x86.  This would
be very hard to compute quickly on machines whose FP hardware doesn't provide
exactly the same length intermediate results as the x86.
One can probably find problems that are linked to other kinds of hardware. For
example, the IBM PowerPC chip doesn't have generic extended precision values,
but does have a fused multiply/add with extended intermediate values.
Some machines provide fast transfers between FP and integer registers; others
require you to go to memory.  Vector-like processing - often of a specialized,
limited sort intended for graphics - is available on some architectures and
not others.  Problems requiring more than 32 bits of address space will pick
out the 64-bit machines.  (Imagine requiring lookups in a table with 2^33
entries.  8 Gig of real memory isn't unreasonable today - a few thousand
dollars - and is becoming cheaper all the time.  But using it effectively on a
the 32-bit machines out there is very hard, typically requiring changes to
the memory mapping or segment registers and such, at a cost equivalent to
hundreds or even thousands of instructions.)

@_date: 2003-10-13 11:07:10
@_author: Jerrold Leichter 
@_subject: Software protection scheme may boost new game sales 
References: You should read the article - the quote is misleading.  What they are doing is
writing some "bad data" at pre-defined points on the CD.  The program looks
for this and fails if it finds "good" data.
However ... I agree with your other points.  This idea is old, in many
different forms.  It's been broken repeatedly.  The one advantage they have
this time around is that CD readers - and, even more, DVD readers; there is
mention of applying the same trick to DVD's - is, compared to the floppy
readers of yesteryear, sealed boxes.  It's considerably harder to get at the
raw datastream and play games.  Of course, this cuts both ways - there are
limits to what the guys writing the protection code can do, too.
The real "new idea" here has nothing to do with how they *detect* a copy - it's
what they *do* when they detect it.  Rather than simply shut the game down,
the degrade it over time.  Guns slowly stop shooting straight, for example.
In the case of DVD's, the player works fine - but stops working right at some
peak point.  Just like the guy on the corner announcing "first hit's free",
they aim to suck you in, then have you running out to get a legit copy to
save your character's ass - or find out how "The One" really lives through
it all.  This will probably work with a good fraction of the population.
Actually, this is a clever play on the comment from music sharers that they
get a free copy of a song, then buy the CD if they like the stuff.  In effect,
what they are trying to do is make it easy to make "teasers" out of their
stuff.  There will be tons of people copying the stuff in an unsophisticated
way - and only a few who will *really* break it.  Most people will have no
quick way to tell whether they are getting a good or a bad copy.  And every
bad copy has a reasonable chance of actually producing a sale....

@_date: 2004-04-09 16:30:27
@_author: Jerrold Leichter 
@_subject: voting 
References: The VoteHere system is really quite clever, and you're attacking it for not
being the same as everything that went before.
Current systems - whether paper, machine, or whatever - provide no inherent
assurance that the vote you cast is the one that got counted.  Ballot boxes
can be lost, their contents can be replaced; machines can be rigged.  We
use procedural mechanisms to try to prevent such attacks.  It's impossible to
know how effective they are:  We have no real way to measure the effectiveness,
since there is no independent check on what they are controlling.  There are
regular allegations of all kinds of abuses, poll watchers or no.  And there
are plenty of suspect results.
a)  Receipts in the VoteHere system are *not* used for recounts.  No receipt
that a user takes away can possibly be used for that - the chances of you being
able to recover even half the receipts a day after the election are probably
about nil.  Receipts play exactly one role:  They allow a voter who wishes to
to confirm that his vote actually was tallied.
b)  We've raised "prevention of voter coercion" on some kind of pedestal.
The fact is, I doubt it plays much of a real role.  If someone wants to coerce
voters, they'll use the kind of goons who collect on gambling debts to do it.
The vast majority of people who they try to coerce will be too frightened to
even think about trying to fool them - and if they do try, will lie so
unconvincingly that they'll get beaten up anyway.  Political parties that want
to play games regularly bring busloads of people to polling places.  They
don't check how the people they bus in vote - they don't need to.  They know
who to pick.
However, if this really bothers you, a system like this lets you trade off
non-coercion and checkability:  When you enter the polling place, you draw a
random ball - say, using one of those machines they use for lotteries.  If the
ball is red, you get a receipt; if it's blue, the receipt is retained in a
sealed box (where it's useless to anyone except as some kind of cross-check of
number of votes cast, etc.)  No one but you gets to see the color of the ball.
Now, even if you are being coerced and get a red ball, you can simply discard
the receipt - the polling place should have a secure, private receptacle; or
maybe you can even push a button on the machine that says "Pretend I got a
blue ball" - and claim you got a blue ball.  The fraction of red and blue
balls is adjustable, depending on how you choose to value checkability vs.
In VoteHere's system, you can't possibly verify that every vote that went into
the total was correctly handled.  You can verify that the votes *that the
system claims were recorded* are actually counted correctly.  And you can
verify that *your* vote was actually recorded as you cast it - something you
can't do today.  The point of the system is that any manipulation is likely to
hit someone who chooses to verify their vote, sooner or later - and it only
takes one such detected manipulation to start an inquiry.
Whether in practice people want this enough to take the trouble ... we'll have
to wait and see.
On what basis should an average voter trust today's systems?  How many people
have any idea what safeguards are currently used?  How many have any personal
contact with the poll watchers on whom the system relies?  Could *you* verify,
in any meaningful sense, the proper handling of a vote you cast?  Could you
watch the machines/boxes/whatever being handled?  Unless you're in with the
local politicians, don't bet on it.
Actually, it makes no difference at all.  The algorithms are public, and all
the data that goes into the calculations are published after the election.
Anyone can implement the algorithms themselves and re-run all the calculations.
There are conceivable attacks on the various random number generators, which
could be used to reveal information that the system is supposed to keep secret
- but I don't think they can be used to change the election results.  This is
one place where the system could use some kind of "hardening", but it seems
very amenable to procedural fixes - e.g., each major party contributes a
"randomization module" that it trusts, and the results are combined.  Each
randomization module is also allowed to say "I want this result checked", at
random every k votes or so, *after* the combiner has produced its value.  When
any randomization module says that, all the inputs and the combiners output
are printed, then not used.  These values are published after the election,
and a bad combiner will quickly reveal itself.

@_date: 2004-04-16 16:57:58
@_author: Jerrold Leichter 
@_subject: voting 
References: I did nothing of the sort.  With respect to voter coercion, I did raise the
question of how absolute a value it was.  Since mathematics tends to provide
clearcut yes/no answers, we tend to insist on them in the real world, too -
but the real world is rarely so simple.
I also pointed out that voter coercion could be dealt with within VoteHere's
framework by trading it off against the vote verifiability which is the new
feature they bring to the table (by only giving some fraction of voters a
I didn't mention recountability.  VoteHere's method is equivalent to everyone
else's here:  Keep unalterable logs of data "as close to the vote as possible".
This basically doesn't exist in systems today.  Consider paper ballots: How do
you guarantee that the ballots are adequately shuffled?  If they aren't,
anyone keeping track of the order that voters cast ballots might be able to
come up with a reasonably accurate assignment of ballots to voters. This
problem applies to many related systems.  Consider the "paper under glass"
proposals for recounting:  The "obvious" way to do that is is to print onto a
roll of paper and just wind it up on a roll after printing.  But that's really
bad, because it *guarantees* the ordering.  Are those calling for such systems
ensuring that the vendors who provide them actually cut apart the individual
records?  Even if they do that, how are they guaranteeing an adequate shuffle
of those records?  Just dropping them into a big box is terrible; certainly,
those who vote very early or very late get very little privacy.
Interestingly enough, proper shuffling of the votes is very much a central
concern of systems like VoteHere's!
The only system that "by the laws of nature" avoids this kind of attack is
the mechanical voting machine, which inherently only stores vote totals, not
individual votes.  But these are big, complicated machines.  Why should you
trust that the totals are kept correctly?  How could you check?  How many
people in the world have the competence to examine the mechanical details of
such a device?  How does that compare to the number of programmers who can
examine C code?  Is there really all that much of a difference between the
complexity/verifiability of such a machine, and of a programmed box where
*all* the code, including the compilers and other tools, is publically
available?  Yes, I know all about the attack in Dennis Ritchie's ACM paper.
But this, too, can be defended against by checking the generated code - or
pretty much prevented by using a compiler that was in existence before the
software development began.  In any case, these days, the mechanical systems
could be compromised by what is an analogous attack (of going to a different
level of abstraction):  Sure, that *looks* like a solid brass 50-tooth gear,
but maybe there's a tiny motor embedded inside that makes it act in a very
non-classical fashion under radio control....

@_date: 2004-10-21 14:09:19
@_author: Jerrold Leichter 
@_subject: Printers betray document secrets 
References:   <6.0.3.0.0.20041020222838.0439a390
Actually, they say they can identify the make and model - which is about all
you could do with a typewriter.  Going further, in either case, means tying a
particular piece of text to a particular writing instrument to which you have
gained access.
Changing printer cartridges will certainly work, but then again simply replac-
ing the typewriter will, too.  Any identification of physical objects can only
work as long as the physical object isn't replaced.  In practice, there's a
great deal of inertia in replacing physical objects, for cost, convenience, and
other reasons.  So such identifications may still be useful.
A bullet can't be tied to a gun's serial number, but that doesn't make it
useless to examine bullets.
The technique is based on variations in dot pattern that ultimately come down
to small variations in mechanical parts, usually the gears that drive the
paper.  Laser printer cartridges are deliberately designed so that (just
about) all moving/wearing parts are part of the cartridge.  So most variations
in the results are necessarily tied to the cartridge.  That's not true for ink
jets. While the paper describing all this isn't yet available, from what is
published I don't think they are making any claims about inkjets, just laser
printers. However, they seem to believe the same general approach - look for
variations due to variations in manufacture that don't produce artifacts that
are visible to the naked eye, so don't need to be and hence are not controlled
- would work.  Whether the source of the variation would be in the ink
cartridge or in the fixed mechanicals, who can say at this point.
Actually, this would probably be noticable in certain pictures.  But slight
variations in pixel spacing - which is what these guys look for - is not
visible.  (In fact, the origin of this work seems to have been work in the
opposite direction:  Early laser printers had a problem with banding, due to
periodic variations in paper movement causing variations in pixel spacing.
The trick was to find out how much variation you could allow without visible
artifacts and then get to that level cheaply.  But there is still plenty of
variation left for appropriate software to find.)  You could probably play
games with pixel sizes, too.
One could say the same about most physical objects that end up being used
for identification.  You would think that fibers would be useless for
identification, for example - you can always throw out the clothing you were
wearing and buy a new tee shirt.  Still ... the real world has a great deal
of inertia.

@_date: 2005-03-03 17:31:28
@_author: Jerrold Leichter 
@_subject: I'll show you mine if you show me, er, mine 
References: The description has virtually nothing to do with the actual algorithm proposed.  Follow the link in the article -  - for an actual - if informal - description.
