
@_date: 2002-08-03 10:11:32
@_author: John 
@_subject: No subject 
WHOLESALE SOURCES 2002
FIND OVER 1,000,000 PRODUCTS
The most useful Wholesale Source Guide ever put together... Save up to 90% on over ONE MILLION top quality brand-name products.
Get low wholesale prices directly from Wholesalers, Distributors, Vendors, and Liquidators. Eliminate the middleman!
This guide is perfect for entrepreneurs that do business on the Internet, mail order, flea markets, or simply want to buy products for themselves at wholesale Here is just a sample of the products you can get at wholesale prices using our guide:
Computers  Jewelry
Household Goods
Sporting Goods
We will supply you with the following sources:
American Wholesalers - Thousands and thousands of American companies that will sell you virtually any item you can think of at low wholesale prices.
American Dropshippers - These companies will drop-ship their products right to your customers so you don't need to stock an inventory!
Philippines Sources - easily buy from the Philippines at the lowest wholesale prices possible.
Oriental Sources - Buy at low, low prices direct from Oriental countries like Korea, Malaysia, China, India, Thailand, Indonesia and Singapore.
Hong Kong Sources - The US dollar is very valuable in Hong Kong and their factories produce thousands of products at low giveaway prices.
Mexico Sources - this is a gold mine of products. Mexico is noted for their fine silver jewelry and you will have access to thousands of factories that will supply you with real profit making products.
Taiwan Sources - these are manufacturers that want to sell thousands of different products to you at unbelievable low prices.
Closeout Sources - Thousands of Close out companies ready to liquidate their merchandise at below wholesale prices!
You will have access to thousands of wholesale sources where you can find over ONE MILLION products and wholesale products.
All for Only
Discover the immense profits just waiting for you when using these wholesale sources.
To order,
Send  $10 U.S. CASH
Your E-Mail Address
Publications International
Attn: Tess DeShaw
P. O. Box 330547
Ft. Worth, TX  76163
