
@_date: 2006-02-03 10:00:00
@_author: Jaap-Henk Hoepman 
@_subject: Face and fingerprints swiped in Dutch biometric passport crack 
Actually, the international standards for the Machine Readable Travel
(passports, aka MRTDs) are written by the International Civil Aviation
Organisation (ICAO).
Both the US and EU passports comply to the ICAO standards. However, EU
passports will be further protected by a so called Extended Access Control
procedure. This procedure provides, among others, terminal authentication to
the passport, to reduce the risk that biometric data is read by rogue readers.
Also, there are many small details in which the passports from different
countries may differ. For instance, the 'RFID' anti-collision identifier used
when setting up a connection between the passport and the reader may either
fixed or generated randomly for each session. Or, as is indeed the case in
Dutch passport, the passport number may correlate with the issuing date,
reducing the entropy of the key derived from the Machine Readbale Zone (MRZ).
The "Riscure" attack is based on this correlation; they estimate the
entropy of the data on the MRZ to be roughly 2^35. This MRZ data is used to
derive the symmetric session keys. Their attack works by recording (ie
eavesdropping) a succesful communication session between a passport and a
reader. Then, all possible combinations of the MRZ data can be tried off line
to generate the corresponding session keys and check whether that succesfully
decrypts the recorded session.
Note that straighforward skimming, ie trying to access a passport with a fake
terminal by trying all possible combinations of MRZ data is still impossible
because the chip in the passport is slow to respond; even if you could try
MRZ access code every millisecond (totally unrealistic), you'd be busy half a
year. This limits the usefulness of the attack a bit.
Also note that an encrypted key exchange like protocol for deriving the
key from the MRZ access code would also have prevented this attack...
majordomo at metzdowd.com
Jaap-Henk Hoepman           |  I've got sunshine in my pockets
Dept. of Computer Science   |  Brought it back to spray the day
Radboud University Nijmegen |        Gry "Rocket"
(w)        |  (m) jhh at cs.ru.nl
(t) +31 24 36 52710/53132   |  (f) +31 24 3653137
