
@_date: 1994-08-08 10:57:55
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: TOMMY THE TOURIST IS COMPROMISED DON'T USE IT 
I think I can shed light on the report: a guy posted a message through
the remailer addressed to BlackNet, and encrypted the message with PGP so
it could be read either by himself or by L. Detweiler's BlackNet key.  I
posted a response that mentioned the user ID associated with his key.  He
assumed I had penetrated the remailer, not realizing he had exposed his
key ID nor that his key was on a server.

@_date: 1994-12-07 13:38:39
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: PGP 2.6.2 
It's dated 7 Nov in ftp.ox.ac.uk:pub/crypto/pgp/* --
is that earlier than MIT got it?

@_date: 1994-12-08 18:53:02
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Breaking the NSA 
When I ported Adventure (the original 350-point version) to Unix in 1976 I
used a light interrupted-key Vigenere-like encryption on the database.  I
heard through a circuitous route a little later that some of the players
at NSA had found it easier (or perhaps more fun) to solve the database
than to solve the game.
In the next version (abt 1978) I used DES on the database (yes, I know
somebody could disassemble it and find where I left the key, but that's
not terribly trivial either for a program that size).  I never heard back
one way or the other whether they'd hacked it again.

@_date: 1994-12-10 15:56:15
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Big Brother database 
Sorry, your signature block doesn't check.  My Pentium says the version
number should actually be 3.14321865.
Hope this helps.

@_date: 1994-12-13 12:15:31
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: IDEA freeware 
If you're using PGP for non-commercial use, IDEA is free because it's
licensed for non-commercial PGP use.  I'm pretty confident that you need
to get a separate IDEA license with any new product you use it in,
commercial or not.
I have the e-mail contact address somewhere, and can post it if need be.

@_date: 1994-12-19 18:15:59
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Hiding strings in objects code 
Yes, I did too -- it was 0x81.  I think my message of worm passwords was
the first to make it out, along with my Perl script to try out your own
password file.  Yes, Perl was already around.
What method you use in your program depends on your model of your
opponent.  If it's somebody only mildly interested, flipping the bits is
fine.  For a slightly higher level of anxiety, you could use Vigenere-like
stuff -- XORing with a short key (8 bytes at a time with long longs if
you're in gcc, for example), or use a longer key and restart now and then
(interrupted key).  For the next higher level, you might use DES and hide
the key in your data, making them disassemble it.  Next step... make your
code obscure.  After that... hardware.
You might want to study some virus code to see how they try to thwart
disassemblers and debuggers.

@_date: 1994-12-29 10:07:40
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Pentium FDIV 
Yes, but Prof. Nicely found the problem because he was using FDIV when
doing something or other with large potential primes.  For most of our
crypto stuff integer is fine, but for some operations on 33- to 50-bit
integers it may be faster to use the floating point ops, since IEEE fp is
supposed to be exact for integers up to some number of bits in the 50's.

@_date: 1994-07-02 10:01:13
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Password Difficulties 
I think it's quite likely to have 128 bits worth of keyfulness (no, that's
not a Term of Art).  Shannon estimated from experiments (people guessing
the next letter in connected standard English text) that English contains
about one bit of information per character.  The ungrammatical structures
and missing caps would add more bits to the data in those areas, so the
120 or so characters would yield more than 120 bits of information.
Guessing a long passphrase from a dictionary attack doesn't work, as you
can tell from some simple arithmetic: 22 words out of a 1,000-word
dictionary is like 10^66 possibilities, and 'worcestershire' wouldn't be
in the 1,000-word dictionary.  Note also that guessing keyphrases using
some kind of Markov algorithm isn't going to be easy, because unlike the
Shannon experiment you don't get any feedback on your trials until you
have every bloody bit right.  It requires enumerating all legal 128-byte
English sequences and testing each in turn.
It's much easier to use an attack like Tim suggested than to break even
a weakish passphrase (well, not as weak as "quick brown fox").  One example
would be infiltrating Cypherpunk PGP key-signing parties: write a TSR or
custom COMMAND.COM that will capture all keystrokes typed on your laptop,
and offer it to others for signing your key and others'.  Don't forget to
have any command that accesses the floppy disk check for a file called
"secring.pgp" and copy it to your hard drive under the name
c:\scratch\junk17.foo.  Remember, you're signing keys to verify that you
know who they are... not that you trust them.

@_date: 1994-07-02 16:16:54
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Passwords, passphrases, etc. 
Pedagogy rather than conspiracy -- you're reading the wrong books.  It's
easier to explain stuff to people in a language they understand, so they
can do the right things with guessing the middles of words and phrases,
extending key or plaintext islands, and so on.
Try Kullback's "Statistical Methods in Cryptanalysis", which does literary
and telegraphic English, as well as frequencies for French, German, Italian,
Japanese, Portuguese, Russian and Spanish; and digraphs for Czech, French,
German, Italian (military), Japanese, Polish, Spanish, and Swedish.
Sacco's "Manual of Cryptography" also has various languages, and Givierge
concentrates on French (as you might expect).  Military Cryptanalytics
part I vol 2 (Friedman and Callimahos) has lots of foreign language and
English stats: German, French, Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, and Russian.
The stats in Military Cryptanalytics Part III (the declassified parts)
include 24 languages.  All but the last are available from Aegean Park
Press, P.O. Box 2837, Laguna Hills CA 92654-0837, (714)586-8811.

@_date: 1994-07-06 19:30:41
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Electronic business 
The first what?  On 8 June 94 I sent a PGP message to ACM.ORG requesting an
account and enclosing a signed authorization to use my VISA card to set up
an account; inside the signed text I specified that I authorized charges
for one year's worth of mail forwarding.  I received a (non-PGP) receipt
the next day, and my account was active.  My message and the product were
both on the net.
If the payment in your transaction was in e$, then I don't have a
counterexample to your claim...

@_date: 1994-06-13 09:16:09
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: My 1984 t-shirt arrived 
Looks great: "1984 [eye]  we're behind schedule...  NSA" on the front and the
Cyber Rights Now fist on the back.
Thanks, John -- it's worth the wait.

@_date: 1994-06-30 18:45:27
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Devil's advocate 
I suppose this has been answered so often that it doesn't make sense to
scrub over it again, but I'll give a few short answers anyway.
Answer 1:
    Wrong question: Once you allow the question "What do you have to hide?"
    about your communications, you don't have a good place to stop the
    inquiries about the rest of your life.  Law enforcement should not be
    allowed to dictate that you behave in a way that will facilitate their
    surveillance; they need to show probable cause  starting their
    proceedings against you.
Answer 2:
    Sometimes the advances of science favor the police, and sometimes they
    don't -- luck of the draw.  LE has a lot of tools available that they
    didn't have a few decades ago, including DNA matching, fiber analysis,
    and cellular phone triangulation.  Crypto may reduce one way for them
    to read our mail, but they have others that weren't available before;
    if they have reasonable cause for a court order, let them roll in the
    Van Eck radiation van, plant bugs, sneak in and dump your hard disk,
    or whatever.
Answer 3:
    Clipper's a crappy idea anyway.  The escrow concept is expensive and
    wouldn't be used by criminals as long as it's voluntary; it provides a
    single point of attack for non-governmental bad guys; and any red-neck
    sheriff who can convince a judge to issue a court order can get keys
    without the escrow agency even knowing that they're handing over the
    keys for the Republican state committee's phone system.
That's all independent of whether you can trust Mykotronx and their
masters not to keep copies of the keys while they're making them before
they put them in escrow.

@_date: 1994-09-14 23:44:47
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: RC4 Legal Issues 
Does the answer to this question depend on whether it really was reverse
engineered, or is a direct lift from the original source code?

@_date: 1994-09-16 21:25:46
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: RC4 - A response from RSA Data Security, Inc. 
Let's count the entities that have acquired this information.  What're
the most recent valid Usenet survey numbers from Brian Reid about the
distribution of sci.crypt?
Collecting a dollar from each of these entities would pay the salaries
at RSA for a while...

@_date: 1994-09-17 09:44:38
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: if this is RC4 
It wouldn't explain the construct Hal pointed out, though:
Here it's either a bug or a no-op, so a decompiler wouldn't have produced it.

@_date: 1994-09-19 10:55:05
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: RC4 article in Saturday (Sept 17) New York Times 
Bidzos may not need to worry about this or ask damages for loss of export
status, if Michael Ernst spoke to the right people for the attached msg.
Newsgroups: sci.crypt
References: <1p7g2m$57g at bilbo.suite.com>
Sender: news at mintaka.lcs.mit.edu
Organization: MIT Lab for Computer Science
Lines: 15
The RC4 algorithm is also unpublished and also exportable at 40-bit key
strength.  A couple of weeks ago I asked NSA whether just RSADSI, or both
NSA and RSADSI, want to keep the algorithm secret.  NSA told me that they
would be delighted to see the algorithm published, but that RSADSI wanted
to keep it a trade secret, presumably to protect their intellectual property.
Given the parties involved, extra disclaimers must apply.

@_date: 1994-09-19 16:07:19
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Copyright enforcement through crypto 
If it displays on my current screen and PC, I can capture it with some
other software.  William Gibson's book "Agrippa" was tried this way (sort
of) and it didn't take long for it to get captured and posted.
If it uses some special-purpose hardware, it'll need to compete with existing
services: cable, rental laserdisks, and so on, and then I'll decide whether
to trade in my current computer and buy it.  I don't see the niche so far.

@_date: 1994-09-20 14:48:09
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: any CP going to the International Cryptography Institute this week? 
Here's a soft copy.  At least you can say it appears to present a consistent
point of view.  That should be good for the keynote speakers, Mr. Freeh and
Mr. Gore.  (The soft copy shows Mr. Glickman as the other keynote; a hardcopy
in front of me here shows Mr. Gore --I don't know which is more recent.)
$595 tuition -- that's more than Crypto '94, eh?
Newsgroups: talk.politics.crypto,sci.crypt,comp.security.misc
Distribution: world
Organization: Georgetown University
Lines: 186
        International Cryptography Institute 1994: Global Challenges
                          September 22-23, 1994
                       Ritz Carlton, Washington, DC
The International Cryptography Institute will focus on problems and
challenges associated with the use of cryptography within nations and
for international communications.  The Institute will address such
questions as:  What are the different national policies and regulations
governing cryptography and how might these evolve?  What cryptographic
technologies are on the market in different countries, what is being
used, and what is it being used for?  What problems is cryptography
causing law enforcement?  What are the requirements of businesses and
other organizations?  What are the new trends in cryptography and what
will be their impact on society?  What efforts are leading toward an
international cryptography framework?  The Institute is for government
officials, industry leaders, policy makers and analysts, researchers,
and users of cryptographic technologies.
                                  Program
September 22
8:45-9:00 Opening Remarks
Dorothy E. Denning, Chair of Program
James Chandler, President, National Intellectual Property Law Institute
9:00-9:30  The Challenges of International Crytography
Edward J. O'Malley, The OSO Group
Cryptography in the European Community
Christopher E. Sundt, ICL Secure Systems
Cryptography in the German Governmental Area
Ansgar Heuser, BSI
10:30-10:45 Break
Cryptography in Belgium
Els Lemmens, Belgian Office for Scientific, Technical and Cultural Affairs
The Use of Cryptography in Singapore
Kwok-Yan Lam, National University of Singapore
Seow-Hiong Goh, John Yong, National Computer Board
An Australian and South-East Asian View of Cryptography
William J. Caelli, Queensland University of Technology
12:15-1:45 Lunch with Keynote
The Honorable Dan Glickman, U.S. House of Representatives (invited)
GSM: Security for World-Wide Mobil Radio
Charles B. Brookston, British Telecomm
International Exchange of Digital Signatures in a Diversified World
Jean-Jacques Quisquater, University of Louvain
Creating Global Cryptographic Infrastructures
Sead Muftic, Stockholm University
3:15-3:30 Break
An International Cryptography Framework
Keith S. Klemba and Jim Schindler, Hewlett-Packard Co.
Experiments in International Cryptography and Software Key Escrow
Stephen T. Walker, Trusted Information Systems, Inc.
International Escrowed Encryption
Dorothy E. Denning, Georgetown University
John Droge, Mykotronx, Inc.
5:00-6:00 Reception
September 23
U.S. Government Cryptography Policy
Michael R. Nelson, Office of Science and Technology Policy
9:30-10:00 Domestic Regulation of the Exportation of Cryptography
James Chandler, National Intellectual Property Law Institute
Sue E. Eckert, U.S. Department of Commerce
10:30-10:45 Break
Rose Biancaniello, U.S. Department of State (invited)
World-Wide Availability of Cryptography Products
David Balenson, Trusted Information Systems, Inc.
12:00-1:30 Lunch with Keynote
Louis J. Freeh, Director, Federal Bureau of Investigation (invited)
1:30-2:45 International Regulation of Cryptography
James Chandler, National Intellectual Property Law Institute
Mark King, Communications-Electronics Security Group, United Kingdom
Alexander Patijn, Ministry of Justice, The Netherlands
William Wolfowicz, Fondazione Ugo Bordoni
2:45-3:00 Break
Cryptography in the Financial Industry
Mr. Mitsuru Iwamura, The Bank of Japan
Dr. Victor Panchenko, SignalRox, Russia (invited)
others TBA
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
                          Hotel and Registration A limited block of rooms has been reserved at The Ritz Carlton
Hotel at a special conference rate of $225 per night.  Reservations can
be made by calling or writing The Ritz Carlton Hotel, 2100
Massachusetts Ave., N.W., Washington, DC 20008, 202-293-2100.  Rooms
have also been reserved at the Ramada Plaza Hotel at the special rate
of $89.  Reservations can be made by calling or writing The Ramada
Plaza Hotel, 10 Thomas Circle, N.W., Washington, DC 20005,
Tuition is $595, $300 for government & academic, and $150 for
students.  Payment includes all course study materials and attendance
at all sessions of the course, two lunches, and a cocktail reception.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
      Registration Form For International Cryptography Institute
Payment (check one)
  __ Check payable to The National Intellectual Property Law Institute
  __  MasterCard  __  VISA
      Card       Expiration Date:
      Signature:
Registration by Fax: 800-304-MIND     Phone: 300-301-MIND
Mail Registration with payment to:
  The National Intellectual Property Law Institute
  1350 Eye Street, N.W., Suite 820, Washington, DC 20005
  Phone: 202-962-9494

@_date: 1994-09-23 11:47:09
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: National Research Council 
Disagree.  Looks balanced or perhaps even weighted toward good guys to me.
I haven't met many of them, but certainly Marty Hellman, Peter Neumann,
and Willis Ware are on the Good Guys side.  Willis (a colleague here at
RAND) is carefully neutral on the political stuff, but is strongly
pro-privacy.  I assume Sam Fuller is the guy who was on my thesis
committee back at C-MU 20 years ago, and he was sensible and non-political
then.  Another half dozen of them appear from credentials to be business
and academic.  Very few appear to be obvious government types.

@_date: 1994-09-28 15:04:44
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: 3DES 
OK -- if you want to retain compatibility with old 56-bit DES chips
in your same network, you can set a = b = c and get:
  Eaaa(x) = Ea(Da(Ea(x)))
using the first form, which reduces to Ea(x), or a single 56-bit DES
encryption instead of the 168 bits your TripleDES chip can handle.  The
second form doesn't have this property or any other useful property other
than standalone security, since DES isn't a group.

@_date: 1995-08-02 22:53:58
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: "The Net" 
Bad example -- it's a real interface to Unix for SGI machines, and you can
pick it up from their ftp site.  It made perfect sense for the girl (Lex?)
to be familiar with it...  I'm sure her doting grandfather (or whatever he
was) wouldn't have bought her a measly Sparcstation for her home computer.

@_date: 1995-08-11 02:14:55
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: More "S-1" foolishness 
To the extent that one can believe the comments, it's more than "possible":
they say that the F and G boxes differ in the S-2 version.  One reason for
doing it this way might be to isolate the sensitive actual values from
people doing analysis or development at a grosser level.  That doesn't
explain the [r] bug you spotted, of course.

@_date: 1995-08-16 11:07:10
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: SSL challenge -- broken ! 
So far it appears not to have had an effect.  The two web pages I know about
that track Netscape show it holding steady a point and a half above where it
opened.  Even the IF market on SSLW doesn't seem to be taking much notice of
it, despite my attempts at manipulating that market.

@_date: 1995-08-17 08:39:23
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: SSL challenge -- broken ! 
I note that Netscape is down 3 at the moment... cause and effect are hard
to identify, of course, since the stock has been waving around a lot since
its IPO a week ago.  In any case, provisional full marks to Perry.

@_date: 1995-08-17 10:11:38
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Idle compute cycles [Re: Netscape's Offical Response] 
Peter Shank said a lot of things I agree with in his response to Damien
Doligez' break of an SSL/RC4-40 transaction, and one thing that seems to
miss the point.
However, the cost of breaking it to Doligez was essentially nil.  The
machines to which he had access were otherwise idle, and no other users
were competing for them.  The virtually simultaneous break by David Byers
in the team led by Adam Back was the same: idle cycles.  In fact, Byers
was delayed because a real project needed cycles on that machine.
I would hazard a guess that 90% of the compute cycles in the world are used
running screen savers... this gives a  of slack for people who would
like to harness them to perform productive work like making points about
the strength of security.
I would have to say the marginal value of compute cycles is approximately
$0 until enough compute hogs come along to eat from the idle cycle trough.
Absolutely.  It's incredibly annoying that companies like Netscape who
understand how to get good transaction security have to settle for "almost
good enough" -- the computing cost of the extra security is almost nil.
Yes, but with idle cycles contributed by volunteers the decryption time
on a single RC4-40 message can very likely be reduced to a day or so at
no marginal cost to owners of existing machines... which is the whole point.
Cracking weak crypto is free, and can be combatted only by implementing
strong crypto.

@_date: 1995-08-17 12:50:00
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Cost to Crack Keys 
Actually, I do say that, but in a slightly different way.  If I want to
estimate the cost to get home from the airport, I might say "I have two
friends with cars who might give me a ride, or I could rent a car from
Hertz."  Most of the time a free car will be available; once in the last
couple of years I rented a car at the airport to get home.  My average
cost hasn't been zero, but has certainly been a lot less than $40 ($29
from National, but that's not important now).
Finding a cheap or free ride from one place to another should not be a
problem if you live in a city of helpful people driving to and fro in
vehicles with no passengers.
There are lots of free seats on the CPU bus today!
Share and enjoy...

@_date: 1995-08-17 15:20:08
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: More on Netscape 
Various people said:
Real-world DES implementations ignore those 8 "parity" bits.  DES uses
56 bits of key for encryption, and calling it a 64 bit key is misleading.
Triple DES (3DES) is an overloaded term.  It's used in 2- and 3-key
versions, for 112 and 168 bits of protection respectively.

@_date: 1995-08-17 17:30:36
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: I need exportable crypto revisited. 
That's my understanding also (as I told him in e-mail) but I haven't found
any legal justification for it.  I spent a while poring over the ITARs,
section XIII.b (ftp://ftp.cygnus.com/pub/export/itar.in.full), and I
didn't see anything that looked likely.  Maybe "ancillary equipment" in
XIII.b.5, but that seems a stretch and is not at all specific.
I note that hash algorithms for message authentication are specifically
excluded from control in XIII.b.1.vi, which conflicts with what I was told
by somebody who'd gotten a nastygram from Commerce.  Sort of a relief,
since I've been giving my SHA implementation away freely
Has anybody who's been impaled on the stinky end of this stick been told the
chapter and verse?

@_date: 1995-08-24 17:59:45
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Brute Squad [Re: SSL Challenge: Server problems] 
Live and/or learn -- looks like the performance is a little better now
that they're handing out bigger chunks.  The important thing is to learn
something new each time so the next one goes more smoothly.  Should be
nicer with hierarchical servers and so on for the next challenge... DES
or lobotomized DES or whatever.
Re: the title above.  Remember in "Princess Bride" where Prince Humperdinck
tells an underling to go search the forest and rout out the troublemakers?
When he complained of the difficulty, he was told to form a "brute squad".

@_date: 1995-12-02 02:06:58
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: CPunks in the news: St. Jude 
Today's (1 Dec 95) LA Times has a writeup on female "hackers", and gives
several sympathetic column-inches to St. Jude Milhon, a charter Cypherpunk.
Evidently she has a new book coming out (Girls with Modems?).

@_date: 1995-12-13 05:54:04
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Timing Cryptanalysis Attack 
Random delay may be harder to get perfect than constant time.  Note that
the actual time for the transaction is the minimum of all the transaction
times you measure, since you can't add a negative delay to them.  It's
presumably even easier if the random distribution is known.  Adding a
random delay means more transactions are required to find each new bit,
but information is still leaking.

@_date: 1995-12-18 15:32:02
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: What ever happened to... Cray Comp/NSA co-development 
Correction of one detail:
The BlackNet key break didn't have any MIT involvement: it was done by
Paul Leyland of Oxford, Arjen Lenstra of Bellcore, Alec Muffet of Sun UK,
and Jim Gillogly of Cypherpunks, RAND, and Gillogly Software in no
particular order.

@_date: 1995-02-04 17:52:44
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Vinge on PKE ? 
I don't recall the conversation, but it could refer to his recent novel
"A Fire Upon the Deep."  Our galaxy is divided into a number of zones where
computation can be easier or harder than in the particular section where
the Earth hangs out.  The fastest zones have computational ability so far
beyond what's physically possible in our zone that we don't understand it.
In this situation you can't trust your security to merely computationally
difficult problems like factoring large numbers: the denizens of the faster
zones could crack them faster than slower communicators could enumerate them.
The protagonists spent a fair amount of time on a courier ship that was
carrying as its cargo 1/3 of a one-time-pad, which was intended to get
to the buyer and be XORed with the other two pieces.  This was a valuable
cargo.  After it became clear that this 1/3 was potentially compromised it
was used for some important but less provably reliable communications.

@_date: 1995-02-08 13:44:12
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Judges-L FAQ 
A version of this FAQ with Message-ID <01050105.hhv9l1 at arch.ping.dk> was
posted from Stodolsky's machine in Denmark on 17 Dec 94 by
judges at arch.ping.dk to news.admin.* and misc.legal, asking for feedback
and asking for no distribution restrictions.  IANAL, but it looks to me
like your genie's out of the bottle.

@_date: 1995-02-08 14:11:36
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Jefferson Wheel Cypher 
Isn't that the same as Bazeries' Cylinder Cipher, where you have a bunch of
disks with mixed alphabets around the edges, you put them on a rod in some
order, set the plaintext along a row, then read the ciphertext off any
other row?  If so, a short paper of mine was just printed in "The
Cryptogram" (JF95 issue) about cryptanalyzing it.  A US military field
cipher was based on the Jefferson version; I handled a copy (with metal
disks) in the National Cryptologic Museum just outside Ft. Meade last
summer.  There may even be an Aegean Park Press publication on it.  The
servicemen hated it -- fiddling with all the disks in the heat of battle
made it cumbersome for tactical use.
If it's as I describe, I'd call it a multiple-key polyalphabetic: keyed
alphabets, keyed order, and (potentially ambiguous) offset key for
deciding how far around the cylinder to go.  The period is how many disks
you have, since they stay in the same order (but with different relative
offset) for the whole message.  It's not really an autokey under the
Meaning of the Act, since there's no feed-forward from one letter to the next.
I'm sure Kahn's "The Codebreakers" will have more info.

@_date: 1995-02-13 17:11:09
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Excel 5 Encryption 
Accessdata of Orem Utah (1-800-658-5199) sells cracks for many of them.
So does John Kuslich (602-863-9274); I think his prices are lower.
I don't personally known or endorse either of 'em.
I append a message with some code for doing 4.0 -- I haven't tried it, and
don't know if it works for 5.0.  It's in Basic, but I didn't perpetrate it.
Newsgroups: alt.security
Path: rand.org!usc!news.service.uci.edu!ihnp4.ucsd.edu!agate!howland.reston.ans.net!cs.utexas.edu!convex!news.duke.edu!solaris.cc.vt.edu!swiss.ans.net!newsgate.watson.ibm.com!hawnews.watson.ibm.com!news
Message-Id: Approved: myself
Lines: 103
Reply-To: agriffiths at vnet.ibm.com (Alan Griffiths)
Disclaimer: This posting represents the poster's views, not necessarily those of IBM.
References: Nntp-Posting-Host: nhbrp75.caanerc.uk.ibm.com
Organization: LORAL CAA NERC Project
X-Newsreader: IBM NewsReader/2 v1.01
You may find the following program of help. I am sorry it's in QBasic but that's the
only free language I have at present. The program removes document protection from
Excel worksheets. I haven't tested it extensively so there are no guarantees or warranties.
Always keep a backup copy of your files etc...
The protection scheme does two things:
 1. When you protect your document, Excel hashes your password to a 16 bit value, stores
    it somewhere and sets a few flags to say that the document is protected.
 2. When Excel saves a protected document it encrypts the content of each block using 16
    different alphabetic substitutions. This allows Excel to read and display protected
    documents before knowing their password. The program below unscrambles a protected
    document, removes an extra 8 byte block at the beginning, and resets the flags and
    passwords to zero.
I don't know if it can cope with all combinations of protection available in Excel. It
works fine on the simple protect document option. Similarly, charts etc. will probably
get munged since I don't think the titles etc get scrambled.
Hope this stuff is of use to someone.       Alan.
PS. Ironically enough, I found Excel of great value in recovering the set of magic numbers
used in the program. It allowed me to very quickly generate and evaluate possible decryption
-----cut here------------------------------
Alan Griffiths        CAA NERC Project    agriffiths at vnet.ibm.com
Tel: +44-705-561325                       Fax: +44-705-214094
All opinions expressed are my own and do not represent IBM in any way

@_date: 1995-02-13 17:18:00
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: What *is* the power of the FIPS 
Seems to me a FIPS is an important standard to the extent that it contains
important and useful information.  The DES FIPS 46-2 and 81 do, and
they've been widely influential.  The EES (Clipper) FIPS 185 doesn't --
it's mostly terminology to support GACK (Government Access to Crypto Keys)

@_date: 1995-01-05 17:07:10
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: True Names 
"True Names and Other Dangers" -- I think it's a Baen edition.
Me too, and I also have the first published version, which is in
"Binary Star  with "Nightflyers" by George R. R. Martin.
Great book -- I want to be a cybergod when I grow up.

@_date: 1995-01-28 12:27:31
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: SHA Reference? 
I append the latest reference I've seen, posted by Robert Perillo in Aug.
Check rand.org:pub/jim/sha.tar.gz for my latest C code.  An  will
select the broken or fixed versions.
         Proposed Modification of the Secure Hash Algorithm
In Section 7 of [1](page 9), the line which reads
    b) For t=16 to 79 let W(t) = W(t-3) XOR W(t-8) XOR W(t-14) XOR W(t-16).
is to be replaced by
    b) For t=16 to 79 let
                   W(t) = S1( W(t-3) XOR W(t-8) XOR W(t-14) XOR W(t-16) ).
where S1 is a left circular shift by one bit as defined
in Section 3 of [1](page 6), namely
S1(X) = (X<<1) V (X>>31).
ASCII translator's note : S1 is actually,  S superscript 1.
                          W(t-n) is actually, W subscript, t or t-n.
    [1]  FIPS PUB 180; Secure Hash Standard
         Computer Systems Laboratory
         National Institute of Standards and Technology
         1993 May 11

@_date: 1995-07-11 11:52:02
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Moby ints [Re: Num Rat] 
While Knuth is now and forever the algorithm deity in general, Arjen
Lenstra is as close to godhood as one can get in moby ints these days.
I'd look at the Lip package Lenstra wrote; it's used in his state of the
art factoring programs.  It's available with masses of PostScript
documentation from ftp.ox.ac.uk.  Studying the code and docs might remind
you of some issues that aren't obvious... and, of course, you might decide
you don't need to write a moby int package, but could just use his library.

@_date: 1995-07-12 09:03:15
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Rosenberg/VENONA: two time pads [Re: QED_jak] 
The AP story by Rita Beamish says:
   The Venona program translated 2,200 telegrams intercepted mostly from
   1942 to 1945.  They were double encoded with a complex numerical system
   that used a different random pattern for each message, officials said.
   The code would have been impossible to crack had not the volume of
   traffic resulted in the Soviets sloppily repeating some of the
   patterns, said Kahn.
The "repeating some of the patterns" means to me "two time pad".  Lots of
work in general, but doable, unlike the one time pad.

@_date: 1995-07-12 17:07:01
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: RSA129 Project 
There's a PostScript paper, programs, and coordinating tools at

@_date: 1995-07-15 05:18:55
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Anti-Electronic Racketeering Act of 1995 (fwd) 
Government Access to Keys; also seen as GACK (Crypto Keys).  This is more
descriptive and accurate than calling it Key Escrow, since escrow is for
the benefit of the parties involved in a transaction.  I think it's Carl
Ellison's invention, and most apt it is.

@_date: 1995-07-18 16:58:49
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Is it legal for commercial companies to use PGP? 
Does RSADSI count as having lawyers?  So far as I know they have not
commented in public about whether the ViaCrypt license is valid, but
they have also not (to my knowledge) contested it.  However, Jim Bidzos
has explicitly said that it is not acceptable to buy a ViaCrypt license
to cover your use of non-ViaCrypt PGP.

@_date: 1995-07-21 10:15:14
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: It had to happen... 
Are their Fortezza keys escrowed, or is this a "special run" of the chips
without escrow?

@_date: 1995-07-21 12:58:26
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: big word listing 
Yes, there are -- see ftp.ox.ac.uk for a lovely set of them.  This is a
reasonable approach, but it's insufficient: you also need to check lots of
variants on the words.  I'd suggest looking at the code in Programming
Perl (Larry Wall and Randal L. Schwartz) for checking potential
passwords, and I'd suggest looking at the initial ruleset used by Crack,
the Unix password cracking tool; the same rules should be good for any
kind of password scheme.
Also you should be aware that cracking passwords is passe' these days:
it's much easier to run an ethernet sniffer and gather them wholesale.
Every little bit helps, though.

@_date: 1995-11-03 05:22:52
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Transcript of Bernstein hearing is now available 
I find it hard to read things in all upper case.  Here's a slowish 95%
hack to make it more legible.  I imagine there's a 5-line way to do it
twenty times faster for 99% success, but what the heck...

@_date: 1995-11-14 03:22:33
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: coding and nnet's 
As it happens, I saved that one, because I thought the "needle standing up
from a flat plain" metaphor was so apt; I've used it in a couple of talks
without remembering where I got it.  Here's your message to sci.crypt:
  From: tcmay at netcom.com (Timothy C. May)
  Subject: Re: Neural nets & Crypto
  Message-Id:   Date: Wed, 10 Aug 1994 17:53:13 GMT
  Neural nets are not likely to do well with modern ciphers (e.g., RSA,
  IDEA, DES, etc.), mainly because of the shape of the solution space.
  Instead of the "rolling hills and valleys" that neural nets (and
  related methods, such as genetic algorithms, simulated annealing,
  etc.) do well in, the solution space for modern ciphers offers very
  little in the way of "learning" opportunities: you either have the
  solution (the key), or you don't.
  Think of a needle standing up from a flat plain...a NN or any other
  hill-climber could wander for years and never find it.
  I suspect there are uses in peripheral aspects, such as guessing
  passwords (when people have not picked high-entropy passwords, but
  have instead used familiar names). Or in traffic analysis.
  But the move in modern cryptology is definitely away from using
  anything with "structure" that can be learned. Put another way, neural
  nets and such work well in structured environments, where there's
  something to _learn), but not in the high-entropy, seemingly random
  world of encrypted data.
  --Tim May
A subsequent message (which I also saved) dealt with genetic programming
and was also interesting.

@_date: 1995-12-01 06:31:23
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Getting a copy of the Jim Clark speech 
Good initiative, but we needn't wait for 6 weeks to get a copy of it.
All that needs to happen is for Jim Clark to explain what he meant, if
it's different from what was reported.  No need for all the to-ing and
Perhaps what he meant was simply reiterating the announcement of October
when they said they'd support the TESSERA crypto API.  If it's worse than
this, he should explain what's going on.  If not, October was the time to
get excited rather than now.
Waiting with bated breath...

@_date: 1995-10-06 08:24:55
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Where is text of wiretap bill 
Yes, it does, repeatedly.
          SEC. 103. ASSISTANCE CAPABILITY REQUIREMENTS.
            (a) Capability Requirements: Except as provided in subsections
          (b), (c), and (d) of this section and sections 108(a)  and 109(b)
          and (d), a telecommunications carrier shall ensure that its
          equipment, facilities, or services that provide a customer or
          subscriber with the ability to originate, terminate, or direct
          communications are capable of--
                (1) expeditiously isolating and enabling the government,
              pursuant to a court order or other lawful authorization, to
              intercept, to the exclusion of any other communications, all
              wire and electronic communications carried by the carrier
                (2) expeditiously isolating and enabling the government,
              pursuant to a court order or other lawful authorization, to
              access call-identifying information that is reasonably
              available to the carrier--
                (3) delivering intercepted communications and
              call-identifying information to the government, pursuant to a
              court order or other lawful authorization, in a format such
              that they may be transmitted by means of equipment, facilities,
          SEC. 105. SYSTEMS SECURITY AND INTEGRITY.
            A telecommunications carrier shall ensure that any interception
          of communications or access to call-identifying information
          effected within its switching premises can be activated only in
          accordance with a court order or other lawful authorization and
          with the affirmative intervention of an individual officer or
Look for either SB 2375 (Senate) or HR 4922 (House).
An assistant director of the FBI, William Baugh, spoke recently at the ICI
conference in DC.  He said he hoped American industry would be cooperative
in making the voluntary compliance with TESSERA or other GAK widespread,
because if it doesn't happen then they would need to come back and get
more Congressional action, and "we found the coercive solution we had to
use for Digital Telephony very draining."
If  doesn't get them your sympathy, what will?

@_date: 1995-10-07 05:36:37
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: FBI intentions [Re: Where is text of wiretap bill] 
The latter, assuming the gloves were ever on.  In the previous day's
presentations at the ICI conference, FBI Dir. Freeh spoke about the need
for the FBI to get not only decryptable wiretaps but also decryptable
files, and pointed out that some of the proposals about limited-duration
keys would not let them decrypt files they seized with a legal warrant if
those files had been encrypted earlier than the warrant date.  He took Q&A
for a while, and I got to ask the first Q:
Q: Does the Bureau favor making escrowed keys mandatory for domestic
   encryption?
A: Not at this time.  We hope that voluntary compliance and cooperation
   from industry will result in companies developing a single system for
   export and for domestic use.  If this does not happen, then we will
   need to take further action.

@_date: 1995-10-10 13:43:34
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Hal's Third Challenge? 
I'd rather see a Microsoft challenge than a third Netscape 40-bitter.
We've made our point about 40-bit keys on Netscape's skull enough times,
and Microsoft is making smug product announcements referring to those
Netscape breaks.
Time to spread our joy around a bit, I'd say.

@_date: 1995-10-11 10:08:35
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Elementrix POTP 
Actually, no, and I'll tell you why.  My only interest in this product
is that you're flogging it as a one time pad, and just calling something
a one time pad doesn't make it so.  From all that's been exposed so far,
it looks like it doesn't match the standard definition of a one time pad
in standard cryptologic works.  Maybe it's something  it, and maybe
not -- but if they're saying it  a one time pad they should be
prepared to prove it.  Reading their warmed-over press releases doesn't
interest me at all.
Except for one thing, i.e. this line from the last blather:
'Nuff said for now, I think.

@_date: 1995-10-12 17:16:30
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: netscape 2 certification authorities 
Perl's my favorite.  Here's a code fragment that might help.  All you
need to do is open the ndbm file (foo.pag/foo.dir in this case) and aim it
at an associative array, then have your way with it.

@_date: 1995-10-15 11:48:36
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Netscape rewards are an insult 
What do you mean "you people"?  There are  of people on this list,
with lots of different opinions.  Don't attribute this kvetching to
Cypherpunks in general.  In fact, don't attribute  opinion to
Cypherpunks in general.  Probably most of the non-press members here share
an interest in helping people communicate privately, but that's about it.
We're all individuals here.

@_date: 1995-10-15 13:27:27
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: My chat with Goeff Greiveldinger 
You might try addressing the areas of liability for escrow agents.  If
private escrow agents can be sued for loss of information due to theft
or other authorized or unauthorized release of keys, their liability could
be horrendous, depending on the value of the compromised data. Gillogly
Software certainly will not be a commercial keyholder!

@_date: 1995-10-15 19:57:17
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Why commercial key escrow? [Re: My chat with Goeff Greiveldinger] 
DoJ is involved because industry didn't buy into Clipper-type GAK, and the
FBI still wants to be able to read encrypted files, as well as encrypted
phone conversations if they ever turn up.  The White House is willing to
help, but not to the extent of making GAK mandatory.  However, they (WH
and FBI) are hopeful that forcing either GAK or weak encryption on the
export market will encourage companies to build single systems that they
can both export and sell domestically, which would make the domestic ones
weak or GAKed as well.  DoJ is involved with the commercial escrow because
they (or NIST or somebody) expect to be certifying the export escrow
companies, which they hope will be the same operations.  As a data point,
Dorothy Denning is increasingly pessimistic that this plan will in fact
result in the same weak or escrowed system being used domestically; if it
doesn't, that presumably triggers Louis Freeh to head back to the Hill for
more legislation.
I don't know what they intend to do about PGP-like systems, but I suspect
that's a second-order concern; the first-order concern must be avoiding
the situation where Microsoft builds unGAKed 3DES into Word.

@_date: 1995-09-02 10:37:25
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Phil Zimmermann/Amnesty International? 
Regarding the stature of limitations date on PRZ,
PGP 1.0 was available in at least Finland and Australia by 28 Aug 91,
according to an ftp list John Gilmore posted on that date.  However, the
first available date is presumably not as important as the most recent
offense, and I haven't seen which specific allegations the gov't is

@_date: 1995-09-02 21:35:08
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Crypto '95: Robert Morris 
Bob Morris (recently retired from NSA) gave a fascinating invited lecture
entitled "Non-cryptographic Ways of Losing Information".  I hope he writes
it up; until then, here are my notes from his presentation.
Two things he said which I found new and fascinating:
- During the early 1950's many major powers were discouraged by the
  tendency of then-modern crypto machines to fail in a way that would send
  plaintext instead of ciphertext, and they went to one time pads for most
  of their high-level enciphered traffic.  Because of key re-use, we were
  regularly and routinely reading pieces of that traffic -- not just
  VENONA, but many systems from various countries.  Sometimes the people
  who prepared OTP's would double their profit by selling them to more
  than one customer.
- By the middle to late 1960's cryptanalysis became less cost effective
  than obtaining the information by other means -- wiretaps and so on.
Morris emphasized and said we should write down these dicta:

@_date: 1995-09-03 18:40:08
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: NSA says Joe Sixpack won't buy crypto 
Evidently they have plenty of other sources to deal with... their SIGINT
charter is to read traffic, not necessarily to decrypt traffic.  It does
seem excessive, though, and it will seem even more excessive once more
traffic is encrypted with strong systems and plaintext begins to disappear
from the airwaves and wires.  It bothers me that the gov't appears to
be redefining the role of the intelligence community to be economic spying
rather than the military spying that was (I think) justified during the
Cold War.  Rather than finding ways to justify and maintain current budgets
and bureaucracies, why not just cough up the peace dividend?
I misstated his point to some extent here.  He was contrasting current
buying practices in the U.S. and in Europe, not predicting the future (i.e.
not exactly what I said above).  In particular, he mentioned GSM in Europe
and its success... of course, that doesn't count as strong encryption with
the keys evidently being no better than 40 bits worth, but it's a lot
better than calling in the clear from your cellular phone.  He indicated
that Europe has embraced GSM and the US has not (yet) embraced anything
equivalent (about which more below).
Clipper wasn't a fiasco from the gov't's point of view if you look at what
it prevented rather than what it achieved.  By now the DES-based AT&T
encryption box might be the US standard if the Gov't hadn't intervened by
"incentivizing" them around the time of the Clipper roll-out.  It was
ready to go and was already in production when Clipper got rushed up.  As
it is there is now no standard and most traffic is still in clear.  If
this doesn't reflect a credible and  understanding of how the
market works, what would?  Of course this one can't completely be laid at
NSA's door, but it's convenient to think of them as the fount of US crypto
policy decisions.

@_date: 1995-09-07 07:06:42
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: not a flame please read and think about this 
Time to mark my calendar -- flamed on the same day by David Sternlight in
alt.security.pgp for espousing cypherpunk ideals and by an anonymous
person on C'punks for being a government stooge.  I must be doing
something right.
16 Halimath -- red letter day.

@_date: 1995-09-12 16:07:16
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: GAK/weak crypto rationale? 
In how many of these cases did you fail to get the necessary information
because of encryption?  Has this proportion been changing over the years?

@_date: 1995-09-18 10:48:58
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: ftp://www.brooks.af.mil/pub/unix/utils/des.tar 
Hurm -- if Phil Karn and I knowingly allow it to remain there, that puts
us in the same position as Phil Zimmermann, right?  Oh -- except that our
offenses may already be beyond the statute of limitations.

@_date: 1995-09-22 04:10:47
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Project: a standard cell random number generator 
Yes.  Here's a released CAPSTONE spec sheet.  I don't expect an attack like
the one on Netscape to work there.
------- Forwarded Message
Organization: National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)
Posted-Date: Fri, 30 Apr 93 10:11:03 EDT
                    CAPSTONE CHIP TECHNOLOGY
CAPSTONE is an NSA developed, hardware oriented, cryptographic
device that implements the same cryptographic algorithm as the
CLIPPER chip.  In addition, the CAPSTONE chip includes the
following functions:
     1.   The Digital Signature Algorithm (DSA) proposed by NIST
          as a Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS);
     2.   The Secure Hashing Algorithm (SHA) recently approved as
          FIPS 180;
     3.   A Key Exchange Algorithm based on a public key
          exchange;
     4.   A general purpose exponentiation algorithm;
     5.   A general purpose, random number generator which uses a
          pure noise source.
The Key exchange Algorithm is programmable on the chip and uses
functions 1-2 and 4-5 above.
Prototypes of the CAPSTONE chip are due the last week in April. The chips are expected to sell for $85.00 each (programmed).
The first CAPSTONE chips are to be installed in PCMCIA electronic
boards and used for the PMSP program for the security of the
Defense Messaging System.
The CAPSTONE chip is big, complex and powerful.  Over 850
megabytes are required by the automated design system to define
the functions of the chip.  VLSI Technology is fabricating the
chip, and MYKOTRONX is designing and testing the chip.
1.   What are the power requirements of the CAPSTONE chip?  Will
     they fit the power requirements of battery-operated, hand
     held devices?
     The CAPSTONE chip requires a 5 volt DC voltage source.      Power ratings are currently estimated at 3.5 milliamps per
     MHz, i.e. at 10 Mhz and 5 volt DC, power consumed is 175
     milliwatts.  These estimates will be refined as data are
     taken into the actual chips.  In comparison, the CLIPPER
     chip consumes approximately 150 milliwatts at 5 volts DC and
     10 MHz.  As you can see, both chips fall within the power
     requirements of hand held, battery-operated devices.
2.   Will the CAPSTONE chip incorporate the key escrow features
     of the CLIPPER chip?
     Yes, it will.
3.   When will CAPSTONE be announced and available?
     Prototypes of the CAPSTONE chip are due the end of this
     month.  We ask that you contact the manufacturer, Mykotronx
     Inc., for further information concerning the timetable for
     availability of CAPSTONE.
4.   Is the Department of Defense working now to incorporate
     CAPSTONE in the Pre-message Security Protocol?
     Yes
5.   Will CAPSTONE meet the design requirements of a PCMCIA card
     that combines voice and/or data communications with
     encryption capabilities?
     Yes
6.   Will CAPSTONE use the Digital Signature Standard?  What kind
     of key management scheme will be employed in the CAPSTONE
     chip?  Will CAPSTONE allow the use of RSA public-key
     encryption in conjunction with, or as an alternative to, the
     DSS?  If RSA is implemented on the CAPSTONE chip, will the
     key escrow feature function?
     CAPSTONE implements the Digital Signature Algorithm (DSA),
     proposed by NIST as a Federal Information Processing
     Standard (FIPS), to perform the digital signature functions.      Key management is handled by an algorithm based on a public-
     key exchange technique.  The CAPSTONE chip does not
     implement RSA.
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1995-09-25 10:14:56
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Netscape "random" number seed generator code available 
Interesting idea, but I have a (perhaps irrational) dislike for this idea.
If Netscape wants to have its own netsceed.bin file to muck around with on
my system, I'll authorize it to be set up, but I by god don't want it
mucking around with my PGP setup.  Network-aware programs must be more
trusted than local-only programs, because they are the only kind that
legitimately export information they glean from the local environment.  If
Netscape decided to ship the actual contents of my randseed.bin to
somebody else (like escrow.fbi.org, for example) it might give them else a
better edge on finding session keys for my PGP sessions... the privacy of
which I value more even than I value my Netscape transactions.
I'm nervous enough about all the Easter Eggs that have been reported in
Netscape, like the secret keystroke shortcut to get to Fishcam, or the
different behavior it exhibits when it finds a certain obscurely-named
directory at the top level.  If it starts peeking at my PGP environment,
though, I'm drawing the line.  No, thanks.
In summary -- set up your own netsceed.bin if you want, but don't peek
at my PGP randomness.

@_date: 1995-09-26 10:41:41
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Easter Eggs 
I enjoy Easter Eggs in general, and I agree that a program with fun stuff
like this in it gives one a warm fuzzy feeling about the relaxed management
style at the company that produces it.  On the other hand, of all kinds of
mass market software, network-aware software needs to have the most trust
from the users, because it alone has the capability of passing information
out of your machine.  My preference is always to have source code
available for security-critical functions so that I can verify that it's
not only doing what I want, but also doing nothing that I don't want.
For a program like Netscape it doesn't make sense to supply source code,
of course, and the Easter Eggs already provide some evidence that it's
doing something that I didn't "buy" (assuming I've bought it, of course).
I didn't pay for?  Reading my PGP key generation environment?
Interesting.  What else?"
Ctrl-alt-f if you're a PC type, or Ctrl-meta-f if you're on a Sun; I'm
calling the diamond to the left of the space bar a "meta".

@_date: 1995-09-28 18:43:51
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: worldwide announce: New OTP Mail/FTP apps 
OK, you expected this, but here goes anyway.  This isn't a one time pad
because the "randomness" isn't really random -- it depends on a bunch of
plaintext.  Technically from your description this looks like a plaintext
autokey system.  A true OTP requires honest to goodness physically random
key material for the pad.  It may be quite strong, but it just doesn't
fit the definition.
People keep throwing OTP around because it's the only known perfect system --
until we get quantum crypto, I suppose -- but few companies actually want to
go to the trouble to implement the real thing.  And with good reason -- it's
a nuisance to do secure exchanges on the keying material.

@_date: 1995-09-29 15:26:06
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: worldwide announce: New OTP Mail/FTP apps 
It does seem to be a stream cipher of some kind.  Subsequent numbers
depending on previous numbers means that it's an autokey cipher.  That
most assuredly does  make it a one time pad, no matter whether it
ever repeats or not (which it presumably wouldn't).
Here's an easy way to demonstrate that the strength of this system is less
than a one time pad.  Let's give the attacker all the breaks: he knows the
initial secret key, he has watched the key exchange from both sides by
monitoring all keystrokes, and has access to all the keying information
and plaintext and ciphertext that has happened from day 0 until now, day
30, but none of the plaintext or other keying information thereafter.
Case one: the system you're flogging.  He can keep reading the mail.
Case two: a true one time pad.  He immediately loses touch with the system
          as soon as they go to the first unknown byte of the one time
          pad.
I sympathize with their desire to call it a one time pad, since that has
obvious marketing cachet.  But it isn't -- can't they simply say they
think it's a nice strong cipher?

@_date: 1996-04-08 08:25:12
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: the cost of untracability? 
I bounced this off a CPA, who said she would be very suprised if this is
really the case: in general the IRS considers increases in wealth to be
taxable, and unless there's a specific exclusion for currency transactions
that she doesn't know about, she suspects this is not the case.  As a
conceptual counterexample she points out that you are responsible for any
profit you make from selling your car for more than you pay for it (but,
as you might expect, you don't get to take a loss if you sell it for less).
My tame CPA also volunteered the information that the IRS is very interested
and concerned about how they're going to capture transaction information for
electronic transactions, and they do think it's in their bailiwick... she's
read some articles on it.

@_date: 1996-04-13 11:14:56
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Answer about bits and bytes 
Reading from the PDP-10 Reference Handbook (DEC, 1971) page 2-30, we read:
and so on.  The PDP-8 "Introduction to programming" (1970) has similar
remarks, though not as explicit.  On page v in the introduction it says
and in the description of special periph ops on page D 1-15:
I suggest you gracefully back off, if it's still possible.

@_date: 1996-04-15 19:36:16
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: RSA-130 Falls to NFS - Lenstra Posting to sci.crypt.research 
I don't have a good guess for this, but Arjen did say that the cost to
break RSA-130 was a fraction of what it cost to break RSA-129 because
of the improved algorithm, so I'd guess we'll find out soon.  The next
target of the consortium is planned to be RSA-155, I believe, which is
above 512 bits; that means skipping RSA-140 to go for the one with the
higher psychological value.  While 512-bit PGP keys are interesting to
Cypherpunks, other 512-bit RSA keys are vitally important to some banks.

@_date: 1996-04-16 03:03:51
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Old Trojan news [Re: Trojan Horse Loose On The Internet] 
Uhh -- then perhaps you should check it out before doing the alarmist
number.  Appropriate places are the VIRUS-L mailing list or comp.virus...
or the VIRUSPUNKS list, if you can find the right majordomo.
This trojan was constructed a couple of years ago, and the warning report
goes around every few months; we're currently in the middle of another
resurgence.  It's like the Good Times Virus, except that there really is
a trojanized PKZIP... but I haven't seen a confirmed sighting of it or
a report of somebody actually being bitten for many yonks now.
There are plenty of current and active viruses and trojan horses, and some
crypto relevance with some of them (e.g. KOH and encrypting viruses)... but
this isn't one of them.

@_date: 1996-04-16 10:27:28
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: RSA-130 Falls to NFS - Lenstra Posting to sci.crypt.research 
The latter, for this application -- unlike the straightforward approach to
RC4 cracking, the partial relations that contributors find for the
factoring exercise are (like the factoring itself) time-consuming to
compute but dead simple to check... and, in fact, each of them is checked
before accepting it.
Yes, that's a good point and one we hashed around a bit at the beginning
of the RC4 project, with less than a perfect conclusion -- but some good
ideas.  You need to account for several kinds of people, including people
plaing with less than a full deck of clues; and the target of the cracking
ring allocating and turning in a "not found" report on the actual target
part of the space.

@_date: 1996-08-02 09:25:07
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Is 1024-bit PGP key enough? 
Somebody says:
Derek Atkins  responds with some useful and authoritative
information -- thanks.
But the original author also needs to step back and understand his
security needs.  In particular, if you're trying to protect your
information against an enemy who is willing to spend $10B to get it,
they'll have a lot of options other than hiding in a back room with some
cracking equipment.  Would you be willing to sell them the information
you're trying to protect for (say) 10% of that $10B?  Would your partner?
Your wife?

@_date: 1996-08-06 15:37:05
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: SSNs (was Re: Internal Passports) 
Yes, that does indeed sound silly.  BTW, the UNABOMer's secret ID number,
used to identify various communications with the NYT as being his, is
reported (Mad Genius and a government deposition) to be 553-25-4394, which
allegedly turned out to be the SSN of a prisoner somewhere in California.
I suppose it's not useful for this application, since it belongs to
somebody who might need it again sometime.

@_date: 1996-08-13 08:15:58
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: A ban on cryptography? 
It's bogus.  THOMAS ( shows S.1666 as a Hatch-sponsored
bill introduced 04/15/96:  A bill to authorize the Federal district court
for the Central Division of Utah to hold court in Provo and St.  George.

@_date: 1996-08-20 07:17:19
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Why BlackNet *IS* a Data Haven 
For the record, the four of us who broke the 384-bit BlackNet key weren't
from MIT:  Paul Leyland (Oxford), Arjen Lenstra (Bellcore), Alec Muffet
(Sun-UK), and Jim Gillogly (RAND).

@_date: 1996-08-21 12:20:31
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Spamming (Good or Bad?) 
Your right to speak freely is protected in the US.  Your right to blare
simultaneously with a megaphone at every on-line crowd in the world is
not.  I know of no laws prohibiting your spamming, and I know of no laws
that would prevent someone from interfering with your spamming.  It's a
vigilante world... this year.
I oppose spamming because it's rude and inefficient, lowering the S/N
everywhere it happens.  Market droids favor it because it's cheap, and
no matter how many people they piss off bigtime, they make some sales.
People who oppose spam should do what they can to make it less
cost-effective... within legal limits, I suppose.
Perhaps the cypherpunk relevance is that next generation Usenet and
mailing lists could require the moderator's digital signature before
propagation happens... but I'd prefer to see an unexpected upwelling
of politeness.

@_date: 1996-08-22 05:26:23
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Spamming (Good or Bad?) 
Then you fix up the "Reply-to:" line to point back to them, helping them
debug their anti-loop procedures.  For extra credit use port 25 to create
the mail so that they can't easily ignore "Reply-to" and use the "From:"
line for their next salvo.

@_date: 1996-08-22 08:24:15
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Spamming (Good or Bad?) 
The technological outlet already exists: polite marketers use Web pages,
so that people who are interested in their offerings can find them using
one of the search engines.  Market droids (get over it, dude) are
unwilling to reach only people who are interested in their products.

@_date: 1996-08-22 12:32:44
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Ruritania 
Good eye, Tim -- here's Perry's piece, which I just happened to save.

@_date: 1996-08-27 07:09:23
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: NSA's Venona Intercepts 
I too am waiting eagerly for them to show more of the real details of
decryption; but from what we know so far, the partial decrypts seem quite
compatible with what NSA says they broke: an underlying code system
superencrypted with a OTP which occasionally becomes a 2TP.  For example,
suppose you have two chunks of ciphertext, and you've determined using the
kappa test that they have a partial overlap (the easy part of the
process).  You superimpose them as follows:
and then work on the parts where the a's and b's overlap.  If you know the
underlying code book (through a decade of previous hard work, or, if you're
really lucky, finding a partially-burned copy of a codebook in a castle in
Germany), you can with considerable sweat determine the code groups in
both messages in the overlapped part, recover that part of the OTP, and
then drag the recovered OTP through the rest of your traffic looking for
more matches.
If you don't have a complete code book you may not know what all of the
code words mean; for example, I've seen no evidence that ALES really does
stand for ALGER HISS.  In addition, if you have no more overlaps with the
part at the beginning of message "a" or the end of message "b" above, you
have no way to determine anything about those parts of the OTPs other than
the length of the bits you can't read.
These two sources of difficulty seem to me to explain the "unrecovered
codegroups" you noted: for the long stretches, they didn't have
overlapping messages to give an entry into the OTP; for individual code
groups, they didn't have enough context to break that part of the code.
The phonetic stuff you mentioned doesn't cause me heartburn -- a code will
include syllables or letters, so that concepts that don't have their own
code group can get assembled out of constituent parts.  Still seems
consistent to me.

@_date: 1996-08-29 13:38:44
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: A _REALLY_ Interesting Bet 
Idea Futures is dead, and the torch has passed to Foresight Exchange (FX),
which is at  .  You can bet on a number
of political issues (US and other), though not (yet) for real money.
Bill Clinton re-elected last sold at 89 (out of 100), and
Dole beats Clinton      last sold at 15.
This doesn't track the polls, which typically ask who the potential voter
would vote for rather than who they think will win the election.
Other issues:
Percentage of popular vote to Dem candidate: 47
"               "             Rep    "     : 44
"               "             Other  "     : 12
Note that there may be an opportunity for arbitrage when numbers don't add
up to 100; but I'm simplifying, since there are separate buy and sell bids.
Third party candidate gets the most votes  :  4
Clinton landslide                            20
Dole landslide                                4
Democrats retake the House in 96             45
Democrats retake the Senate in 96            30
Percent electoral votes to Democrats         70
President without popular majority           55
Clinton resigns or impeached by end of 96     1
And so on...

@_date: 1996-02-27 09:09:36
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Encrypted Communications Privacy Act 
Looks like good news for a change... Senator Leahy is expected to introduce
a bill tomorrow with some of the following language; no S-number as yet.

@_date: 1996-01-12 16:36:03
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: US DoJ Zimmermann Press Release 
Cool -- that means Kelly Goen is also off the hook, which is also a big

@_date: 1996-07-18 03:15:44
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Opiated file systems 
Good point.  This suggests a design desideratum for any such system should
be that the user may choose not to have a duress key, maintaining
semi-plausible deniability for those who choose to have one.

@_date: 1996-07-18 12:52:07
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: US versions of Netscape now available 
Yes, I successfully d/l'ed the Sun version.  I think it was about 7MB
and took forever, but it unpacked and ran cleanly with no glitches
whatever.  It's a temporary version -- it'll expire on about 17 Sep...
which is fine for me, since I didn't want to wait until our Purchasing
dept got through with their song and dance.

@_date: 1996-07-19 10:14:51
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: New Infowarfare Panel 
Please elaborate.  Worked examples of info warfare would be useful for
us to study... making useful government policy based on unsupported
recollections and dubious anecdotes is difficult.  (I won't drag in the
more cypherpunk-related example I had in mind, for fear of derailing
this conversation from this specific topic.)

@_date: 1996-07-20 02:23:51
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Netscrape download 
This is the same one I got.  No funny business there.

@_date: 1996-07-30 15:46:39
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Bush administration DT/Clipper strategy 
This redacted and declassified high level memo outlining the linkage of
the Digital Wiretap bill and the Clipper initiative in the Bush
administration was recently obtained by EPIC ( as the
result of an FOIA request.
I tried to keep the original spacing and relative lengths of blacked-out
                   UNCLASSIFIED stamped over TOP SECRET
                             THE WHITE HOUSE
                                WASHINGTON
                          January 17, 1991 [sic]
 MEMORANDUM FOR THE HONORABLE DICK CHENEY
 SUBJECT:       Legislative Strategy for Digital
 On December 30, 1991, I sent to the President a memorandum
 seeking his approval for a legislative strategy for digital
 telephony.  The substance of that memorandum is attached.  On
 January 15, 1992, he approved the following course of action:
      -    Justice should go ahead now to seek a
 Attachment
 ACTION
 MEMORANDUM FOR THE PRESIDENT
 FROM:          BRENT SCOWCROFT   SUBJECT:       Legislative strategy for Digital Telephony
 Purpose                                                     To approve a legislative remedy to looming problems for law        12958
 enforcement XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX                   1.5
 Background
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXxXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 Analog technology allows interception of a single communication     through a tap on the target's line XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX     Same
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  Digital technology simultaneously
 intermingles thousands of pieces of information on the line
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXe
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 The best solution to this problem is to obtain legislation which
 ensures the cooperation of the telephone commXXXXXXXX providing
 access to target communications XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  All         Same
 agencies agree with this legislative approach and that we should
 do it fairly soon.  Preliminary soundings on the Hill suggest
 there is a reasonable chance of success even though these kinds
 of issues raise "civil liberties" issues with the attendant
 political fireworks.  A timely legislative vehicle is the FCC
 Authorization Bill which has passed the House and awaits action
 in the Senate.  We expect the Senate to take it up in January.
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX        XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  Partially Declassified/Released 6/28/96
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX             under provisions of    UNCLASSIFIED stamped over     UNCLASSIFIED stamped over cc: Vice President
   TOP SECRET                    TOP SECRET                Chief of Staff
   Declassifiy on:  OADR
 Deliberative
 Material
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  The Justice view is that we should
 carefully press ahead and try to obtain a solution now.  Justice
 contends that the costs of waiting (loss of access and the cost
 to recoup) are growing rapidly, and an attempt to fix it now is
 worth the political risks.
 RECOMMENDATION
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 XXXXXXXXXX Therefore, I recommend you give Justice the go-ahead
 to seek a fix to the digital telephony problem and direct all the
 parties to prepare to follow through on encryption in about a
 year.
 Approve __V___   Disapprove ______   advisors to discuss ______
   UNCLASSIFIED stamped over     UNCLASSIFIED stamped over
   TOP SECRET                    TOP SECRET
Transcribed by:

@_date: 1996-07-31 09:22:15
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: TLAs on cypherpnks (was R 
It happened, but that's about sci.crypt or talk.politics.crypto rather
than Cypherpunks, since David wasn't vocal here in those days.  A sci.crypt
article on CFP '94 by Jerod Tufte dated 26 Mar 94 included the transcript
of a panel discussion involving (among others) Stewart Baker, then NSA
general counsel; the panel was on 24 Mar.  Mike Godwin asked from the floor:
   You said in myth number four that we can anticipate -- and in fact NSA
   did anticipate that these technologies would become available in five
   to ten years.  People would go buy telephones, have an encryption
   button and be able to use this technology -- I think I am quoting you
   accurately -- in profoundly anti-social ways.  Isn't it true that many
   otherwise acceptable technologies can be used by individuals in
   profoundly anti-social ways including, say the printing press.  Isn't
   it in fact true that in a democratic society we make a decision to
   empower individuals knowing upfront and openly that we do so taking
   risk about society.  Isn't that in fact the case in this country?
Baker responded:
   Yes.  And first I should say, Mike, I haven't met you but I've read
   your stuff and actually, is David Sternlight here too?
   Sure you take risks and you have to look at each technology as it
   comes.  Let's take a look at cars.  Cars have advantages and risks and
   how do we deal with that.  We put license plates on every car and
   everybody has to have a license plate on their car even if they think
   it violates their First Amendment Rights to do it.

@_date: 1996-07-31 10:59:14
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: WaPo on Crypto-Genie Terrorism 
"Stays less than a month" pays evens.
"Audibly killfiles at least one person" pays 1 to 7.
Stand not upon the order of your going, but go at once...

@_date: 1996-06-08 05:33:27
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS 
Regarding TCM's en passant comment that Bell's ideas are derivative:
Try Gilbert & Sullivan's operetta "Utopia, Ltd."  Assassinating the ruler
was fine and/or encouraged, but the assassin had to take his place.  Not
as close as the Dirty Harry movie, though...
Aha.  Gilbert & Sullivan again, this time from the Mikado:  "I've got a
little list of society offenders who might well be under ground, and who
never would be missed."  That's Koko, the Lord High Executioner, casting
about for the next victim.  However, in Mikado assassinating an Heir
Apparent was a punishable offense.  Something  involving
boiling oil, as I recall.
I noted recently a news article listing about 4 "dead pools" around the
Web, not even counting the Idea Futures death claims.  I don't recall that
any of them used real money.

@_date: 1996-05-07 09:52:06
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: L. Detweiler is a CyberAngel [NOISE] 
LD isn't a loon, in my opinion.  He has a strongly-held but consistent
opinion on matters of computer privacy.  His "loon" reputation (and
election, IIRC) stems from back in the days when he was making his points
by performance art and example, rather than by reasoned argumentation and
exposition.  People looking at the performance art and taking it at face
value have been confused by the underlying message and annoyed by the
medium -- not everyone appreciates a cyber-Mapplethorpe.

@_date: 1996-05-31 10:20:02
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: NRC's CRISIS report: Chairman's opening statement 
OPENING STATEMENT
                                KENNETH DAM
               Max Pam Professor of American and Foreign Law
                     University of Chicago Law School
                                    and
          Chair, Committee to Study National Cryptography Policy
    News Conference on Cryptography's Role in Securing the Information
                                  Society
                            National Press Club
                             Washington, D.C.
                               May 30, 1996
                                    ***
  Good morning.  In this age of telecommunications and lightning-speed
  advances in computing, keeping private information private gets tougher
  all the time.  Without proper safeguards, personal financial
  transactions, medical records, corporate secrets such as bidding
  information and proprietary research reports may be compromised by
  criminals and corporate spies.  Without proper safeguards, crucial
  information systems such as those of the banking system and the public
  switched telecommunications network may be vulnerable to intrusion by
  terrorists, curious computer hackers, and unfriendly foreign governments.
       One of the best ways to protect electronic information is through
  encryption, which is the use of mathematical formulas to scramble
  information into digital codes.  Once of concern only to spies and the
  military, cryptography has now become a vital tool for protecting the
  legitimate interests of  the nation's businesses and the privacy of its
  citizens.  This change has created a dilemma for the U.S. government
  because encryption also can be used in a wide range of illegitimate
  activities.  Drug dealers, terrorists, and other criminals can use
  cryptography to thwart even legally authorized search and surveillance by
  law enforcement officials; foreign governments can encrypt information
  that the U.S. needs to protect its national security.  Now the federal
  government -- which in the past has sought to restrict the spread of
  encryption --  must weigh the pros and cons of promoting broader use of
  cryptography.
       The National Research Council was asked by Congress to provide
  policy makers with guidance in making this assessment. Our study
  committee was made up of individuals with expertise in many relevant
  fields: technical expertise in computers, communications, and
  cryptography; policy experience in law enforcement, intelligence, civil
  liberties, national security, diplomacy, and international trade;
  business experience in telecommunications and computer hardware and
  software, as well as in protecting information in the for-profit and
  not-for-profit sectors.  It was formed to examine the appropriate balance
  among various national security, law enforcement, business, and privacy
  interests.
       Our committee's broad conclusion is that the advantages of
  cryptography in safeguarding information outweigh the possible
  disadvantages of making apprehension and prosecution of criminals more
  difficult.  Thus, we believe that federal policies should promote rather
  than discourage the use of encryption.  For example, current export
  controls impede the use of strong encryption by U.S. firms with foreign
  customers and suppliers as well as reducing the availability of strong
  encryption domestically. The government needs to make it easier for U.S.
  companies operating internationally to use strong encryption, and for
  U.S. technology vendors to develop and sell cryptography products both in
  this country and abroad.  Indeed, maintaining world leadership for U.S.
  information technology vendors is an important contribution to national
  security, as well as being important to the economy.
       Furthermore, the development of products with encryption should be
  driven largely by market forces rather than by government-imposed
  requirements or standards.  There are no legal limits on the kinds of
  encryption that presently can be sold in the United States and  we
  strongly endorse the idea that no law should bar the manufacture, sale,
  or use of any form of encryption within the United States.
       We do not believe that by adopting such a course the government
  would necessarily be choosing the interests of business and individuals
  over those of national security and law enforcement.  We say this for two
  reasons.  First, availability of encryption technologies will benefit law
  enforcement and national security.  Here's how: by making economic
  espionage more difficult, cryptography supports law enforcement.  By
  protecting elements of the civilian infrastructure such as banking,
  telecommunications, and air traffic control networks, cryptography
  safeguards national security.
       The second reason is that current national policy -- which
  discourages the use of cryptography despite its many valuable
  applications -- can at most delay encryption's spread.  Already, the use
  of such technologies is growing, and in the long run, we believe
  widespread non-governmental use of cryptography in the United States and
  abroad is inevitable.  The government should recognize this changing
  reality and help law enforcement and national security authorities
  develop the new technical capabilities they will need to conduct
  investigations and surveillance in a world in which information will be
  more protected and even unencrypted communications will be harder to
  read.
       Our report also urges that the government should explore escrowed
  encryption rather than the aggressive promotion that is the case today.
  Encrypted information is unintelligible to anyone lacking the keys to
  unlock the digital code.  In escrowed encryption, the decoding key would
  be held by a trusted third-party organization or institution.  This is
  attractive to law enforcement agencies because with a court order, they
  could obtain the key and unlock even the most unbreakable code.  However,
  escrowed encryption is relatively untried and many unresolved issues
  remain, ranging from the liability of these third parties to the
  magnitude of the risk incurred by companies trusting these third parties
  with the keys to their sensitive business plans and trade secrets.
       Rather than aggressively promoting escrowed encryption, our
  committee believes that the government should explore escrowed encryption
  for its own purposes as a way of gaining operational experience with this
  technology and making it more useful to the commercial sector.  Even when
  that occurs, we say that adoption of escrowed encryption or of any other
  specific technology or standard by the commercial sector should be
  voluntary and based on business needs, not government pressure.
            To make it easier for U.S. companies with foreign customers and
  suppliers to protect their information with the best encryption
  technologies, the committee believes that export controls should be
  progressively relaxed, though not eliminated. Right now federal law makes
  it hard to export strong encryption technology.  This helps protect the
  government's ability to gather foreign intelligence.  However, it also
  makes it more difficult for U.S. technology vendors to produce and sell
  cryptography products both here and overseas, and it limits what's
  available here because software companies are reluctant to develop
  different products for U.S. and foreign markets.
       And we call on the executive and legislative branches to develop
  national cryptography policy on the basis of open public discussion.  In
  the past, government officials have treated many aspects of cryptography
  policy as "top secret," to be discussed only behind closed doors.  This
  has led to considerable public distrust and resistance, which makes it
  impossible to achieve consensus.
       In our report we point to a number of specific areas such as
  telecommunications and banking where the government should actively
  promote the adoption of encryption. For example, the privacy of the
  cellular phone and the security of the nation's telecommunications
  networks should be enhanced through the use of cryptography.  In the case
  of the cellular phone many people have at home, the digital signals sent
  between the cell phone and the cell's ground station could be encrypted.
  This would prevent eavesdroppers from listening in on conversations.
       Overall, we believe that adoption of our recommendations would lead
  to enhanced protection and privacy for individuals and businesses in a
  many areas, while also bolstering the international competitiveness of
  U.S. companies.
       My colleagues and I will now entertain questions from the media.
  Before asking a question, please step to an aisle microphone and state
  your name and affiliation.

@_date: 1997-12-15 15:48:45
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Interview with Cindy Cohn 
There's an excellent but short interview with Cindy Cohn, the attorney
on the
Bernstein Snuffle case, on the San Jose Mercury site:
She has a knack for getting to the crux in clear and logical steps.
Good stuff -- should make it all obvious to the judges!
        Jim Gillogly
        Sterday, 25 Foreyule S.R. 1997, 07:34
        12.19.4.13.12, 2 Eb 10 Mac, Second Lord of Night

@_date: 1997-11-05 01:54:56
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: S/MIME 
There's a good reason this viewpoint is unpopular: it includes the tacit
assumption that strong crypto is harder to do than weak crypto.  In fact
that's not the case.  It's as fast and easy to do RC4/128 as to do
RC4/40 -- the only extra resource is keying material, which is cheap.
The  reason to use weak cryptography is political.
I'll also challenge your "If you know that your cryptography is weak"
most people have no idea what cryptography is, and at best can look at
little key to see if they're on a secure page.  Explaining to them that
not really secure is normally possible in a one-to-one tutorial, but most
people just want to get their work done, and if the program says they're
in secure mode, they'll feel free to send their SSN/SIN/NID and their HIV
status.  They  know their cryptography is weak, even if you tell
Bad idea!  Bad!
        Jim Gillogly
        14 Blotmath S.R. 1997, 18:27
        12.19.4.11.12, 1 Eb 10 Zac, Seventh Lord of Night

@_date: 1997-11-24 00:41:20
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Seeing Both Sides 
Kent Crispin says:
*I'm* not.
        Jim Gillogly
        Highday, 3 Foreyule S.R. 1997, 16:28
        12.19.4.12.11, 7 Chuen 9 Ceh, Eighth Lord of Night

@_date: 1997-10-16 03:01:11
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Personal use crypto export 
I'm moved to repeat Matt Blaze's exercise of a couple of years
ago, where he went through the rigamarole to get an Official
Paper from Customs or State or whoever was in charge to take his
laptop out of the country with crypto on it for his personal use
overseas.  His experiences finding the right person to talk to
to get a form, then his inability to find a Customs official to
look at it on the way back, were semi-hilarious.
However, now that crypto exports in general have moved from ITAR
to EAR and BXA is in charge of general crypto exports, I can't find
out how to get the right form to take out a laptop with PGP (or
anything else) on it.  Can anybody give me a pointer to whoever
thinks they're in charge of this stuff?
Or have they given up on this phase?

@_date: 1997-09-28 03:20:14
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Why the White amendment is a good idea 
While a cryppie center wouldn't help the FBI keep up with strong
cryptography used well, they would find it very useful in dealing
with weak cryptography and with strong cryptography used bozotically.
The recent Denning and Baugh study on how much harm crypto has done to
law enforcement investigations points this out strongly.  They found
that crypto has not in fact prevented successful investigation and
prosecution.  They did encounter crypto, and in each case they were
either able to break it (because it's cheesy McCrypto Wordmaster kid
crypto), or they were able to find the keywords or plaintext somewhere
in the perp's house or computers.
Until we have serious seamless apps, there will be plenty of chances
for law enforcement to get at the plaintext one way or another.  Do
you use your super-4096-bit-RSA-key-international PGP under Windows?
If so, do you disable and wipe your swap file?  Do you use it under
Linux?  If so, do you even know where your swap file is?  The FBI
with a competent cryppie center would.
Just because they couldn't break the good stuff doesn't mean they
couldn't successfully support the vast majority of law enforcement
Whether this means it should or shouldn't be implemented is another
question -- perhaps it would serve as a spur to people to use their
tools more sensibly, as well as giving the FBI something more useful
to do than spending public money lobbying Congress.

@_date: 1998-12-05 04:23:49
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Streams, Voice, and Sensitive Dependence 
"Lee Davis" skribis:
A number of attempts have been made to apply chaos to cryptosystems.  The two
that I've broken suffered from the same fault: although it's difficult to find
the precise starting point (key) due to sensitive dependence, chaotic systems
are by definition non-random, and have preferred orbits.  If the cryptanalyst
finds an orbit that's close to the one used by the actual key, the stream is
mostly the same; this is good enough to hone the attack for the next pass.
I'm not saying chaos has no applications in cryptography; only that the
applications are not obvious.

@_date: 1998-12-05 05:01:45
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: joy of export, h/ware 
Michael Motyka  skribis:
The question was "in the real world": in this case, as opposed to artificial
challenges, you often (or normally) do have access to known or chosen
plaintext.  This can involve expected headers ("\nSubject: " somewhere near
the beginning of a message has a good chance of giving you a 64-bit block),
standard plaintext (".  The " is a perennial favorite), or known C idioms
(" \n") can all be tried.
The EFF hardware is set up to look for various kinds of patterns.  For
example, it can check the high bit on the recovered plaintext, to see
whether the result is ASCII.  This is certainly the easiest way to get
in if you're breaking normal uncompressed messages or source code.  If
it's compressed, you still may be OK -- most compression packages put
magic file identifiers at the beginning, and some have guessable trees
If you're breaking a transaction stream it's likely to be even easier,
with the standard headers, even if you don't go to the trouble of
injecting your own know transaction into the stream.

@_date: 1998-12-09 03:45:52
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Government-enraging programs 
One way to determine which programs are the best for this purpose would be
to study what various governments have taken some action on.  Some obvious ones:
  PGP (various versions, high level of government interest)
  Snuffle (extended US litigation)
  All the AES candidates (strictly-controlled dissemination from NIST)
  SecureOffice (Charles Booher's program -- US government has taken action)
  Applied Cryptography disk (US export license denied)
It would also be nice to have an infrastructural component, such as (when
ready for mass distribution) the Linux/FreeSWAN IPSec release; this doesn't
have quite the cachet of programs on which the government has already weighed
in, though.

@_date: 1998-12-17 03:34:17
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Network Associates' KRA Partner status 
Bruce Schneier said in the "News" section of Crypto-Gram:
Someone responded:
I remember hearing this at the time.  The cited article (8 Dec 1997) has
supporting quotes from NAI's Gene Hodges.  In addition, Dave Del Torto
wrote to the secretary of KRA last month and got a response from
secretariat staffer Michael LoBue on 20 Nov 1998 that addresses this
point in passing:
    Indeed, some of this current 'public debate' about NAI's
    relationship with the KRA goes back to their public statement
    that they 'withdrew' from the organization. The fact of the matter
    is that they simply did not choose to become an actual member at the
    time the organization was formally constituted. When it was reported
    that they withdrew, there was in fact no entity from which to withdraw.
While the actual status of KRA is interesting, the relevant point is
that NAI did indeed say they were withdrawing, and they did withdraw
from participation in the nascent organization.
It was more explicit than this.  Michael LoBue said further:
    Concerning Network Associates membership in the KRA, in response to your
    question I have verified that our files contain an executed Membership
    Agreement for Network Associates (dated July 2, 1998), as well as a properly
    completed Application for Membership of that same date. This is not just accepting the existing membership status of TIS.  It's
reversing NAI's non-membership status and explicitly joining.
DDT's message and KRA's response were posted to several lists on 22 Nov 1998.
Somebody'd better write this all in a physical book before the wrong version
gets scribbled into history.  Webbage is nice, but is regrettably transient.

@_date: 1998-12-17 06:33:44
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Network Associates' KRA Partner status 
Somebody said in response to my quoting the message from KRA to
Dave Del Torto:
Whether or not KRA had a legal existence at the time NAI withdrew from
it, my main points (and yours, assuming you're the same Somebody as
before) still stand.  NAI did announce after the PGP acquisition that
they were withdrawing from KRA, whatever its legal status at the time,
and they did take explicit action to join, rejoin, or transfer TIS's
membership to themselves.  It was  simply a passive acquisition of
the TIS membership as a result of absorbing TIS.
Our points of difference seem to be much smaller than our agreements,
and the recent Schneier article doesn't appear to match this version
of history.

@_date: 1998-12-18 11:54:12
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Comrade Klinton at it again 
Somebody said:
Fitting?  I find the occasional anti-American hyperbole around here
rather depressing.  I'm reminded of 30-year-old engineers talking
about the depression of the 80's!  If you don't see the difference
between the US and Nazi Germany, you need to do a lot more reading.
While the anti-privacy activities of the administration and law
enforcement are threatening and need to be resisted, they are by no
means on a par with the excesses of the Nazi leadership.
In any case, Gen. Erwin Rommel (the Desert Fox) was never a Nazi.

@_date: 1998-12-23 03:22:11
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: politically correct bomb graffiti 
~> WASHINGTON (AP) -- Defense Department officials said Monday they were
~> distressed about ``thoughtless graffiti'' referring to the Islamic holy
~> month of Ramadan on a Navy bomb being prepared for dropping on Iraq.
While I also would be more offended by someone bombing me into a
thin film of viscera and connective tissue than by having them
ridicule my beliefs, I think the Pentagon was more concerned about
the effect on our allies in the Gulf.  The recent bombing was an
attack against the Iraqi military and leadership rather than on
Islam, and having that graffito get big airplay could offend other
countries that we'd prefer not to offend.  So while they looked
silly complaining about the Ramadan reference, they'd have looked
worse if they'd passed it off with a shrug and/or another ethnic
or religious slur.
There is of course a long tradition of personalizing ordnance; ISTR
that the bomb in Dr. Strangelove had more of a message than just its

@_date: 1998-01-08 21:25:52
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: rant on the morality of confidentiality 
Why limit your annoyance to government scientists?  Scientists
in private industry are in the same position, developing (e.g.)
algorithms and analytical methods protected by trade secrets.
Society recognizes this tendency and tries to advance science
anyway by offering patent protection.  You don't make money by
giving away your intellectual capital.  Seems to me that schools
and independently wealthy scientists/foundations are the only
ones who don't merit your censure on this count.

@_date: 1998-01-09 03:05:23
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: rant on the morality of confidentiality 
I'm not adding antibusiness sentiments -- I'm questioning why the
Vladster limited his angst to government.  I did, in fact, choose
to work in private industry, and I'm not opposed to inventors
reaping the rewards of their brain power -- and that goes for the
inventors of public keys and RSA, who I feel earned their rewards.

@_date: 1998-01-26 01:25:16
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Tossing your cookies [Re: Why no "Banner Ad Eaters"?] 
Heinz-Juergen Keller skribis:
Works fine on Unix and Linux systems if you're not a cookie fan:
the remote sites think you've eaten their cookies, but you've
merely frisbeed them into the bit bin.
It's better than telling Netscape you want to be asked: some
sites set a dozen cookies per hit, seems like, and saying "no"
to each gets immediately tedious.  If you tell Netscape to reject
them, some sites won't serve you the content.  Setting the browser
to accept everything and linking cookies.txt to /dev/null works
well for me.

@_date: 1998-11-13 09:34:40
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: GOST 
I saw this report also, and took it to be a standard journalistic garble.
It seems more likely to me that the package used by the child porn types
was Kremlin, which produces .kgb files.

@_date: 1998-11-14 08:20:45
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Rivest Patent 
It's a little bit more complicated than that.  RC6 will be available
without licensing charges to anybody if it's tapped as the official
winner of the AES bakeoff.  If it's not selected, then it's my
understanding that RSADSI (Security Dynamics?) may choose to require
payment for licensing -- I assume based on the RC5 patent.  The current
understanding is that AES candidates sign over their rights only if they
are selected.  Several candidates have been explicitly put into the
public domain in advance of the selection process; RC6 is not one of these.
Please correct me if it's more complicated than .

@_date: 1998-11-18 17:26:12
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: manners and piracy 
and then took issue with somebody obscenely taking him to task for
asking these lists for a pirated version of this software:
Bernardo, this package costs in the neighborhood of $900 US.  What makes
you think the mannered intellectuals you expect to find on these
lists would either condone or contribute to software piracy on this
scale?  Or that they would not take violent verbal objection to the
suggestion that they would do so?
Take your piracy requests elsewhere.  These aren't warez lists.

@_date: 1998-11-20 00:05:14
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Piracy and cypherpunks 
Hurm.  Does Tim May advocate passing around unlicensed copies of an $895
Statgraphics program?  I think I must have missed that post.  In any case,
cypherpunks are not a monolithic bunch.  While many (like me) are wild-eyed
libertarians of one flavor or another, others are feds, corporate shills,
government apologists, prepubescent hackers, and (d'oh) working professionals
in the computing industry.  I, for example, do believe that the concept of
intellectual property makes sense in some cases -- e.g. the inventions of
public-key encryption and the RSA algorithm, which were important breakthroughs
that merit substantial rewards, and I recognize that this is probably not a
majority cypherpunk opinion.  I do  appreciate patents on all the
ticky-tack trivial modifications of every silly algorithm that nobody else
thought was worth patenting.
However, pirating commercial software is not a good way to make your protest.
If you don't want to pay for it, write your own version and make it freely
The difference is that the porn spammers don't read the lists they spam,
so complaining on the list does no good.  The piracy request came from a
fairly regular poster to this list.  Big difference.  One kind of complaint
might lead to a behavioral change, and the other leads only to more noise.
If I  be mannered and intellectual when addressing wannabe software
pirates, I'll quote Catullus:  Pedicabo et irrumabo, Mentula!

@_date: 1998-11-20 01:04:52
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Goldbach's Conjecture - a question about prime sums of odd numbers 
If this is boiling down to a definition of primes, I'll haul out my Hardy &
Wright, page 2:
    A number p is said to be prime if (i) p > 1, (ii) p has no positive
    divisors except 1 and p.  ...  It is important to observe that 1 is not
    reckoned as a prime.
My number theory class at college (admittedly that was three decades ago)
also started the prime series at 2 and went up from there.  The term
"odd primes" always meant 3 and above, not 1 and above.

@_date: 1998-11-24 05:37:43
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Is Open Source safe? [Linux Weekly News] 
The "data kidnap" scenario was tried with the "PC CYBORG (AIDS) virus"
(actually a Trojan) scare of 1989, where a disk with a database
application was sent to a number of recipients.  I think it scrambled
the FAT.  It gave a post office box in Panama for the ransom payments.

@_date: 1998-10-13 00:47:04
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: FBI to inaugurate national DNA database 
SJMC retails a report from today's NYT:
Executive summary:
- Computer at secret location
- Access limited to LE
- All sex offenders get to contribute; felons in some States;
  other contributors not yet determined.

@_date: 1998-10-13 23:55:16
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Soccer Moms? 
Ken Brown wonders about this phrase:
"Soccer moms" are the suburban mothers who efficiently perform any
number of child-rearing tasks, including taking their kids in a
sports utility vehicle (an awful invention) to soccer practice.
Soccer is increasingly popular and available to girls as well as
boys.  Women in general favored Clinton, and soccer moms in
particular are the women most likely to vote... since they're doing
everything else, working in a trip to the polls is nothing to them.
Probably sounds as arcane as "Sloane Rangers" does over here, eh?

@_date: 1998-10-14 23:52:56
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: ATTN: BlackNet, sog's keys 4 sale 
For the record, that key was factored by a team consisting of Paul Leyland,
Arjen Lenstra, Alec Muffett, and Jim Gillogly.

@_date: 1998-10-18 06:23:09
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Jon Postel 
----------forwarded from Dave Farber's IP list------------
I, and others I fear, have spent a sleepless night after hearing of the death
of Jon Postel last night. This morning there was a  note in my mail box from
Vint Cerf that said many of the things I feel at this time. I asked him for
permission to send on which he granted.
I also remember Jon. I was his primary thesis advisor along with Jerry Estrin
and I remember with fond memories the months spent closely working with Jon
while his eager mind developed the ideas in back of what was a pioneering
thesis that founded the area of protocol verification.  Since I was at UC
Irvine and Jon at UCLA we used to meet in the morning prior to my ride to UCI
at a Pancake House in Santa Monica for breakfast and the hard work of
developing a thesis. I gained a great respect for Jon then and 10 pounds of
I will miss him greatly. Jon was my second Ph.D. student. The first, Philip
Merlin, also died way before his time.
 October 17, 1998
I REMEMBER IANA
Vint Cerf
A long time ago, in a network, far far away, a great adventure took place?
Out of the chaos of new ideas for communication, the experiments, the
tentative designs, and crucible of testing, there emerged a cornucopia of
networks. Beginning with the ARPANET, an endless stream of networks evolved,
and ultimately were interlinked to become the Internet. Someone had to keep
track of all the protocols, the identifiers, networks and addresses and
ultimately the names of all the things in the networked universe. And someone
had to keep track of all the information that erupted with volcanic force from
the intensity of the debates and discussions and endless invention that has
continued unabated for 30 years. That someone was Jonathan B. Postel, our
Internet Assigned Numbers Authority, friend, engineer, confidant, leader,
icon, and now, first of the giants to depart from our midst.
Jon, our beloved IANA, is gone. Even as I write these words I cannot quite
grasp this stark fact. We had almost lost him once before in 1991. Surely we
knew he was at risk as are we all. But he had been our rock, the foundation on
which our every web search and email was built, always there to mediate the
random dispute, to remind us when our documentation did not do justice to its
subject, to make difficult decisions with apparent ease, and to consult when
careful consideration was needed. We will survive our loss and we will
remember. He has left a monumental legacy for all Internauts to contemplate.
Steadfast service for decades, moving when others seemed paralyzed, always
finding the right course in a complex minefield of technical and sometimes
political obstacles.
Jon and I went to the same high school, Van Nuys High, in the San Fernando
Valley north of Los Angeles. But we were in different classes and I really
didn?t know him then. Our real meeting came at UCLA when we became a part of a
group of graduate students working for Prof. Leonard Kleinrock on the ARPANET
project. Steve Crocker was another of the Van Nuys crowd who was part of the
team and led the development of the first host-host protocols for the ARPANET.
When Steve invented the idea of the Request for Comments series, Jon became
the instant editor. When we needed to keep track of all the hosts and protocol
identifiers, Jon volunteered to be the Numbers Czar and later the IANA once
the Internet was in place. Jon was a founding member of the Internet Architecture Board and served
continuously from its founding to the present. He was the FIRST individual
member of the Internet Society I know, because he and Steve Wolff raced to see
who could fill out the application forms and make payment first and Jon won.
He served as a trustee of the Internet Society. He was the custodian of the
.US domain, a founder of the Los Nettos Internet service, and, by the way,
managed the networking research division of USC Information Sciences
Jon loved the outdoors. I know he used to enjoy backpacking in the high
Sierras around Yosemite. Bearded and sandaled, Jon was our resident
hippie-patriarch at UCLA. He was a private person but fully capable of
engaging photon torpedoes and going to battle stations in a good engineering
argument. And he could be stubborn beyond all expectation. He could have
outwaited the Sphinx in a staring contest, I think.
Jon inspired loyalty and steadfast devotion among his friends and his
colleagues. For me, he personified the words ?selfless service.? For nearly 30
years, Jon has served us all, taken little in return, indeed sometimes
receiving abuse when he should have received our deepest appreciation. It was
particularly gratifying at the last Internet Society meeting in Geneva to see
Jon receive the Silver Medal of the International Telecommunications Union. It
is an award generally reserved for Heads of State but I can think of no one
more deserving of global recognition for his contributions. While it seems almost impossible to avoid feeling an enormous sense of loss,
as if a yawning gap in our networked universe had opened up and swallowed our
friend, I must tell you that I am comforted as I contemplate what Jon has
wrought. He leaves a legacy of edited documents that tell our collective
Internet story, including not only the technical but also the poetic and
whimsical as well. He completed the incorporation of a successor to his
service as IANA and leaves a lasting legacy of service to the community in
that role. His memory is rich and vibrant and will not fade from our
collective consciousness. ?What would Jon have done?? we will think, as we
wrestle in the days ahead with the problems Jon kept so well tamed for so many
years. There will almost surely be many memorials to Jon?s monumental service to the
Internet Community. As current chairman of the Internet Society, I pledge to
establish an award in Jon?s name to recognize long-standing service to the
community, the Jonathan B. Postel Service Award, which is awarded to Jon
posthumously as its first recipient.
If Jon were here, I am sure he would urge us not to mourn his passing but to
celebrate his life and his contributions. He would remind us that there is
still much work to be done and that we now have the responsibility and the
opportunity to do our part. I doubt that anyone could possibly duplicate his
record, but it stands as a measure of one man?s astonishing contribution to a
community he knew and loved.
----------end of forward from Dave Farber's IP list----------

@_date: 1998-10-21 02:26:07
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Homophonic substitution [could you help.....] 
That's the "otherwise" rule right after the four "maps".  If the
2-digit number is divisible by 3 (like the first "36"), divide
it by 3 and count that many letters through the alphabet starting
with A.  The 12th letter (0-origin) is M, so 36 corresponds to M
and L corresponds to 33.
That particular example doesn't use the ciphertext space very efficiently:
only 41% of the available 2-digit numbers are used.  If you must use a
homophonic, I'd suggest a 100-letter pangram, which gives a reasonable
distribution of letters, full coverage of the alphabet, and some chance
of remembering the thing without carry incriminating documents.

@_date: 1998-10-31 01:41:33
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Random array (fwd) 
I said:
Jim Choate responded:
I expressed myself badly.  Steve Gibbons posted a message
to Coderpunks expressing more clearly what I had in mind:
Fill up the high bits of your N words with random numbers and
the low bits with an index from 0 to N-1.  Sort the array, then
mask off the high bits.  If the random numbers were unique, you
are left with a randomly shuffled array.

@_date: 1998-10-31 03:57:15
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Random array (fwd) 
That one's fine, and is equivalent to Knuth's Algorithm P, except
that it does two more additions per iteration.

@_date: 1998-09-27 10:08:34
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Boxer and Fong on encryption 
For California types: Barbara Boxer and Matt Fong responding to questions
in today's SJMC news:
  HI-TECH ISSUES
  1. Did the administration's July 7 decision to let software
  companies export encryption software to financial institutions in
  certain counties go far enough toward relaxing the rules on
  encryption exports? Why/why not?
  BOXER: I am a cosponsor of Senator Burns' Pro-CODE legislation,
  which prohibits the Secretary of Commerce from putting any restrictions
  on the export of encrypted items -- regardless of bit or key length. The
  administration's proposal did not go far enough at all.
  FONG: The administration's new policy simply does not go far enough.
  The administration is rightfully worried about national security, but the
  Genie is out of the bottle. While Clinton has stuck to his restrictive
  policy on encryption software, foreign encryption products have become
  more sophisticated and more price competitive. US companies should be
  allowed to export encryption software if similar products are already
  available by foreign competitors.
We'd see more contrast with Feinstein's answer.  Too bad  not
running in this race.
