
@_date: 1998-12-02 13:43:00
@_author: jim finder 
@_subject: Matt Blaze arrested??? 
I heard a shocking thing on the radio a few minutes ago.
I'm <*really*> sorry I didn't hear the whole report but I'm
hoping someone here can shed some light,
According to the report a Bell Labs mathematician named
Blaze was arrested at the O'Hare airport today, in some
kind of FBI sting operation.  I didn't hear the whole segment,
but it sounded like it had something to do with passing classified
(crypto?) information to a foreign government.  The part of
the report that I heard didn't say what kind of info or what
he was charged with, but I got the impression that it was either
some kind of ITAR thing or maybe espionage.  They did
say it was part of a long term sting operation and mentioned
something (that I didn't hear clearly) about "other arrests"
that either already happened or were likely to happen soon.
Was this Matt Blaze?  It sure sounds like it must be.  Is
there a crackdown going on? Has anyone else been busted?
Does anyone have more complete information about this?
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1998-12-03 06:49:56
@_author: jim finder 
@_subject: Matt Blaze arrested??? 
Thanks for clarifying this!  I'm very sorry to have
started an unfounded rumor but I'm glad to know
that you haven't been arrested.  Thankfully, it looks like
everyone assumed that I was just making this up, so I hope
no serious damage was done and that the rumor didn't spread.
That said, there <*was*> a radio report.  It was on WBEZ 91.5
last night, and, as I said, I only heard the last part of the
report.  It was a news report about an arrest made at the
O'Hare airport for something involving mathematics
and foreign governments.  I was almost 100% sure they
said it was Blaze of Bell Labs who was arrested, but
I guess it possible that I misheard.  Perhaps they were
quoting you or talking about you for some other reason.
I remember that someone at bell labs (you???) had some problems
with export authorities a few years ago, and maybe this is what
they were talking about?
Anyway, has anyone heard any more about this story, now that
we know it wasn't Matt Blaze who was arrested?
Humble Apologies,
PS I'm using a non-work account because I work for a
large Chicagoland company that does some crypto business
and I <*do not*> want to be seen as representing them on the
cypherpunks list.  Some of the work they do goes against
cypherpunk (and my own) goals, and I'd rather not have
people think I'm speaking for them.
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1998-12-22 01:53:19
@_author: jim finder 
@_subject: Good archive of AES algorithms? 
Is there a good archive of all the algorithms submitted for
AES?  I'd be interested especially in one that also had
info on what's been broken so far, plus implementations and
performance numbers. I can't find all this info on any one
site, but I can't believe that one doesn't exist.
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1998-12-23 13:07:50
@_author: jim finder 
@_subject: Good archive of AES algorithms? 
Thanks to everyone who responded to me on the AES
archive. Most people pointed me to the counterpane.com
web site, which is very nice and well done, and answers
most of my questions. Unfortunately, though, Counterpane
itself is one of the candidates, so the site may not
exactly be unbiased. Is there any site with a similar scope
being run by a disinterested party?
Thanks again!
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1998-12-24 04:26:54
@_author: jim finder 
@_subject: Good archive of AES algorithms? 
Ah, I was so put off by the big brother process for
requsting a CD that I missed those links. Thanks!
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1998-12-25 02:14:51
@_author: jim finder 
@_subject: What's up with C2 and SSL? 
Would someone mind explaining the background of this
dispute? I've seen posted several vague accusations that
imply that (depending on the poster) either Sameer or Ben
have acted badly and unwisely in some way, and that at least one
of them has a "bad track record" with open source software.
I don't have enough information to judge, which I expect is
also the case for many other readers here. Could someone
please lay out exactly what this bad track record is, and
what was wrong with Sameer and Ben's announcements? Otherwise
we all just have to guess what is going on here. Also, what
happened with SSLeay?
Either that, or stop making public accusations.
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1998-12-25 13:33:45
@_author: jim finder 
@_subject: Sammers    eers Theft  of Ben lauries Intellectual 
No, I'm afraid I'm not.
Could you offer either verifiable evidence of the above, or at
least back up your accusation by signing your name? Either would
be better than making an anonymous accusation that we have no
way to verify. I'm sorry I wasn't privy to what ever went on
behind the scene between C2NET, Ben, Ralf, Eric, etc., but
I think I speak for most readers when I admit that I wasn't.
Ben made a serious accusation that an important member of
the open sources and crypto community has a hidden agenda
to subvert the availability of open source crypto code. If it
is false, let this stop. If it's true, then let's shout it
far and wide, and deny them the support of the community.
Anonymous and unverifiable accusations advance neither
All I've seen so far is Ben and Sameer throwing shit at
each other, egged on by anonymous flamers, without anymone
bothering to provider enough information for an outsider to
decide how much of it should stick. Right now, all I can
conclude is that there is plenty of shit to go around.
Ben, would you please spell out your side of the story, and
Sameer, would you do likewise so that we can figure this out?
Anonymous, put up or shut up.
Get Your Private, Free Email at
