
@_date: 1997-04-02 16:51:57
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: FC 97 and www.offshore.com.ai offline 
Has anyone been able to reach  for the last several weeks.  I've been trying to follow up with some email to Vince about getting my fellow FC '97 attendees' email addresses, but to
no avail.
If anyone on the list was at the conference, or has such a list I would appreciate it.
BTW: hi to lucky green, eric blossom, vince and everyone that made FC 97 a wild adventure.
jim burnes
jim.burnes at ssds.com
Jim Burnes
Engineer, Western Security, SSDS Inc
jim.burnes at ssds.com
Sometimes it is said that man cannot be trusted with the government
of himself.  Can he, then, be trusted with the government of others?
Or have we found angels in the forms of kings to govern him?  Let
history answer this question.  -Thomas Jefferson, 1st Inaugural Addr

@_date: 1997-04-23 09:04:17
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Generic announcement 
Thats about the most humorous thing I've read all week.  Typical socialist mindset "we had to control it to set it free".  Sort of like "we had to destroy the village to save it."
This must be the same Orwellian mindset that gave birth to the Waco
"Hostage Rescue Team" concept.
Please don't rescue me.  War is Peace
Love is Hate
I love big brother.
Jim Burnes
Engineer, Western Security, SSDS Inc
jim.burnes at ssds.com
Sometimes it is said that man cannot be trusted with the government
of himself.  Can he, then, be trusted with the government of others?
Or have we found angels in the forms of kings to govern him?  Let
history answer this question.  -Thomas Jefferson, 1st Inaugural Addr

@_date: 1997-08-07 03:04:48
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: "Voluntary Censorship" vs. Govt Legislation 
Considering the volume of email you're
receiving on this topic, I doubt that you
will get around to reading this letter.
But for what its worth, the whole idea
of heading off Federal legislation by
policing ourselves is surrendering everything
that we've won from the defeat of the
British in 1776 to the defeat of the CDA.
(a slight overstatement seeing that the
Brits don't seem to have Parliment passing
CDA laws)
Can you imagine going into a library and
having censorship ratings stamped on the
bindings of all the books there?  The
very thought nearly brings tears to my eyes.
Last week I watched Farenheit 451 and
realized how close we are coming to that
sort of society.
If people want their information censored
then they should "donate" money to their
church and have it write filtering software.  This
would be a great way for churches to make
money -- all tax free.  Chances are that
people would be able to find a church that
agrees with their tastes in censorship.  They
may even attend that very organization.
Think about it!  Rather than bland names
such as CyberSitter or NetCop or whatever
you would have a "Parish Priest" that filters
all references to clerical pedophilia, a "Rabbi
Goldberg" that bans everything it considers anti-
semitic and a "Baptist Minister (southern edition)"
that pretty much bans... well .. a lot.  Microsoft
has been trying to sell user agents for a while.  This
would beat the hell out of Bob.  Someone might actually
use it!  You would know exactly what you were getting
and people won't usually sue their church if they should
happen to miss a nasty URL once in a while.
The church agents could also keep a tally of all the
bad information the kids had been protected from and
the nature of the information -- just in case the 'rents
need to save them from mortal peril.
As for the concept of an RSACi rating
for "news sites" that are "officially approved"
I can only say this is the most Orwellian proposal
so far.  After fifty-plus-years of "official"
news I'd say that most people have had a
belly full.  The pure arrogance of such an idea
is simply repulsive.  To call this hypocrisy would
be a affront to hypocrits everywhere.
Rather than discussing this issue with the
government I suggest you take it to a council
of churches where it belongs and not the Feds.
The last time the Feds staged a morality
play they burned twenty children to death.
For an example of how well the media served
the people during that "rescue attempt" I refer
you to charred corpses of little girls at Public
Affair's Waco Holocaust Museum at:
Would Public Affairs get an official
"news site" stamp of approval?  I thought
When the world is running down
   make the best of what's still around
                                -sting

@_date: 1997-08-07 07:09:23
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: "Voluntary Censorship" vs. Govt Legislation 
Actually I have nothing against categorization.  Sci Fi, Dick and Jane,
Mystery, Horror, Erotica.  Those are categories.  The difference in
is that Mommie and Daddy usually don't let little Susie go to the
alone.  If they go with her (the c-space equivalent of watching her
then they probably won't stand by as she picks up the latest copy of
Lady Chatterly.
As far as I'm concerned parents have a moral duty to filter what their
little ones read, I just don't want the Feds or Microsoft deciding what
the categories are.
Like I said -- most people who care about these things don't mind
if people from their church take the kids to the bookstore.  I assume
that they trust their values.
On the other hand I don't want a "surgeon general's warning" on
Lady Chatterly.  I know you think this is voluntary, but eventually
some parents will get irate over little susie seeing something that
they thought was inappropriately labeled.  A lawsuit will ensue
and then voluntary will be a tautology for mandatory.
It already is in the tax world.  And that, my friend, is the very
thing that Orwell spoke of.  Change the language so that love
means hate, peace means war, good is evil, volutary is mandatory.
As much as I detest censorship I don't have a problem with parents
deciding what their little kids should look at.  In fact I really like
the idea of having churches sell their own filtering software.  What
better way to check your values.
I can't believe the churches haven't thought of this before.  Usually
they don't miss a beat when it comes to generating funds for, ahem,
noble causes.
Maybe I'll suggest it.
BTW: It looks like communicator is formatting my text correctly again.
When the world is running down
   make the best of what's still around
                                -sting

@_date: 1997-08-21 04:28:42
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: (Fwd) Release: Texas & Ruby Ridge killings (fwd) 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
NEWS FROM THE LIBERTARIAN PARTY
2600 Virginia Avenue, NW, Suite 100
Washington DC 20037
For release: August 19, 1997
For additional information:
George Getz, Deputy Director of Communications
Phone: (202) 333-0008 Ext. 222
E-Mail: 76214.3676 at CompuServe.com
Bring Marine and FBI killers to justice,
demands outraged Libertarian Party
        WASHINGTON, DC -- It's now legal for Marines to use
high-powered M-16 assault rifles to kill American high school students
and for FBI sharpshooters to gun down mothers holding their infant
daughters -- without worrying about any criminal penalties, the
Libertarian Party charged today.
        "In America today, your innocence is no guarantee that you
won't be killed by your own government," said the party's national
chairman, Steve Dasbach. "And incontrovertible proof of guilt is no
guarantee that military personnel or FBI agents will be charged with
any crime."
        Dasbach's comments were part of an outpouring of outrage that
followed the decision late last week by a grand jury in Texas not to
prosecute a Marine corporal who shot dead an 18-year-old high school
student, and by the Justice Department not to file charges against four
FBI agents involved in the killing of Vicki Weaver at Ruby Ridge,
Idaho, in 1992.
        "These two decisions show that the government is more concerned
about protecting the military and the FBI from justice than protecting
innocent civilians from death," charged Dasbach.
        The two cases -- while separated by five years and involving
different government agencies -- are graphic examples of why so many
Americans fear their government, said Dasbach.
        In Redford, Texas, Esequiel Hernandez, Jr. -- a "shy,
hard-working" young man, according to neighbors -- was gunned down by a
four-man squad of U.S. Marines in May as he grazed his herd of 45 goats
on his family's farm. He was the first American killed by U.S. soldiers
on U.S. soil as part of the War on Drugs.
        The grand jury ruled that the Marines were acting in
self-defense when they shot Hernandez -- despite overwhelming evidence
that the high school sophomore never saw the camouflaged Marines in the
first place.
        "This grand jury has sent a deadly message: Anything goes in
the War on Drugs," said Dasbach. "This so-called war has become a
military shooting war -- with M-16 assault rifles pointed directly at
American citizens."
        The grand jury's ruling caused a firestorm of criticism;
charges of a military cover-up; and demands for a Justice Department
investigation because of numerous inconsistencies in the "official"
version of the events.
        The military claims that Hernandez opened fire with his
antique .22 rifle on the four Marines, who were lurking in the scrub
brush while on a covert drug-surveillance mission.
        In response, they stalked Hernandez for several hundred yards,
and Marine Corporal Clemente Banuelos killed him with a single shot
from a high-powered M-16 assault rifle. According to Texas Rangers,
Hernandez was shot in the side, while facing away from the Marines.
        Hernandez lay bleeding -- his red blood pouring into the dusty
gray hillside near the Rio Grande River -- for 22 minutes before the
Marines called for emergency aid. The young victim had never been
suspected of or arrested for any criminal or drug-related activity.
        After the shooting, the Pentagon pulled 240 military personnel
from the border area, and said the policy of using the U..S. military in
covert anti-drug efforts on American soil was "under review."
        "Was the military upset over the death of an innocent
civilian?" asked Dasbach. "No. The Pentagon was concerned because the
Marines might face criminal penalties for gunning down a high school
        In fact, after the grand jury was convened, Pentagon spokesman
Navy Lt. Cmdr. Scott Campbell complained that counter-drug operations
"are not fair to the members of our armed forces," because it exposes
them to "legal liability."
        In response, the Pentagon said it will ask border states like
Texas, California, Arizona, and New Mexico to sign "status of forces"
agreements with the federal government, which limit U.S. troops'
liability to local criminal law. Such an agreement would be similar to
those the U.S. government signs with foreign nations where American
troops are stationed.
        The case involving the FBI dates back to 1992 -- to the bloody
shootout at Ruby Ridge, Idaho, between the FBI and white separatist
Randy Weaver. During that standoff, an FBI sharpshooter killed Vicki
Weaver as she stood in the doorway of their mountain cabin, holding her
11-month-old daughter in her arms.
        After Randy Weaver surrendered, FBI officials destroyed
documents that detailed the bureau's unorthodox "shoot to kill" orders,
and one agent currently faces jail time for that cover-up.
        But the Justice Department ruled last week that it would not
bring criminal charges against four other senior FBI officials, and
ruled that the FBI gunman who fired the fatal bullet did not commit a
"civil rights" violation by killing Vicki Weaver.
        "No wonder Americans are so concerned about violent crime,"
said Dasbach. "They see criminals in our Armed Forces and in the FBI
committing murder and walking away without punishment -- while their
victims lie in their graves.
        "But Esequiel Hernandez, Jr. and Vicki Weaver aren't the only
victims here. The belief that in America, justice will prevail has also
been mortally wounded. The only cure: For the judicial system to take
immediate steps to bring the killers of these innocent Americans to
justice," he said.
        In addition, Dasbach said the federal government should
immediately demilitarize the War on Drugs, to make sure that another
Redford, Texas-style killing does not occur. Specifically, he
        * Decommission the 8,000 military personnel and thousands of
National Guard troops who are participating in anti-drug missions on
U.S. soil, or reassign them to national defense tasks.
        * Immediately terminate all military spending on the War on
        * Demilitarize the U.S./Mexico border.
        * File criminal negligence charges against the military
commanders who sent heavily armed, poorly trained Marines onto private
property, putting American civilians at risk of death.
        "By taking these steps, some good can come from the tragic
death of Esequiel Hernandez, Jr.," said Dasbach. "The U.S. government
can use this opportunity to stop waging war against its own citizens --
and, instead, wage a war for justice."

@_date: 1997-08-21 08:30:11
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: (Fwd) Release: Texas & Ruby Ridge killings (fwd) 
Yes...the "-------- Forwarded Message Follows ------" line.
Unless you already took that into account in which case its
probably the ">" symbols or something to that effect.

@_date: 1997-08-28 08:53:58
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Bernstein decision 
Of course, but Commerce may keep harassing people who attempt
crypto export.
One thing that occurred to me was that if Commerce prosecutes
everyone but Bernstein, then Mr. Bernstein could become a
_very_ wealthy man.
Think about it.  How hard would it be to include the Snuffle algorithm in PGP, etc.  How much for a Bernstein crypto license?
Talk about muddying the waters.  Mr Bernstein keeps upgrading
his algorithm until it becomes a major portion of most crypto
packages.  This decision looks like the first major chink in
the armor.  Depending on how long it takes to free up the rest
of the algorithms (if ever) Bernstein could recoup his legal
investment many times over.  Better yet if its public domain
then everybody could include it _now_.  An interesting type
of virus.
Jim Burnes

@_date: 1997-12-03 07:17:14
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Censorware Summit 2.0, from The Netly News 
I've mentioned this half in jest before, but why don't all
the moralistic fanatics petition their church to come up with
filtering software.
That way you could be sure what kind of stuff your church
were filtering out.  In doing so you would be providing
a powerful check on the values of your religious institution.
Since hard-core profit motives would be eliminated you could
check if your church actively filters specific sites.  This
is something the net-nanny software doesn't allow you to do
because their filter lists are proprietary.
I know the RC church has plenty of additional clergy to devote to such a noble task  ;-)
The types of filtered information are up to your church:
Anyone care to submit major censoring categories for each
church? ;-)  Maybe the best way for cypherpunks to attack
this is to come up with free generic filtering software that
any well recognized group can develop filtering lists for.
Wait -- a name is coming to me -- GNUSitter?
Please append your filtering categories here:
Roman Catholic:
Southern Baptist:
All hail Eris!

@_date: 1997-12-04 07:28:02
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: CDT and the Threat of Gov't Intervention 
I believe I've been beating the drum for that one for a couple months.
Now all we need is to talk to a winsock geek and find out how we
can wedge our software into the winsock layer so that we could release
roll your own censoring software.
We then sell it to all know religious organizations (including those not
necessarily claiming to be ;-).  A small royalty from every thousand
copies sent out is then put into the retired cypherpunks relief fund. seriously.  rather than complaining that many people find some
material objectionable to their tastes we should take advantage of it...and make it widely available.
All those millions of dollars sent to churches could then be spent
on services delivered to the member families to babysit their kids.
Net effect...Clinton/Bore/Freeh/etc fascist dreams of controlling
the net go up in smoke..
worth it?

@_date: 1997-12-04 09:35:30
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Censorial leftists (Was: Interesting article) 
Man!  Talk about burning bandwidth on politics 101.  The problem
is that you're both stuck using Orwellian newspeak for political
classification.  If people only have a single dimension to classify political beliefs then there can't be very many
Multidimensional political beliefs systems don't hash into the
one dimensional left/right axis very well.   The collision
rate is too high.
For a somewhat better map at least check out the Nolan chart.

@_date: 1997-12-05 02:05:47
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Censorial leftists (Was: Interesting testicle) 
you wouldn't happen to be a member of the subgenious
would you?  if so, say hi to rev. ivan stang....

@_date: 1997-12-05 05:20:52
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Janet Reno warns of "lawlessness on the Internet" 
Simply because everyone (ok..lots) on the planet are already using it. They belabor the obvious in order to build a constituincy. Replace
internet with the word "air" and you have the same effect. "We must protect everyone from the abuse of the air you breath.  Evil,
profiteering businessman will ruin it. Terrorists and pedophiles will want
to breath it too -- so you must let us evil, murdering government types
dole out who breaths the air and what it will smell like." Be afraid.  Be very afraid. (abbreviated BABVA (tm))
these true facts have been brought to you by:
the letter 'F'
and the number '666'

@_date: 1997-12-05 08:46:37
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Censorial leftists (Was: Interesting article) 
ok..whatever.  the argument was not that the nolan chart is the
ultimate basis for political discourse, but that its at least a
magnitude of order better than the one dimensional left-right
number line.
there is also a certain nice symmetry to it.  Left, right, authoritarian,
libertarian are mapped out quite nicely in that space..  the point is
that it *has* space.
if you dont like the nolan chart create your own multidimensional
chart.  anything is better than what the media uses now.
hmmm..  no one says that singapore doesn't work anyomore than
that they say that a team of horses under a whip doesn't work.
the difference is that in singapore the policeman is inside.
there is a fundamental flaw your case.  economic freedom is really the
same as social freedom.  the major flaw in the nolan chart is that it can
only ask questions based on political sensibilities as a function of the
predominant (and flawed IMHO) paradigms of fascism and socialism.  but
then the function of the nolan chart is to find out where people are in
those paradigms and why they might want to be somewhere else
(libertarianism specifically).
In either case, the act of buying and selling things is the ultimate
expression of free association/assembly.  I voluntarily associate
with the guy who makes my pizza, builds my car, mows my law etc.
The control of that freedom is probably a direct violation of the
first amendment, but I have yet to write an actual proof of my
case yet.
It sure beats the hell out of barter.
It sure beats the hell out of theft to attain property.
Not that this doesn't go on.
Everything else flows from this.
I might mention, since this is the cypherpunk list, that crypto
is *exactly* what big brother is afraid of because we might realize
what *kind* of slaves we are and what kind of masters they are.
Incidentally it might actually free us from this prison some
day.  The first step to escaping from your jail cell is understanding
that you live in a jail cell and what kind of cell that is.  Most
new citizens units have a room reserved from birth.
(slave: birth to grave)
Freedom to make purchasing decisions is *the* major component of freedom
in any advanced society.   It is the medium by which we interact
with society at large.  Red Hat software doesn't know who the hell
I am and they probably can't afford to care that much.  What they
do know is that if they configure a really decent version of Linux
that I will give them $50.  It allows me to do my thing and it puts
food on their table.
Economic freedom is what makes it possible for society to evolve into
to something better.  Lack of it eventually dooms the inhabitants
to decide whether to become a hammer or an anvil -- a host or
a parasite.
If you don't think that the population is prevented from making
purchasing decisions then you better get the sleep out of your
eyes and take a good, hard look.  They also like to be safe, and
and thats a big "if".  you forget the one of the major assets
of any citizens life is the number of hours until their death.
it seems to be the opinion of the nation state that those hours
are at the disposal of the state.  when you "work" you are exchanging
the most valuable asset you own for ledger sheet credits.
how much does an hour of your life cost?  what do you sell it for?  how
much does it cost to buy it back?  those are the purchasing decisions that
determine true freedom.  big brother steals hours of your life
and no amount of "voting" will stop it.   That seems to me to
so your saying that people don't mind being happy slaves.  i'm
not sure I would disagree.  sometimes its time for even the
kitchen slaves to leave the plantation.
not sure that was a QED.

@_date: 1997-12-06 03:54:35
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Censorial leftists (Was: Interesting article) 
Nice try, Kent.  This is to be expected by people who have the
internal policeman.  This is like a kitchen slave that says
they like their kitchen.  From a kitchen slave's point of view
a wandering minstrel that doesn't eat as often or as well may
not be as well off.  That just means the kitchen slave is fatter
not more free.  Just wait until they try and leave the plantation.
Indeed this is pretty much the viewpoint of every person in
every country unless the authoritarians have really clamped
down.  My country good or bad with exceptions.
Only from someone who doesn't understand the basics of economics.  I
am differentiating between freedom and hapiness.  I start from the
premise, "as it harms no one, do as you please".  How many nation
states allow this?  Freedom is the opposite of slavery.  I don't
want happiness.  I don't want the nanny state.  I want freedom.
It is a real state, Kent.  I want to do everything I'm personally
capable of short of harming others...and that better be real and
tangible harm.
Lets think about this, Kent.  I am showing you that it has real,
tangible properties -- not some myth or religious belief.  Take
an example citizen unit "Sally".  Sally want's to contract with a company to provide programming
services.  She doesn't want social security.  She justs wants all
the money she contracted for.  Nothing more, nothing less.  The
amount she contracted for has real tangible benefits.  Food she
can buy, free time, better clothes, better education for her
kids etc....
Mr Big Brother steps in and takes a big chunk of it without her
permission.  This decreases the net number of hours left in
Sallys life.  She must work longer hours now.  If Sally is not
the person who decides how the hours in her life should be spent
she doesn't even own her own life.  Who owns it?  I'll give
you one guess.
I'll give you the fact that Sally is permitted (at least in most
Nation States) to become a hermit and own herself again.   But remember
we're talking about the freedom of a society.
I'll also give you the fact that she is limited by other things
like environmental factors, acts of god, her own emotional decisions
to support her parents or something.  These are all voluntary
I'm sorry Kent, but that is a NOP.  Go back to the hermit argument.
Besides, who now is talking about feelings.
Allright, Kent.  Lets play a little thought experiment.  Sometimes
its helpful to remove extraneous bullshit from an argument.  Lets
start with the most obvious cases of non-freedom and work outwards.
(1) You are dead
(2) You have been kidnapped, bound by duct tape into a chair - hand,
    foot and mouth.
(3) You are a physical slave.  Being unlucky enough to be born into a
    slave society or captured during warfare you grow up a slave.  Your
    life is at the disposal of your owner.  You are probably well aware
    of your condition, but have not the resources do alleviate it.
..tell me when to stop, Kent....
(4) You are a psychological slave.  Having let someone else make your
    decisions for you, your mental and physical faculties are at the
    the disposal of the meme controllers.
(5) You are an economic slave.  Having the misfortune of your wealth
    being tied to the fiat of a nation-state, the value of your time
    and the stability of your day-to-day world are at the disposal of
    those who worship power.
Each of these forms of servitude requires more and more information
to detect.  Many citizen units, like fish in a fishbowl, endlessly
swim in circles, happy and content -- never seeing the fishbowl
until they bump straight into it.  The usual reaction is to say,
"hmmm...thats strange" and then they go on swimming in circles
again.  Eventually the housecat comes by and eats the fish next
to them.  This is scary for the fish, but bound by the limitations
of the fishbowl will simply assimilate it and chalk it up to
an act of god.
Very pretty, Kent.  You get an 'A' for prose, but an 'D' for
OK...I'm flitting about those bright emotional icons.  Feeling pretty
good.  I don't like slavery, Kent.  Why?  I don't know.  I'll admit it. Is it rational?  I don't know.  I am a human being with my own will.  I
don't like slavery and submission any more than I like a hot poker in the
eye. If I am bothered by it and continue returning to contemplate it,
please forgive me. Maybe that makes me human. I prefer to voluntarily
serve my fellow citizens.  If you prefer to serve in the kitchen, no
matter how well stocked or lavish, then I pity you.
Did this stuff bother me before I saw it? No.  Did it affect me?
Most definitely.  But I've always had an extreme dislike for
bullys.  Maybe thats another emotional icon, Kent.
OK.  I think we took care of that.  Freedom doesn't mean external
factors.  Freedom means living in an environment and having the
ability to alter or manipulate that enviornment and expand beyond
the environment.  Obviously the jail cell is only free until you
get to the bars or wish to be free from them.  Maybe were getting
somewhere here....
Freedom is relative to your desires much as wealth is.
(desired actions - external-human-imposed-limitations) = slavery
(desired wealth - actual wealth) = poverty
If you are a totally integrated Zen monks who has achieved
enlightenment maybe you could be very happy in a jail cell.
If you play video games all day and eat pizza all night
you are free.
If you discover the limitation that have been imposed on you
and think they are nonsensical, artificial and human imposed
then you are a slave...unless you don't care to explore beyond
those limitations.
What kind of human do I want to be?  I don't want to escape into the
internal.  I don't want to permanantly bury myself in hedonistic pleasure
(but the thought has occurred to me) I don't wan't to immerse myself in
9-5 wage slavery. I wan't to explore the internal and the external.  I
wan't to become more than I am.  I realize these things are available in
this world.  Its just that I don't want to subject myself to the
psychological subjugation that it takes.  Read that "kissing up".  I've
almost reached the point where individual effort can max out without
massive kissing up.  Perhaps that's my own self-imposed prison, but I'd
prefer to advance by serving others in the free market.
But don't worry, I'm still trying.
Maybe you could explain it.  I base my beliefs on the fact that
any civilization beyond a few thousand people must interact via
some type of money, or stagnate.  If you don't understand mutual
coincidence of wants, I could explain it to you.  The society
is then defined by the dynamics of that currency because it
defines the nature of free association beyond the boundaries of
the merely personal (ie: families, friends, jumping in mountain
Who or what guarantees the integrity of that money(s) defines
the nature of the civilization.  Whether it grows or contracts,
whether the people save their hard-earned cash or spend it, the
nature of level of debt, waste, etc.
Notice I'm not suggesting we all return to gold.  But the above
observations still hold.  Who or what guarantees the moeny?  Does the
president guarantee it, the banks individually, the banks severally, the
central bank, the head of the central bank, or emergent market forces?
And people who believe that money is root of all evil are
simply falling prey to psychological slavery.  That meme must
have been invented by people threatened by freedom.  Money
simply allows you the freedom to interact with the society
at large.  It allows you to do anything you would normally
do - good or evil.
  It might as well be "Freedom to worship the
Well I suppose you could argue this, but its provably wrong.
Proof by counterexample:
There are places where you are free to worship the lord, the devil,
the trees or the cracks in the sidewalk if you like.  Without
economic freedom, the freedom to sell or not to sell, to purchase
or not to purchase we'd be living in little mud shacks without
many of the modern advances of civilization.  Money enables
large sectors of the populace to interact without barter.  These
large sectors then specialize and the results of this specialization
and advancement are the history of science.
Personally I like those advances.  Other than that I will agree to disagree with you, Kent.
Have a better one,

@_date: 1997-12-18 01:29:28
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: UK spooks invent RSA, DH in 1973 
Can patents be revoked due to prior art arguments?
Jim Burnes

@_date: 1997-12-18 04:43:23
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: UK spooks invent RSA, DH in 1973 
I was not advocating that they should be revoked, just curious
as to whether they could be.
But your analysis makes sense.  It would be simple for the
government, within the context of the secrets act, to simply
crank out phony secrets and destroy the financial viability
of companies they don't like.

@_date: 1997-12-20 03:32:30
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Freedom Forum report on the State of the First Amendment 
...
Yeah.  The real question is what humans are free to do.  The freedom
to do something is also the freedom *not* to do something.  The freedom
to conduct a transaction (employing someone) must also be the freedom
not to conduct that transaction because the transaction is voluntary.
Making laws against people's decision making ability (i don't want to
associate with you because of "xyz") is making laws against people's
thought processes -- essentially mindcrime.  If you're doing something
to someone against their will it doesn't matter how you came to
that decision.  Its force.  Employment descrimination is not force,
it's abcense of force.
No force, no fraud, no crime.
Freedom of association cannot exist without the freedom to not associate.
I make no assumptions about some peoples strange reasons not to associate.  I advocate water sharing for everyone.  Hail Eris!
(btw: government cannot descriminate on the basis of sex, race,
religion etc because they have already used force to relieve
citizen units of their hard earned cashed regardless.  but making
moral decisions about what to do after force has been committed
is more about making amends than justice)

@_date: 1997-07-12 00:41:37
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: The Recent Trend in "Collective Contracts" 
Yes, Dimitri.  Freedom is also the freedom to act "stupid".  Since
"acting stupid" is a subjective evaluation it implies that one is
allowed to make subjective, individual decisions.   This is as
opposed to having a central authority decide what is and isn't stupid -- telling us how to lead more efficient, carefully planned
Freedom is not necessarily efficient, but it beats the hell out of
whatever comes next.
"Sometimes it is said that man cannot be trusted with the government of
himself. Can he, then, be trusted with the government of others? Or have
we found angels in the form of kings to govern him? Let history answer
this question." --Thomas Jefferson: 1st Inaugural, 1801. 'Nuf said...
Jim Burnes

@_date: 1997-07-17 00:07:26
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: White House "kinder, gentler"-CDA/censor empowerment meeting 
Did you forget your ;-) smiley face or can we quote you on that last
sentence? As far as I'm concerned, if you are forced to give up fundamental liberties the "game" is over  -- soon followed by "politics by other
Our participation as citizens of this country is governed by contract. That contract is the constitution.  This is no game.  Either the employees
adhere to the tenets of that contract or the employers will fire them for
non-performance. Simple as that.
Jim Burnes
jim.burnes at ssds.com

@_date: 1997-07-17 06:32:09
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Rep. Rick White on White House censorware summit (fwd) 
Oh, I'm sure the "smart" people in the private sector will do something.
 ;-)
I don't know if the people at Microsoft will go along with it though.

@_date: 1997-07-17 06:40:53
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: The Real Plan: Making the Net Safe for Censorship 
The current us-private sector may well suck up to the White
House control freaks, refusing to index pages that don't
contain RSACi advirsories.  If this is the case then I assume that new browsers and index engines will pop up
that refuse to do these things.
Any law that forces people to self-censor or that forces
them to truthfully self-censor is tantamount to forcing
people to not lie.  If this isn't an abridgement of the
9th or 10th amendment, I don't know what is.
Unless you are paying for the material or you sign a contract with the index engine stipulating that falsifying the information is breach of contract (and
they pay you for the priveledge to index your site)
I don't see how this could be enforceable.
The very value of the indexing engines is that they
pick up huge amount of information.  They couldn't
afford to pay everyone for their site listing.
What would happen if you rated your site honestly and
then made a change where you said the S-word and forgot
to re-rate it?
Are they going to prosecute for that?  Talk about a
change control nightmare!
This is a ridiculous bunch of crap.
If MS and Netscape and the rest of these guys buy off
on it, its time for programmers and cypherpunks to
start programming again.
Jim Burnes

@_date: 1997-07-19 00:56:10
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Censorware Summit Take II, from The Netly News 
I've always been an admirer of the HotJava concept, if not the execution.  In other words, a dynamically modifiable browser that
"learns" how to handle new objects on-the-fly.  When I first read
Gosling's white paper on Java this was the biggest "ahaa!"
I had.  I believe there is a version that uses Python instead of
Java, but despite the fact that I admire Python quite a bit
Java definitely has the momentum here.
How hard would it be to implement a Java-based browser that has
most of the goodies that we need from day to day (crypto, tables,
plug-ins, etc)?
Implement this thing like Linux so that we get a core team going
and everybody starts throwing in chunks of code, objects etc.
The first cut of this beast could be minimal and with its
hot extensibility could grow to accomodate anyone's needs.
Jim Burnes

@_date: 1997-07-19 01:12:36
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Censorware Summit Take II, from The Netly News 
Slight correction...there is not a version of HotJava that uses
Python.  I was talking about a different product.

@_date: 1997-07-22 00:13:29
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Something of Interest (fwd) 
Somehow I find it unlikely that this is authentic.  Last I heard, Jim Bell
was being held without charges for some incredibly long period of time --
like a month or so. Seems that any lawyer worth his salt could get any conceivable charges
dropped on that count alone.  Admitting to a felony in this case seems
unlikely, but then you never know.
Jim "Habeus Corpus" Burnes
jim.burnes at ssds.com

@_date: 1997-07-22 01:25:01
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Keepers of the keys 
The patriotism quote has null benefit because it can be used against
anyone that has "patriotic" principles that are different than yours.
Thus all patriots are scoundrels when they disagree with you.
This is the same as name calling.
Re: Tim May's quote.  May is pointing out the truism that the world
is full of weak-minded fools.  This is the essential problem of
the illusory democracy that we live in today.  Since in our illusory democracy, the people falsely believe they've excercised their
will via "the vote".
The reality is that the sheeple, lulled into veritable unconsciouness with
an unending stream of monday-night sports, the Home Shopping Channel (TM) and Beavis and Butthead couldn't care a less as long as they feed on the
media/social security/propaganda tit.  Their personal opinions, thorougly
pre-chewed and digested are spoon-fed to them through a port in the side
of their head labeled "fear".
May is just one of the people who has awoken from the anesthesia
(self-induced or not).
We have met the enemy and he is us.
"There is no one so thoroughly enslaved as those who falsely believe they are free." (unknown)
Jim Burnes
jim.burnes at ssds.com

@_date: 1997-07-29 00:45:37
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: New Ratings Categories / Re: Yet another self-labeling system (do you remember -L18?) 
Absolutely.  You know, I thought that this was all taken care
of when the supreme court ruled that CDA was overly broad and
didn't use the easiest mode of "protecting children".
The easiest mode is obviously shelling out the $20-$40 bucks
on babysitter software.  If parents are not willing to pay
a babysitter $20-$40 bucks a year to watch their children
while they go to the football game then they are guilty
of negligence.
I believe what we are really seeing is an attempt at corporate
welfare.  The censorship companies want us to rate ourselves so
they don't have to do the work.
I also think that the feds are using this as the first move
towards an Orwellian society where the "Policeman" is put
inside of us.
One last thing.  This whole concept of a RSACi approved
"news site" is so Orwellian that it boggles the mind.  It truly
demonstrates the arrogance with which the media treats the people.
They must think were really stupid.
Of course, for the most part they are absolutely correct.
On the other hand, how many people are actually aware of
RSACi much less the "approved news" category?
For what its worth...
Jim Burnes

@_date: 1997-06-04 10:09:40
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: McVeigh 
Just thought I'd fire off a few comments re: the okc bombing
Its more like poor innocent workers and kids who are just more victims of the insanity initiated by the Scott, Weaver and Waco murders.  Brought to you by the good government of holy statist
None of those criminals have been tried, much less convicted.
My favorite quote from the Scott murder (I believe it was from the
local prosecuting attorney).
"...well they just lost their moral compass"
And so did McVeigh.
He acted for reasons that had nothing to do with murdering innocents.
I guess this was his US Army training in the Gulf.  I think it was an act of cowardice.  If you have a grudge with some US officials and you think you will be the avenging angel it takes much more courage to attack them personally than to blow up a building.
But if we're talking relative evils then at least his motives were not
to plunder someone's land, to run live stormtrooper excercises
against a church or to collect a paycheck for assasinating a mother (baby in arms) from a safe distance.
The only thing I think he should have been convicted of is conspiracy.  The rest of the so-called evidence is pretty flimsy and
never actually locates him at the scene of the crime.  Of course
conspiracy in an act like that should probably get you life.
...misc rantings deleted....
HB states...
Hmmm.  Well just in case anyone has forgotten, McVeigh was ratted out
by the Michigan Militia when he went to one (1) of their meetings.  This happened because he tried to sell them the idea of blowing up federal buildings.   The MM called the FBI, which admitted it.  I guess the Feds thought..."oh, just another wacko wanting to blow up federal buildings.  We'll get to him later.  Right now we have more important things to attend to - like covering up Waco."
Cool.  Lets set up an excellent strawman to knock down.  How come whenever HB (and other socialist/statists) talk about the opposite of statism they always talk about NAZI's.  (remember National from the Latin "fascia" - - to bind together.  Politically fascism is the melding together of state and corporate interests until each
serve each other well.  Maybe we can identify fascism on the
American scene.  CNN lapdogs reporting Waco "news" directly from
the FBI's on-site mouthpiece.  Other big-time media keeping their
respectful 3 miles from the Davidians' religious community.  (not compound, not cult).  Whatever happened to the reporter in the field from the Vietnam war days?  What about AP filtering out the DEA siezure of a military cargo aircraft importing 1 ton of cocaine into Alameda naval airstation?  What about 60 minutes' analysis of the infrared footage where the ATF was mowing down citizens fleeing the Waco barbecue?  Their experts told them that murder was being committed.
Nothing on TV.
...that's fascism.
(sung to the tune of That's Entertainment)
See above.  The MM rejected him, but the FBI thought he was harmless.
End game.  McVeigh guilty of whatever.  They are probably right.  What I'm more interested in is the nest of viper's behind the man.
Since we're invoking WWII Nazi history, can anyone say,
"burning of the Reichstaag"
Jim Burnes
Engineer, Western Security, SSDS Inc
jim.burnes at ssds.com
Sometimes it is said that man cannot be trusted with the government
of himself.  Can he, then, be trusted with the government of others?
Or have we found angels in the forms of kings to govern him?  Let
history answer this question.  -Thomas Jefferson, 1st Inaugural Addr

@_date: 1997-06-06 01:41:26
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: [CONTROVERSIAL]: A Defense of Terrorism 
Well couldn't class struggle simply mean the difference between wielding
large quantities of power and not.  If thats the case then Stalin was
the ultimate hypocrite when his wonderful revolution attained of
temporary system of government.  That system of government was unstable
in that in failed to allow people to provide for their own and each
other's welfare through free market activity.
As resistance to centralized modes of production increased (especially
with the farmers), the central government systematically starved 20
million people to death.
Reminds me a lot of Orwell's "Animal Farm".
Though I do agree in principle with the idea that corruption runs rampant
at the end of a megapolitical era (for more or less the same reasons),
Stalin was not the first to have this idea.   For a run-down on this
concept check out the much-maligned "Sovereign Individual".
No.  I agree with you here.  I think the difference is in the resolve
of the individuals under this kind of pressure.
make that millions
definitely.  but under what system of law?  for all practical purposes the
constitution is null and void.  the people that run this country do so
under the guise of constitutionalism, but its all a grand facade.  the whole idea of the current government is a type of consensual reality.
(literally so, perhaps?)  When enough people agree that the version of
reality no longer serves them, they will agree that it doesn't exist.
This, of course, assumes they have the power to alter it.
I'm not sure I understand why you assert that C2Net "sold out".  I was
probably out of town at the time this discussion went down.
Jim Burnes

@_date: 1997-06-06 07:11:17
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: IRS Hit 
The defendant is perfectly able to bring charges in this matter against
James Dolan personally.  There is precedent in this.  If my read of
the judge is accurate he is saying, "go after him because he was acting
outside his office".
I can't remember the exact name of this decision, but I think it was
something like "so-and-so vs. 5 unnamed FBI officers".
I'm not a lawyer and I'm not sure how one would proceed in this case,
but some official anti-IRS group should fund it.
Jim Burnes

@_date: 1997-06-07 00:25:11
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: [CONTROVERSIAL]: A Defense of Terrorism 
Thanks for the correction.  (geez...how often is that heard on this
group  ;-)  )
I understand, but my point was that at some point the system of "law" became simply a system of supplicating the masses and no longer serves
justice.  When the system of law ceases to be a system of law and becomes
of system of corruption I no longer refer to it as law.  Important
Orwellian distinction.  Never let the bastards control the definitions and
Clear thought on most matters can only occurr when the definitions
are clear and true.  If I said that my house was a thing with no
roof, no electricity, but it had a good cable hook-up, I may never
know what a real house is.  But I may sense the need to keep the rain off my head.
Oh well.  Its a hard thing to describe.
I guess its like the whole liberal debate on "assault weapons".  They even
have the conservative pro-gun types talking in those terms.  When your
opponent controls the language of the debate, they have already won.
and the like) to support criminalization of crypto use
I said: I'm not sure I understand why you assert that C2Net "sold out". I
was probably out of town at the time this discussion went down.
You said: Yes - review the list archives. C2Net supports criminalizing
domestic use of  encryption for the first time, and also sends threatening
lawyer letters to  security experts who question their products.
If this is true (the bit about supporting criminalization of crypto) it
contradicts everything I know about Parekh.  Im not saying its not
possible, but did they really just come out and say it??
The part about using lawyers to threaten the people who question the
quality of their products is slimy, but predictable.
If you can give me a pointer to the relavent part of the archives
I'd appreciate it.
Jim Burnes

@_date: 1997-06-07 00:33:26
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: NYT on German Net Police 
I live in Denver, Bob.  Let me know what you have in mind.  ;-)
Jim Burnes
PS: I've been wanting to track down some of my FC97 buddies.  Could
you forward me the FC97 mailing list? Thanx.

@_date: 1997-06-12 01:34:33
@_author: Jim Burnes - Denver 
@_subject: [CONTROVERSIAL]: A Defense of Terrorism 
I think you agreed with me there.  I agree with Hayek's observation.
When the government is no longer bound by the "Rule of Law" (c),
it is no longer a rule of law, but becomes a capricious set of
miscellany designed to entrap (when necessary) those who would
oppose the priveledged.
(those with access to large amounts of cash, lawyers, connections
Jim Burnes

@_date: 1997-06-14 01:21:11
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Flag Burning... 
Being a veteran, you should be aware of the freedoms for which you
risked your life.  You are assuming that burning of our flag is intended
to insult the tenets of freedom our country used to be based on.
(unfortunately only for europeans)
Maybe what the person is saying is that "our freedom is going up in
flames".  Considering the barbeque at Waco I would consider this the
ultimate political statement.
"Church burning.  Its not just for racists anymore!"
(sorry i digress)
Political speech.  Love it or shut the hell up.
Just because you find it offensive doesn't mean you should change the
constitution.  Should we amend the constitution to prosecute people
who pick their noses in public, say the f-word or insult your favorite
Man!  Time to take a civics 101 class.
Jim Burnes
son and nephew of people who
thought they were risking their
lives for freedom

@_date: 1997-06-17 06:40:45
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: ACLU/EPIC: First Amendment Pledge Campaign 
Couldn't have said it better myself.  What do they do with presidents who violate their oath of office?   Would anyone notice?
Jim Burnes

@_date: 1997-06-24 00:56:50
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Extremely Disappointing: Political Cryptography 
This has nothing to do with federal crypto regs. It just
had your email addr in it.
Got a question:
Are you the Charles Platt who wrote "The Gas"?
If so, thats great!
I surfed by it yesterday on the Loompanics site.
Jim Burnes
jim.burnes at ssds.com

@_date: 1997-06-24 01:49:29
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Extremely Disappointing: Political Cryptography 
I'm not sure anymore who wrote what, but I think the idea
of having another three-letter agency involved with this is
very dangerous.
Lets take the almost unlimited abuses of the FDA, BATF, IRS etc.  These
agencies have been assigned law enforcement powers by proxy.  The
laws they enforce are administrative law.  There is nothing to
stop them from declaring administrative regs and then calling out
the jack-booted nazi's to enforce them.
Tell me this isn't true.
Plenty of cases of the FDA and BATF doing just that.
Have a better one,
Jim Burnes

@_date: 1997-06-24 02:32:26
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Extremely Disappointing: Political Cryptography 
Sorry for polluting the list.  Accidental cross-posting.

@_date: 1997-05-16 01:33:49
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Anarchy Books 
I would also recommend the classic Heinlein work,
"The Moon is a Harsh Mistress".  As an example of self-organizing
anarchy/panarchy and general libertarian views it has no equal in
fiction.  At this point Heinlein was still at the top of his game.
Very enjoyable and thought provoking read.
Of course, most of you have probably already read it.
I suppose somebody will start talking about Rand here, but I found
her writing a little too strident.

@_date: 1997-05-20 01:29:29
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Nature of Anarchy/ Anarchy of Nature 
Or more succinctly put:
"Without private property there can be no privacy"
                   -anonymous
                   (how appropriate - anonymous quotes on cypherpunks)
Jim Burnes

@_date: 1997-05-28 03:00:34
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Beware of encrypted processors bearing gifts... 
Well...they will TRY...
If this kind of thing gets through without a huge fight from the public in general and the crypto community specifically, then we
get exactly what we deserve.
I will be heading for some quiet island at that point.
All aboard for Vonuatu.
(though I hear its not that quiet these days)   8-)
Jim Burnes

@_date: 1997-11-04 02:51:35
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: What Will Revolution Look Like? 
This reminded me of a wonderful quote from Mr. Jefferson:
"To preserve [the] independence [of the people,] we must not let our
rulers load us with perpetual debt. We must make our election between
economy and liberty, or profusion and servitude. If we run into such debts
as that we must be taxed in our meat and in our drink, in our necessaries
and our comforts, in our labors and our amusements, for our callings and
our creeds, as the people of England are, our people, like them, must come
to labor sixteen hours in the twenty-four, give the earnings of fifteen of
these to the government for their debts and daily expenses, and the
sixteenth being insufficient to afford us bread, we must live, as they now
do, on oatmeal and potatoes, have no time to think, no means of calling
the mismanagers to account, but be glad to obtain subsistence by hiring
ourselves to rivet their chains on the necks of our fellow-sufferers."
--Thomas Jefferson to Samuel Kercheval, 1816. (-: was he describing England or the US?  ;-)

@_date: 1997-11-12 03:20:43
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Mix talks about corporate gubmint by-ins 
I'm not sure that there is anything they can do about it anyway.  The
contract to fix the IRS's Y2K problem won't be awarded until October of
1998 (!!).  That leaves them 8 months until software oblivion to fix the
problem.  They have an estimated 60 to 80 million lines of code to fix and
test. (some of the code they don't have source code for, some of it is in
assembler) The Social Insecurity System started their fixes around 1992 and have
averaged (with 400 programmers) 1 millions lines of code debugged and
tested per year for Y2K. You do the math.
This wouldn't be a problem if the IRS was a self-contained entity, but we
all know that isn't true.  I've downloaded their request for prime
contractors to fix the thing.  It includes dataflow diagrams for most of
their *known* systems.  Using my PDF viewer I had to zoom 8 times (at
about 2-3x per zoom) to go from the total system view to the point where
individual systems began to resolve.
The interconnectivness between their systems is unbelievable.  From a
security standpoint that means that the weakest link in the chain
determines the viability of the whole system. And the IRS's accounting systems are tied into the accounting systems of
every major corporation in the US. The Fed, Wall Street, the US Government's Command & Control System and the
obiting GPS sattelite system all have the same problem.  (ohh...and I
forgot to mention the national railroad car routing system -- "where was
that wheat seed destined for?") The end result would be an interesting study in complexity and catastrophe
theory. For me, I will be on an extended fishing trip somewhere in the Rockies. If the system crashes then the joke will be on the megacorps that
volunteered to fix the thing.  All those US FRN electronic ledger entries
won't be worth the diskspace that holds them. Or so it would seem.  As the programmers who work on the system realize
that it will be impossible to fix the system, they will be buying hard
assets and leaving the Y2K project like rats from a sinking ship. The best thing that congress could do now is (1) chastise the agency for
alleged abuses and push for (2) a simpler tax code that doesn't
necessitate excessive bean counting for the populace and (3) eliminate the
"income" tax and replace it with a VAT tax or preferably (4) get the
several states to pony up a percentage of their sales taxes to the fed -
to be held in escrow every month by the states and forwarded unless the
state has a major gripe.  That would gets the feds attention real quick. It would seem they are implementing (1) and (2) already.  Could (3) and/or
(4) be coming?  I can't believe, giving the paranoia of the Feds, that
they are going to take the risk of letting the Y2K destabilize the entire
nation. Despite the fact that the people in charge piss me off sometimes I really
like the fact that 7-11's open every morning, that I can pick up a nice
greasy breakfast from Burger King if I wan't and that I can buy a new car
or fly to visit my family or place a long distance telephone call or buy a
new 9 gig HD for my Linux box or any of the 10 thousand cools things that
are available in civilization.
If any of the federal infrastructure protection specialists are listening
in on cypherpunks (and we know you are), then maybe you ought to pay some
real close attention to the things that are the most likely to bring about
TEOCAWKI (the end of civilization as we know it).  Y2K is much more of a
threat that the four horseman of the infocalypse. What really worries me is an idea I call "the population carrying capacity
of civilization".  With high technolgy in place the PCC is much greater
than with low technology.  I think thats obvious.  With so much of
civilization (especially the financial sector) depedent on computers, I
think that carrying capacity is about to go way down.  Lets say it goes
down 10% on Jan 1, 2000.  That would be .1*250,000,000 = 25,000,000
I know I'm probably making a judgement error somewhere.  I'm certainly not
a Christian post-contructionist-millenialist.  I'm not waiting for the
savior to come down and bring us all up to heaven.  I don't savor living
in the wild for longer than my camping trip and am not a "survivalist".
I'd just like to keep getting my greasy Burger King breakfast, browse my
Barnes and Noble on the weekends, have a decent cup of java once in a
while and and enough time for my network feed to upgrade to a 320kbps
xDSL line.
Something tells me that if the IRS, the FED, Major Banks, US Army C&C, GPS Satellites and the Railroad shipments fail within months of each
other we are not going to be browsing Barnes and Noble on the weekends.

@_date: 1997-11-12 06:52:19
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: (Fwd) Gotta love the Supreme Court 
Whew.. Well I hope we don't have to depend on the Supreme
Court for further privacy decisions.....
"THE BILL OF RIGHTS: Void where prohibited by law."

@_date: 1997-11-15 05:19:03
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Tim May's offensive racism (was: about RC4) 
Man!  Steely Dan's Donald Fagen couldn't hold a candle
to John's syntactic(*synaptic*?) constructs.  When is John going to share some of those drugs?

@_date: 1997-11-19 09:33:37
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Report on UN conference on Internet and racism 
Interesting.  I was under the opinion that schooling and "social services"
were no more constitutional rights then, say, free food or a pot to
piss in.
Constitutional rights are contractual government guarantees to protect
well known natural rights.  (pleez send all natural rights flames straight
to /dev/null since we all know what they are and have different name for
them) Because of the kind of animals that we are, natural law has evolved as an
emergent philosophical model that protects the right of the individual to
do as they please and to profit from the fruits of their labors so long as
they harm no one else.  I pretty much massacred that definition, but
hey, I'm not getting payed for this.
How can we provide *services* to non-citizens and call that a right?
Who the hell pays for it?
Of course you could make the argument that involutarily providing
services even for citizens is brain damaged, but we call that socialism
and take it up to argue on some other channel than cypherpunks.

@_date: 1997-11-20 02:17:03
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Report on UN conference on Internet and racism 
Either the SC has a different definition of "right" than the one I was taught in civics class in 1973, you misread the decision or
I have the honor of declaring the SC wrong (again).
(I know...how can a lowly citizen like me -- not even a lawyer
have the gall do declare this?  Because I don't get my opinions
from the SC.)
OK.  I'll read this.  To tell you the truth I don't hold a lot of hope for
the SC.  They are the ones that refused to hear the case of the little
girls in public school who were repeatedly strip searched by teachers 'cuz
they might have been hiding 5 dollars. All the courts up the the SC ruled that the it was just a case of
"poor judgement".  This reminds me of the Orange County Donald
Scott affair, where the prosecuting attorney of OC, after refusing
to prosecute the government agents involved, said they "lost their
moral compass".  Of course, after having said this, the prosecuting
attorney did not allude to where the agents involved could go to
find their moral compass.
I'm sure some citizen units have an idea.
I thought this was recently ruled on by our friends in the SC and Prop 187 was found constitutional.
Pretty screwy if you ask me, but the court system doesn't have to
make sense.  Since court decisions seem based on case law and not
any semblance of morality(?) or constitutional contractual obligation judges seem free to find the exact bit of case law
that defends their decisions.
Much like some sort of perverse argument between fundamentalists
each basing their reasons on selected excerpts from the bible.
If you have ever had the priveledge to witness this kind of
battle of the mentally unarmed, you know what I mean.
Then again sometimes a judge just pleasantly suprises the hell
out of me.
go figure...

@_date: 1997-11-22 10:55:14
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Report on UN conference on Internet and racism 
I feel your pain, William ;-)
I suggest we take this discussion towards a more constructive approach.
Lets just start a country in cypherspace.  I'll come up with a nice
serialized certificate of citizenship available in PDF format, suitable
for framing.  With your PDF cert comes a client-side certificate and
membership.  All this for only $1. Whats that I hear you say?
"I'd buy that for a dollar!"
And that's not all!
All you have to do is volunteer to spam the correct legislators
with pro-crypto lobbying.  Enlist to defend cypherspace.
Remember, enlistment guarantees citizenship!
(ahem...now back to your regularly scheduled silliness)

@_date: 1997-11-25 00:48:46
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Report on UN conference on Internet and racism (fwd) 
Reply-To: 6ualdv8 at sk.sympatico.ca
  Did you get enough drugs to share with *everybody*?
Actually I'm fresh out.  I think I'll go back to the coffee
pot and brew some more...

@_date: 1997-10-10 06:53:06
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: export jobs not crypto 
I know this is probably like preaching to the choir, but
I remember Freeh recently saying that there were no significant losses of software exportation to foreign
software companies.
Well he is obviously ignorant or lying through his teeth.
I'm about to recommend a software purchase from a foreign
software company that might exceed   Is that on Freeh's radar yet?
Mind you, I don't care where people get their software, but
if Freeh is trying to calm the America Firsters by saying that crypto imports aren't important I think someone is
congress ought to be informed.
Declan?  You're still out there in the pit of vipers.  Why
don't you tell them.  My congressman doesn't seem to listen
to me.
      "How do you explain school to higher intelligence?"
               Elliot to his brother in ET

@_date: 1997-10-14 00:45:09
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Phone Line Internet (too slow) 
etc etc...
This is too slow upstream for future technology needs.  I'll admit that the
upstream is almost as fast as a 2B+D ISDN setup, but research that I've
done suggest that 384kb is necessary for VHS quality realtime video.
So Nortel will deliver enough downstream bandwith for you to be a video
consumer, but not a provider.  How typical.
I'll wait for xDSL, thank you.
Jim Burnes
      "How do you explain school to higher intelligence?"
               Elliot to his brother in ET

@_date: 1997-10-16 09:16:06
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Rules of Engagement on Video 
I know this isn't directly cypher related, but oh well.
An award winning film, "Waco: the rules of engagement" is now
available on video.  Previously running at Art Houses and Film
Festivals it was produced by a few revolutionary media people.
Somehow it occurred to them that all the right-wingers had beaten
them to the punch making civil rights abuses known to the public.
Can't have any of that now, can we?  Why should *they* have all the
Anyway its been lauded as a very well balanced work.  Not like those
other people -- talking about evil, new world order conspiracies. ;-)
Probably most noteworthy is the included FLIR FBI footage (Forward Looking
InfraRed) which, under expert scrutiny, appears to show LEFs raining
automatic fire down on citizen units trying to escape the final
conflagration.  Here expert scrutiny is defined as the head of research
for the army night vision development group.
Its definitely the cure for those times when GAK starts looking like
reasonable, sensible and prudent alternative. I have absolutely no involvement or monetary connection to these
people.  I just wish they would have put it on video first.
"Is your religion BATF approved?"
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Thanks for your interest in obtaining the video of  "Waco: The Rules of
We are pleased to announce that it is finally available!  Please check the
periodically for ongoing reviews, press, announcements and updates to the
order form.
"Waco: The Rules of Engagement"  Video Order Form
Print, Complete, And Mail This Form With Check Or Money Order To:
SomFord Entertainment, 8778 Sunset Bl., Los Angeles, CA 90069
Questions: 310-289-3900
     1. E-Mail Address:...............................................
     2. First Name:...................................................
     3. Last Name:....................................................
     4. Street Address:...............................................
     5. Apt. No., Other Info:.........................................
     6. City:.........................................................
     7. State/Province:...............................................
     8. Country:......................................................
     9. Postal Code:..................................................
     10. Phone:.......................................................
     11. "Waco: The Rules of Engagement" Video.........Quantity:......
           $25.00 for 1 tape.
           $22.50 each for 5 tapes.
           $20.00 each for 10 tapes.
           Bookstores and Catalogues, Call for Bulk Order Info.
           All Prices Include Domestic Shipping and Handling.
           CA Residents Please Add 8.25% Sales Tax.
     12. Total:.......................................................
     Make Check or Money Order Payable to: SomFord Entertainment.
     Comments Or Special Delivery Instructions:.......................
     Please allow three weeks for delivery. Thank you for your order

@_date: 1997-10-25 04:09:29
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Proof IE4 not an OS, was Re: Bill Gates, the Bully Savior 
This is a non-sequitor.  Any piece of the operating system that runs
idependently of the operating system is, by definition, not part of
the operating sytem.
By that definition Word and Powerpoint are part of the operating system
in lieu of their providing word-processing and presentation services to
the graphic user interface.
Operating Systems are software systems that manage local (and sometimes)
network resources.  In the case of a browser it generally just presents
network content provided by some other entity.  By this definition microsoft could argue that the networked version of Duke Nukem is simply
an OS extension.
To argue that IE is part of the OS is seriously twisting the definition
of OS.  When in doubt, consider "browsing" a good book on operating
I was giving M$ the benefit of the doubt, because I don't want the
government determining what is and isn't part of the OS (and I'm
not a big fan of Janet "The buck stops here" Reno.)  But when M$
starts threatening PC manufacturers with canceled 95 licenses if
they don't make the IE icon standard -- well -- thats beyond the pale.
What is the difference between that and Al Capone threatening owners
of speak-easys with knee-capitation if they sell any beer but

@_date: 1997-10-28 04:06:37
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: DEA trying to subpoena book dealers 
That wouldn't be the Donald Scott case, would it?  I'm so suprised at
you, Tim.  The local prosecutor said they "lost their moral compass".
The poor men! Now go back home, fill out your 1040 and shuddup.  ;-)
Maybe someone will eventually voluteer to go find their moral compass
for them.
the feds want a ban on cryptography
some people want a cryptographic ban on the feds
have a better one,

@_date: 1997-09-06 03:33:26
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: FCPUNX:FBI calls for mandatory key escrow 
There is an interesting analysis of this process in the book, "The
Sovereign Individual".  They point out that during the end of one
mega-political age and the beginning of the next, the agency with a force
monopoly becomes corrupt in the extreme.  The authors define a
mega-political age as a fundamental change in the balance of power between
human predators and human prey. For example, hunter-gatherers to agricultural to industrial to Lets just hope the transition is as quick and painless as
Anyone have any background on the author's of this book?
Lord Rees-Moggs (and someone who I can't remember)
Jim Burnes

@_date: 1997-09-16 03:34:25
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Tim May on "The People" 
(this is a mail messages that got stuck in the
queue a long time ago and just came out)
I don't care.  IQ scores cluster about a bell curve.  Someone has to
fill out the left side.  Most of the left side don't understand
bell curves and that worries me.
The people believe they are free because the powers-that-be allow them to
excercise a relatively feeble "right" to vote.  Somehow, even though we've
had this right since the beginning, things have gone from bad to worse
without stop.
I never said that.  They count and I might say that giving them
the right to vote soothes their nerves because it gives them the
illusion of excercising (rather innefectual) self-determination.
Truth be told, the kinds of issues solved by the "vote" are minor
ones.  Somewhere (circa 1938) the constitutional republic was de-activated and replaced by something horrible and malevolent.
Meanwhile all the real power is wielded by a fascist melding of powerful corporations, politicians and the military/police state.
I think it quite likely that people are born into this world with some
combination of agression, intelligence and empathy.  The eight
combinations of these three variables determine the natural castes
in life.
Watch out for the one with high agression, high intelligence and
relatively little empathy.
I do internet security consulting for a living and get a chance to
interview everyone from the lowest engineers up to CEO's.  Its very
interesting to see what happens when we turn in our security vulnerability reports and see how the people react at the top.
Its a great reflection of character.  Many VPs run scurrying trying
to cover their asses and cover up the facts.  They will destroy
their underlings and force blame on them even when its clear
that their management decisions brought about the current situation.
Often their talent for deceit undermines the very security we
set out to establish putting at risk billions of dollars of
other peoples money.
Relatively little changes from the playground.
The worst are the ones that beligerantly assert that there
is no security problem and how dare we suggest that there
is.  These types are very dangerous because they are not
just reactive, they are pro-active and will destroy the
messengers to cover up their insecurity.  Their tactics are
very clever, quick and decisive.
For whatever its worth....
Actually I'm tired of stating the obvious.  What are the
current outstanding cypher projects?  I'd rather be
writing code. What I need is one more project on the
Jim Burnes
"How do you explain school to higher intelligence?"
                        Elliot to his brother in ET

@_date: 1997-09-19 02:49:09
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Preparing the Remnant for the far side of the crisis 
(and someone else wrote)
Two words,
"Sell Bonds!"
Interesting juxtaposition, eh?
Jim Burnes
      "How do you explain school to higher intelligence?"
               Elliot to his brother in ET

@_date: 1997-09-20 01:46:47
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Because they want to be "players" 
Does this mean that if domestic un-GAK'd cryto is a crime then you get
charged twice?
(1) Once for using un-GAK'd crypto
(2) Once for using cyrpto in the commission of a crime
"..the only entrenched criminal class in America is congress"
Mark Twain
(perhaps slightly paraphrased)
      "How do you explain school to higher intelligence?"
               Elliot to his brother in ET

@_date: 1998-12-08 01:45:15
@_author: Jim Burnes - Denver 
@_subject: Anguilla attached to Wassenar Agr? 
Since Anguilla is a UK protectorate, is it subject
to Wassenar Agreement rules if the UK is a signatory?
Anyone care to predict the next big crypto exporter?
Tonga? ;-)

@_date: 1998-12-16 14:14:26
@_author: Jim Burnes - Denver 
@_subject: DigiCash Update, part II 
Exellent news, Lucky!
Good luck in your negotiations and a beneficial outcome for
business and freedom.
happy holidays,
jim burnes

@_date: 1998-12-17 10:30:55
@_author: Jim Burnes - Denver 
@_subject: Clinton Attacks Iraq 
10K civvies are predicted to expire for this little excercise.  The republicans in grand style stopped the impeachment vote obediently.
Whats your definition of evil?
This is totally out of control.  As much as I dislike the UN, Klinton
is supposed to get agreement with the UN security council.
This amount to a war crime under UN law and maybe that matters to
senate democrats.
This definitely seals the "abuse of power" charges.
Murdering 10k civvies to avoid impeachment just verifies everything
I believed about this guy.

@_date: 1998-12-31 03:03:50
@_author: Jim Burnes - Denver 
@_subject: limitations of fed power (was CLT&G Update: 29 Dec 98 (fwd)) 
That would be a valid point if we were living in that arrangement.  I
like to be a little more specifc.  We are living in a democratically elected
reprentative constitutional republic.
The point of that constitution is to shackle the tendancy of
a bureaucracy from assuming authority over matters never
assigned to it and using its enforcement powers to assure it.
Eventually the people, wallowing in ignorance, forget the infraction and the bureacracy assumes de facto control.
More eloquently stated:
"Our Constitution has accordingly fixed the limits to which, and no
further, our confidence may go... In questions of power, then, let no more
be heard of confidence in man, but bind him down from mischief by the
chains of the Constitution." --Thomas Jefferson: Draft Kentucky
Resolutions, 1798. ME 17:388

@_date: 1998-12-31 03:20:38
@_author: Jim Burnes - Denver 
@_subject: National Know Your Bank Day 
In the interest of National Know Your Bank Day, for what its worth,
I'd like to address the issue of perpetual public debt that the Federal Reserve System and our esteemed Congress has foisted on us.
Here is a wonderful and powerful quote from Mr Jefferson.
"To preserve [the] independence [of the people,] we must not let our
rulers load us with perpetual debt. We must make our election between
economy and liberty, or profusion and servitude. If we run into such debts
as that we must be taxed in our meat and in our drink, in our necessaries
and our comforts, in our labors and our amusements, for our callings and
our creeds, as the people of England are, our people, like them, must come
to labor sixteen hours in the twenty-four, give the earnings of fifteen of
these to the government for their debts and daily expenses, and the
sixteenth being insufficient to afford us bread, we must live, as they now
do, on oatmeal and potatoes, have no time to think, no means of calling
the mismanagers to account, but be glad to obtain subsistence by hiring
ourselves to rivet their chains on the necks of our fellow-sufferers."
--Thomas Jefferson to Samuel Kercheval, 1816. ME 15:39

@_date: 1998-02-06 00:46:43
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Fingerprinting in CA 
If your interested in this problem, I believe that the Georgia
of the EFF is mounting a campaign against fingerprinting on
Can't remember the URL for it though...
jim burnes

@_date: 1998-02-06 05:49:32
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: the best justice/kinds of monopolies 
Thats pretty obvious.  I'm usually the last person to defend
Microsoft, but
cancelling copyright is throwing the baby out with the
proverbial bathwater.
There are a couple of obvious free market solutions.  The first
that comes
to mind is to stop buying Microsoft product.  This needs to be
restated because
even though obvious, it has a number of important follow-on
(1) There are other usable operating systems. (linux, mac-os,
(2) There are other usable applications. (applix, macwrite?,
Why won't people stop buying microsoft product?
(1) FUD helped along by a microsoft reality-altering marketing
(2) The *applications* they write are sometimes quite usable.
(3) Their applications only work on *their* OS (mostly)?  Why is
(4) Their OS, even considering its questionable quality has,
until this
    point, hornswaggled a bunch of developers because its the
    desktop applications API.  Why that is the case is probably
a topic
    for endless speculation -- though it probably comes down to
    version of the "stack 'em deep and sell 'em cheap"
philosophy --     something that Apple still hasn't learned.
(5) ...and most importantly of all...it hasn't become painfull
    yet to stop purchasing Microsoft software.
Hmmm.  Thats a rather sweeping generalization.  Perhaps it would
be more
enlightening to discuss the nature of monopolies.  It is rarely
to enforce a monopoly that isn't a natural monopoly.  A company
will tend
to keep a lion's share of the market as long as continued
in more efficient production gives them greater market share --
you cheaper goods and larger quantities of them.  At that point
nobody cares
because quality goods are being sold as low prices.  When that
breaks down
all natural monopolies start to crumble or revert to their
previous market
Having said that, let me follow it with a big "all other things
being equal".
One of the reasons NT became popular is because they priced
their NT
server not "by the client" as Novell used to, but at a
flat-price (if
memory serves -- which it is doing more infrequently these days
In doing so Novell's market share took a serious hit.  To some
I say good riddance.  Novell server's IMOHO suck as a server
(not to mention truly horrible and snotty tech support).
Novell didn't react quickly enough and lost tremendous market
share.  Are
we suggesting that Novell be protected by the US Justice
I certainly hope not.  You are welcome to go back to those days.
The only other kinds of monopolies are cartels, and government
monopolies of both the public and private kind (the latter being
the most
Cartels always collapse because one of the partners will
eventually see
the increasing profits to be made by breaking the cartel.  When
this happens
the company that breaks the cartel is the winner and the last
one to leave
the cartel may well collapse financially.  If members of a
Cartel get
together and use guns to prevent the breakup of the cartel then
is a lot more like a government enforced private monopoly -- bad
Government-enforced public monopolies like the US Post office
and public
education are wasteful, out of touch with their markets (because
the lack of competitive price feedback) and thus inefficient. have no valid function in a free society and are a waste of
dollars.  The USPS will tell you that everything is hunky-dory
they don't use taxpayer dollars.  What they don't tell you is
that the
difference between the price you pay for their stamps and what
you would
in a free market is your tax.  (this and the strange tendency of
to "go postal" -- you rarely hear about FedEX employees going on
AK47 rampage, must be the water ;-)
Goverment-enforced private monopolies teeter dangerously close
to the
pure definition of fascism.  Fascism, from the latin "fascia"
"to bind together" (perhaps you remember the "fascia" tissue
high-school biology class during dissection of frogs, cats and
unlucky animals).  In this case they bind a force monopoly with
yet-to-be-named monopoly.  Classic examples of
Fascism^h^h^h^h^h^h^h government
enforced-private-monopolies in the US are the Federal Reserve
System, the AMA, and the local Bar associations.  Why is this?  All these
depend on FUD and govt to enforce their services.  "What would
happen if we didn't
regulate xyz is that all hell would break loose and many people
lead lives of horrible desperation.  'There oughta be a law!'
etc...blah blah..."
You know the drill.
Now that we have a perspective on monopolies, perhaps we can
a look a microsoft.  Microsoft is not a force monopoly
(usually), its not
run by the government (thank god), it doesn't appear to be a
(usually) so unless further information comes in it looks like a
natural monopoly.  What does it take to undo a natural monoply?
Build something cheaper, better and more reliable.
Its just possible (and this might be a stretch, but only by a
that Linux, Free Netscape Sources, Java etc might acheive this.
Certainly Apache is more popular than any other webserver.
How you come up with a new product in this type of market
M$ "re-inventing it" and giving it away is anyone's guess.
(1) Hope that Linux/Scape/Java/KDE do something big
(2) Write a Win95/NT compatible operating system that is
    faster and cheaper.  If you can clone a Pentium, you
    can clone Windoze.  (visions of a QNX like OS with Win32
    API dance in my head).  A GPL'd VSTa-based Win32 OS
    would be pretty amazing.  This would be necessary because
    games are a big market and the Linux kernel just doesn't
    have what it takes to do realtime without a major hack.
    How about VSTa/a free DOS emulator/Wine.  If Sun would
    fund this effort it could take a lot of wind out of
    M$ sails.  Probably more than Java.  McNeally would have
    to hop down from his high-horse.
    When will this happen?  When the market gets tired of
    M$ practices and some lucky competitor comes to the
    fore.  Until then there is no devine right to a percentage
    of the operating system market share.
We can only code and hope.
(donning flame retardant vest)
jim burnes

@_date: 1998-02-11 07:51:30
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: FCPUNX:time to learn chinese? 
Wouldn't that be fixed if the state lost its monopoly on
power?  Distribute power and the abusers can't have it
all.  While it may be easy to hookwink the masses with
propaganda (without internet/etc), once force monopoly
power withers it will be difficult to convince Joe Blow
to agree to something obviously not in his best interests.
Or something like that...

@_date: 1998-02-19 02:41:50
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: New technology around the corner [slashdot.org] 
Does anyone else get the feeling that we are on the cusp of
serious exponential change in technology?   I know its been
going exponential for a while, but now I'm really starting
to feel it.  Thats major breakthroughs in two weeks:
1. 170 TB Polymer memory sandwiches (OptiCom)
2. Flat Plastic Video Screens using Light Emitting Polymers "LEPs"
3. massive DRAMS (Hitachi)
ObCrypto: Since polymer transistors seem to be necessary to implement
polymer memory, how does this effect computation speed?  The polymer
transistors must be around 30-40nm and low power.  How long until we
have Polymer PGA,PALS,CPUs?  How fast will they be?  Is it time to add
a few more bits to the public key?  Are there any cipher attacks that
would benefit from obscenely large amounts of fast memory?  Sorry if
this is a naive question to the theorists.

@_date: 1998-02-20 04:07:12
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: PLO censoring pro-Iraqi sentiments 
Art Bell's radio show had a very interesting interview with a
correspondent who was at the "town hall meeting".  As bad as the
footage from Nightline (donated by CNN) looked, most people
don't know what CNN didn't show.
The damage control geeks at the white house are trying to get
you to believe it was just a vocal minority.  Well apparently
the minority was somewhere between 20 and 50 people.  A pretty
healthy minority.  Healthy enough that, during the break, a riot
almost broke out.  (The whole audience clapped when the non-minorities questioners threw some very hardball questions)
What I found interesting was the late night ABC news spin.  They
said a vocal minority had behave rudely, then went on to mention
that a veteran was in favor of doing whatever it took.  What the
veteran really said was something like, "we shouldn't be over there
unless we do it right and take over." (he was pretty angry too)
Then more interesting propaganda during Nightline when Koeppel
asked Albright et al why we should bomb Iraq for "having weapons
of mass destruction" when we never bombed Russia during the
cold war.  The secretary of defense lied through his teeth
(or is totally ignorant - a possibility) when he said that
none of those countries has ever used its weapons of mass
destruction.  I guess he forgot about the Soviets and their
yellow rain campaign in Afganistan.
Maybe what he meant to say was they never used it on us.
Niether have the Koreans.  Niether have the Israelis.
(what weapons of mass destruction did Iraq use on us?
I thought it was the other way around.  I'm trying to
remember where I read the report, but I think the US
used Fuel Air Explosives in the PGWar)
Wag the Dog....
jim burnes

@_date: 1998-01-14 10:11:10
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Freedom Forum report (freedom of association) 
These arguments are all smoke and mirrors unless we figure out
authority lies (? ;-)
As far as I'm concerned freedom of association is implied by
of assembly.  To assemble in this context obviously means to
If it doesn't, then what the hell is it?  To come together in
order to
work things out?  Is that association?  In the context of
for commerce, commerce is just assembling and agreeing on the
of free association.
The authority of a Supreme Court was challenged by Thomas
Jefferson, who
speculated that if such a court were the ultimate arbiter of
justice, then
a tyranny of the judiciary would follow.
So who ultimately judges?  I should think having a federal body judge the constitutional limitations of the federal government
is an
obvious conflict of interest.  In any case, anyone willing to
the constitution and do just a little bit of homework will find
that the constitution is a *limitation* of the powers of the
government, not a broad grant.  This design of the Constitution
seriously undermined when Roosevelt stacked the Supreme Court in
to judge that Social (in)Security was constitutional.  In their
they decided that the welfare clause was a broad grant of power
federal government.  This flies in the face of more than 100
of judicial readings of the constitution, not to mention logic.
If the federal government was given a broad grant of powers in
the Constitution, why did it outline only specific powers?
(In fact, exactly this argument was put forth when Madison(?)
was questioned on the intent of the welfare clause  -- didn't
Supreme Court justices, with their intellectual clout bother to
research the writing of the designers of said document?)
[little know fact: Earl Warren, noted Supreme Court "Justice"
the designer of the Japanese-American Prison camps in the US
If the US Constitution is a contract with the people on the
scope and
nature of their government, then I at least want an outside
of that contract.  All references to Spooner's "The Constitution
of No
Authority" aside, if it is not a contract then were living on
the other
side of the looking glass, Alice. Before someone starts spouting off on "our living
constitution"(TM) someone
please tell me why they didn't strike out the conflicting parts
the constitution when they "grew" it?  Something like
number one, two, five, nine and ten should be amended to read
"unless we say otherwise".  Alterations of public law almost
always specify the
previous laws that are struck down.  In fact, if memory serves,
the repeal of prohibition specifically alters the amendment that
created it.
(It is left as an excercise to the reader to figure out why
needed an amendment to the constitution while prohibition of
mind altering substances did not ;-)
Have a day.

@_date: 1998-01-23 08:02:46
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Premail/PERL 5.004 fix 
I've needed to upgrade PERL recently to 5.004 because
some new software wouldn't work without it.  I didn't
want to do it because I heard it would break premail.
I decided to DL the old perl-5.003 RPM from sunsite
just in case 5.004 really screwed premail up.  The
actual truth of the matter is that 5.004 just warns
you that premail re-declares several variable.  Apparently
this has no effect on the program, but those warnings
are pretty annoying.  Here is now you fix it:
Define a WARN trap that checks a variable (DOWARN)
to see whether it should warn or not.  Since the
re-declarations occurr in three different places
you just have to set DOWARN to 0 before the line
and then DOWARN to 1 after the line.  Crude, but
effective.  Most of this code can be found by
doing a man page on 'perlfunc', but I thought I'd
save someone the time.
Here is the diff for premail version .449.
Your milelage may vary...
Jim Burnes
jim.burnes at ssds.com

@_date: 1998-01-24 03:27:55
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: PGP SDK integrated into Communicator 5.x Mail? 
I'm sure I'm not the first one to think of this one.
With Communicator 5.x source code being free, how long
will it take for someone to integrate it with PGP SDK
(and mixmaster and nym.alias.net nyms for that matter?)

@_date: 1998-07-01 08:34:32
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: saving the world from a cancerous monopoly (fwd) 
mjg says:
Since the National Guard is an extension of the Army and was created
through the federal authority of raising armies it is not necessary for the Governor of any state to be consulted before it
is given its orders.  So says the Supreme Court several years ago.
The all happened when Dukakis challenged George Bush's power to
mobilize his National Guard during the Persian Gulf war.
(operation Just 'Cuz).  Dukakis was pissed (thinking he lived
in the old US) and challenged the whole thing.  He lost.
He mistook the state militia for the National Guard.
As far as the unconstitutionality of the Army doing anything,
thats history -- all they have to do is invoke the Drug laws
and the constitution is null and void.  In any case, the National
Guard is the Army (for all practical purposes).
As far as arresting federal authorities goes, there aren't
enough sherrifs lying around to stop even FBI agents, much less
the National Guard. (state police included)
Where were the sheriffs when the BATF broke assuaulted
the Branch Davidian church?  The answer is: helping them...
Actually they feared an excess of both.  Tryanny of the king and
tyranny of the masses -- mobocracy.  That is why the Senators
were appointed by the states and not elected by the people.  It
was an effort to allow states to control their interests instead
of everthing being determined by congress.  This is known as
a balance of power.

@_date: 1998-11-10 07:05:47
@_author: Jim Burnes - Denver 
@_subject: black markets and color of law (was privacy fetish) 
Why is this so hard to fathom.  Black markets are simply markets
that are not approved of by the reigning force monopoly.
That could also be read as illegal, however, there are many
goods in the united states that are only illegal by color
of law, not in actual fact.
Of course the fact that the regulations are only under color
of law won't stop you from spending time in the cooler if you're
Most of these laws have to do with assigning law making to
Are there any legal historians out there that have researched
the nature of bureaucracies like the FDA, DEA and BATF and the
lattitude that congress has given them in declaring various
good illegal?  How much power could congress hand over to
a department before the law giving them the power could
be declared unconstitutional?
For example, a constitutional amendment was necessary to
make alcohol illegal.  Why was this necessary?  Why
was it not necessary to do the same for every other
substance?  And if not for every other substance, then
for substances in general?
"Congress shall have the power to declare intrastate trade in
various products illegal."
It would be very simple.  It would be *the* prohibition act.
It would cover everything from encryption, to newpapers,
to alcohol and other drugs.
What is the basis for bureaucratic power and has it ever
been formally challenged in the supreme court?
My guess is that this power has not been seriously challenged
since Roosevelt stacked the Supreme Court and they decided
that the the welfare clause was a broad grant of power to
the federal government.
If I remember correctly, a closely related decision by
the Supreme stated that the commerce clause did not allow
the banning of weapons from "school zones" because even
though having weapons in school zones might effect commerce
it would effect to such a small degree that the commerce clause didn't reach that far.  The supreme court said they didn't know
how far it did reach.
It would be interesting to push the supreme to rule on the
welfare clause.  Could it reach far enough to ban nicotine?
Could it reach far enough to grab the fatty mc'ds hamburger
out of your hand?  Could it tell you what sports are
too dangerous?  What about skiing?  Car driving?  Parachuting?
Scuba diving?
I'm beginning to look forward to Y2K.

@_date: 1998-11-13 03:04:57
@_author: Jim Burnes - Denver 
@_subject: "social responsibility" was (dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect) (fwd) 
perhaps.  it just seems so unbelievable that someone who had read all
these would not understand that the US was founded as a constitutional
republic with limited *powers*, a bill of *rights* that points out the
rights that people already had and should protect.
It makes absolute sense.  The constitution enumerates the specific powers
of the federal government.  Please go get a copy and read it. You would
have to create an amendment to give the federal government unlimited
powers.  For example, if the constitution had been written otherwise
prohibition would never have needed an amendment.  Legislators would
just have said it was for the "general welfare".  Having lived in the
early 1900's and educated in the previous century they were still under
the delusion that they lived in a republic.
I can't explain it to you because I don't believe it.  I can tell you
that that specific clause is what exploded the size and scope of federal
power.  It was specifically pointed to by the 1937 supreme court re the
social (in)security decision.  If you would like chapter and verse I can probably track it down.  The supremes in 1937 used it and you used
it in your email when you said that the general welfare clause was the
the reason we had some sort of social contract.
I can tell you that if you read the general welfare clause as meaning
the feds have the power to do whatever the legislators and the executive
believe is in our own best interests -- that opens them up to virtually
unlimited powers.  I'm sure Hitler, Mao and Stalin believed they were
doing what was in the interests of the "general welfare" also.  91 million
dead later you have your answer. Oops..I forgot about the Khmer Rouge..
make that 92 million.  The problem with that kind of "general welfare"
is that it is fundamentally incompatible with individual rights.
Tell that to Hitler, Mao and Stalin.  Tell that to the Japanese Americans that were interned in prison camps.  Have we arrived at
unlimited power yet, Jim?  How about burning children alive in their
own church without those responsible being punished?  Have we arrived
at unlimited power yet, Jim?
As much as I love Jefferson's prose, that is a part of the declaration
of independence and not the constitution.  The DOI is a document of intent, the constitution is a document of law.  The general welfare
clause is almost meaningless.  Like the DOI it specifies intent, but not a
specific delegation of power.  The delegation of powers, the seperation of those powers and reservation of individual human rights are what is the motive forces behind the constitution.
If the general welfare clause were a law it would have to be found
invalid for vagueness.
Read it again, Jim.  "bothered to read the *founder's writings* on this"
You seem to be confusing the concepts of "powers" and "rights".  People
have rights, institutions have powers.  The constitution enumerates the
specific *powers* of the federal government.  However agenda motivated
SC judges in 1937 seemed to ignore the 9th and 10th amendment to the constitution and extend the meaning of the "general welfare" clause to an extra-constitutional extent.  They overrode the limited powers of the
federal government.
 > Excuse me.  There was no enumeration of the powers of the federal
government in the original constitution?  How exactly do you create
a constitution without a mention of the various powers that branches
of government are going to have?
Not to mention that the arguments with respect to a bill of rights was not that the original constitution bestowed unlimited powers, but
that since the constitution only bestowed limited powers that there
was no need for a bill of rights.  Jefferson was concerned that with
no BOR people would not have a guidebook to know when the state
was overstepping its mandated powers.
I'm sorry it was so unclear to you.  Let me reiterate.  The 1937 Supreme
Court stated that the general welfare clause was a grant of unlimited federal powers to impose "general welfare".  You let me know what
"general welfare" would limit them to.  I was pointing out, as Madison
stated, that to read the constitution this way would be to read it
as if the constitution had just granted the federal government unlimited powers and then proceeded to enumerate the specific powers.  As I
pointed out and as appears above "this would be ridiculous on its
face".  You simply restated that and then proceeded to argue with
Since this was a dicussion of the nails in the coffin of the Republic
and since that covers about 150 years it is necessary to cover that
time span.
Yes, the destruction of the constitution is a pet peeve of mine as it is
for many people on the list.   The reason I even brought it up is that you seemed to be misinformed on the extent of the powers of the federal government granted by the constitution.  The whole "social contract" theory is bunk.
The reality is that the laws of the previous generations certainly are the
laws of succeeding generations.  The entire body of English Common Law is
based on this concept.  The constitution is amendable, that is what
Jefferson meant.  By all means amend it if you are able, but don't pretend
under color of law that the constitution means something other than what
it says.
Here is the point of this whole dicussion:
(1) The constitution chains down the federal government in a prison of
specific limited powers.
(2) The general welfare clause is not an escape clause from that prison.
(3) The general welfare clause is not a justification for transfer payments or other systems of theft.
(4)The dismantling of the republic began with the civil war, was
accelerated by the formation of the Federal Reserve and new taxation
systems and eventually finalized by Roosevelt's stacking of the supreme court
when Social (in)Security was challenged in 1937.  The subsequent reading by
the Supreme that the "general welfare" clause was a delegation of unlimited federal powers essentially destroyed the notion of limited
federal power and began the vast bureaucratic machine that we know
and love today.
"The two enemies of the people are criminals and government, so let us tie
the second down with the chains of the constitution so the second will not
become the legalized version of the first." -- Thos. Jefferson
". . . we are fast approaching the stage
   of the ultimate inversion: the stage
   where the government is free to do
   anything it pleases, while the citizens
   may act only by permission; which is
   the stage of the darkest periods of
   human history, the stage of rule by
   brute force."
   - Ayn Rand , The Nature of Government
"In questions of power, then, let no more be said of confidence in man, but bind him down from mischief by the chains of the Constitution."
  --Thomas Jefferson
"A wise and frugal government, which shall restrain men from injuring one another, shall leave them otherwise free to regulate their own pursuits of industry and improvement, and shall not take from the mouth of labor
the bread it has earned."
  --Thomas Jefferson "No man can take another's property from him without his consent. This is the law of nature; and a violation of it is the same thing, whether it
be done by one man who is called a king, or by five hundred of another
  --Samuel Adams

@_date: 1998-11-17 07:24:40
@_author: Jim Burnes - Denver 
@_subject: Attempt by UK govt to plug tax hole... 
Man, that is what I call a loaded statement.  It speaks volumes.
First I heard about this.  Is this some sort of NWO move to "harmonize"
tax levels worldwide so that no one can escape their clutches?  Someone
should tell New Zealand, which apparently is rescinding income taxes
altogether after 2000.
My guess is that the Cayman Islands are going to buy some political
representation (as if they already haven't)
"Harmful tax competition".  "Sensitise".  ROTFLOL.
Countering tax havens with what?  Gunboat diplomacy?  Tax the hell out
of your citizens or we bomb you!

@_date: 1998-11-24 02:43:29
@_author: Jim Burnes - Denver 
@_subject: Is Open Source safe? [Linux Weekly News] 
True enough.  Groups that produce software that play a critical role in security almost always sign the binaries.  Break into the coding environment?  Does that mean they broke into
the VMS development shop?
Already proven.  The emergent behavior of the Linux development model
does not need centralized process to coordinate it.  People who had
access to the source and were aware of the teardrop attack hacked a
patch to it almost immediately.  The patch was widely available the
next day.  How long did it take for microsoft?

@_date: 1998-11-25 16:18:07
@_author: Jim Burnes - Denver 
@_subject: Y2K Report Card 
Wonder what the implications of this are?
So this means they flunked too.  Since having the
DOD non compliant could be a national security risk.
That means they flunked, but we couldn't say so.
How many nukes are going to be checking the number
of days since they last talked to launch control?
What are the chances they are date sensitive?
What happens if they should lose contact for greater than a certain number of days?  Do they
assume we've been nuked? How about the russians?
The Chinese?  What if the entire US DOD C&C network
goes down.  Is it an EMP?  Is it infowar?  Is it
Was this graded on a curve? ;-O
I thought SSA was still two years off target.
This A/B/C/D/F stuff worked in school, but on a
complex remediation effort doesn't really mean
Is that an 'A' for effort?

@_date: 1998-11-27 04:03:02
@_author: Jim Burnes - Denver 
@_subject: enemy of the state movie 
In this article Judy DeMocker writes....
    The scenario of an innocent man being digitally
    hounded through tunnel and building, traced to
    pay phones and 7-Eleven surveillance systems,
    and exposed by a digital trail of personal
    information, is overblown. Most store cameras are
    not hooked up to outside systems, and databases
    are not so rapidly accessible that a government
    agent could pull up a suspect's past addresses,
    personal history, bank, and telephone records in
    the blink of an eye. I don't know about pay phone tracing, though I imagine voice print
identification could be done.  Don't know what 7-eleven does with their
videocams other than record it onto video tape, but I can speak about the
databases... Pulling up a suspects past addresses, personal history, bank and telephone
records can be done very quickly. Past addresses and personal
history could be pulled very rapidly through credit agencies.  Mean income
level, kids, their ages, past employment etc.  I've seen this done in
about 20 or 30 seconds.  Bank records could probably be snatched from
FINCEN.  Telephone records might take a court order if done legally, but I
wouldn't put it past FBI or CIA to infiltrate telephone companies. CIA was
already found to be infiltrating the press when investigated by the Church
commission. What have they done since?
For those that have done background investigations on these agencies this
is a little like expecting to be shocked when told "sister smokes!"  For those that have been to busy to check or care it might come as a surprise.  For Wired it's inexcusable.  If they would be remove
just 5% of the hype and replace it with a little reality it might
be a lot for valuable.
Wired's editors need to pay a little bit more attention to detail.
That being said I haved enjoyed some of the articles, such as
those by Declan and Charles Platt.
A little less flourescent ink, a little more content.

@_date: 1998-10-21 00:20:04
@_author: Jim Burnes - Denver 
@_subject: My citizenship renunciation made difficult 
My experience is that the US refers to the UN treaty when it
wants to expand its powers over us.  When it comes to protecting our rights, they probably blithefully ignore it.
Try applying many of those human rights protections to
the ChiComs and see what happens.

@_date: 1998-10-21 01:36:00
@_author: Jim Burnes - Denver 
@_subject: Dust off your anonymous voting protocols... 
I much prefer an electronic republic.
Enforced by order of magnitude cheaper digital cash backed by
whatever the market prefers.
Or as Bob H is so fond of inferring,
Real economics, like real physics, is not an option.
ignore them both at your own peril.
too bad we don't have enough time to jumpstart it before
Y2K.  On the other hand maybe Y2K is the only thing that
will allow it.

@_date: 1998-10-30 01:32:20
@_author: Jim Burnes - Denver 
@_subject: IP: Electronic March 
Not bloody likely.  Inside the social (in)security fund you will find
a big IOU to the tune of many billions of dollars.  In fact, to the tune
of the entire value of the SS fund.
If they end up "saving" social insecurity its most likely that they
will stick to the same game as Doritos (paraphrased)
"Spend all you like...we'll print more!"
To understand why SS has never really been in jeopardy, you must understand
the function of a central, fractional-reserve banking system.  Since
the Fed is a lender of last resort to the government, and since the
US federal government is never likely to voluntarily let social (in)security die they will simply print more money.
I don't mean literally print more money.
I mean the fed government sells bonds to cover the difference.  If
the bond market won't absorb it, the federal reserve is bound by contract t absorb it.
Just some entries in a ledger to them.  Just some inflation, hidden
taxes and future interest payments to you.
