
@_date: 1992-12-21 10:08:34
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: Destroying Data 
SunOS 4.X 'format/analyze/purge', (which was done at the request
of SunFed, for some Fed contract) uses 4 repetitions with patterns:
Followed by a final pass with:
Consider this secure if you want.  :-)  For Unix variants, one
might consider a 'patch' to libc that scribbled on the file passed
to the 'unlink()' system call before actually performing the syscall.
This will, of course, break Unix semantics because there is no way
to tell from userland that no other process is holding the file open,
so you'll scribble on the file prematurely.  I guess itrunc() is what
really need changing.

@_date: 1993-04-20 08:41:58
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: (fwd) THE CLIPPER CHIP: A TECHNICAL SUMMARY 
Note that SCIF is not Secure Computer Information Facility,
its Secure Compartment(alized) Information Facility.
One can only wonder what else Dottie Denning got wrong.
What happens to the disk that has 'U' on it?  :-)

@_date: 1993-08-12 08:42:51
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: Secure voice software issues 
V.42 adds about 200ms to my slip link.
I'd rather do without it, thanks.

@_date: 1993-08-19 14:40:47
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: Traveller's Checks... 
I doubt that Amex is interested in traveller's checks for this
reason.  AMEX likes traveller's checks because they make a lot
of money on the 'float', the time value of the money you give them
before they have to redeem the checks when some bank presents them
for payment.
A digital bank could make a lot of money on 'float' too.  Given that
anonymous cash could be much harder to steal than paper checks, AMEX
could very well be interested in this 'new' type of monetary instrument.

@_date: 1993-12-10 08:09:30
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: small memoryspace DES? 
Getting back to the cypherpunks-write-code theme, I'm
currently attempting to put DES on a u-ctlr that has a whole 1k of memory for things like 'stack'.  All
the DES implimentations I've found thusfar have traded memory for speed.   I can afford a lot of text space, and initialized data
can go in the text segment, of course (think eeprom, ok?),
but I have to live within a 1k space for all my dynamic
memory needs.
Has anyone ever done anything like this?  Care to share?

@_date: 1993-12-14 01:53:50
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: PKP, DSS and USGVMT 
Date: Mon, 13 Dec 1993 20:26:42 -0500
 From: srctran at world.std.com (Gregory Aharonian)
 To: patents at world.std.com
 Subject: Software patent holds up $1 billion network buy
      A billion dollar DoD procurement for a new communications network maybe
 running into problems because of software patents dealing with encryption.
 The Defense Message System network will serve nearly one million users, and
 will replace a existing global Defense network.  The project, being managed
 by the Air Force Standard Systems Center, will be a billion-dollar boost for
 the C/C++ COTS industry, with companies such as Microsoft, Lotus, ATT, and
 MCI planning to bid on the project.
      Unfortunately, the encryption technology planned for use in the DMS
 network is the subject of a long-running battle between the government and
 Public Key Partners (PKP).  PKP claims that the proposed Digital Signature
 Standard (DSS) put forward by the National Institute of Standards (NIST) in
 1991 infringes on public-key patents held by RSA Data Security and Prof.
 Claus Schnorr, both represented by PKP.
      Last summer the Commerce Department, after two years of unsuccessfully
 dealing with the legal challenges of PKP's software patents, said it would
 hand over an exclusive license for DSS to PKP.  But over one hundred companies
 condemned the plan as illegal, and NIST backed off.  The deal was also opposed
 by the European Community and the Canadian government.  The deal would allow
 PKP to charge $1 for each public-key certificate issued using DSS.
      As of last week, the DoD was not prepared to say whether the procurement
 would be delayed by the patent problem.  Negotiatons between PKP and the
 Commerce Department are still underway.
      For information, see an article in December 15, 1993 issue of Network
 World, page 4, on the patent issues, and an article in the November 1 edition
 of Federal Computer Week, page 2, for an article on the DMS procurement.
 ============================
 Greg Aharonian
 Internet Patent News Service

@_date: 1993-12-16 07:40:58
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: Digital Telephony Threat Returns 
Digital Telephony Threat Returns
According to FBI Dir. Louis Freeh, the development of sophisticated
digital telecom and networking technology threatens the ability of the
Feds to wiretap.  In a Dec. 8 speech at Washington's National Press
Club, Freeh annouced a renewal of the FBI's 'Digital Telephony'
legislation scheme:  the return of the controverial 'Wiretap Bill'.
The bill is strongly opposed by organizations and individuals concerned
about privacy, as well as the telecommunications and computing
industries at large.  The FBI's 'need' for this legislative action is
under review by the Administration as part of its examination of
security and encryption issues.
The reappearance of this Bureau effort contradicts statements by
Special Agent Barry Smith of the FBI's Congressional Affairs Office,
who stated less than a month ago that the 'Wiretap Bill' had been
According to classified documents released under the Freedom of
Information Act (FOIA), the FBI and the Electronic Communications
Service Provider Committee or ECSPC (an ad hoc industry working group,
which formed in March), are attempting to decide if technical solutions
can be found to satisify law enforcement. According to a Nynex
representative co-chairing the group, Kenneth Raymond, no solution has
yet been found, but that FBI has yet to prove any solution is needed at
all.  Raymond likened Freeh's tactics to "yelling out the window" - an
attention-getting move that needs some sort of clarifying followup.
Though the ECSPC claims to be attempting to evaluate the problem and to
solve it "in some reasonable way that is consistent with cost and
demand", Raymond indicated that the group considers one 'solution' to
be building wiretap access into future telecom hardware - like the
Clipper chip backdoor, but a 'feature' of all switch specifications for
phone and data lines.
This news was just received, and a more detailed analysis and statement
from EFF will follow soon.

@_date: 1993-02-07 02:03:20
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: Compressed/Encrypted Voice using Modems 
Quite likely what you heard were 9600/4800/2400bps (bits per second),
not baud.  The two are different.  2400bps compression of voice is
quite a bit beyond current GP CPUs.
Also, note that 9600 baud (V.32 carriers) are based on a 2400bps carrier.
(And if they're not, I'm sure someone will correct me.)  2400 baud modems
are based a bit rate something less than 2400bps, though I can't remember
exactly what it is right now.

@_date: 1993-02-07 02:58:06
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: Compressed/Encrypted Voice using Modems 
I don't see how a 28.8kbps (raw) data rate is possible, as the Shannon
limit for a POTS line is 22kbps.  Certainly parts of the phone system
no longer impose the narrow bandwidth that are part of the 'spec', but
one can not always depend on getting a line that exceedes the published
parameters of the phone system.
The Rockwell (RC96AC/RC96ACL/RC144AC/RC144ACL) modem chip (set) has an
on-board codec that does ADPCM in hardware.  It makes for a very nice
programable answering machine.  Interestingly, the designers guide has
someting to say about bit rates.
At a sampling rate of 7.2 KHz, (the only sample rate this chipset
supports) 8 bit samples are presented at a bit rate of 57600 bps.  Add
in a start/stop bit, and you now need a DTE rate of 72,000 bps.  Most
UARTS don't support this rate, and thus you will need to find one that
will run at 115.2 Kbps.
Drop to 4 bit samples, and you get a bit rate of 28,800 bps, for a
required async DTE speed of 36,000.  (or 38400 bps on most uarts.)
I'm also fairly sure that recent Zyxel modems (e.g. the U-1496) use
this Rockwell chip(set), and not a dedicated DSP.

@_date: 1993-02-08 02:16:02
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: Compressed/Encrypted Voice using Modems 
The shannon limit of 22kpbs has something to do with the
frequency response of a 'standard' (old, non digital) POTS
phone line.
But you should know, you're Phil Karn (and I'm not.)

@_date: 1993-02-18 12:58:33
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: Trapdoors 
Interestingly enough, V9 SPARC has a population count (number of bits
set in word) instruction that was put in specificly at the request of
No Such Agency.

@_date: 1993-01-23 16:53:57
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: public privacy, NSA resources 
tadpole 11 whois -h nic.ddn.mil ncsc.mil.
 National Computer Security Center (NCSC-DOM1)
    9800 Savage Road
    Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000
Fort Meade *is* the main NSA campus.
docmaster.arpa (nee: docmaster.ncsc.mil) is one of the infamous Internet
spook hangouts.  :-)
You should take a look at the campus sometime, its big.  Lots of
big-sheilded buildings.  Lots of big satellite antennas.  I have no
trouble accepting the 40k figure, it is, after all a bureaucracy.

@_date: 1993-01-26 09:18:43
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: Rational PC mail , was Re: PGP on BBS 
I don't understand how the authors of this document can do so.  Modern
compressed-header SLIP implementations will compress the TCP/IP/SLIP
headers down to 5 or 6 'bytes' (octets), on the average.  In theory, I
suppose its true, but in practice, it makes little difference.  Even
without header compression, and assuming minimal-sized datagrams, you
end up with an overhead of 41/576.  93% of your bandwidth is still
A simple ASCII async connection using MNP or V.42 still violates the
end-to-end argument.  Serial ports can, and do loose characters.  Leaving
your encrypted message, or even your key, to the whims of a cheap modem,
(you'll never know what the other guy has), or back serial drivers seems
a bad idea to me.

@_date: 1993-01-26 09:34:03
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: Computerized OTP (was 5th AMENDMENT & DECRYPTION) 
Um, I've been inside the NSA, (and I don't have a clearence.)  They have a very nice visitors center, where they display some of their
more arcane technology, along with little placards explaining what the
hardware does.  For instance, they display a very nice looking u-wave
radio-based computer (complete with wax lenses), and a light-based
floating-point engine that develops God-only-knows how many hundres
Gflops, and yes, it can be custom programmed.  They display a RISC core
(of their own design) than also has a custom crypto unit on-chip, said
unit can be field re-programmed.  Also displayed are various arcane
(antique) crypto devices.
P.S.  Admittedly, I didn't get very far inside..

@_date: 1993-01-26 12:35:45
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: Rational PC mail , was Re: PGP on BBS 
Let me try to put it another way.  The higher you drive the DTE rate,
the more likely you are to loose characters.  At the same time, you
start to care less about the (small) protocol overheads involved.
But if characters change during transmit, how can you tell that the message
wasn't altered by some agent other than the device/driver?  Further, if it
happens only occasionally, won't you react with mistrust of the original message?
   "Hey, this message doesn't check with the author's key!"
If it happens a lot, aren't you more likely to say, rather than resending some number of times?
The older I get, the more I understand, "Power to the people."

@_date: 1993-07-10 03:08:23
@_author: jim at tadpole.com 
@_subject: Secure comm program, Sockets + LINK 
This is the kind of thing which is just perfect for a streams-based
tty/networking environment.  Create a streams module that implements
Link and DH key excng.  Push it on your tty stream at both ends.  Works
over modems, telnet/rlogin, what-have-you.  A similar module could be
created to sit below the IP module in SVRx-based Un*xes.
And once the vendors for both endpoints update to it.  Could be a while.
I think it would be much better to develop something that will work with
the current port numbers, else we stand a good chance of asking for a 'new'
secure port foreach well-known service.  (Secure SMTP, Secure ftp-cmd, secure

@_date: 1993-07-14 10:52:57
@_author: jim at tadpole.com 
@_subject: Secure comm program, Sockets + LINK 
How do STU-III phones work then?  Do they have some key in rom?

@_date: 1993-07-26 15:50:59
@_author: jim at tadpole.com 
@_subject: T-Shirts 
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.  I'm not (usually) stupid enough
to send these things back to the *whole* list.  (I'm sorry, really!)
I just convered to 'rmail'. I got bit.

@_date: 1993-06-21 14:21:52
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: Patent libraries 
If there are any other Austin-based cypherpunks, UT is a federal IP depository.

@_date: 1993-03-08 14:15:59
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: Pgp 2.2 is out 
Hmm, look in fileutil/pgp22.zip
Heck, its even in ftp.uu.net:/tmp/pgp22.tar.Z,/tmp/pgp22.zip,/tmp/pgp22src.zip

@_date: 1993-11-12 11:03:45
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: Mounting a "Secure" filesystem in UNIX 
I can't even begin to imagine the kinds of calls that Microsoft
support will get with this 'feature' in place.  "But it worked
yesterday, and I haven't changed ANYTHING!"

@_date: 1993-11-17 10:01:13
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: Tech: Truth about Canon Copiers (fwd) 
Since 1990, US currency in denominations of $20 and up has had a small, metal-like
strip buried in the left-hand side.  If you hold the bill up to the light, and look
for a verticle line running approx through the 'mint mark', you'll find it.  Tearing
the top of the bill around the line will let you remove this little bit of foil.  The
foil is lettered with the denomination of the bill.  Collect 'em all!
Of course, you don't put twenties in the change machine.
Ob (weak) crypto reference:
installation in Dallas in '95?  Something like 6 *big* Cray machines.  I have
it on good word that E-Systems is involved.

@_date: 1993-10-15 11:40:10
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: NAFTA event 
Appologia to those of you who've seen this already.  Carl invites you to
send email.  I'd suggest some verbage about export controls for crypto.
Channel: Internet Town Hall
On Wednesday, October 20, the White House is showcasing the
benefits of the North Amercian Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) to
American workers and the American economy.
President Clinton and Vice President Gore will highlight American-made products which are currently sold in Mexico.  The range of products, and the number of American workers who make them is enormous and the White House would like to present to the American public the benefits of increased trade with our The White House has invited over 200 companies and their employees
to bring their products to the West Lawn of the White House.  Sun Microsystems is one of the companies invited and they would like to use this opportunity to highlight the computer industry in general as a crucial technology for our global economy and in particular to highlight the significant role the Internet will play in fostering trade in the global marketplace.
Sun Microsystems, in conjunction with several other companies,
will put two Sparcstations on the lawn of the White House.  Using
a Persoft Intersect Remote Bridge wireless 2 Mbps spread-spectrum radio link, we will link the LAN on the White House lawn to our facilities in the National Press Building.  That network will in turn use the MFS Datanet national fiber backbone to link us at 10 Mbps to Alternet, our IP service provider.
The workstations on the White House lawn will feature a variety
of Internet applications such as NCSA Mosaic for X, Gopher, and other applications that highlight the scope and diversity of the global Internet computer network.
Here is how you can participate!  Send your electronic mail to:
The mail will be collected and will be available on the screen as well as being printed out on a laser printer.  Tell the President, the Vice President, members of the Cabinet, members of the Congress, and the national media what you think about NAFTA. Help demonstrate to this important audience that the Internet is an important forum for the discussion of public affairs.  If you feel the need to flame pro or con on this subject, feel free to cc: nafta at town.hall.org in your discussions to the list.
For general information on the Internet Multicasting Service,
send mail to info at town.hall.org.

@_date: 1993-10-31 19:29:39
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: Secure Phone Progress (fwd) 
Most (US-based) phone equipment can't deal with clear channels, (ok,
long strings of zero data) thus, a DS0 (the cannonical single voice
call) operates with one bit always set 'on', so your 64kbps channel is now
a 56kbps channel.  4:1 compression would get you to (just) inside the magic
'14400' bps limit of v.32bis signaling.  Such algorithms exist, though their
performance on data with characteristics like 'voice' is poor at worst.
CLEP is a speech encoding algorithm (compressor) that can work well inside
a 4800bps channel.  It is, however, quite expensive in terms of CPU power.
A DSP would help here.  :-)  CLEP also tends to diminish the dynamic range of
its input, with a resulting loss of 'quality'.
Writing things in assembly is not a magic bullet, making the algorithm go faster
just as a consequence of it being hand-rolled.
The v.fast (28000 bps) modes may, or may not work at 28000 bps between any two
endpoints. (subscribers).

@_date: 1993-09-03 13:25:05
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: where can I get the source for BSD mail? 
Oh, several places.  Look for the source to metamail (ask archie,
or fish around on bellcore.com), and there is typically a 'tahoe.tar.Z'
file around.

@_date: 1993-09-08 23:08:06
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: DES is dead 
Forwarded, 'cause I've not seen it on cypherpunks as yet.
Note that the NIST has approved DES for another couple years.
Mime-Version: 1.0
With the crypto conference coming up, I figured y'all ought to see this.

@_date: 1993-09-28 22:41:38
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: Orange book, the NSA, and the NCSC 
Keep yourself on the NSA watch list, send email to
someone at docmaster.ncsc.mil every once in a while.  :-)

@_date: 1993-09-29 11:21:46
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: Orange book, the NSA, and the NCSC 
Been to "the fort" twice, once on 'official business', once on
a joyride around the 'campus'.  :-)  ("See them big sat dishes?
Don't want to get too close to them, marines with guns up there.")
The visitor's center has a small, but facinating museum of crypto
stuff, everything from enigma-style machines to a device that does
I-don't-remember-how-many-but-it-was-huge gigaflops on a hand-rolled
chip made on site, to a device for intercepting (and decrypting) microwave
transmissions.  Not much satilite stuff.  Pretty cool.
The guards all wear big (loaded, I checked) guns.  You're issued a
little badge to carry around your neck.  Get too far from your escort,
or in a room without your escort, and they get really upset (from what
I was told, I didn't try).
Across the highway is a state camp for delinquent boys.

@_date: 1994-04-06 15:16:52
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: "Big Brother Inside" 
A local paper would like to include this in a story they (may be/are) doing.
Is it available in PostScript anywhere?

@_date: 1994-04-20 12:05:33
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: Black Net 
Ahhhh, you could send it anonymously, no?
My point, exactly.  :-)

@_date: 1994-04-25 11:31:26
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: Wow, what a key! 
There is a 'pick her locks' joke here, but I'm not going to make it.

@_date: 1994-04-25 12:47:53
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: Wow, what a key! 
Doug Barnes and I are so very close to a DH telnet (based on the
Bezerkley code) that you might want to wait a bit.
I apologise if I managed to offend anyone with the 'joke'.

@_date: 1994-02-16 13:55:13
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: Where to get Big Bro Stickers 
Damn, I didn't send him anything yet, and I got a *lot* of stickers...

@_date: 1994-02-26 11:59:07
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: RoboFest 5 
The T1 line isn't absolutely 'there' .. yet.  We're fighting SW Bell.

@_date: 1994-01-18 07:26:23
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: Inman turns down DOD sec job 
supposedly there will be a press conference at 1:00pm
to say 'why'.

@_date: 1994-01-24 15:56:42
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: NSA museum now open, if you can find it 
Hey, they finally turned the "No-Tell Motel" into something fun!

@_date: 1994-03-04 05:43:48
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: Information Highway Beautification Fund 
Org: Internet Multicasting Service
Channel: Internet Town Hall
                 The Information Highway Beautification Fund
Abstract: A Proposal To Turn on the Lights on the Information Superhighway
     This document outlines some of the background on the Clipper proposals
and shows how Clipper is just one example of the underlying public key
technology.  We argue that in the Clipper debate has concentrated on national
security and individual privacy and we may have lost sight of other
fundamental constitutional issues, the need to promote commerce and establish
a safe and secure information highway.  Businesses will not open their doors
to cyberspace until we provide clean, well-lit streets in the global village.
     This document proposes a royalty-free licensing pool for the technology,
obtaining public use of the public key patents through the use of eminent
domain or other mechanisms.  The document then proposes a license for users
of the public key technology, the proceeds of which would be placed in an
Information Highway Beautification Fund.  The license allows an individual or
corporation (presumably with different fees structures for each type of user)
the right to use the basic public key technology.  The proceeds from the
license fee would be used to pay back the original patent holders and to fund
public works projects on our National Information Infrastructure.
     A crucial aspect of this proposal is that the license plates be on a
per-person basis, not on a per-certificate basis.  People must be able to
change their certificates on a frequent basis: the license is a right to use
the technology not a fee for a single certificate.  This is not an invitation
to have a single government certification hierarchy or to register the
certificates.  The license is a right to use the technology, not an
invitation to form a universal ID system or a rigid, inflexible certification
bureaucracy.  In fact, it is possible (and often desirable) to use the basic
public key technology without using a certificate at all.
Background: The Clipper Controversy
     The current debate on cryptography and computer security centers around
two often-conflicting government functions embodied in our constitution:
maintaining our national security and preserving the rights to personal
privacy.  The public debate on the Clipper issue has revolved around the
question of whether government should have a "back door" into a cryptographic
     Should the government be able, under appropriate court orders, to decode
a conversation?  Should criminals be able to hide themselves behind a mask of
strong cryptography?  The Clipper proposal requires government users to
purchase a chip that has a special key that is kept in the custody of two
government agencies, a concept known as "key escrow."  Under appropriate
conditions, the government can decode a conversation that was encoded using
the Clipper chip.
     The Clipper proposals use the theory that government, by purchasing
large numbers of these chips, will encourage private users to adopt the same
scheme, thus leading to lower prices from higher volumes and also leading to
a standard for the use of cryptography on the information highway.
     While the national security and law enforcement goals are clear, there
are strong reasons why this proposal may not work.  The efficacy of a key
escrow scheme and the ability of the government to keep these crucial secrets
hidden has been questioned by computer and legal experts.   Civil liberties
experts have questions the constitutional propriety of a back door.       Leaving aside the basic constitutional issues, the idea that the
government will lead through its purchasing power has been shown to be flawed
in a number of other situations.  In the area of the Government OSI Profiles
(GOSIP), for example, NIST and other agencies attempted to lead the market
through purchases but ended up far behind the technology curve as government
and business alike flocked to solutions that were more practical and cost
effective.  Just because the government purchases lots of $600 hammers
doesn't mean that corporate users will necessarily follow suit.
     The real problem with the Clipper debate, however, is that we have
neglected some much more fundamental issues: the question of how we deal with
public key cryptography.  Public key cryptography, the underlying technology
behind the Clipper chip, does much more than simply encrypt data, it is a
building block for our information highway.
The Importance of Public Key Cryptography
     Public key cryptography is a fundamental technology that provides a
basic security fabric for the national information infrastructure.  The most
important function it provides is authentication, the ability to know who
another person or computer or program is in cyberspace.  Public key
cryptography is the basic stuff from which we make streetlights for the
information highway.
     Authentication and privacy of data are two functions of a security
infrastructure, but there are others.  For example, public key cryptography
allows us to append a digital signature to a document, a method that allows
us to verify the integrity of the document and assure the recipient that the
document was not changed since it was originally generated.  Public key
cryptography also allows us to provide services such as non-repudiation, a
way of verifying that a document was actually received (analogous to a
delivery receipt from a registered letter).
     Public key cryptography thus provides a bundle of extremely fundamental
services: authentication, privacy, message integrity, and non-repudiation,
among others.  This technology is so basic that it must be embodied
throughout our computer networks in a way as fundamental as the deployment of
steel in a building.  Public key cryptography is one of the basic building
blocks for computer networks.
     Many people feel that they need to decide how this technology should be
applied.  The Clipper proponents, for example, feel that public key
cryptography is to be used to encrypt bits on the wire.  Another community is
advocating a particular style of electronic mail, known as Privacy Enhanced
Mail (PEM).
     A building block as fundamental as public key cryptography must be
deployed throughout the infrastructure.  No one person or group will know in
advance everywhere we need to use something so basic.  Take PEM for example. Even if PEM is your messaging solution, there are a host of other
applications ranging from remote login to file transfer to listening to radio
or making a telephone call.  The important point is that we don't know now
all the ways that we use a general-purpose infrastructure.  We will only know
as we deploy it and we can't deploy the technology until we get the basic
tools to make it secure.
     We cannot make security a special service.  We cannot make security a
government program or the responsibility of a particular group.  We must
build security into the very framework of the NII or the streets of the
global village will remain unpopulated.  Without a fundamental security
infrastructure, businesses will not conduct commerce on the NII, but will
have to build special-purpose networks for each function.  Sharing an
infrastructure is essential if we are to realize the cost savings of an
information highway and even more essential if we are to provide the
framework that will encourage small, mom-and-pop digital delis open their
doors for business.
     The current policy debate ignores the fundamental economic importance of
services such as authentication.  We cannot open our doors for business until
we can see who is knocking at the door.  We can't sell a fax for two cents or
a movie on demand for a dollar or do any of the fundamental transactions of
an economy without this basic technology.
     Commerce in the real world requires a multitude of different models and
methods.  Cash, barter, purchase orders, credit cards, and checks are just a
few of the methods.  There is no reason to think that we can avoid the same
real-world motley technology in cyberspace.  We need to build the fundamental
technologies of public key cryptography into the very fabric of our
infrastructure, applying security throughout the NII at all layers.
How Public Key Works
     To understand why public key is so fundamental, it helps to have a basic
idea of how it works.  The public key technology is based on two related
keys: a private key and a public key.  You keep your private key secret and
let people know your public key.  A piece of data encoded with the private
key can be only decoded with the public key and vice versa.
     The most obvious application of this technology is privacy.  I take your
public key and encode a message.  You have your private key and can decode
the message.  Alternatively, I take my own private key and encode the
message.  You have my public key and can decode the message.
     In reality, public key cryptography is a very slow way of encoding and
decoding an entire message.  Instead, we use public key cryptography to
exchange a shared secret: a symmetric key that we both know about and use to
do encoding and decoding.
     For example, a common encryption algorithm is the Data Encryption
Standard (DES).  DES is very fast, but requires both parties to know the same
DES key.  In a typical scheme, we would use the public key method to exchange
the DES key and then use the DES key to encode the message.  For example, I
could generate an arbitrary DES key and hide it by encoding it with your
public key.  You would then "unwrap" the package with your private key and
use the resulting shared secret to quickly and efficiently decode my message
to you.
     The fundamental benefit that public key gives us is authentication:
knowing who we are talking to.  If I know your public key, you can use your
private key to send me a "certificate."  I know that only you could have
generated this certificate, since I am able to decode it successfully using
your public key.
     Certificates ultimately only work if public keys are widely deployed and
well-known.  The scheme proposed by many is to define a standard certificate,
containing a public key and information about the certificate holder, such as
the name or institutional affiliation.  Validation of certificates is done
using a certificate hierarchy.  If there are a few very well known public
key, say for the federal government or for MIT, that key combination can be
used to certify other public keys.  I know that your public key is really
yours because MIT certifies that it is and everybody knows the MIT key.
     There are thus two aspects to a security infrastructure.  First, there
must a wide deployment of public-key based certificates.  Second, there must
be many different kinds of programs throughout the computer network that
understand what a certificate is and how to use it.  One program might use
the keys as the basis for encrypting data on the wire or in an electronic
mail message.  Another set of services might use keys as the basis for
allowing access to telecommunications service or for deciding the type of
access to libraries a person should get.
The Current Status of Public Key Cryptography
     Public key cryptography has its roots in research conducted at Stanford
by Diffie and Hellman and at MIT by Rivest, Shamir, and Adleman.  In both
cases, the academic research efforts spun off commercial companies.  In the
case of Stanford, the company Cylink was formed and in the case of MIT a
company called RSA Data Security, Inc. was formed.
     The basic patents that govern public key cryptography are thus owned by
four entities: MIT, Stanford, Cylink, and RSA.  Because the basic technology
is so intertwined, one cannot really do effective work in the field without
using pieces of several different patents.  To resolve licensing problems,
the four entities formed Public Key Partners, which handles licensing of the
     A commercial entity that wants to use public key technology needs a
license from Public Key Partners.  Because the basic technology was developed
with federal dollars, the federal government has the right to use the
technology.  In addition, in many international jurisdictions the technology
is widely available, to the extent that the basic algorithms can be
downloaded anonymously from a variety of locations.
To address the question of non-commercial use, RSA has worked with the
Internet Engineering Task Force on the PEM proposals.  In the case of PEM,
there are versions of the software that are available for federal and
academic institutions.  It should be noted that the reference implementation
that RSA provides for non-commercial users is specifically restricted to PEM-
like mail systems and does not apply to general-purpose uses of the
technology.  Commercial users, of course, must use a licensed version from a
software developer or negotiate a license directly with Public Key Partners.
     Commercial entities in the United States, groups that include software
developers, computer hardware companies, and telecommunications companies,
must secure a license from Public Key Partners.  Public Key Partners has
pursued a strategy that has resulted in a number of large corporations
licensing the technology, including DEC, Lotus, and many others.  However,
commercial deployment has been limited because of the lack of the ability to
build the technology into multi-vendor standards and because of the lack of a
certificate system.  More importantly, small businesses have often avoided
the technology because of fears of high licensing costs.
     To complicate matters, the National Institute of Standards and
Technology (NIST) has proposed a public key standard that is related to the
RSA algorithms.  In order to get around potential patent conflict problems,
the commercial rights to this technology go to Public Key Partners.  Public
Key Partners thus has an exclusive grasp on this basic technology in the
commercial realm.
     The current patent situation is very much like the situation earlier
this century for vacuum tubes and for Frequency Modulation (FM).  In both
those cases, the fundamental patents were so intertwined that no progress was
made in the field.  In both cases, the federal government stepped in to help
lead us towards a solution.
A Proposal:  The Information Highway Beautification Fund
     The main problem with the current situation is that it requires every
developer to obtain a license.  Licenses are priced high enough that small,
ad hoc developers can be easily discouraged.  More importantly, it leaves the
decision on how to use the technology in the hands of a few entities, such as
NIST or Public Key Partners.  The decision on who gets a license is an
appropriate one for some technologies, but not for one as basic as public
key.  We need the engineers building our NII to be able to use fundamental
tools without asking each time they come up with a new application.
     Public key cryptography is a classic public good.  If we can universally
deploy certificates, there is a tremendous public benefit, benefits that are
not reflected in a system based on commercial licensing of monopoly patents. Public key-based certificates are the license plates for the information
highway, the light that lets us know who we are talking to.  While Public Key
Partners may derive some benefit from selling the technology to a few large
corporations, society (and under our proposal, Public Key Partners) will
benefit even more from universal deployment.
     If we recognize the fundamental importance of this technology, there are
some policy options that easily come to mind.  The first policy outcome, the
one essential to conducting electronic commerce on the Internet, is to make
public key technology widely available.
     We propose here a royalty-free license pool for the public key patents. It is essential that the pool allow use of the technology without prior
approval: no one bureaucracy or regulation can determine in advance how this
technology can be used.  Such a pool could be established by negotiation
between the federal government and Public Key Partners, or could be
established by more assertive techniques such as the use of eminent domain. The use of eminent domain recognizes that the patents are valuable property. Eminent domain says that your property is very nice, but unfortunately we
need to build a freeway through it.  Eminent domain recognizes the taking and
requires the government to compensate the property owners.
     Eminent domain is an extreme way of reaching the goal of making the
technology widely available, and there are other, less drastic solutions
available.  However, the key point is that the technology must become widely
available to allow us to build it into the infrastructure of our information
     Once the technology is available, we suggest that the government
establish a license, a fee which is levied upon a user or corporation.  We
beg the question here of the format of the certificate (and feel strongly
that a single certificate hierarchy or certificate format would be a grave
technical and constitutional mistake).  We suggest instead that the
government resolve the more fundamental issue of placing the technology in an
open pool and levying a per-user license fee.  Once the basic principle is in
place, the government can convene a set of hearings to flesh out details such
as which agency collects the license fee and the fee structure.  Presumably,
the user fee would be a one-time fee of $100 or less and corporations would
pay on a sliding scale that would encourage small enterprises.
     A crucial aspect of this proposal is that the license fee be on a per
user basis, not on a per certificate basis.  We cannot have a government
hierarchy of certificates, or a requirement to keep certificates in some
standard format, or to keep certificates around to allow an audit or to
control how the certificate is used,  In fact, there are many instances where
public key technology would not use a certificate.  The fee pays for a
license to use the technology not a way to audit how the technology gets
     The revenues from the proposed license fee would be placed in the
Information Highway Beautification Fund.  Part of the proceeds of this fund
would go to pay back Public Key Partners for the taking under eminent domain,
and the remainder would go towards paying for public works projects on the
NII.  The public works part of the fund would be available to pay for things
like information interstates, publicly funded information sources, and
establishing equal access to the information highway from our inner cities,
our hospitals, our libraries, and our schools.
     Making payment to Public Key Partners a function of individual and
corporate fees could easily lead to a windfall for the current patent
holders.  We feel this is perfectly appropriate: universal deployment of
public key technology will benefit society to the tune of billions of
dollars.  It is an enabling technology and even a few hundred million dollars
going to those who established the technology is not unreasonable.  While
many maintain that the patents should not have been granted in the first
place, we feel that this issue has already been decided and we look for
creative solutions that move us beyond the current impasse.
    The choice we face now is a simple one.  The NII is a general-purpose
infrastructure, a set of streets and roads for the information superhighway. If we can't make those roads safe and secure, then business will never use
them.  Instead, our corporations will continue to build special-purpose
infrastructures, dedicated networks for one community or another.  The cost
to society is orders of magnitude higher: a general-purpose infrastructure is
what allows our corporations to increase their productivity and be
competitive on a world market.  More importantly, a general-purpose
infrastructure allows new businesses to be quickly established.
     The information highway is crying for leadership.  Our choices are
policy choices, not technical ones.  The Clinton/Gore administration and the
current Congress have come down firmly in support of a National Information
Infrastructure.  Public key cryptography is an example of an area where our
government can help lead us, providing the basic building blocks for an
information economy.
For More Information
     More information on the issue of public key cryptography and the Clipper
issue is available from a variety of sources, including:
     WIRED Online Services
          Gopher: gopher.wired.com
          E-mail: infobot at wired.com ("send clipper/index" in the body)
          WWW:      Electronic Freedom Frontier
          FTP: ftp.eff.org
          Gopher: gopher.eff.org
          WAIS: wais.eff.org
     National Institute of Standards and Technology
          Gopher: gopher-server.nist.gov

@_date: 1994-03-10 17:25:56
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: money... 
I posted this several months ago.
BTW, I just noticed my first $10.
I really doubt they can detect the money from a
distance.  If you're really carefull, you can pull
the little strip out.

@_date: 1994-03-14 06:39:56
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: PGP to the rescue? 
ELECTRONIC EAVESDROPPING
A measure soon to be introduced on Capitol Hill would require that all
network providers, including the Internet and commercial on-line services,
build in the capability to record any person's e-mail and deliver it to
federal law-enforcement authorities. Government agents will need only to
show a person merits investigation, rather than obtain a court order as is
the case for telephone eavesdropping. (Business Week 3/14/94 p.55)

@_date: 1994-05-05 15:23:41
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: Hell's Bells... 
I think if you look a bit more closely, the host attached to the 'name'
is at Arlington National Labs.
