
@_date: 1994-04-01 11:31:28
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: How Many Games of Chess? 
I was hoping this thread would die quickly, since it's wildly off-topic.
However... the tightest bound on the number of different positions (more
interesting to us (former) chess programmers than different games) that
I've seen is about 2.3 * 10^49, due to Tim W. Smith in 1991.  Previously
we were seeing numbers like 10^120.  Smith used Huffman-like position
codes to demonstrate the bound.
I strongly suggest the discussion move off to rec.games.chess, where the
question comes up frequently.

@_date: 1994-04-05 12:49:33
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: CRYPT 
If that's the program I wrote back in '82 called CRYPT and marketed
through the Software Toolworks and Norell Data Systems, then you should be
able to break it with crib dragging, if you know enough plaintext.  It
XORed the output of a linear feedback shift register against the text.
The documentation listed that attack under "bugs".  Depending on how you
select keys, it might be easier to brute force it against a dictionary.
If that's not the program, try giving more identification on it...

@_date: 1994-04-11 12:42:29
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Books on cryptography 
Yes, a lot of them are worth reading, if you want the info in them.  I
especially like the Callimahos & Friedman books on Military
Cryptanalytics.  They're the training manuals for NSA as of about the
1950s -- four volumes: Ia, Ib, IIa, and IIb, or something like that.
An FOIA has picked up bits of volume III from the mid-70's, but it's
not complete and hasn't been published.  If you want to learn to do
traffic analysis and cryptanalysis, work through the Zendian problem...
and allow a season.  The British Special Intelligence handbook has
some great stuff on stripping off superencipherments.
Also especially lovely is the Riverbank Publications series, also by
Friedman.  His work on the Index of Coincidence is absolutely wondrous
for deciding when you've got plaintext and for finding periods of
periodic ciphers.
If you're looking for modern cryptology, though, Aegean doesn't have much
of relevance.  For that you need conference proceedings, like Crypto '93
(just out), Eurocrypt, Asiacrypt, and so on.

@_date: 1994-04-19 08:49:18
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Sgt Russell 
Gee, Wayne, it isn't like this is some sort of super-secret underground
hack/phreak conspiracy list.  If you want to set up a conspiracy, try a
more hostile version of majordomo.
I've got a security clearance, and sometimes I work with classified
material.  I'm also the editor of The Cryptogram's "Cipher Exchange"
column, I'm a reasonably noisy opponent of escrowed encryption, an
enthusiastic amateur cryptanalyst, and a user of both licensed and
unlicensed PGP.  And have contributed money to Phil's defense fund.  And I
write code, including the first DES code that was put in the public domain
and exported (although I didn't export it myself...).
If you have a proposed litmus test for cypherpunk membership, let's hear it.
Personally, I welcome the participation of people who have a clue, no matter
who they work for or with.

@_date: 1994-04-20 13:16:14
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: What the heck is this? Optical noise encryption? [and RNG probs] 
Here's an exchange from sci.crypt in 1991 that's relevant to chaos and
cryptography.  A guy was using the logistic function as his RNG.  If you
look at the output from my decryptions, that might explain why the Keno
guy was getting only 19 out of 20 right instead of 20 out of 20.  If the
Keno RNG is based on some fractal-type function, then pieces are
self-similar, which means you don't need to find the right piece of it...
just a piece that's similar to the right seed, which need not be close
at all.
Total speculation, of course, without knowing what the RNG really was.

@_date: 1994-04-20 15:42:45
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: simple_crypt comparison 
The rotor machine is harder to crack, and both are relatively easy.  As it
happens, the chaos-based one is the one I just posted about, broken shortly
after it was posted with very small ciphertext-only.  The rotor machine is
broken with a program called cbw (Crypt-Breaker's Workbench), available
all over the net and findable with Archie.  It's straightforward, but
I understand you need to work a bit at it, and it helps to have known
plaintext.  I haven't used it myself, and would welcome insight from people
who have.  The NSA version of the crypt (1) man page had an entry under
bugs as follows:
     Uses a Hagelin encryption algorithm.

@_date: 1994-04-22 11:01:04
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: DId you ever think... 
It's more likely that the government after the fact has started trying to
spread the rumor that PGP has an intentional hole in it or can be broken
easily.  I've seen a number of rumors of this kind, and at least one of
the latter (i.e. they can read traffic with 1024-bit keys easily, but 2-4K
keys might make them sweat) was encouraged by a visiting NSA guy, according
to the person who posted it.  The frequent postings of the first rumor (prz
corrupted) to a.s.pgp look orchestrated to me... but then I'm a bit paranoid.
No, doesn't make me wonder, no, it's not possible.  Read the code -- it's
all free.  If you don't read C, find somebody you trust to read it to you.
Read the math -- it's all been published and vetted by experts.  Watch the
emerging analysis of IDEA; watch the factoring records and the amount of
time required for them.  Don't trust the executables -- recompile it
yourself with a different compiler... they can't hack 'em all.
If you don't know anybody you trust to read code and compile for you,
you're not in a strong enough position to worry about your own security
anyway.  Yes, that's elitist -- sue me.  It's  security, so have to pay attention to the developments that affect it.

@_date: 1994-04-24 11:37:03
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: licence plates seen 
That's very cute. The first question is whether it's in decimal
or hex; trying it both ways gives the answer:
   'D' if you're reading it in decimal
   'h' if it's hex.
Heh heh.  I'm still sniggering.  But I amuse easily.

@_date: 1994-04-28 09:39:56
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: SHA and Capstone [Re: Liberating Schneier's Code?] 
Yes, Capstone uses SHA.  I append a chunk from the most recent NIST
Capstone release.  Do we start calling it SHA-1?  Will Capstone chips
with SHA-2 interoperate with the ones already burned?
CAPSTONE is an NSA developed, hardware oriented, cryptographic
device that implements the same cryptographic algorithm as the
CLIPPER chip.  In addition, the CAPSTONE chip includes the
following functions:
     1.   The Digital Signature Algorithm (DSA) proposed by NIST
     2.   The Secure Hashing Algorithm (SHA) recently approved as
     3.   A Key Exchange Algorithm based on a public key
     4.   A general purpose exponentiation algorithm;
     5.   A general purpose, random number generator which uses a

@_date: 1994-08-29 15:35:48
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Announcing Bellcore's Trusted Software Integrity (Betsi) System 
Mark Ludwig wrote KOH, an on-the-fly disk encryption program that is also
a virus.  It was posted recently to alt.security.pgp.  Ludwig is the author
of a number of other viruses that don't claim to be useful.
OK.  For the record, I think it's a Good Thing to have as much confidence
in lots of different frequent-version programs as I do in (say) PGP with
its signed-file protocols.

@_date: 1994-07-11 17:00:52
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: NIST and Micali settle Clipper patent dispute 
NIST has agreed to license Micali's key escrow patents.  I posted their
press release in talk.politics.crypto and alt.privacy.clipper.  The
settlement is evidently open-ended; there's an article in Cyberwire
Dispatch (whatever that is -- a copy was forwarded to me) that discusses
the ramifications in some detail.

@_date: 1994-06-10 13:32:34
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Delayed self-encrypting messages 
I think you would need a trusted time server that sends out signed
timestamps... you can't trust other time sources, including WWV (just
broadcast a signal locally to swamp the signal).

@_date: 1994-06-14 12:38:44
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Cantwell Bill 
The reason I don't consider your Stunning Revelation an important news
flash is that it's just one example of the many ways crypto is actually
exported.  For example, PGP 2.6 was overseas within hours of its release.
A more direct comparison is with DES: NIST has DES code available in
soft copy in Appendix A of its publication fips181.txt, accessible in
their public FTP directory with no warnings about export restrictions.
The Cantwell stuff is extremely important for commercial products, but
for private crypto (e.g. non-profit and non-infringing PGP
implementations) it simply decriminalizes the existing vigorous export
activity; rather like decriminalizing the use of marijuana.

@_date: 1994-03-17 13:18:42
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: la cypherpunks 
Sometime before the 16th would be good for me... otherwise how about a
Maui meeting in the last half of the month?

@_date: 1994-03-23 08:37:04
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: PGP key fingerprints. 
I sometimes add them to a temporary keyring (pgp -ka file.asc testring)
and then do pgp -kvc "*" testring so I can see what I'm about to stick in
there.  I didn't bother before somebody or other (was that you, Hal?)
demonstrated that he could change the name on Phil's PGP key, and I didn't
want it polluting my  keyring.

@_date: 1994-03-28 13:59:39
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Ames/clipper compromised? 
Those letters made it clear the "trapdoor" was the escrow, and the internal
debate was over whether the existence of the escrow would be made public.
So far it's been NSA's consistent public position that the escrow is the
only way in... and from the FOIA, that's evidently what they're telling the
President also.
Most days I'm pretty sure I believe that there aren't any known gotchas in
the Skipjack algorithm.  If they can really get the escrow, it's ever so
much cheaper than doing real cryptanalysis.  As Carl Ellison and others
point out, that's really one of the big dangers -- if LE doesn't have to
break Skipjack to read the traffic, neither do the attackers... and
breaking the escrow is probably much cheaper than breaking the algorithm.
My position is that Clipper is iniquitous whether or not there's a[nother]
trap door.

@_date: 1994-03-28 17:44:49
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Shirt project 
Sounds a bit busy -- what about the WiReD Clipper logo: the fist clutching
the airwaves?  I assume they'd give permission if asked nicely...

@_date: 1994-03-29 14:39:08
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Ames/ clipper compromised? 
Without seeing the algorithm we can't be sure, but that could be OK for
ballpark: the 8 processors gives you 50 billion years, and the aggressive
vectorization gives you the other factor of 50.  Since they've said there
are 32 rounds of  in there, I assume the point is to run those
rounds in parallel... or overlap the output of that round of one key with
the next round of a previous key, or some such dramatic stuff, and 32 is
close enough to 50 for this level of estimate.  Sounds aggressive to ,
anyway -- how about you?
But it's meaningless to ask how long today's hardware would take to solve
this stuff.  Extrapolations aren't much better, but at least they give a
convenient exponential benchmark.  Let's take Wiener's proposed design for
3.5-hour cracks on a $1M machine as the benchmark of solving a single key
at acceptable expense.  Note that the speed or power of machines has been
doubling about once every 12-18 months.  Wiener's machine brute-forces a
56-bit key in reasonable time, so if your bang/buck ratio keeps going at
the current rate, in 24-36 years something equivalent would be able to
brute-force an 80-bit key.  That might explain why they chose 80 bits
instead of 128... if the algorithm escapes, they don't lose contact with
its product forever.
Note that the Skipjack Review committee was not in fact using the billion
years "load of crap" mode.  In the executive summary, they say:
  1. Under an assumption that the cost of processing power is halved
     every eighteen months, it will be 36 years before the cost of
     breaking SKIPJACK by exhaustive search will be equal to the cost
     of breaking DES today.
I located and cut&pasted this after writing my previous paragraph, so we
can call these independent findings. :)  Note that they produced this
before Wiener presented his design, so the cost of a break was not
(publically) known at that point.

@_date: 1994-03-29 17:12:17
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Ames/ clipper compromised? 
Yes, John Gilmore saw those and wondered about them, and filed an
administrative appeal on them.  Here's the result.  I don't know if it was
posted here before, so I'll apologize in advance if it was.  The second
such document was similarly repaired, and said the same thing in slightly
different words.
   XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
   XXXX The entire paragraph that follows was originally withheld as XX
   XXXX classified information.  We appealed the withholding, and XXXXX
   XXXX most of the paragraph was released, with only one or two XXXXXX
   XXXX sentences withheld at the bottom. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
   XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
     [(S) crossed out, replaced by] (U)  Trapdoor encryption technology is
   not essential to the debate (a system that required the escrow of keys
   by users of cryptographic technologies could be established even if
   the trapdoor chips did not exist), proposed use of trapdoor technology
   does raise a further complication: neither the academic community nor
   private industry is comfortable with encryption algorithms that are
   kept secret, as will be the case with the trapdoor chip.  It has been
   suggested that an independent panel of cryptography experts will be
   invited to evaluate the algorithm.  This will undoubtedly fail to
   reassure the community at large that there are no unrecognized
   vulneratilities, since the panel will be perceived as captive and
   tainted.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
   XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
   XXXX One or two sentences blacked out via FOIA exemption (b)(1) XXXX
   (U)     Despite these concerns, the President has directed that the
   Attorney General request that manufacturers of communications
   hardware use the trapdoor chip, and at least AT&T has been
   reported willing to do so (having been suitably incentivised by
   promises of Government purchases).
[and so on]

@_date: 1994-03-30 09:28:10
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: the rest of the key 
No -- not like that, anyway.  The two halves are each 80-bit numbers
constructed from the key generation process, and the unit key is the XOR
of the two of them.  Having one doesn't give any information about the
key, if the key generation people are behaving honestly.  Obviously if
one of the halves is supplied by somebody sneaky they don't need the other
half; but the procedure as outlined by Denning would make this impossible
if Skipjack is as strong as she believes.
I understand the Skipjack review committee will be looking into the key
generation process at Mykotronx also.  The procedures originally proposed
for burning in the keys has some annoying flaws that have been pointed out
frequently, like the existence of both halves in the same room at the same
time, which would be a tempting target for somebody siphoning them off to
a private single-site escrow. :)  Various people have suggested that the
two halves of the key could be burned in at separate locations, so that the
only place they're put together is in the key itself; this was not part of
the proposal as we've seen it so far out here.

@_date: 1994-03-30 12:52:00
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: The Focus on Clipper Details Plays into Their Hands 
I agree that focussing on the technical side is a diversion, and I have
been a major offender here lately.  But I also think it's important that
we understand what it is we're opposed to.  When challenged by an
articulate LE spokesperson in front of people we want to influence, if we
blurt out things about 40 bits being half of 80, or about acknowledged
trapdoors in Skipjack, or hogwash about pre-or post-encrypting on one side
or the other of Clipper, we won't be taken seriously -- so I think it's
important to counter misinformation with hard information when possible.
[And yes, I did misstate myself a bit on the 80-bit halves stuff... sorry.]
I'm opposed to key escrow because it gives government too much control of
my privacy and because it gives potential enemies other than the
government (such as criminals who want to get into my finances) a cheaper
target than strong encryption.  Understanding precisely how the government
claims they're protecting my rights is important to me, so that I can tell
them and anybody else willing to listen how they're not.

@_date: 1994-03-30 22:35:14
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: crypto software/papers/docs CD -- is there any interest? 
Just to cover one base... some of the code at ripem and unimi at least was
written by me.  I give permission for my DES, SHA, and other miscellaneous
cryptography and cryptanalysis code to be distributed royalty-free.

@_date: 1994-05-09 09:16:16
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Is the list down? 
Actually, I don't -- I can think of two likely suspects... of course, they
could be tentacles of each other, but the styles don't match.
I guess that means forging a message from each of us; when I first tried
subscribing, it wouldn't accept my subscription from mycroft.rand.org for
my mail address of rand.org without human intervention, so the attacker
couldn't do it from his own account without forging.  I just did an
experiment verifying that "Reply-to" is honored by Majordomo, which
would explain why I didn't get acked for the unsubscribe on Saturday.
Cooperative anarchy works only when people can be either motivated
or coerced into being cooperative.  As the net keeps increasing
exponentially the probability of sucking in a critical mass of loonies
increases along with it.  As with public key cryptography, it takes only
a linear increase in loonies to seriously interfere with the exponentially
increasing (relatively) sane population.
Well... countermeasures.  Majordomo could require its subscriptions signed
with a valid public key (PGP or RIPEM) with the public key in the signed
body, and process future transactions for that individual only if they're
signed.  That's still open to a spam attack, though, where the attacker
can subscribe 30 variations of (say) Jim Gillogly's address with different
public keys constructed just for that, and Gillogly wouldn't be able to
send the right unsubscriptions.

@_date: 1994-05-09 14:54:12
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: PGP 2.5 changes 
Reasonably polite?  It says "Error: Bad pass phrase."  That doesn't
sound at all polite to me.  And since my key is 1234 bits, I'm vastly
unimpressed.  What in the world is the point of this restriction?
I see a lot of "what it is" but not "why it is" in the docs.  Would one of
the MIT reps mind explaining some of the reasoning behind the restrictions
and deals that were made?
How do you get rid of a copyleft?  Just snip it out of the docs?
Don't forget to take it out of the manifest also:
If the plan was to supplant the freeware 2.3a with a nice legal US version,
I don't think this has made it yet: eliminating compatibility with older
versions (for which read "MY BELOVED KEY") can lead to hard feelings and
user resistance.  I like bug fixes, but not at the expense of functionality.
Of course, this is a beta version, and annoyances may be fixed later.
I'll watch for the next international version, and see if it's less annoying.

@_date: 1994-05-14 08:54:52
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Penet spoofing 
I hate to be paranoid, but that seems to be my natural state these days.
I'll take a guess: somebody wants to know the mapping between cypherpunk
addresses and Finnish anonymous ID's, if any.
If you have an anonymous ID registered on penet.fi and you don't have a
password registed there, anyone can find your anonymous ID by forging mail
from you to themselves via Finland; it will carefully anonymize you and
report the message to them; presumably "This is the one I forged from John
Clark." or "Test 94.217.johncla" or whatever.
If you already had an anonymous account with no password, you wouldn't get
notification... but you have one now.  I don't know if there's an error msg
if you try to send mail with the wrong password.
I do have an anon ID (result of replying to some other anonymous poster)
with no password, and haven't gotten that message lately.

@_date: 1994-05-14 16:08:22
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: In defense of paranoia in cryptography 
Yes, excessive paranoia is inefficient.  For example, assuming that NSA
is godlike could lead people to choose 4K-bit RSA keys, with the associated
penalty, when 700 bits or so would be plenty for the near term.
However, a successful cryptographer must be cautious at a level that would
be judged paranoid in more civilized communities.  A trusting
cryptographer would accept arguments about how many more keys this new
system will accept than there are atoms in the universe (like simple
substitution, for example, which allows for 26! different keys).  A
non-paranoid user of PGP would use a shared UNIX system for all business,
since only trusted users and the very rare cracker have access to that
system.  A non-paranoid cryptographer would put her password into her
autoexec.bat file.
If you need cryptography, it's because you have enemies.  In a world of
sweetness and light, it doesn't matter if everybody knows everything about
you, because they won't take advantage of that knowledge.  In the real
world, your data and identity have value, and people may be willing to
expend resources to acquire some of that value.  You need to estimate how
much exclusive use of your data is worth to you, how much your
hypothetical enemies are willing to spend to get access to that data, and
how cheaply you can defend against that attack.
It's been observed that a good programmer will look both ways when
crossing to a one-way street.  I'll observe that a good cryptographer
will not only look both ways, but will also look up and down.

@_date: 1994-09-09 09:40:14
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Cracking MD5 for $10M 
Hal discusses using the Distinguished Points method to find hash
collisions presented by Michael Wiener with Paul van Oorschot at Rump
Crypto '94, and lists two benefits:
(1) saves space in searching for loops on a single processor;
(2) allows parallel searches for collisions over multiple processors.
I claim it's useful only for (2), because another algorithm dominates it
for single processor loop detection... at least in storage space.  It
works as follows: get a sequence of values v(i+1) = MD5(v(i));
simultaneously get another sequence w(i+1) = MD5(MD5(w(i))), and start them
at the same place, v(0) = w(0).  That is, you're running one of them twice
as fast as the other.  At each iteration you compare v(i) with w(i), and
if they're equal, you've looped.  Drawing a few rho-shaped trajectories on
paper and following them around with two pencils should be enough to
complete a proof by hand-waving that it always catches a cycle; but
perhaps not as soon as the distinguished points would.
The distinguished points across machines is a great idea for (2), though,
and doesn't depend on anything looping...  cool stuff!
Do you (Hal?) or anybody else know whether Wiener and van Oorschot were
taking into account the contraction of the range each time you iterate
MD5?  I think the size of the set of all numbers that are the result of
MD5ing a 128-bit number is considerably smaller than 2^128... is it 1/e of
that?  Anybody know about random mappings?  Subsequent iterations reduce
it further, though of course not by 1/e each time, so that the set of
numbers that are the result of iteratively MD5ing a number N times should
be an appreciably smaller set to be groping around in.  For example, I
iterated the right-most 14 bits of SHA 26,539 times from one seed before
the range shrank to a single point.  Note that it need not shrink that
far in general, since some of the survivors would typically map into each

@_date: 1994-09-16 12:24:04
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: thoughts on RC4 
Is mbps megabits per second?  If so, I'm within a factor of 3 of confirming
your numbers.  If it's megabytes, I'm more than an order of magnitude away
from understanding what "modest hardware" means.
The original code plods along on my 50 Mhz '486 laptop (Borland C++ Pro)
at a paltry 1.43mbits/s.  Turning the inner loop into obfuscated C picks up
a little to 3.84mbits/s, and doing it with 8086-compatible assembler
yields only 8.40mbits/s.  The compiler could certainly be a lot smarter,
but the assembler probably couldn't be improved by a factor of 2 without
modifying the algorithm as you suggested -- the current incarnation is at
15 instructions per encrypted byte.
Anybody else have timing numbers?

@_date: 1995-08-25 13:36:10
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Approved Escrow Agents (forget GAK Motel) 
Here are some discussion papers for the upcoming NIST-sponsored conference
on 6-7 Sep 95 in DC.  Note the footnote in the 2nd paper:
    (*1)  "Approved," for the purposes of this discussion, means that
    the government (or its agent) has formally granted permission for
    an organization to hold keys for exportable encryption products.
I'd been working on some GAK slogans based on Roach Motel... into the
dumpster with "Keys go in, but they never come out!" -- too bad.
Key Escrow Issues Meeting, September 6-7, 1995
Discussion Paper                       Issues -- Export of                  Software Key Escrowed Encryption
On August 17, 1995, the Administration announced its proposal to
permit the ready export of software encryption provided that the
products use algorithms with key space that does not exceed 64
bits and the key(s) required to decrypt messages/files are
escrowed with approved escrow agents.  Under the proposal,
products will be reviewed to verify that they satisfy the
criteria and, if so, they will be transferred to the Commodity
Control List administered by the Department of Commerce where the
products can be exported under a general license (in much the
same way that 40-bit RC2/RC4 encryption is licensed today).  We are working toward creating broadly stated criteria that are
in the nature of performance specifications.  To meet these
criteria, encryption products will need to implement key escrow
mechanisms that cannot be readily altered or bypassed so as to
defeat the purposes of key escrowing.  The criteria, when finalized and published, will state the
objectives, but not the exact technical method(s), by which those
objectives are satisfied.  This is to provide software publishers
the flexibility to design methods for meeting our stated
objectives in a manner that is compatible with the design of
their products.  There are, therefore, a number of questions we
must work together to answer in order to draft effective
criteria.  These questions are:  *    Avoiding multiple encryption -- How can the product be
     designed so as to prevent doubling (or tripling, etc.) the
     key space of the algorithm? *    Disabling the key escrow mechanism -- How can products be
     made resistant to alteration that would disable or
     circumvent the key escrow mechanism?  How can the "static
     patch" problem be avoided?  How can this be tested?
*    Access to escrow information -- What mechanisms must be
     designed into encryption products to allow authorized access
     to escrowed keys?  This likely includes the identity of the
     key escrow agent(s) and a serial number for the key escrow
     agent to use to identify the key(s)/component(s) necessary
     to decrypt the message.  What other information will be
     necessary to be provided to the escrow agent to identify the
     necessary key(s)/component(s)?  Are there other comparable
     viable approaches?
*    Non-escrowed use -- How can products be made so that they do
     not function with non-escrowed products (or tampered
     escrowed products)?  How can this be tested?
*    Limiting surveillance -- How can products be designed so
     that information both sent and received by the user can be
     decrypted without release of keys of other users?
*    Practical Key Access -- How can mechanisms be designed so
     that repeated involvement of escrow agents is not required
     for decryption for multiple files/messages during the
     specified access period?
*    Assurance that keys are escrowed -- How can it be assured
     that key escrow products are indeed satisfactorily escrowed?      For example, products could be required to be escrowed at
     time of manufacture or be made inoperable until properly
     escrowed.
*    Ability to re-escrow keys -- How can products be designed so
     that new keys can be escrowed at the user's discretion with
     a U.S. Government approved escrow agent?
*    Certified escrow agents -- Can products be designed so that
     only escrow agents certified by the U.S. government
     (domestic, or under suitable arrangements, foreign) are
     utilized?  What should be the criteria for an acceptable
     U.S. escrow agent?                          --------------
With your input, we are hopeful that this effort will lead to
definitive criteria, which will facilitate the development of
exportable products and help minimize the time required to obtain
export licenses.  The Administration seeks to finalize such
criteria and make formal conforming modifications to the export
regulations before the end of 1995.  Note:  These issues will be discussed at the Key Escrow Issues
Meeting to be held September 6-7, 1995 (9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.) at
the National Institute of Standards and Technology (Gaithersburg,
Maryland).  The meeting will be open to the public, although
seating is limited.  Advance registration is requested, please
contact Arlene Carlton on 301/975-3240, fax: 301/948-1784 or e-
mail: carlton at micf.nist.gov.
                  -----------------------------
Key Escrow Issues Meeting, September 6-7, 1995
Discussion Paper                       Discussion Issues:           Desirable Characteristics for Key Escrow Agents
In the government's recent announcement of its intent to allow
the export of 64-bit software key escrow encryption products, one
stipulation was that the keys would be escrowed with an approved
key escrow agent.(*1)  Exactly what qualifications/considerations
are appropriate for approval as a key escrow agent have not been
defined.  Some of the issues which need to be discussed and
resolved include the following:
*    What kinds of organizations should be excluded from
     consideration as approved key escrow agents? *    What sort of legal agreement between the government and the
     key escrow agent is necessary to stipulate the
     responsibilities of the agent?  Should this include the
     terms and conditions under which release of a key is
     required?  *    How will liability for unauthorized release of key be
     handled?
*    Should, for example, intentionally misreleasing or
     destroying a key be criminalized?  Should this include other
     actions?                           *    How can the government's needs for confidentiality of key
     release be handled?
*    Should approval of key escrow agents be tied to a public key
     infrastructure (for digital signatures and other purposes)? *    What procedures need to be developed for the storage and
     safeguarding of keys?
*    What are the acceptable performance criteria (e.g., around-
     the-clock availability, accessibility, reliability, etc.)
     for approved key escrow agents?
*    Under what circumstances will key escrow agents in foreign
     countries be approved?
*    What process will be used to approve escrow agents?      Costs/who pays?
- - - ---------
(*1)  "Approved," for the purposes of this discussion, means that
the government (or its agent) has formally granted permission for
an organization to hold keys for exportable encryption products.
Note:  These issues will be discussed at the Key Escrow Issues Meeting
to be held September 6-7, 1995 (9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.) at the National
Institute of Standards and Technology (Gaithersburg, Maryland).  The
meeting will be open to the public, although seating is limited.
Advance registration is requested, please contact Arlene Carlton on
301/975-3240, fax: 301/948-1784 or e-mail: carlton at micf.nist.gov.

@_date: 1995-02-13 17:31:07
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: CDT POLICY POST No.2 -- X9 TO DEVELOP TRIPLE-DES STANDARDS 
I haven't seen that kind of detail, but here's a piece with some of the
players posted by one member in December.  I don't have the message from
voorhees that he responded to.
Newsgroups: talk.politics.crypto
Organization: America Online, Inc. (1-800-827-6364)
Lines: 29
Sender: news at newsbf01.news.aol.com
References: <3cg57o$hvq at interport.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: newsbf01.news.aol.com
Rich has the 3DES ballot results correct. It is currently our for
reconsideration which happens when there are 'no' votes.  It is expected
to pass.  Marty Ferris (Treasury and chair of X9F) chaired the X9F meeting
in Austin - which I attended as well as the earlier meeting of X9F4 on
Home Banking - and reported that the 3DES WI would probably go to Blake
and X9F1.  There will probably be a subworking group chaired by Glenda
Barnes of Cylink to shepard the 3DES along. Several of us will be
participating in the action.  We don't intend to let Blake sit on it or
kill it.  His rantings over some of the DES stuff is based on pure
conjecture and perhaps visions delivered in the night by NSA.  There are
no short cuts to a properly implemented DES system - only exhaustion. Ask
Bihnam and Shamir. The majority of folks (read banks) interested in 3DES
wan to see a two key system and not the 3 key proposed by Cylink for a
variety of reasons.  2key EDE DES produces key strength of 112 and not
somewhere between 70 and 80 as claimed by Father Blake.  The 70-80 is
probably more disinformation from the NSA to make SKIPJACK appear more
acceptable.  Many of us are convinced that Blake is paid by the spooks but
he will not publicly admit that he is.     The 3DES WI originated in X9F3
chaired by Gary Chauklin of the FRB and the 3DES WI was moved from X9F3 to
X9F1 over the objections of the X9F3 members and Gary.  When Marty was
questioned how that decision was made it became clear it was arbitrary and
Marty probably made it himself.  The meeting will be in Feb in Balitmore -
should be interesting.....         watch this space!!!                              ... peace ... abe
Abraham & Associates, Inc.; Applications in Cryptography;  Concord, NC

@_date: 1995-02-13 17:48:00
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: CDT POLICY POST No.2 -- X9 TO DEVELOP TRIPLE-DES STANDARDS 
Woops, just found it.  This is the predecessor to my previous forward
from x9a3, relating to Triple DES (3DES), complete with votes.
Newsgroups: talk.politics.crypto
Organization: Interport Communications
Lines: 87
Reply-To: voorhees at interport.net
NNTP-Posting-Host: voorhees.port.net
X-Newsreader: IBM NewsReader/2 v1.03
The following post is from Rich Ankeny, a member of
X9F1 and possibly F3, too.
He does not have easy access to newsgroups, so I am
posting it on his behalf.
I have a few comments on triple DES:
1.  X9F1 to Develop the Standard?
I read with interest your recent Usenet post about triple DES. I was not
aware that Marty Ferris (X9F chair) had already (offically) decided to
give the work to Blake. We (various X9F1/3 members) had figured the way
to delay it the longest is to form a new working group (X9F5:-).
2.  Blake's Opinions
Blake's claim is that triple DES (with two keys) is not 112 bits strong;
in fact it is somewhere between 70 and 80 bits strong. He gives no
details to back this up, though.  His other objection is that, since there
are only 32 bits input to the DES S-boxes in each round, at some point in
the future (say 10 years or so) this can be "cryptanalyzed" using table
lookups rather than test encryptions or other means, even on a desktop
sized machine (with lots of memory).  This is actually a reasonable
prediction, but it applies to single DES.  As to two-key triple DES, the
only published attack I'm aware of is a paper by Paul van Oorschot and
Michael Wiener of BNR (cited in Applied Cryptography, among other places);
their attack uses *lots* of memory and running time of less than 2^100
steps. I guess it all depends on who you think is the better
cryptanalyst:-)  Anyway, the X9 proposal was to use three-key triple DES;
one would hope that's at least 112 bits strong.
3.  The X9 Vote
I got the voting record from X9 on the triple DES NWI:
YES:  Applied Communications, AT&T, Bank of America, Bank of Boston,
Chemical Bank, Deluxe Check Printers(!), Federal Reserve, Fidelity
Investments, Mastercard, Mellon Bank, VISA, Wells Fargo.
NO:  NSA, NationsBank (their rep is X9 chair).
ABSTAIN:  ABA, American Express, Canadian Bankers Assoc., Moore Business
Forms, NIST, Unisys, Xerox.
10 members didn't return their ballots, including Citibank, Chase
Manhattan, and IBM.  This is not unusual for larger organizations
where the ballots sit on someone's desk for three or four months.  I
imagine many will be voting on the reconsideration ballot.
NO votes must have reasons, and abstentions typically do as well:
NSA:  We've seen their reasons already in earlier postings.
NationsBank:  Too much controversy and too many open issues (based, I
   would think, on the NSA comments)
ABA:  Concerned about the NSA comments (esp. exportability) and that
   adopting triple DES now would affect the number of options available
   in the long term.  ABA is opposed to Clipper/Capstone as currently
   proposed.  In particular:  (a) it must have congressional support,
   (b) at least one escrow agent must be a private sector entity, (c) it
   must be exportable, (d) there must be a *demonstrable* mechanism
   whereby escrow keys used in wiretap equipment cannot be compromised
   and are destroyed at the end of the wiretap period, (e) the
   algorithm must be unclassified or made available for an acceptable
   evaluation procedure by the banking industry, and (f) analysis of other
   issues is needed, including possiblity of software implementation, and
   compatibility with installed DES infrastructure.
Federal Reserve:  Supports triple DES, as an immediate alternative to DES.
   Also offers some much less negative wording for the reconsideration
   ballot.  (The original ballot did everything but recommend a NO vote.)
I don't have Usenet access (without "borrowing" a friend's account), so
please feel free to repost any of this you feel might interest the
EFF and other newsgroups.
Rich Ankney
(Fischer Int'l)

@_date: 1995-01-04 11:08:49
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Warning letter from Co$. [any comments ?] 
While the issue is interesting (using anonymous mailers to violate
copyrights or to expose scams, depending on your view of the content),
the apparent aim of the Scientologists isn't met by approaching the
cypherpunk remailers: the specific anonymous postings have been through
penet so far, I think.
You missplet "anonymous".  Hope this helps.
The only "proposed legislation" I know of was proposed by Martha Siegel,
the greencard guru from CyberHell.  Any others?
Yeah, right.  People unclear on the concept of anonymous remailers.
Maybe they should be talking to the mail-to-news forwarders instead.

@_date: 1995-01-28 21:11:23
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: SHA Reference? 
I think of them as SHA-1 and SHA-2, but I don't know if that's
usual.  When I say simply "SHA" I mean the Revised Standard Version.

@_date: 1995-10-22 09:50:44
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: BlackNet in "Hardware" 
I just bought "Hardware" (Delacorte Press, 1995) by Linda Barnes, one of
my favorite mystery authors, and experienced a startled frisson when I saw
that at least a couple of subscribers had their work immortalized:
Tim's "Invitation to BlackNet" is the opening quote, and the date given is
for L.'s widespread Usenet spam of Feb '94.
No book report here, but it was as gripping as the rest of her efforts.
It's "about" people rather than computer hackery, but the computery bits
were done quite well.  Does an Amiga 2000  have PC and Mac
compatibility options?  I don't know, and it doesn't matter anyway.

@_date: 1995-09-05 13:54:02
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Another Son of Clipper discussion paper 
I sent along two discussion papers for tomorrow's NIST session on the
revised plans for GAK last week.  Here's the third.

@_date: 1995-09-05 15:04:59
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Son of Clipper (commentary) 
I didn't want to mix my comments with the recent discussion paper I sent
along, so here they are separately.  Please refer back to my last msg to
see the points I'm bitching about.
It's a depressingly restrictive list of things to require for software
escrow encryption.  I can only conclude that they're not serious.  Clipper
itself fails to meet many of them, including (I think)    and Rumor has it that Clipper does not meet  either -- at Crypto '95
somebody in the Key Escrow session said many government Clipper keys are
not escrowed, and somebody in the back spoke up and said he owned such a
chip.  By the way, Moti Yung (noted crypto guy at IBM Yorktown Heights)
presented more breaks in Clipper's protocols like those Matt Blaze found,
and pointed out some aspects of Matt's break that he thinks make it more
important than previously thought.
Other things that bother me about the list:
 If it's escrowed, there should be no need to limit the key length unless
    somebody's planning to cheat.
 This rules out the possibility of escrowing individual session keys to
    limit the access of LE to sessions they are entitled by law to intercept.
 Care to tell us how to create software that can't be patched?
    This is one that's been played in the marketplace and has lost.  The
    battle between copy protectors and crackers has been decided in favor
    of the crackers: legitimate users largely refuse to buy packages that
    are too messy to deal with (e.g. they leave hidden files all over the
    disk, which may interfere with backups or other programs) or that use
    special purpose hardware (e.g. dongles that eat up a printer port).
    This one's a loser, I think.
 This is clearly a research issue.  Several speakers (even pro-GAK) at
    Crypto '95 said the policy decisions are being made before the
    research has been done.  The protocols and system specifications are
    key here, and it's not obvious how this criterion can be met.  It's
    not obviously impossible, but it certainly hasn't been solved in Clipper.
 One of the Crypto '95 attacks on the Clipper protocol makes use of
    this misfeature of Clipper.  It allows a broadening of the net of
    captured keys so that many more unauthorized messages may be read.
 See  above -- let's wait on the policy decision until we have a policy
    debate.  A mandated compromise is an oxymoron.  I (for one) would prefer
    to see much more limited keys (like session keys) if Congress decides
    that the right to privacy is not infringed by these technologies.
There's nothing in here that specifically excludes dividing your keys
among multiple escrow agents; I assume this is still an open issue still,
or that it goes without saying (one way or the other).
 and  make it impossible to prevent LE from reading messages from
before or after their legally authorized window.  This is clearly broken.
Again, this appears to be trying to put all the power in the hands of LE to
the detriment of the people.  It's advertized as a compromise, but I see
nothing gained over Clipper I.  The only differences appear to be that the
escrow agent(s) may be private instead of government, and the algorithms may
be something other than SKIPJACK as long as they are at least 16 bits
weaker as well as being known algorithms.
It also doesn't address the main problem with Clipper I: that it wouldn't
work, since (like Clipper I) it will catch only crooks who are smart enough
to encrypt but stupid enough to encrypt with a system they (should) know LE
can read -- probably a null set.  If, on the other hand, this is made
mandatory for encrypted transmissions, it will create a new and unnecessary
class of criminals, probably including myself (though I won't promise to
break any laws at this point).
This really burns me up.  What do they think they're doing here?  Am I
missing a big piece of it?

@_date: 1995-09-11 08:27:50
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Clipper: the definitive meme 
T-shirt!!  T-shirt!!
------- Forwarded Message
Newsgroups: talk.politics.crypto
In the world of Jet-Age crypto, the government offers up a biplane, and
seek to reserve the second seat for themselves.
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1995-09-12 14:53:28
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Friday (15 Sep) GAK meeting at NIST 
I was hoping to attend and enturbulate, but my schedule doesn't quite wrap
around it.  Here's the schedule and talking paper they sent when I inquired.

@_date: 1995-09-20 17:18:24
@_author: Jim@rand.org 
@_subject: Clipper: the definitive meme 
T-shirt!!  T-shirt!!
        Jim Gillogly
        Trewesday, 20 Halimath S.R. 1995, 15:26
------- Forwarded Message
Newsgroups: talk.politics.crypto
In the world of Jet-Age crypto, the government offers up a biplane, and
seek to reserve the second seat for themselves.
------- End of Forwarded Message
