
@_date: 1997-10-04 05:27:16
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: C'Punk Action Project - Help the Newbie 
7. How about the hit sqaud (from BATF, DEA, Border Patrol, Forest Service, etc [I'm not kidding]) who killed Donald Scott in Orange County because they wanted his primo land surround by national forest.  Crufted some excuse about pot on his land.  No pot, but
when they forcibly entered early in the morning and accosted his
wife, they shot him when he tried to protect her.  The local DA said
they lost their "moral compass".
 8. The military guys who killed the shepard in Texas.
9.  The police chief currently Wacoizing an elderly woman cuz
she refused to be hauled off (for psychiatric treatment) and sacrifice her land to the hungry wolves waiting to sell it off.
10. The wonderful people who organize the presidential debates
which denied the libertarian cadidate (on the ballot in all 50, before Perot) participation in the debates.  When libertarians peaceably assembled at the debate site they were cordoned off by SS in black ninja suits, MP5 submachine guns and german shepards.  Local police then descended on one of the libertarians taking pictures and beat him senseless, saying "we know what your up to!".  I guess he was trying to excercise his right to disagree with fascism.  (personally witnessed this one and got it on hi-q video).  Little to no news coverage.
11. Any number of participants at Waco.
12. We could just go on and on....
Jim Burnes
Engineer, Western Security, SSDS Inc
jim.burnes at ssds.com
Sometimes it is said that man cannot be trusted with the government
of himself.  Can he, then, be trusted with the government of others?
Or have we found angels in the forms of kings to govern him?  Let
history answer this question.  -Thomas Jefferson, 1st Inaugural Addr

@_date: 1997-09-10 04:35:55
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Net Papa: Global Internet Taxes Inevitable 
Jeez.  I'm glad I sold all my Cerf shares at Its amazing that Cerf doesn't even understand the implications of the
network that he designed.  Or maybe he does understand and just
doesn't like the fact that big bro is getting cut out of his future Yes and they've done such a good job protecting the public's safety
and well-being.  I don't remember the constitution spelling out anything about "governments rights".  Just the feds and states
limited powers.
If paranoia was on the agenda, someone would be shouting New World Order at this point.
Jim Burnes
Engineer, Western Security, SSDS Inc
jim.burnes at ssds.com
When the world is running down
Make the best of what's still around
                   - Sting

@_date: 1997-09-16 06:22:25
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Americans flunk constitutional quiz (fwd) 
Well, that's pretty sad.  Unfortunately very few of these questions had anything to do with the ideas behind the details?  You can ask
as many "how many congressional paiges fit on the head of a xxxahemxxx pin" questions, but how many can answer more important
questions.  In the spirit of test competition I humbly offer this competing quiz.
1.  Who were the federalists and the anti-federalists?
2.  What was the difference?
3.  What are the reasons for each of rights enumerated by the Bill of 4.  What are the rights of the government?  Does it have any?
5.  What is the difference between rights and powers?
6.  What is more powerful, a sitting jury or the Supreme Court?
7.  Is the second clause of the second amendment depedent or not?  8.  What is the meaning of the ninth and tenth amendments?
9.  What happenend to the constitution in 1938?
10. What is meant by the "welfare clause" of the constitution?  Show supporting evidence by quoting at least one founding father.
11. Who said "This country was founded with a pretty radical constitution, with radical freedoms.  When people abuse those freedoms you have to move to limit them."?
12.  What was the main argument against a bill of rights?
13.  What major document, which is signed yearly by most adult Americans is a direct violation of the fifth amendment?
14.  What is meant by freedom of assembly?
15.  What does the phrase "shall not be infringed" mean?
16.  What is meant by "a militia" in the second amendment?
17.  What is meant by "well-regulated" in the second amendment?
18.  What is meant by "free state" in the second amendment?    19.  Which federal agencies are not specified in the constitution?
20.  And finally a real trivia question, kids.  What kind of paper was the Declaration of Independence and Constitution printed on?
Please feel free to add on any other questions before we set up the CypherPunks Constitutional Quiz Website.  ;-)
Jim Burnes
Jim Burnes
Engineer, Western Security, SSDS Inc
jim.burnes at ssds.com
When the world is running down
Make the best of what's still around
                   - Sting

@_date: 1997-09-18 14:26:32
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Court proceedings under SAFE (secret voters) 
Funny you should mention that.  Check out VoteScam by James
Callier (sp?).  This might actually be of some interest to the security people out there.  Its a pure system security issue.
The software for the federal electronic vote tabulating equipment is produced by several independent vendors.  *None* of the source code is available.  The electronic votes are forwarded to a news consortium comprised of ABC,NBC,CBS and CNN.  It does *not*
go through an independently audited federal agency of any sort.
(this is what Callier claims -- it should be easy enough to verify)
My wife used to be an election observer in StLouis and the
"validation" test consists of the operator telling the witnesses
what to expect and then running a test deck of cards through
the machine.  *Suprise*   The results are exactly as the operator
The news corporations predict the outcomes.
The news corporations collect the votes.
The news corporations report the results.
The news corporations are suprisingly close in their predictions.
(very interesting)
This system is so fraught with security holes I don't think I need
to belabor the point.  What happens when a system is vulnerable
to corruption in such a sensitive position?  Hint: What happens to
unprotected iron in salt water?
Have a better one,
Jim Burnes
PS: I think there is a votescam page on the web out there somewhere.
Jim Burnes
Engineer, Western Security, SSDS Inc
jim.burnes at ssds.com
Sometimes it is said that man cannot be trusted with the government
of himself.  Can he, then, be trusted with the government of others?
Or have we found angels in the forms of kings to govern him?  Let
history answer this question.  -Thomas Jefferson, 1st Inaugural Addr

@_date: 1997-09-30 04:11:37
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Crypto Legality Question 
I have a theoretical situation which some person or
lawyer might know the answer to.  (not that lawyers are
not people...oh never mind).
ACME corporation, a mostly Canadian outfit with a major
subsidiary in the US, wants to roll out corporate wide crypto.
Most of their network operations are in the US except one
of their offices in Ireland.
Question (1): Can they buy a strong crypto package in the
US and physically roll it out to both Canada and Ireland.
Question (2): If Canada is OK, but Ireland is out of the
question, can Irish employees simply procure a compatible
strong crypto package from, say, Finland?  This assumes
that the message traffic from the Irish office to the US is
not covered by commerce dept regs, just the export of
software.  Since software isnt being exported, is everything
Jim Burnes
Jim Burnes
Engineer, Western Security, SSDS Inc
jim.burnes at ssds.com
When the world is running down
Make the best of what's still around
                   - Sting

@_date: 1997-10-01 04:12:02
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: We're from the government and we're here to he 
Just in case anyone has forgotten the mindset of Big Bro in the Land of the Freeh.  Who knows?  Maybe we could be
judged insane.
------- Forwarded Message Follows -------
By WebToday Staff Writers
Sunday, September 28, 1997
ROBY, ILLINOIS (Sept. 28, 1997)-- Illinois State police fired metal balls
into the chest of Shirley Allen Friday, September 26, thus escalating the
violence at the "Roby Ridge" Illinois government siege. Miraculously, the 51-year-old widow did not drop to the ground as did Vicky
Weaver when shot through the head and killed by a federal sharp shooter
while holding her infant daughter.
During a 10:30 a.m. Saturday news conference in Springfield the Illinois
State Police Czar Terry Gainer changed his story once again. In an apparent
irrational justification of his assault squad's aggressive behavior, he
made several extemporaneous disjointed statements including: "We're here to
help" and "We are looking out for her best interests" and "It's our hope
that she (Shirley Allen) will grow to understand that we . . . are looking
out for her..." (All three quotes taken from the September 27 issue of the
State Journal-Register, the dominant newspaper of record in Springfield,
Staying consistent with his continually contradictory statements Gainer
claimed it was widow Allen who first fired at police. Puzzled journalists
questioned how that could be since all official prior statements from
Gainer and the Illinois State Police attested to the fact that Mrs. Allen
had never fired on any of the police orders prior to Friday. A growing number of Mental Health observers are now comparing and
contrasting the extreme tactics taken by state authorities with the
rational and controlled self defense measures taken by the 51-year-old
woman authorities believe may be "mentally ill."
Perhaps stranger still are reports that the earlier estimate of $125,000
for the widow's estate have now grown to current appraisals in excess of a
million dollars. It has also been confirmed that there are two oil wells on
her large rural property. Yet unresolved is the question of who would
control the estate if the court order for mental evaluation succeeds in
keeping Mrs. Allen separated from her property. Questions also remain
unanswered as to the intentions of Mr. Allen's out of state relatives who
initiated proceedings for the court order for involuntary psychiatric
commitment. The siege began Monday when Christian County Sheriff Deputies attempted to
have the widow Allen involuntarily committed into a hospital for
"psychiatric evaluation." Under current Illinois laws upheld by the soon
retiring Governor Jim Edgar, it is remarkably simple for virtually any
family member, no matter how distant, to commit someone against their will.
Once papers are signed, family members are extracted from their homes and
involuntarily committed. One mental health commentator coined the
phrase,"Crazy until proven (by the state) otherwise." This writer asks: "Is
it any wonder that anyone who is about to be "taken away" might be somewhat
less than eager to comply?"
According to the State Journal-Register, Illinois State Troopers fired six
bags at Mrs. Allen from their shotguns, with three bags hitting her in the
chest, stating that, "Normally, that's enough to knock somebody down so
police can run up and arrest the person. But Allen's bulky clothing
apparently absorbed some of the shock, and she quickly fired her gun in the
direction of the shooting troopers." Terry Gainer told reporters in Springfield that he hoped the woman would
hear his message of peace through the media, especially since he gave her
the concession of turning her electricity back on last Wednesday.
Gainer seems to epitomize the mind set of advocates of big (brother)
government. He just doesn't get it. He's clueless as to why Mrs. Allen
didn't respond positively to his "I'm from the government and I'm trying to
help (commit) you" rhetoric. Furthermore he probably can't compute this
unrepentant widow's gross lack of appreciation for his generous concession
of turning her electricity back on. Perhaps he presumed that this "mentally
ill" woman also had a bad memory. Or maybe he has forgotten the fact that
it was his police who cut off her electricity in the first place-- not to
mention the other minor inconveniences, not the least of which was the
lobbing of a tear gas hand grenade into the window of the belwildered widow.
Regarding the gassing of this resilient woman, Christian County Sheriff
Dick Mahan made this astounding admission: "Mrs. Allen lessened the effects
of the gas by putting petroleum jelly on her face and running water over
her head." (Editor's not: Not too crazy.)
Meanwhile our government continues their headlong frenzy to fan the flames
of the tax-dollar eating furnace by maintaining 12 tactical team members to
surround the Allen home 24 hours a day, while reinforcements are retained
to keep the watchful eyes of concerned citizens virtually blindfolded. Even members of the news media have been pushed farther and farther away
from the scene. Once allowed to report on the story from up to 450 feet
away from the scene, now police have completely banned all news reporters
within a half mile of the home, in flagrant violation of foundational First
Amendment rights of free speech and freedom of the press. Predictably,
members of the news media were only all too willing to comply. Staying consistent with the precedents set at Waco and Ruby Ridge, police
have just succeeded in "evacuating" the last of the widow's closest
neighbors. Mind you, these neighbors say there is nothing insane or
dangerous about Mrs. Allen. This writer finds nothing "crazy" about Shirley Allen's amazing skills at
implementing consistent common sense while under what is by most any
measure would be considered to be an enormous amount of stress. That may be
more than can be said about some of the actions levied by police. The State
Journal-Register reported: "Friday's use of bean-bag bullets was the most
direct action by law enforcement agencies since tear gas was fired into the
home Monday by deputies," and went on to say, Christian County Sheriff
Mahan agrees stating Mrs. Allen is "not a stupid person."
So what exactly is the compelling reason Illinois authorities have that
justifies their obsession to violently disrupt the peaceful existence of a
widow who neighbors say is quiet, sane and not troublesome? Perhaps it is this widow's past crime record. After exhaustive background
probes made into Mrs. Allen's past, authorities were finally able to
unearth one token offense to which Mrs. Allen was guilty. Court archives
indicated that she once ran a stop sign.
If these extreme measures were being implemented in the former Soviet Union
rather than in the American rural town of Roby, we may have condemned the
actions of "The Evil Empire." Had this been the act of Saddam Hussein it
probably would have surprised us even less. But in the United States of
America, our citizenry seems to treading water not unlike the perverbial
frog in the saucepan. A rogue minority within government keeps slowly
turning up the heat until we boil and burst without knowing what hit us.
Political spin doctors have fine tuned their craft to the point that
millions of citizens are now desensitized to these escalating govenmental
abuses (some say tyranny). These usurpers have succeeded in
hypersensitizing the masses, addicting many to sports, O. J., or any other
strategic diversion that blinds eyes and deafens ears to the cries for help
from the widows and the defenseless. We simply relegate them to the
government for "help."
As governments gets bigger and the world get madder, all this writer can
conclude is with this kind of "help" it's a good thing we don't get all the
government we pay for!
Top Cop Gainer seems to think otherwise. As stated publicly he maintains
it's clear that "she's (Mrs. Allen) a danger" to either herself or somebody
else and, "We intend to stay until we can get her the medical treatment she
needs." With all due respect to Mr. Gainer, it appears he may have forgotten that
the "court order" (remarkably not even a warrant) authorized the County
Sheriff to bring Mrs. Allen into a hospital for evaluation. It never
authorized Mr. Gainer or anyone in government to issue a medical
determination prior to an examination. Zeal and good intentions aside,
there are plenty of other government agencies that there to "help" widow
Shirley Allen. Jim Burnes
Engineer, Western Security, SSDS Inc
jim.burnes at ssds.com
When the world is running down
Make the best of what's still around
                   - Sting
