
@_date: 2013-10-09 18:38:50
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: [pfSense] NSA: Is pfSense infiltrated by "big brother" NSA or others? 
Exactly, although this rule doesn’t just apply to “small companies”.   Big companies have shown to just roll over and give up the customer’s data.
So asking the question is stupid(*), because a lie is indistinguishable from the truth.
No, the NSA hasn’t approached us about pfSense, or adding a “back door”, or anything similar.  Nor has anyone else.
The next step is yours.
I am told that the NSA did review a version of pfSense that was made for a customer which would filter SCADA protocols.  I can’t verify that or not.
Note also that someone DID once accuse OpenBSD of having a problem with it’s IPSEC processing, which Theo *vehemently* denied.  Sam Leffler, about four years earlier, found a bug in the AH processing, which he fixed (in FreeBSD) and handed back to the OpenBSD.  They patched same, but never gave any acknowledgement to Sam.
So, maybe you should run OpenBSD.
* as it turns our, yes, Samantha, there is a Santa Clause^W^W^W^Ware stupid questions.
List mailing list
List at lists.pfsense.org

@_date: 2013-10-12 11:59:33
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: [pfSense] naive suggestion: conform to US laws 
There is no reason to build a house on sand.
There is no fruitful discussion to be had when the premise is patently false.
You seem upset at this.  Why?
Instead of some kooky conspiracy theory that ESF could be tortured or pressured to weaken pfSense, is this the *real* issue you have?
You seem upset that ESF controls the project.  Why?
You have provided no explanation (other than “rubber hoses”) for what form that “pressure” would take.
though point in fact, Jesus didn’t hand anyone a solution.
“The community” doesn’t own the copyright on the code, nor the trademarks to the names used.  Those belong to ESF.
Further, you’ve hypothesized about a ‘threat’ without providing any factual basis for same.  The term for this form of argument is “conspiracy theory”.
Since pfSense is open source (specifically, the BSD license), “the community” (or rather “a community”) could take the decision to fork the code and create their own solution.  It’s been attempted a couple times, but none of these have flourished.  While I don’t encourage forks (it’s typically not good for either project), occasionally they work out (at least for a while), I don’t go out of my way to inhibit those who wish to fork.
However, in any case, such a community would be prohibited from naming the result “pfSense”.
You greatly inflate my ownership interest here.
Not as strange as someone randomly showing up one day, hiding under a pseudonym, having never posted to a pfSense list before, making accusations.   You started throwing accusations, and yes, I got hostile.
Mostly I got hostile because your accusations are baseless, and despite my challenge, you refuse to drop it.  Since your activities are not furthering the project (find bugs, or at least make proposals), you’re wasting everyone’s time.   (I’d quote Spock here, but…)
Goodness man, you don’t even understand what happened with Lavabit, or why the situation would be different if a three letter agency were to show up on the doorstep one morning and demand that we weaken the project.   Despite my challenges (“name the law that they would use”), you refuse to respond, instead ducking for cover in your empty, baseless accusations that “it might happen”.
Specifically, Lavabit ran afoul of the Stored Communications Act ( "a law that addresses voluntary and compelled disclosure of "stored wire and electronic communications and transactional records" held by third-party internet service providers (ISPs)."
ESF is not an ISP.  The SCA does not apply.
CALEA ( obliges telecommunications companies to make it possible for law enforcement agencies to tap any phone conversations carried out over its networks, as well as making call detail records available. Common carriers, facilities-based broadband Internet access providers, and providers of interconnected Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) service – all three types of entities are defined to be “telecommunications carriers” and must meet the requirements of CALEA.
Since ESF is not a “telecommunications carrier”, CALEA does not apply to your proposed “FBI/NSA on the doorstep” scenario.
Even the various provisions of the PATRIOT act of 2001 (and it’s follow-ons) do not apply.  The most abusive of these, the so called “NSLs” are really a demand letter issued to a particular entity or organization to turn over various records and data pertaining to individuals, and an accompanying "gag order".    Since pfSense has no reason to store any records, there is nothing to hand over.   You could *perhaps* make the case that the config backup service could be attacked this way, but it was specifically designed such that ESF (or before January, BSDP) doesn’t have access to the plaintext configuration.   It is encrypted by the remote user, and we store the result.  We don’t know the keys.
Thus, my challenge stands.  You have yet to offer ANY legal authority under which the NSA (or any other agency of the US government) could demand that ESF make changes to pfSense.
Some here in the “community” seem upset that I’ve been so abrasive with you.   If you had an actual argument that made sense, you and they would see a different side (“Oh, you’re right.  We should find a way to close that loophole.”)  Instead, you stood on your accusations, despite any factual basis.  Your "Culture of fear” argument was roughly equivalent to the meme of a couple years ago:
"Did Glenn Beck Rape And Murder A Young Girl In 1990?”
This hoax began as a parody of public perception of Glenn Beck’s over-the-top interview antics on his self-titled television show Glenn Beck, wherein he frequently asks his guests to disprove highly speculative and often outrageous assertions.
(Just like you did.)
About.com published an article titled “Internet Hoax Says Glenn Beck Raped, Murdered Young Girl in 1990”, which called the hoax a textbook example of “…how to construct Internet smear campaigns…”  (
So yes, I went after you, because the correct response here is to not let the attempt at a smear campaign stand.   People love to take silence as assent.   Placating you would have been a mistake of the first order.
In the past, I’ve stood up to AT&T.  It took a decade, and was both expensive and exhausting.  I won.  Fnord.
You and those in the community who are upset with my behavior (whilst I was defending ESF and pfSense from your smear tactics) can bet their last Euro/Dollar/Yen that I’ll be 10X more abrasive with the US Government if they attempted what you accuse.
Were I to seek a country that was at least outwardly opposed to the behavior of the US security apparatus (and its related apparatus in other countries), I might consider Brazil.   That time is not now.
What you probably don’t appreciate is that the actual “we write code before breakfast” people employed by ESF to work on pfSense are already outside the US(*).  One of them lives in Brazil, another in Albania.  Perhaps of interest.  Perhaps not.  At the very least, they’re not subject to US law, so it would be difficult to get them to “go quiet” about any attempt to weaken the codebase of pfSense.
 (*) Jim Pingle does some, but not as much as the others.  He does, however, carry most of the support load.
List mailing list
List at lists.pfsense.org

@_date: 2013-10-12 16:36:47
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: [pfSense] naive suggestion: conform to US laws 
Sigh.  As much as this doesn’t belong on the pfsense list…
I actually know Alex, or did, 13 year ago.   I got friendly enough with him back in the mid-late 90s that we had each other’s cell phone numbers.
Back then Jamie and I were involved with Fringeware.
Fringeware became an advertiser on Alex Jones' radio show (on KLBJ, before he got booted).
On the front-end, I was a respected advertiser.  Meanwhile, others associated with Fringeware were culture-jamming him on the back-end. the result: Oh, the memories this brings back.  (As you’ll see, the FBI showed up to demand something, didn’t have a warrant, and was shown the sidewalk.)
Clayton, btw is a dear friend.  Easily one of the most brilliant people I’ve ever known.  I hope he speaks at my funeral.
Other fun was had at Fringeware.  We supported the Yes Men (  We actually hosted their website, as well as that of RTmark for a period in the late 90s on the same machine used for smallworks.com (which was originally the corporation behind the firewall named “Netgate”), fringeware.com, etc.
One of their pranks was that they setup a website named  (     which resulted in Bush’s famous "There ought to be limits to freedom,”  quote.
The great untold story on this is that all these websites were hosted in a shitty office building on Shoal Creek Blvd, one floor up from the then offices of "Karl Rove & Associates” even as they fought to shutdown gwbush.com.  The  was delicious, and they never succeeded. :-)
Anyway, you might want to study up on STRATFOR, or  Mary Maroney, who was the editor﻿ and chief of Infowars magazine until earlier this year.
Maroney formerly worked for Stratfor and Parker Media here in Austin.  If you don’t know who they are, then I suggest more research on your part.
Have fun, but be careful when you enter the rabbit hole.   Snowden and Manning are both late-comers to the party:
 (see also:  /   (now consider all the cheerleading for Intel Ethernet chips on the various pfSense lists…)
List mailing list
List at lists.pfsense.org

@_date: 2013-10-13 12:03:24
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: [pfSense] not all backdoors are NSA backdoors 
It occurs to me that being more ‘conversational’ with the community might be a good thing.   Describing what is happening with pfSense, and why, and engaging the pfsense community in the process could be a good thing.   My first attempt is included herein.
But first, on the tail of the recent thread that erupted here, consider this backdoor that someone (?) recently (?) discovered (?) in the firmware for certain D-link routers:  If you read the article, the user agent string that bypasses authentication (according to the post) can be read backwards as "Edit by 04882 Joel Backdoor”.  One possible Joel is Joel Liu, Senior Director-Chief Technology Office Alpha Networks:
Alpha Networks being a spin-off of D-Link.  They have a GPL compliance office:   but you can bet they won’t ship you >that< source code.
[Normally, if one is going to hide secret strings inside the binary, one also obfuscates them.  An example: In some respects, the recent thread was about fear of asymmetric information, that those inside ESF have information and access that the community does not.
In contract theory and economics, information asymmetry deals with the study of decisions in transactions where one party has more or better information than the other. In contrast to neo-classical economics which assumes perfect information, this is about "What We Don't Know". This creates an imbalance of power in transactions which can sometimes cause the transactions to go awry, in the worst case a kind of market failure.
Specific to the subject, the information asymmetry here is the community’s supposed inability to observe and/or verify ESF's actions.
To the best of our ability so far, pfSense is both observable and verifiable.  The source code is on github (
and the build process is quasi-documented.    Getting something like the ‘backdoor by Joel’ above into the codebase without detection
would be difficult if not impossible.   (There are more subversive means, which I touched on mid-thread, but they still fail in the presence of a public development process.)
Frankly, (between you and I), the pfSense build process could be better documented.  Truth be told: the build system for pfSense is archaic.  Nobody associated with it (at this point) likes it.  Simultaneously, everyone is afraid to replace it. “There be dragons…”
An action-item post 2.2 (and it’s move to FreeBSD 10) is to clean-up the build system, possibly making it more like that which builds FreeBSD, rather than the mess of shell (and PHP) scripts that exists now.
Having a cleaner build system could lead to better verification of the resultant bits.
Another issue is the proliferation of pfSense mirrors.   How do we (all) trust the bits on these mirrors, given that they’re run by parties entirely independent and remotely located from ESF?   One possible solution:  signed packages, and there was a bit of infrastructure put in-place just prior to the 2.1 release.  We’ve yet to accomplish the rest of this, but.. it’s coming.
As always, if you have ideas(*), bring them forward.
(*) that don’t involve re-incorporating as a non-US, non-profit company…
List mailing list
List at lists.pfsense.org

@_date: 2013-09-05 15:07:00
@_author: Jim Thompson 
@_subject: [pfSense] [liberationtech] NSA Laughs at PCs, Prefers Hacking Routers and Switches 
Read ‘em and weep:  My take is that most places don’t enable PFS (because it’s “hard”) in IPSec.
In theory, Transport Layer Security (TLS) can choose appropriate ciphers since SSLv3, but in everyday practice many implementations have refused to offer PFS or only provide it with very low encryption grade. I don’t know the situation on pfSense (I’ve not gone to look, as I’m elbows deep in an IPv6 IPsec issue atm.)
In theory, OpenSSL supports perfect forward secrecy using elliptic curve Diffie–Hellman since version 1.0.   Do we set "enable-ec_nistp_64_gcc_128” on pfSense?
Do we enable the DHE-RSA-AES128-SHA cipher suite?   How about ECDHE-RSA-AES128-SHA?  Do we build the 64-bit optimized version for 64-bit images?
Anyway, the ‘evidence’ is that there is some fundamental weakness in DH,  since the NSA itself recommends EC crypto rather than DH in their “Suite B” offering.
One would think that pfSense would follow suit.
List mailing list
List at lists.pfsense.org
