
@_date: 1994-07-10 19:47:45
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: Bug in PGP2.6 when editing your key 
We have found an important bug in PGP 2.6 (and 2.5).
If you store  your pass phrase   in the PGPPASS environment  variable or
supply it via the PGPPASSFD hack and you edit your key (pgp -ke) you may
Specifically if you edit your key and do *not*  change your pass phrase,
then it gets clobbered and you lose access to your private key.
What to do if this happens to you:
You will know that this has happened because you  will edit your key and
then not be  able to use  your  private key.  *IMMEDIATELY* restore your
secring.pgp and    pubring.pgp   from the   ".bak"  versions  that   PGP
automatically creates. This will put things back the way they were.
Work Around:
You can avoid this problem when editing your key by doing one of the two
things below.
1) Remove the PGPPASS environment variable (or don't use PGPPASSFD) when
editing  your key. You   will then have   to manually type in your  pass
phrase when editing your key, but the pass phrase will not get clobbered
this way.
2) If you still use the PGPPASS environment  variable, then when the key
editing process asks you  if you wish to  change your pass phrase answer
"y" (i.e., tell it  that you wish to   change your pass phrase)  it will
then prompt you twice for your new pass phrase. Note: You  can set it to
what it was, effectively not really  changing it. PGP  will not know the
difference and your pass phrase will not get clobbered.
This problem has   a known fix and  it   will be  included in  the  next
                                -Jeff

@_date: 1994-07-17 18:15:08
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: PGP bug *NOT* yet fixed 
Chill out friend. We are working on a bugfix release to PGP which will
fix several important bugs. The bug you mention is fixed in our
development sources and will be fixed in the next release. Read Colin's
note carefully. If you do you will realize that this problem is not
a disaster.
The reason that you need good random numbers for cryptographic
purposes is to make an exhaustive search through all possible values
of a key too hard to do. There is more then enough randomness in the
random pool even with this bug to prevent someone from being able
to search all possible values.
                      -Jeff

@_date: 1994-06-06 18:15:51
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: PGP 2.6 FAQ (PGP Signed) 
This version is identical to the version mailed out by Hal Abelson. I
was out of town so I was unable to sign it. The only change to this
document (besides the addition of the PGP signature) is the conversion
of tabs to spaces and the removal of trailing whitespace.
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
                        Questions and Answers
                    about MIT's Release of PGP 2.6
                                  by
    Hal Abelson, Jeff Schiller, Brian LaMacchia, and Derek Atkins
                             June 2, 1994
Q: Is PGP 2.6 an official release from MIT?
A: Yes.  PGP 2.6 is distributed via the Internet to non-commercial
U.S. users by MIT Information Systems, via anonymous ftp from
net-dist.mit.edu in the directory pub/PGP.  Planning for the PGP 2.6
release was conducted with the knowledge and approval of the MIT
administration.  The MIT News Office officially announced the
availability of PGP 2.6 in a press release dated May 26, 1994.
Q: Was PGP 2.6 released in cooperation with RSA Data Security, Inc.?
A: Yes.  PGP 2.6 uses the RSAREF(TM) Free Cryptographic Toolkit
(Version 1) licensed by RSADSI.  RSADSI has granted MIT permission to
access the non-published routines in RSAREF required to support PGP.
Q: Was Phil Zimmermann involved in the PGP 2.6 release?
A: Yes.  Zimmermann has been fully involved in the release process.
In addition, he approved all code changes from earlier versions of
PGP and updated the PGP documentation for version 2.6.
Q:  Can PGP 2.6 interoperate with previous versions of PGP?
A: Not completely.  There are two different incompatibilities between
PGP 2.6 and earlier versions of PGP.  The first incompatibility is a
deliberate format change that will trigger on September 1, 1994.  The
intent of this change is to discourage PGP users in the U.S. from
using PGP 2.3a, which potentially infringes patents.  The second
incompatibility is that PGP 2.6 requires signatures to be in PKCS
format, which has been the default since PGP 2.3, although PGP 2.3
was able to process non-PKCS signatures.
Q: What's the effect of the September 1 format change?  Will I still
be able to use my old keys?  Will I still be able to decrypt old
A: Both now and after September 1, PGP 2.6 will decrypt messages and
uses keys generated by PGP 2.3a.  To quote from the PGP 2.6 manual:
        PGP version 2.6 can read anything produced by versions 2.3,
        2.3a, 2.4, or 2.5.  However, because of a negotiated
        agreement between MIT and RSA Data Security, PGP 2.6 will
        change its behavior slightly on 1 September 1994, triggered
        by a built-in software timer.  On that date, version 2.6 will
        start producing a new and slightly different data format for
        messages, signatures and keys. PGP 2.6 will still read and
        process messages, signatures, and keys produced under the old
        format, but it will generate the new format.
Q: What about the PKCS requirement?
A: PKCS Stands for Public Key Cryptography Standards and is a
voluntary standard created by RSA Data Security and several industry
leading organizations, including MIT. PKCS specifies standard
encodings for encrypted and signed objects as well as some key
formats. The standard documents themselves may be obtained via
anonymous FTP from rsa.com.
Starting with PGP version 2.3, PGP signatures have conformed to the
PKCS signature standard.  Although PGP version 2.3 generated PKCS
format signatures, it was capable of understanding the non-PKCS format
generated by PGP 2.2 and earlier versions.  PGP 2.6 removes this
compatibility code. This makes some of the PGP 2.6 code cleaner and
ensures compatibility with future versions of RSAREF and other future
standard software.  Making the change now also encourages people to
obtain fresh signatures on their keys, which is a prudent thing to do
every so often.
Note: The PKCS requirement has nothing to do with the September 1 PGP
format change. It is an independent decision of the PGP development
Q: Is there a technical reason for the September 1 format change?
A: No. The format change is being made for legal reasons, not
technical reasons.  MIT wanted to bring out a version of PGP that
would have the support of RSADSI.  RSADSI would not lend their support
to a product that fully interoperates with PGP 2.3, which, when used
in the United States, potentially infringes patents licensed to them
by Stanford and MIT.  The intent of this format change is to
discourage people from continuing to use the earlier software, which
will mitigate the patent-caused problems that have hampered use of PGP
within the U.S.  The time delay between now and September is to give
people adequate time to upgrade to the new software.
Q:  Does using RSAREF make PGP 2.6 run more slowly than previous
versions of PGP?
A: No.  The speed-critical portions of PGP 2.6 use the same
multi-precision integer libraries as in PGP 2.3a.  We have noticed no
appreciable speed difference between PGP 2.3a and PGP 2.6 on any of
the platforms we have tried.  If you observe a performance problem
with PGP 2.6, please send details to pgp-bugs at mit.edu.  Be sure to
tell us what platform and compiler you are using.
Q: Is there a back door in PGP 2.6?
A: No. You need not take our word for it.  PGP is distributed in
source code, so that you can verify its integrity yourself, or get
someone you trust to verify it for you.  The 2.6 MSDOS executable file
that we distribute has been digitally signed, so you will know that it
has not been tampered with.  In general, you should be wary of using
encryption programs that you receive as object code, whose origin you
cannot authenticate.
Q: Why is PGP 2.6 limited to 1024-bit keys?  Does this compromise the
security of PGP 2.6?
A: To quote from the PGP 2.6 manual:
        Beginning with version 2.4 (which was ViaCrypt's first
        version) through at least 2.6, PGP does not allow you to
        generate RSA keys bigger than 1024 bits.  The upper limit was
        always intended to be 1024 bits.  But because of a bug in
        earlier versions of PGP, it was possible to generate keys
        larger than 1024 bits.  These larger keys caused
        interoperability problems between different older versions of
        PGP that used different arithmetic algorithms with different
        native word sizes.  On some platforms, PGP choked on the
        larger keys.  In addition to these older key size problems,
        the 1024-bit limit is now enforced by RSAREF.  A 1024-bit key
        is very likely to be well out of reach of attacks by major
        governments.
Cracking a 1024-bit key is far beyond any publicly known computational
capability.  The table below, originally posted to Usenet in October,
1993, gives some numbers for the expected amount of work required to
crack keys of various sizes. The prediction for RSA129, which was
finally factored in April, 1994, was very close to the actual time
required.  (The time was about 5000 MIPS-years, depending on your
definition of a MIPS.)
    RSA129 (429 bits):      4,600 MIPS-YEARS
    a 512 bit key         420,000 MIPS-YEARS (safe for a little while!)
    a 700 bit key   4,200,000,000 MIPS-YEARS (seems pretty safe to me!)
    a 1024 bit key    2.8 x 10^15 MIPS-YEARS (Wow!)
The above table is based on the Multiple-Polynomial Quadratic Sieve
(MPQS). Other algorithms under development may have slightly better
The bottom line is that cracking a 1024-bit key using anything like
presently known factoring methods will probably not happen within the
lifetime of anyone reading this FAQ at the time of this writing
(1994).  A breakthrough in computer technology or algorithm efficiency
that threatens a 1024 bit key is likely to be so powerful that it will
threaten much larger keys as well, and then all bets are off!
Any successful attack on PGP with large key sizes is more likely to
come from exploiting other aspects of the system (such as the prime
number generation algorithm) than by brute-force factoring of keys.
Given this, it is not at all clear that key sizes larger than 1024
bits provide increased security in any practical sense.
Nevertheless, RSADSI has granted MIT permission to modify RSAREF to
increase the key size, and larger keys will be supported in a future
PGP release.  These larger keys, however, will not be manipulated by
PGP 2.6 and earlier releases, so users will need to upgrade in order
to use them.
Q: There is no patent problem with using PGP 2.3a outside the U.S.
Isn't it offensive to impose a change on PGP users around the world
to accommodate a legal problem in the U.S.?
A: To quote from the PGP 2.6 manual:
        Outside the United States, the RSA patent is not in force, so
        PGP users there are free to use implementations of PGP that
        do not rely on RSAREF and its restrictions.  Hopefully,
        implementors of PGP versions outside the US will also switch
        to the new format, whose detailed description is available
        from MIT.  If everyone upgrades before 1 September 1994, no
        one will experience any discontinuity in interoperability.
We apologize to PGP users outside the U.S.  We are asking them to
undergo the inconvenience of making a change to the non-U.S. version
of PGP for no technical reason.  We hope that the effect of this
change, which will remove any legal controversy from the use of PGP in
the U.S., will benefit PGP users outside the U.S. as well as within
the U.S.
Q: How can PGP users outside the U.S. upgrade, if PGP 2.6 might be
subject to U.S. export controls?
A: The format change that will become effective on September 1, 1994
can be accomplished by a simple modification to the PGP 2.3a code,
which was developed outside the U.S.  MIT has published the new format
specification.  Consequently, a non-U.S. version of PGP that
interoperates with PGP 2.6 can be produced without the need
for anyone to attempt to export PGP software from the U.S.
Q: With this incompatible change, what provisions are being made for
users of ViaCrypt PGP (PGP 2.4) ?
A: ViaCrypt has announced a new release of their product, called PGP
2.7, that supports both the old and new formats.  They will also
provide upgrade kits for users for version 2.4.  For further
information, contact
    Paul E. Uhlhorn
    Director of Marketing, ViaCrypt Products
    Mail:          2104 W. Peoria Ave
                   Phoenix AZ 85029
    Phone:         (602) 944-0773
    Fax:           (602) 943-2601
    Internet:      viacrypt at acm.org
    Compuserve:    70304.41
Q: Does PGP 2.6 use RSAREF version 1, or RSAREF 2.0?
A: PGP 2.6 uses RSAREF version 1.  PGP 2.5 used RSAREF version 2.0.
During the discussions that led to the creation of PGP 2.6, RSA Data
Security requested that MIT switch to RSAREF 1.  Furthermore, RSADSI
gave MIT formal written permission to make calls to internal program
interfaces in RSAREF 1, consistent with the RSAREF 1 license.  From
a technical standpoint, it doesn't matter which version of RSAREF is
used by PGP.  The major enhancements to RSAREF 2.0 have to do with
functionality not required by PGP.  Also, RSADSI's licensing
restrictions (which require non-commercial use only) are not
significantly different from RSAREF 1 to RSAREF 2.  It is possible that
later releases of PGP from MIT may use a different release of RSAREF,
but we see no reason to do so at this time.
Q: What is PGP 2.5 and what is its status?
A: MIT initially released PGP 2.5 for beta test on May 9, 1994.
During the beta test period, we continued discussions with RSA Data
Security.  These discussions led us to decide to install the September
1 format change, as well to use RSAREF 1 (see question above).  PGP
2.5 contained several important bugs that have been fixed in PGP 2.6.
PGP 2.5 does *not* contain the software necessary to understand
messages generated by PGP 2.6 after September 1. We therefore urge all
U.S.  users to upgrade to PGP 2.6 (or a subsequent version).
Q: What is PGP 3.0?
A: PGP 3.0 is an anticipated upgrade to PGP.  Unlike PGP 2.6, PGP 3.0
will be a major rewrite and reconstruction of the PGP internal
software.  PGP 3.0 might be ready before the end of 1994, but there
are no specific release plans yet.
Q: Will there be further incompatible changes to PGP?
A: Almost certainly.  As new features are added, the format of
messages and other data structures will no doubt be changed.  For
example, we have considered adding a new packet type for signatures
that places the signature at the end of a signed packet rather then
the beginning.  This will permit restructuring the PGP software so
that it can operate in one pass, with no need to create the numerous
temporary files that PGP now creates. This will facilitate
applications that are not now currently possible.  For example, a
one-pass PGP could be used to encrypt data to a tape drive during
backup.  This cannot be done with PGP today because it would need to
create temporary files that consume almost twice as much disk space as
the data being backed up!
Q: Will keys generated prior to PGP 2.6 continue to be usable?
A: Yes. PGP 2.6 will always be able to use keys created by prior
versions. New keys, generated *after* September 1 will *not* be
usable by prior versions of PGP. However we hope that all PGP users
will have upgraded to PGP 2.6 or better (or its non-U.S. equivalent)
by September.
Q: Why did MIT release PGP 2.6, when PGP 2.3 is already available?
A: Using PGP 2.3 in the U.S. potentially infringes patents licensed
exclusively to Public Key Partners by Stanford University and MIT.
This sticky patent situation has deterred the spread of PGP, because
many people and institutions did not wish to risk violating
intellectual property restrictions.
MIT has addressed this problem in PGP 2.6 by using RSAREF, which is
licensed by RSA Data Security, Inc. RSADSI acknowledges that PGP 2.6
is a legitimate RSAREF application.  The RSAREF license includes
rights to all of the relevant U.S. patents on public key cryptography
for non-commercial use.
Q: Will there be version of PGP 2.6 for the Mac?
A: People are working on this, but it's not ready yet.  We hope it
will be available within a couple of weeks.
Q: Is MIT distributing PGP 2.6 to Canada?
A: No, or at least not yet.  There are some legal issues involved,
having to do with possible U.S. export control restrictions, and we're
getting advice on how to deal with these.  We hope to sort this out
next week.
Q: Who are the people who are working on the PGP 2.6 release?
A: People outside MIT working directly on the 2.6 release are Phil
Zimmermann and Colin Plumb.
People at MIT coordinating the PGP 2.6 release are Jeff Schiller, MIT
Network Manager; Hal Abelson, Prof. of Computer Science and
Engineering; Brian LaMacchia, graduate student in Computer Science;
and Derek Atkins, graduate student in Media Arts and Sciences.
Support from the MIT administration was provided by Jim Bruce, MIT
Vice-President for Information Systems; David Litster, MIT
Vice-President and Dean for Research; Karen Hersey, MIT Intellectual
Property Counsel; and John Preston, MIT Director of Technology
Q: Are there more questions?
A: Certainly.  If there are other questions about PGP 2.6 that you
think ought to be answered here, please send us to them (at
pgp-bugs at mit.edu) and we will try to include answers in future versions
of this FAQ.

@_date: 1994-06-10 21:46:24
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: MacPGP 2.6 now available from MIT 
MacPGP 2.6 is now available from the MIT ftp site (net-dist.mit.edu).
It is stored in the hidden distribution directory. Two files are
available. MacPGP2.6.sea.hqx contains a binhex'd self extracting archive
(which contains a Readme file, a detached signature and another archive).
This is the binary distribution.
MacPGP2.6.src.sea.hqx is a similar (signed)archive within an archive.
This file contains the source used to build MacPGP 2.6.
Note: All archives are self extracting. As such they are Macintosh
Applications which contain both a data "fork" and a resource "fork".
To verify the detached signatures on the internal archives you need
to first use the MacBinarize (command-B) option of MacPGP to create
a macbinary style copy of the internal archive prior to verifying the
detached signature. The exact steps to do this are documented in the
Readme file in the MacPGP2.6.sea.hqx distribution.
Bugs should be sent to pgp-bugs at mit.edu.
                         -Jeff

@_date: 1994-06-12 16:34:22
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: Warning: Don't run MacPGP 2.6 on a 68000 based Macintosh 
Warning. MacPGP 2.6 (1.1.1) will *not* work on a 68000 based
Macintosh. It will bomb. I was unaware of the nasty hack you have to
do when compiling MacPGP in order to get it to be 68000 aware.
People who have the source distribution can compile it for either
                        -Jeff

@_date: 1994-06-25 17:28:05
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: MacPGP2.6 
Hmmm. I just tried and was unable to reproduce your problem. I created a
secret keyring which contained two keys. MacPGP2.6 happily let me select
either one. How did you wind up with two keys? Did MacPGP generate them
both or did you import one (or both) of them? What actually happens when
you attempt to use the one that MacPGP doesn't want to use?
P.S. We might want to move this conversation to pgp-bugs at mit.edu

@_date: 1994-05-09 10:56:01
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: MIT Announces PGP 2.5 
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology announces the distribution
of PGP version 2.5, incorporating the RSAREF 2.0 cryptographic toolkit
under license from RSA Data Security, Inc., dated March 16, 1994.  In
accordance with the terms and limitations of the RSAREF 2.0 license of
March 16, 1994, this version of PGP may be used for non-commercial
purposes only.
PGP 2.5 strictly conforms to the conditions of the RSAREF 2.0 license
of March 16, 1994.  As permitted under its RSAREF license, MIT's
distribution of PGP 2.5 includes an accompanying distribution of the
March 16, 1994 release of RSAREF 2.0.  Users of PGP 2.5 are directed
to consult the RSAREF 2.0 license included with the distribution to
understand their obligations under that license.
This distribution of PGP 2.5, available in source code form, is
available only to users within the United States of America.  Use of
PGP 2.5 (and the included RSAREF 2.0) may be subject to export
control.  Questions concerning possible export restrictions on PGP 2.5
(and RSAREF 2.0) should be directed to the U.S. State Department's
Office of Defense Trade Controls.
Users in the United States of America can obtain information via FTP
from net-dist.mit.edu in the directory /pub/PGP.
Today's release of PGP 2.5 is a beta test release, designed to permit
users to familiarize themselves with the program and to give us
feedback before we make the final release.  This version of PGP2.5 has been tested on the following platforms:
Over the next few days, we will be testing PGP2.5 on a variety of
other systems and collecting bug reports from this release.
Please send bug reports to pgp-bugs at mit.edu.
If you obtain a copy of this beta release code, please keep checking
 for the announcement of the final release, so that
you can update your copy of PGP2.5.  We expect the final release to
occur within a week.
*** To Get PGP2.5: The directory where PGP2.5 is located is hidden.
To get it you need to telnet to "net-dist.mit.edu" and login as getpgp.
You will be asked to confirm that you will abide by the terms and
conditions of the 3/16/94 RSAREF 2.0 license. The license is in
the file "license.txt" in /pub/PGP on net-dist.mit.edu.

@_date: 1994-05-16 11:04:13
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: PGP 2.5 Beta Release Over, PGP 2.6 to be released next week 
The beta version of PGP 2.5 is now being removed from MIT file servers.
In about a week,  MIT will begin  distribution of a new release numbered
PGP 2.6. PGP 2.6 will incorporate a new version of RSAREF, scheduled for
release by RSA Data Security next week, and  will also correct bugs that
were reported in PGP 2.5.
In order  to   fully protect  RSADSI's intellectual  property  rights in
public-key technology, PGP 2.6 will be designed so  that the messages it
creates after September 1,  1994 will be  unreadable by earlier versions
of PGP that infringe patents licensed exclusively to Public Key Partners
by MIT and Stanford University. PGP 2.6 will continue to be able to read
messages generated by those earlier versions.
MIT's intent is  to discourage continued use  of the earlier  infringing
software,  and to give  people adequate time  to upgrade. As part of the
release process, MIT has commissioned an independent legal review of the
intellectual property issues surrounding earlier releases of PGP and PGP
keyservers. This   review determined  that PGP  2.3  infringes  a patent
licensed by MIT to RSADSI, and that keyservers that primarily accept 2.3
keys  are mostly  likely   contributing to this  infringement.  For that
reason,  MIT encourages all non-commercial  users in the U.S. to upgrade
to PGP 2.6,  and all keyserver operators  to no longer accept keys  that
are identified as being produced by PGP 2.3.

@_date: 1994-05-23 21:23:46
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: MIT has released PGP 2.6 
MIT is pleased  to announce the release of   PGP 2.6, a free  public-key
encryption program for non-commercial use.  PGP 2.6 provides for digital
signatures and confidentiality of files and messages.
PGP  2.6  is  distributed  in  source  form    for  all platforms.   For
convenience, an MSDOS executable is also part of  this release.  Because
source is  available, anyone may   examine  it to verify the   program's
PGP 2.6 uses the RSAREF(TM)  Cryptographic Toolkit, supplied by RSA Data
Security, Inc.  PGP 2.6 is being released by MIT with the cooperation of
In order  to fully protect  RSADSI's   intellectual property  rights  in
public-key technology, PGP   2.6 is  designed so  that  the  messages it
creates after September  1, 1994 will  be unreadable by earlier versions
of PGP that infringe patents licensed exclusively to Public Key Partners
by MIT and Stanford University. PGP 2.6 will continue to be able to read
messages generated by those earlier versions.
Because earlier  versions of PGP   (including  MIT's Beta  test PGP  2.5
release)  will not be able  to  read messages created   by PGP 2.6 after
September 1, 1994, MIT  strongly urges all PGP  users to upgrade to  the
new format.
The  intent of the   format change is   to  discourage continued  use of
earlier infringing software  in the  U.S., and  to  give people adequate
time to  upgrade.  As part of the  release process,  MIT commissioned an
independent legal review of the intellectual property issues surrounding
earlier releases of PGP and PGP keyservers.  This review determined that
use of PGP  2.3 within the United States  infringes a patent licensed by
MIT to RSADSI,  and that keyservers that primarily  accept 2.3  keys are
mostly likely contributing to this  infringement.  For that reason,  MIT
encourages all non-commercial  PGP users in the U.S.  to upgrade  to PGP
2.6,  and all  keyserver  operators to no longer   accept keys  that are
identified as being produced by PGP 2.3.
How to get PGP 2.6 from MIT:
PGP 2.6 is available from MIT only over the  Internet. Use anonymous FTP
to login to net-dist.mit.edu. Login as  anonymous. Look in the directory
copy of  the  RSAREF license  and a  copy  of  a  software license  from
MIT. Please read the   README file and these  licenses  carefully.  Take
particular note of the provisions about export control.  THe README file
contains more detailed instructions on how to get PGP 2.6.
Also in /pub/PGP is   a copy of the  PGP  Manual (files  pgpdoc1.txt and
pgpdoc2.txt) and  the file pgformat.doc  that describes the PGP message,
signature and  key  formats, including  the  modifications for  PGP 2.6.
These are   being made available   without the distribution restrictions
that pertain to the PGP source and executable code.

@_date: 1994-05-24 09:59:32
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: Minor edit to the PGP 2.6 distribution 
About one half hour ago I replaced the PGP 2.6 distribution files with a
newer version. The change represents a new mitlicen.txt file (minor wording
correction, no big deal) and a corrected UNIX makefile. The source itself
and the executables were not changed.

@_date: 1994-09-06 11:29:19
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: PGP 2.6.1 Available from MIT 
MIT is  pleased   to announce the    availability of PGP 2.6.1,   a free
public-key encryption  program  for   non-commercial use.    PGP   2.6.1
provides for   digital   signatures and  confidentiality of    files and
PGP 2.6.1 is  distributed in source   form for DOS/UNIX platforms.   For
convenience, an MSDOS executable is also part  of this release.  Because
source  is  available, anyone may  examine  it  to  verify the program's
For Macintosh users MIT is currently distributing  MacPGP 2.6. An update
to MacPGP 2.6 will occur at a later date.
PGP 2.6.1 contains fixes to many of the bugs reported in PGP 2.6 and MIT
encourages all U.S. PGP users to upgrade.
How to get PGP 2.6.1 from MIT:
PGP 2.6.1 is  available from MIT only over  the  Internet. Use anonymous
FTP  to login  to   net-dist.mit.edu. Login as   anonymous. Look  in the
directory /pub/PGP. In  this directory,   available  to everyone, is   a
README file   a copy of  the RSAREF  license  and a  copy  of a software
license  from  MIT. Please  read   the  README file and  these  licenses
carefully.  Take particular note of the provisions about export control.
The README file  contains more detailed  instructions on how to get  PGP
Also  in /pub/PGP is  a  copy of  the  PGP Manual (files pgpdoc1.txt and
pgpdoc2.txt) and the file  pgformat.doc that describes the PGP  message,
signature and key  formats, including the  modifications for  PGP 2.6.1.
These are  being  made available  without  the distribution restrictions
that pertain to the PGP source and executable code.

@_date: 1995-08-23 20:57:45
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: PGPfone Release is coming soon! 
As you may have seen, the news media has picked up on the upcoming
PGPfone release. This note is to let you know that we at MIT are working
with Phil Zimmermann and the PGPfone team to distribute PGPfone from
MIT. We expect to have a *BETA* test version (Macintosh Only) of PGPfone
available shortly.
We will distribute PGPfone via anonymous FTP from net-dist.mit.edu. Look
in the /pub/PGPfone directory (which doesn't yet exist).
We will also be distributing PGP via the World Wide Web from:
                   This "Home" page already exists, but doens't have the distribution yet.
Feel free to check it periodically, as it will be changed as soon as the
distribution is ready.
                                -Jeff

@_date: 1995-08-25 13:27:39
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: PGPfone (BETA TEST) is released 
MIT is pleased  to announce that it is   now distributing the BETA  TEST
release of PGPfone.
"PGPfone  (Pretty Good Privacy Phone) is   a software package that turns
your desktop  or notebook computer  into  a  secure telephone.  It  uses
speech  compression and strong cryptography  protocols  to give you  the
ability to have a real-time secure telephone conversation."
The  Beta Test  is only  currently available  for people  with Macintosh
computers. A Windows 95 version is also in the works.
We are distributing PGPfone in the U.S. and Canada via anonymous FTP and
via the World Wide Web.
Anonymous FTP  users   should get  the  file  "/pub/PGPfone/README" from
net-dist.mit.edu. It provides instructions on how to download PGPfone.
Web Users should go to the PGPfone Home Page at:
                                                   -Jeff

@_date: 1995-07-29 12:09:05
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: MIT PGP distribution site accessible from Canada 
MIT PGP distribution site accessible from Canada
July 29, 1995
MIT is pleased to announce that, after consulting with the US State
Office of Defense Trade Controls, we have clarified procedures that
permit us to make our PGP distribution site accessible from Canada.
We would like to thank ODTC for helping us to make this possible.
People in Canada attempting to download PGP from MIT will be required
to assert that they are Canadian citizens and that they are obtaining
the software for end-use in Canada by Canadian citizens, or for return
to the United States.
You can obtain PGP via the World Wide Web at
        You can also obtain PGP via anonymous FTP to net-dist.mit.edu.
Connect to the directory pub/PGP and get and read the README

@_date: 1995-11-26 08:11:01
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: PGP Distribution Site at MIT *DOWN* 
The anonymous FTP server running on net-dist.mit.edu (which is also
bitsy.mit.edu) is currently down due to a failure of the disk drive
that hosts the files. We expect to replace the disk this afternoon
(Saturday) and begin restoral operational as soon as the new disk
is cabled up.
We apologize for the inconvenience and hope to have full service
restored shortly.
                                 -Jeff

@_date: 1995-11-26 08:17:42
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: MIT Distribution Site (FTP) for PGP and Other Products *DOWN* 
In article , jis at mit.edu
Service is now restored (on a new disk).
                                 -Jeff

@_date: 1995-09-03 00:34:34
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: ASN.1 and Kerberos version 5 
I'll say it. I was the person who pushed for the use of ASN.1 in Kerberos
version 5. I had this disease at the time that made me think that ASN.1 was
a good idea. I got better, unfortunately we have been living with the
results of my braino for quite some time now... poor Ted.
However, the problem with ASN.1 isn't its waste of space (which actually
isn't that bad for a mechanism for encoding arbitrary objects). The problem
is that it is the product of a standards making process that didn't (and
doesn't) value interoperability. Adherence to the ISO specifications does
not guarantee interoperation. Instead regional "workshops" negotiate
aspects of implementations to obtain interoperation.
What does this mean for ASN.1? It means that the definition of ASN.1 is a
bit abstract (as its name implies). Problems result when two organizations
(say MIT and OSF!) attempt to implement from the specification in ASN.1 but
use different ASN.1 compilers and things then don't work. Arguments then
ensue about whose compiler (or manually written parsing code) is "correct"
in terms of doing the right thing with ASN.1. This is particularly so when
using DER (for Distinquished Encoding Rules) which is itself an
after-thought added to ASN.1 later in the process. It is required in order
to verify digital signatures (which have to be computed on the "encoded"
form of an object because there is no good way to calculate a signature on
an "abstract" object).
If the Kerberos specification said: "pub this byte here and that one there"
none of these arguments and problems would happen.
                                -Jeff

@_date: 1995-09-17 23:34:08
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: Netscape SSL implementation cracked! 
Who cares what the timezone of the client is. Try searching around in all
24 timezones. The trick with predicting a random number generator isn't
that you have to get the exact key, you just have to narrow the search
space to something reasonable. A couple of minutes times 24 isn't that bad!
                                -Jeff

@_date: 1995-09-20 17:16:36
@_author: Jis@mit.edu 
@_subject: ASN.1 AND KERBEROS VERSION 5 
I'll say it. I was the person who pushed for the use of ASN.1 in Kerberos
version 5. I had this disease at the time that made me think that ASN.1 was
a good idea. I got better, unfortunately we have been living with the
results of my braino for quite some time now... poor Ted.
However, the problem with ASN.1 isn't its waste of space (which actually
isn't that bad for a mechanism for encoding arbitrary objects). The problem
is that it is the product of a standards making process that didn't (and
doesn't) value interoperability. Adherence to the ISO specifications does
not guarantee interoperation. Instead regional "workshops" negotiate
aspects of implementations to obtain interoperation.
What does this mean for ASN.1? It means that the definition of ASN.1 is a
bit abstract (as its name implies). Problems result when two organizations
(say MIT and OSF!) attempt to implement from the specification in ASN.1 but
use different ASN.1 compilers and things then don't work. Arguments then
ensue about whose compiler (or manually written parsing code) is "correct"
in terms of doing the right thing with ASN.1. This is particularly so when
using DER (for Distinquished Encoding Rules) which is itself an
after-thought added to ASN.1 later in the process. It is required in order
to verify digital signatures (which have to be computed on the "encoded"
form of an object because there is no good way to calculate a signature on
an "abstract" object).
If the Kerberos specification said: "pub this byte here and that one there"
none of these arguments and problems would happen.
                                -Jeff

@_date: 1996-04-21 13:44:32
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: PGP's +makerandom is broken (was: Re: Article on PGP flaws) 
On April 16, 1996 jf_avon at citenet.net said:
This is a bug in PGP. +makerandom doesn't work properly. I discovered
this a few week ago myself when I needed some random numbers for
another project. Due to a programming bug, the idea based random number
generator doesn't get initialized (read: doesn't get seeded at all)
when +makerandom is used. Note: +makerandom is an undocumented feature.
IMPORTANT: Only +makerandom is effected. In normal use PGP properly
generates random session keys as well as RSA public key pairs.
                                -Jeff

@_date: 1996-02-18 11:37:54
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: MIT Keyserver (at pgp@pgp.mit.edu) Mostly Operational 
(A copy of this message has also been posted to the following newsgroups:
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
The keyserver running at pgp at pgp.mit.edu is once again operational. It is
using new keyserver software. The old keyserver software was a collection
of perl scripts that invoked PGP to do its key management. The new server
is written in "C" and does its own key management, complete with appropriate
Not all email commands are implemented. However "GET", "ADD" and "INDEX" (when
given an argument to look for) do work. Response is immediate (plus or minus
e-mail delays).
The best on-line way to use the keyserver is via the World Wide Web at:
                                     -Jeff

@_date: 1996-02-26 05:52:22
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: Internet shutdown Feb 29? 
Yeah, from several of ISP's and others (including one un-named government
organization that wanted to FAX us the message, for security reasons,
didn't want to send it over the network).
Of course the message is Bogus... it wasn't even e-mailed from MIT (nor did
the author try to make it look so).
                                -Jeff

@_date: 1996-01-08 03:58:58
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: New PGPfone Beta Test Available (1.0b5) Still Mac only 
MIT is now distributing a new beta test version of PGPfone. This version
(1.0b5) is not compatible with the previous version (1.0b4) and may not
be compatible with the final 1.0 release.
This version supports Macintoshes with half-duplex hardware. It also
supports secure voice communication over the Internet (the "Internet"
button that had been grayed out in earlier versions is now active).
PGPfone is being distributed both via anonymous FTP and via the World
Wide Web (WWW). The WWW retrieval path is preferred because it is much
easier to use.
U.S. and Canadian FTP users should retrieve the file /pub/PGPfone/README
via anonymous FTP from net-dist.mit.edu. It explains how to obtain the
PGPfone release via FTP. Note: The old release is still located on the
FTP site. The new version is named "PGPfone10b5.sea.Hqx."
Web users should visit the PGPfone home page located at:
                 "
In addition to general information and information on getting PGPfone,
the home page also contains a link to the PGPfone HTML on-line manual.
The manual can also be found directly at:
             "
THE WINDOWS '95 VERSION IS EXPECTED TO BE AVAILABLE WITHIN THREE WEEKS.
However schedules can and do often change. Please DO NOT send me e-mail
requesting information on release scheduling.
I will also be releasing shortly the SOURCE CODE to this beta test
version. We (the PGPfone development team and myself) do not recommend
that people attempt to compile this source (unless you are a real
wizard). YOU SHOULD NOT ATTEMPT TO DO PGPFONE PORTS TO OTHER PLATFORMS
with this code. I say this because this is still a beta test version and
things are likely to still change significantly. If you port this source
code, you may be wasting your time! However I doubt that the basic
structure of the code will change, so you can get an idea of how it
works and how much effort a port would require.
NOTE: The FTP PGP/PGPfone distribution site has recently been updated
with a list of many more "known to be in the U.S. or Canada" domain
names. If you are a U.S. or Canadian user and you cannot get access to
the PGPfone distribution it is either because your domain name is not
known to us to be located in the U.S. or Canada *or* we could not
determine your host's domain name given its Internet address.
IF YOU CANNOT GET PGPFONE FROM US try to get it from somewhere else. I
cannot afford the time to e-mail people personal copies at this time. We
are working on alternative technology for the FTP/WWW distribution site
so that the number of bad denials (i.e., not letting people in the U.S.
or Canada get in) is reduced.
Bugs and Questions should be directed to pgpfone-bugs at mit.edu.
                                -Jeff

@_date: 1996-01-08 06:35:27
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: Why can't I get PGP from MIT 
Internexus.net has been added to the list. The heuristic that the MIT site
enforces is as follows:
o To get access you must properly answer some questions regarding export control
  law and licensing.
o Your host must have an "inverse" DNS mapping so we can learn its name.
o Your host's name must end in either ".EDU", ".COM", ".MIL", ".GOV", ".US",
  or ".CA".
  *or*
  Be on our exception list.
All the ".NET's" and ".ORG's" need to be "excepted."
Maintaining the exception list has turned out to be a serious problem. I
receive roughly 20 messages a day from people needed to be added. To make
matters worse the exception list has to be maintained in two different
locations in two different formats. I just broke down today and automated
the management of the lists.
Unfortunately the only thing I can do for people whose machines do not have
an inverse DNS mapping is to send them personal copies via e-mail. However,
I have been too swamped to do this.
I am looking into alternative approaches of guarding the FTP site (possibly
doing a traceroute or something similar) in a better way that still meets
the requirements of maintaining export restrictions.
Please remember that I maintain the MIT FTP site in my all too rare spare time.
Thank you.
                                -Jeff

@_date: 1996-03-18 08:12:13
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: MIT PGP Distribution Site Upgraded 
(A copy of this message has also been posted to the following newsgroups:
sci.crypt, alt.security.pgp)
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
New Software being used to distribute PGP via the World Wide Web from
Since last night (Saturday) we have been running new Web Server software
at  (the MIT PGP Homepage). This
software is specially coded to deal with the complications of running an
export controlled Web distribution site. The primary visible (to you)
feature of this new software is that the bureaucracy necessary to get
into the distribution site has been automated. When our old software
believed your host was not in the U.S. or Canada because it was unable
to "reverse resolve" your host's name you were out of luck. With this
new software you will be given a chance to enter your e-mail address. We
will then verify your e-mail address in real time and send you a special
password which will allow you access to the distribution site, even if
we couldn't let you in previously (this whole process happens
automatically and doesn't wait for me to manually do anything!!!).
IF YOU PREVIOUSLY SENT ME MAIL ASKING THAT I ADD YOUR SITE (particularly
if I haven't responded, which is likely given the large number of
requests I receive a day) YOU SHOULD TRY OUR WEB SITE NOW.
Note: This software is still a little green and may be down from time to
time while I install new versions (or if it crashes hard while I am
sleeping or in meetings). There are known problems mostly dealing with
older browsers which do "interesting" things. If you cannot get past the
PGP access form page, keep trying (after a day or so). I will be
monitoring the debugging logs and fixing things as I notice problems.
AOL users cannot yet get through (I am working on this tonight, but I
don't know if I'll figure out what is going on before I have to call it
a night).
Please do *not* send me e-mail yet reporting problems (the debugging
logs will tell me a lot) unless you believe the problem you are seeing
is particularly "interesting." Once the code is more stable I will send
another message indicating that I think things are stable, *then* you
can complain to me when things don't work because I will be removing the
debugging code after it is stable.
Also Note: We are only using this new software for PGP at the moment
*NOT* PGPfone. However our plan is to convert the PGPfone distribution
site to this new software as well.
Btw. Phil informs me that the next PGPfone beta test, for both the
Macintosh and (finally) Windows '95 should be ready any day. Some of you
have heard this story before... but maybe this time...
When this next release of PGPfone is made available, the new
distribution system will be in effect.
Technical details (for those who care, the rest of you can skip this):
The new distribution system is a stand alone program which you talk to
after "posting" the PGP access form. This program is a complete Web
server in and of itself. It runs in one process, multiplexing up to 50
connections simultaneously (this makes it fast because it doesn't have
to fork processes, something UNIX isn't particularly good about). It is
written in C++ (compiled under G++) and is currently hosted on a SGI
Indy workstations (175Mhz processor with 100 Megabytes of RAM), though
it may move to a different server soon.
And yes, I will be making it publicly available after I have it better
                                -Jeff

@_date: 1996-03-23 06:55:35
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: New Beta Test of PGPfone available WINDOWS '95 Included! 
(A copy of this message has also been posted to the following newsgroups:
alt.security.pgp, sci.crypt)
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
We have finally released a Windows '95 version of PGPfone. This release
includes PGPfone for Macintosh version 1.0b6 and PGPfone for Windows '95
version 1.0b1. Note: The Macintosh version does not talk to earlier versions.
However the Macintosh and Windows version talk to each other!
Connections can be either via modem or the Internet.
Note: This code is beta test code. Future changes may continue to be
incompatible with these versions.
Also Note: We are now only distribution PGPfone via the World Wide Web, we
have shutdown the PGPfone FTP site. To get PGPfone over the Web, go to
the PGPfone home page at:
        WE CAN ONLY DISTRIBUTE PGPFONE TO U.S. PERSONS AND CANADIAN CITIZENS.
                                  -Jeff

@_date: 1996-03-24 23:52:40
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: New Beta Test of PGPfone available WINDOWS '95 Included! 
(A copy of this message has also been posted to the following newsgroups:
alt.security.pgp, sci.crypt)
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
I have received reports that some people are getting only partial files
when downloading PGP and PGPfone with our new distribution server. This
problem is caused by higher then normal packet loss on the Internet.
Some browsers (notably the AOL browser) give up when they fail to
receive any more data for a period of time (caused by high losses or
other conditions that block our server).
For now people should continue to attempt to download PGPfone and PGP
until they get a good copy. Trying late at or on weekends when the net
load is lower may help.
I am working on a "fix" where our server will let the browser know up
front (there is a way to do that with http) how large an item to expect.
This hopefully will improve the situation, if not complete fix it.
However this change will not be installed until at least Tuesday. So if
you can wait, you might want to wait until Tuesday if you are having
difficulties getting a complete distribution from MIT.
Note: I will send out another message when this fix is in place.
                                -Jeff

@_date: 1997-06-17 02:44:10
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: [ANNOUNCE] PGP 5.0 Freeware is available from MIT 
I am pleased to announce the availability of PGP 5.0 Freeware from the
MIT Web Site. PGP 5.0 Freeware is available for non-commercial use under
license from MIT, PGP Inc. It uses the RSAREF toolkit licensed from RSA
Data Security.
This new version is a long awaited major upgrade and improvement to PGP
2.6.2. It has a native Windows '95, Windows NT and Macintosh interface.
It supports additional ciphers, as well as new key types and message
formats. Internally it is much improved as well.
This release marks a major transition to a new public key infrastructure
based on the Diffie-Hellman (DH) public key algorithm for privacy and
the Digital Signature Standard (DSS) for digital signatures. The RSA
algorithm is still supported and this version will work with the old RSA
keys you may already have. However all new keys generated by this
version will be DH/DSS keys. Many of the internal performance
improvements are only available when used exclusively with DH/DSS keys
(this is because using RSA keys requires PGP 5.0 to be backward
compatible with PGP 2.6.2 which requires PGP 5.0 to use less efficient
message formats).
This version also includes automated keyserver support. It can
automatically fetch PGP keys from the MIT keyserver (and other
keyservers) as well as offer to upload any newly created keys.
It also comes with plug-ins for Eudora and other major mail utilities.
At the moment it is only available for Windows '95, NT and MacOS. A Unix
(Linux) version is in the works but isn't ready yet, but we hope to have
it ready within a week or two.
Source code for this version was distributed at last weekend's
cypherpunks meeting in hard copy form. Source will eventually be made
available electronically, but isn't ready yet.
You can find the Freeware PGP at either the PGP Home Page at:
  or directly at:
  Note: We anticipate a significant amount of traffic while people
throughout the U.S. and Canada download PGP. Please be patient with the
server (and with us)!

@_date: 2000-09-15 20:59:02
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Canada outlaws anonymous remailers (was Re: GigaLaw.com DailyNews,  
References:  I believe there is a difference between knowing who an "anonymous"
e-mailer is and wanting to avoid disclosing such information... and
operating a service where finding out is not possible (at least without
invasive means).
Its the old story, you cannot be subpoenaed to reveal information that
you simply do not have. Whether or not you are permitted to operate a
system so structured is another matter.
                -Jeff

@_date: 2002-06-22 14:40:00
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: DOJ proposes US data-rentention law. 
References: <200206210705.DAA04955 <005c01c2196e$770b6e50$206694d1
Of course the anti-spam people are telling ISP's to block port 25 and
require end-users to forward their e-mail through the ISP owned mail
I've always had the fear that in the clammer to get rid of spam we
would wind up building a centralized mail routing system, the spy's

@_date: 2003-06-11 16:10:21
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: The real problem that https has conspicuously failed to fix 
Folks, this isn't an https (or even http) problem. It is a tough user interface issue. Note: The form posting goes to  which doesn't remotely look like paypal.com!
To make matters worse, there are plenty of businesses that send you leg imitate email that comes from a "random" looking place. Just today I received one from MIT's Alumni Association, but the actual source was something like m0.email-foobar.com (or something). Obviously the Alumni Association outsources the sending of the mail to some third party company. So even if we came up with some fancy was of saying "This form doesn't post to the same place this page came from [never mind that the original of an e-mail form is ill defined]" won't help.
I also received this scam mail. There were only two hints of badness (besides the obvious request for personal info that paypal shouldn't need) one was the form posting and the other was the "Received-by" line which my mail system put on the message which showed its original at a suspicious place (I believe in Japan, but I may have remembered wrong, it didn't look right at the time).
This is a social problem. Technical measures can help, but won't solve it, I am afraid.

@_date: 2013-09-07 10:05:22
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Why prefer symmetric crypto over public key crypto? 
Hash: SHA1
Dont be. There is no magic there. From what I can tell, there are two
different issues with public key.
1. Weaknesses in the math.
2. Fragility in use.
The NSA (or other national actors) may well have found a mathematical
weakness in any of the public key ciphers (frankly they may have found
a weakness in symmetric ciphers as well). Frankly, we just dont know
here. Do we trust RSA more then Diffie-Hellman or any of the Elliptic
Curve techniques? Who knows. We can make our keys bigger and hope for
the best.
As for fragility. Generating random numbers is *hard*, particularly on
a day to day basis. When you generate a keypair with GPG/PGP it
prompts you to type in random keystrokes and move the mouse etc., all
in an attempt to gather as much entropy as possible. This is a pain,
but it makes sense for one-lived keys. People would not put up with
this if you had to do this for each session key. Fragile public key
systems (such as Elgamal and all of the variants of DSA) require
randomness at signature time. The consequence for failure is
catastrophic. Most systems need session keys, but the consequence for
failure in session key generation is the compromise of the
message. The consequence for failure in signature generation in a
fragile public key system is compromise of the long term key!
I wrote about this in NDSS 1991.... I cannot find an on-line reference
to it though.
Then if you are a software developer, you have the harder problem of
not being able to control the environment your software will run on,
particularly as it applies to the availability of entropy.
So my advice.
Use RSA, choose a key as long as your paranoia. Like all systems, you
will need entropy to generate keys, but you wont need entropy to use
it for encryption or for signatures.
- -Jeff
Jeffrey I. Schiller
Information Services and Technology
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
77 Massachusetts Avenue  Room E17-110A, 32-392
Cambridge, MA 02139-4307
617.910.0259 - Voice
jis at mit.edu
The cryptography mailing list
cryptography at metzdowd.com

@_date: 2013-09-07 10:20:52
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Protecting Private Keys 
Hash: SHA1
While we worry about symmetric vs. public key ciphers, we should not
forget the risk of compromise of our long-term keys. How are they
One of the most obvious ways to compromise a cryptographic system is
to get the keys. This is a particular risk in TLS/SSL when PFS is not
used. Consider a large scale site (read: Google, Facebook, etc.) that
uses SSL. The private keys of the relevant certificates needs to be
literally on hundreds if not thousands of systems. Chances are they
are not encrypted on those systems so those systems can auto-restart
without human intervention. Those systems also break
periodically. What happens to the broken pieces, say a broken hard
If one of these private keys is compromised, all pre-recorded traffic
can now be decrypted, as long as PFS was not used (and as we know, it
is rarely used).
Encrypted email is also at great risk because we have no PFS in any of
these systems. Our private keys tend to last a long time (just look at
the age of my private key!).
If I was the NSA, I would be scavenging broken hardware from
interesting venues and purchasing computers for sale in interesting
locations. I would be particularly interested in stolen computers, as
they have likely not been wiped.
The bottom line here is that the NSA has upped the game (and probably
did so quite a while ago, but we are just learning about it now). This
means that commercial organizations that truly want to protect their
customers from the NSA, and other national actors whom I am sure are
just as skilled and probably more brazen, need to up their game, by a
- -Jeff
P.S. I am very careful about which devices my private key touches and
what happens to it when I am through with it.
The cryptography mailing list
cryptography at metzdowd.com

@_date: 2013-09-07 19:52:44
@_author: Jeffrey I. Schiller 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
Hash: SHA1
Im sorry, but I cannot let this go unchallenged. I was there, I saw
it. For those who dont know, I was the IESG Security Area Director
from 1994 - 2003. (by myself until 1998 after which we had two co-ADs
in the Security Area). During this timeframe we formed the TLS working
group, the PGP working group and IPv6 became a Draft Standard. Scott
Bradner and I decided that security should be mandatory in IPv6, in
the hope that we could drive more adoption.
The IETF was (and probably still is) a bunch of hard working
individuals who strive to create useful technology for the
Internet. In particular IETF contributors are in theory individual
contributors and not representatives of their employers. Of course
this is the theory and practice is a bit noisier but the bulk of
participant I worked with were honest hard working individuals.
Security fails on the Internet for three important reasons, that have
nothing to do with the IETF or the technology per-se (except for point
 1.  There is little market for the good stuff. When people see that
     they have to provide a password to login, they figure they are
     safe... In general the consuming public cannot tell the
     difference between good stuff and snake oil. So when presented
     with a $100 good solution or a $10 bunch of snake oil, guess
     what gets bought.
 2.  Security is *hard*, it is a negative deliverable. You do not know
     when you have it, you only know when you have lost it (via
     compromise). It is therefore hard to show return on investment
     with security. It is hard to assign a value to something not
     happening.
 2a. Most people dont really care until they have been personally
     bitten. A lot of people only purchase a burglar alarm after they
     have been burglarized. Although people are more security aware
     today, that is a relatively recent development.
 3.  As engineers we have totally and completely failed to deliver
     products that people can use. I point out e-mail encryption as a
     key example. With todays solutions you need to understand PK and
     PKI at some level in order to use it. That is likely requiring a
     driver to understand the internal combustion engine before they
     can drive their car. The real world doesnt work that way.
No government conspiracy required. We have seen the enemy and it is...
                        -Jeff
Jeffrey I. Schiller
Information Services and Technology
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
77 Massachusetts Avenue  Room E17-110A, 32-392
Cambridge, MA 02139-4307
617.910.0259 - Voice
jis at mit.edu
The cryptography mailing list
cryptography at metzdowd.com
