
@_date: 2001-08-07 18:04:17
@_author: Joey DePaolo 
@_subject: The Electromagnetic Bomb  
E-Bombs generate electromagnatic pulse which destroys any and all electric current running in any particular area it is detonated in. E-Bombs are a national threat and are being sold on the black market for $400 to terrorists. For the place that is being hit, it wipes out all electricity and is said to destroy all of the technological advances within the past 200 years. Basically they generate a large magnetic pulse (with a large coil of wire) which has a lot of current running through it. Then the chemical inside explodes touching the coil of wire causing it to be a moving short circut. When it hits, all current running through any metal or electricity-using object is destroyed. Terrorists in the middle east along with Iraq have been said to be researching this bomb for several years and have become a large threat to the United States. I hope that answers your question

@_date: 2001-08-07 18:32:40
@_author: Joey DePaolo 
@_subject: The electromagnetic Bomb 
Electromagnetic bombs, or E-Bombs are a large threat to the United States as well as other countries. E-Bombs do exist and do cause catastrophic destruction. What they do is wipe out all electricity in the target area. They are just like a normal bomb, except they have a large coil of wire surrounding the explosive chemicals. Then there are generators that produce a large electromagnetic pulse. When the chemicals detonate, they explode outward touching the coil of wire which has current running through it. This causes a moving short circut. With the moving short circut and the magnetic pulse, the consequence is a lightening bult of electomagnetic pulse which sends waves of pulses that destroy all electric current running in any and all metal or electronic object. The result is a civilization which has lost all use for the technology it has had for 200 years. This has distressed the pentagon. The United States has taken many precautions to ensure the safety including equiping its bombers with the E-Bomb. Another fact that guarantees a threat of the E-Bomb is that the bomb is being sold on the black market to terrorists for $400. The E-Bomb demonstrates a new era of world terrorism and wars. And the reality is that no protection is possible for the E-Bomb at the current time. And any terrorist could attack at any time. Saddam is known to be researching this bomb and putting billions of dollars into it. I hope i answered your question -Mike
