
@_date: 1994-11-20 01:55:37
@_author: jkh at story.com 
@_subject: Karl Hess- L.A. Area 
"Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice, and let me remind you, moderation in the pursuit of justice is no virtue."
 -- Karl Hess
Meeting in Pasadena (near Los Angeles) CALIFORNIA U-S-A-
Nobody is leaving town because of the meeting this time 8^)
              The following text was written by SEK3:
              ---   K A R L   H E S S   C L U B   ---
                 REVOLUTION, REACTION or BETRAYAL?
               A Special 3-Part Post Election Series
1. Monday, November 21, 1994
You are invited to attend our Sixth Meeting,
TRIUMPH OF THE PALEOS?
   Three speakers were invited tonight. The spokesperson for the Paleoconservatives, Mr. Steven Piper, who publicly agreed last meeting to attend and present his position, decided otherwise after election nigbt.
   Meanwhile, the former spokesperson for the anti-voting Movement of the Libertarian Left who debated Ted Brown, spokespersons for the Dana Rohrbacher candidacy, and Loy Lefevre, also declined to    What does it all mean? Has the Centrist "Libertarian" Party (LP) strategy won by default? Does that strategy win anything?
   Should libertarians not only embrace voting, but for Republicans, following Rothbard/Rockwell Paleolibs into joining the Paleocons behind a Buchanan-run RP? Or have the Paleos already pulled up the drawbridge behind them?
   Or should we assume the Right has decisively won -- and all join the tattered remnants of the New Left, the new coffee-house anarchists, and the non-socialist Left in a last-ditch, die-hard defense of what freedoms we can salvage?
   Or...tonight long-time LP activist, holder of many party offices, and articulate former editor of the LP's newspaper, Ted Brown, recently defeated candidate for California Insurance Commissioner and, incidently, one of the LP's biggest vote getters, presents the case for The Party.
   At the last minute, Tom Dominy, defeated candidate in a Republican primary for Congress, former LP activist, agreed to appear on behalf of the Republican Option.
DINNER at MARIE CALLENDER'S in Pasadena
7 p.m. $13 prix fixe with the following entree choices:
 * Chicken Broccoli Fettucine  * Country Fried Steak  * Pot Roast
 -- includes beverage, tax and tip. For only $2 more, piece of MC's famous pie becomes included!
210 Fwy to Rosemead Bl. South to Foothill Bl. Right to MC's on Foothill (between Sierra Madre and Walnut). Or Colorado Blvd to Sierra Madre, north to Foothill, left to MC's.
PROGRAM  8 p.m. Announcements
 * 8:15 Featured speakers (see column left)
 * Questions and Answers (moderated by the speaker)
 * Special Series Opening and Closing by SEK3
 * Official Meeting Close at 10 p.m. After-meeting until...
2. Monday, December 19, 1994
ANARCHIST ALTERNATIVES
...and alternative anarchists. Agorists, Discordians, anarcho-
syndicalists and punks -- cypher and rock. Does "dropping out" of the hopeless aboveground political system mean less activism -- or more? Is it time to move from the back-room to the coffeehouse? - From the conference committee room to the Usenet? Does feminism mean sharing the same oppression experienced by most males? Does voting for socialism mean bureaucratic capitalism and does voting for free enterprise mean profit...for bureaucrats?
   Did you vote for change last month...and get betrayed already? Are you ready to get angry...or get even? Or just get something done! If so, come and hear our panel of real alternatives: from (De)center, IWW, and the new improved and revitalized Movement of the Libertarian Left. Find out what's already going on all around    At Hasmik's in Cheviot Hills (West L.A.). Make sure you are on our mailing list to get the postcard giving you the details!
   Call (310) 289-4126 or send your mail drop to KHC c/o AI, 291 S. La Cienega Blvd.,  Beverly Hills, CA 90211.
(Or e-mail to jkh at story.com) - JKH
3. Monday, January 16, 1994 (I think he meant 1995, unless Dr. Who's Tardis is available) - JKH
"THE NIGHT OF JANUARY 16TH"
What have the Objectivists been up to since the death of Ayn Rand? Successors, institutes, new associations...some of whom are actually eager to dialog with libertarians and others. Have they something new for us to consider? Should we go back to our philosophical roots first before wasting more time on inherently impossible solutions? Is A still A? On this most special night for objectivists, come and find out.

@_date: 1994-11-21 02:25:11
@_author: jkh at story.com 
@_subject: 900 privacy ad op 
9 0 0 - P R I V A C Y   A D   O P P O R T U N I T Y
       ---------------------------------------------------
Cypherpunks: Agree to buy advertising for my 900-number privacy information service, and make money from your exclusive territory.
The actual number can't be 1-900-PRIVACY. That'd be too cool. We are checking the availability of appropriate names. Maybe SECRETS, CONFIDE, or some other 7-letter word will be open.
Some have suggested that a 900 number dispense digital money, but critics complained about cost and lack of privacy. The call information is recorded by the phone company for billing, a separate 900# service bureau processes up to thousands of simultaneous calls. They take their cut so value is lost.
The use of blind signatures, to insure privacy, will require that each end-user have a trusted computer. Computers will also be needed for encrypted remailers to thwart tracing. Despite convenient telco billing, the Internet (or equivalent) wins.
I don't see any reason why cypherpunks can't use a 900 number in the traditional way -- to sell information via audiotext. We could tell people how to fight new threats to their privacy. And make money for other projects, like this month's rent, as we do it.
"Dial An Insult" is a 900 number advertised with the slogan "Be Amused While Being Abused," illustrated by a silhouetted dominatrix with her mouth open. After the national ads are paid, the net profit on the 10,000 calls EACH DAY is $8,000. The doctor who runs this vital audiotext service has a full time medical practice. The service bureau handles an average of 416 calls each hour automatically. Yet the chances are slim you've even heard of it, unless you're a "be your own boss" seminar junkie or you watch late night infomercials.
My own research at the library shows many 900 services beyond the
"Psychic Friends" and "talk to a real girl" lines. Community papers give classified date ads away, but to contact someone you have to call their 900 number. Big city papers, radio, and TV networks are running opinion polls and celebrity messages. That's why they don't
slam them very hard -- they're making money with 'em.
Technical support is available from software companies like Button Ware on 900 numbers. The Pope records messages with proceeds going to the Catholic Church. The Better Business Bureau runs 900 lines for reports in some states. Millions call time-sensitive 900 weather information lines at $0.95/min., despite free sources.
Unfortunately, government agencies are getting smart and using 900 numbers. A former expense is becoming a new source of funding. Our friends at the IRS answered only 21% of calls made last year. An enterprising individual runs a tax tip 900 number with the same information put out by the IRS to exploit the situation.
The content of my service will be, as stated above, how to defend your privacy against new threats. "Cypherpunks write scripts." I'm willing to sign joint-venture contracts with authors for parts of my nationwide percentage. But there are many restrictions. Send e-
mail to jkh at story.com for the Bozo no-nos. This service will cover 1-New Threats and Tactics, 2-Lifestyle Risks, 3-Physical Security, 4-Data Security, and 5-Communications Security. You'll notice I avoid the words "financial," "credit," "cash," and "money" -- those restrictions I mentioned (MCI is gun shy about past ripoffs). But don't worry, I'll sneak that information across somehow.
Lon Weber, an active Arizona Libertarian, e-mail: freedom4 at aol.com, managed to buy a few 900 numbers, and was looking for ideas. I had this idea for a privacy 900 line and was looking for someone to fund it. Natural partners, eh? To pay for advertising, I proposed the following arrangement, and Lon agreed: Advertisers can request exclusive territories, by state. After the telco and service bureau take their cut for a call (will send breakdown of charges if you are interested), divide the money as follows: 1/3 to Lon, 1/3 to the scriptwriters, and 1/3 to the advertiser. Calls made in a state will be credited to that advertiser.
The price of this service will be $1.95 per minute, maximum 12 minutes. A $1.95-per-minute call will have just over $1.00 per minute available to split the next month, and a reserve held against chargebacks will be released by MCI later.
The industry average call duration is 4 minutes, your mileage may vary. The maximum charge allowed by MCI is $5/minute or $25 total. One call per hour statewide, times 4 minutes at $1.00 available, times 24 hours each day, times 30 days gives a ballpark $2,880. Divide by 3 and your cut as an advertiser is $960 for the month. Divide the 416 nationwide calls per hour to "Dial An Insult" by 50 states and you get over 8 calls per hour per state. Instead of $960, at that volume, your cut would be $7,680. That wouldn't be a bad return for paying $200-$300 to a media broker for statewide community newspaper ads. And nobody will stop you from getting more ambitious with radio, cable shows, etc.
We don't expect you to send us money, but we must insist on evidence that you are really advertising to some minimal standard. That's only fair to someone else who may want your territory. The FCC and other TLA's require certain disclosures on the advertising.
Lon is looking for other 900 service ideas, too. Feel free to send him e-mail at freedom4 at aol.com. Interested? RSVP:
Kent - jkh at story.com
