
@_date: 1996-04-13 17:14:17
@_author: Jon Leonard 
@_subject: questions about bits and bytes [NOISE] 
Jonathan Wienke wrote to Cypherpunks:
The most recent use of a non-8-bit byte I can find is from 1994 (no typo,
2 years ago).  It's a spec for a RAM cell in ASIC design, and the usage is more or less "smallest individually writable memory unit".  By design,
bits must be written in chunks (bytes!), which in this case are 22 bits.
As much as I'd like byte to be a standard, unambiguous 8-bits, there's
still other uses out ther, which is why even recent RFCs specify
octets instead of bytes.
That said, I agree that older CS references aren't a reliable indicator
of modern usage.
Jon Leonard

@_date: 1996-04-14 12:00:41
@_author: Jon Leonard 
@_subject: Bank transactions on Internet 
I thought Perry Metzger's short answer (roughly "yes, but the software
can be tricky") adequate, but as a hardware type I can give some more
insight into the economics.  While my experience is with gate array ASICs
rather than field programmable chips, I have some idea.
My short answer:  Yes, it's that cheap, but only if you already work
with the chip vendor and have the software tools to program the chips.
If not, expect to spend many thousands of dollars buying engineering
expertise and software.
There's a lot of different ways to make chips for a custom application,
which vary in unit cost, startup cost, engineering effort, and production
Some points in the range:  (costs are probably off a bit)
type			startup cost	program		design tool
full custom		$1000000	at design time	schematic editors
ASIC			$100000		at design time	gate synthesis
FPGA			$0		once		vendor's tools
reprogrammable FPGA	$0		dynamically	vendor's tools
DSP chip		$0		easily		compiler
General purpose CPU	$0		very easily	compiler
Anyone who knows these better is welcome to correct me, of course.
I've neglected software costs from this, which are significant.  Chip
synthesis tools are often more expensive than the workstations they run on.
Also, in most cases some of the necesary tools are only available from the
company that sells the chips.  They tend to insist on nondisclosure
agreements and software licenses, which makes anonymous production tricky.
More design effort will give better price/performance.  The appeal of the
Orca and similar chips is that they can be reprogrammed, but still have the
inherent parallelism of gates in silicon.
I expect that in 5 or 10 years, PC's will come with reprogrammable logic
chips and software that takes advantage of it.  At present it really
takes a trained engineer to use these things.  That's just enough difficulty
that people might feel secure, without actually being secure at all.
Jon Leonard

@_date: 1996-04-19 03:50:45
@_author: Jon Leonard 
@_subject: Spaces in passwords 
The exception to this is when you may be overheard typing a password.
The space bar sounds different, and an attacker who knows you've used
a space has a significantly smaller search space.
So I usually recommend avoiding space,   and control characters
when generating passwords.  Have I missed any or gotten too many?  Jon Leonard

@_date: 1996-04-19 13:00:07
@_author: Jon Leonard 
@_subject: Spaces in passwords 
Space sounds different, # is sometimes backspace, @ is sometimes kill-line,
and control characters often do strange things.  Those are the only characters
I avoid, though.
For example, if you're using a teletype to change your password on a UNIX
system (or it _thinks_ you _might_ be using one), and use a password of
"O&]z at d you've just set your password to "4".  Control characters are
worse: ^S to lock your terminal, ^D to disconnect -- no fun.
It's hard.  I'd really rather have longer pass{words,phrases} so that there's
the potential for lots of entropy without requiring line-noise for passwords.
Jon Leonard

@_date: 1996-04-20 07:12:23
@_author: Jon Leonard 
@_subject: why compression doesn't perfectly even out entropy 
Perry's right: giving up any statistical information is too much.
A slightly contrived example of why tossing out duplicated bytes is bad:
Suppose that a military organization is using this almost one-time-pad
system, and my spies tell my they've fallen into the habit of sending
"attack" and "defend" as their only 6-byte messages.  This isn't a problem
with a real one-time pad (except for traffic analysis...), but this lets
me determine the message 3.8% of the time!
For example, if I see:
0xfce8e8c7f4f7 (cyphertext I see)
which was generated by:
  d e f e n d  (message)
0x646566656e64 (message in hex)
0x988d8ea29a93 (pad)
Then I know that I'm not going to be attacked.  Attack couldn't have had
the e8e8, because they threw out those pads.
That's plenty big to be a problem.
Jon Leonard

@_date: 1996-04-24 10:34:14
@_author: Jon Leonard 
@_subject: Betting and reputations  Was: Re: Jim Bell, Apology to list.  Was: [Yadda Yadda Yadda] 
It's an interesting vindication of the nym reputation model that no one
has questioned the meaning of Black Unicorn offering to bet $50,000, even
though (to the best of my knowlege) this is only backed by his writings,
not any sort of ecash account or reference to a True Name.
I noticed this in my reaction to seeing the $50,000 figure, and wondering
first about financial resources, and only then about the fact that there
really isn't any way to force payment by a nym.  Black Unicorn's writings
are convincing evidence that he'd pay a gambling debt.  (Not that I think
he'd lose this bet, but that's a separate issue.)
The other thing I noticed is that reputation capital isn't a simple economic
 I have to disagree about the effect on Black Unicorn's reputation capital.
My opinion of his legal skills and probable economic behavior are not
diminished by his argument with Jim Bell.  I have decided that he is more
likely to rant than I had previously thought, though.
The underlying model for reputation capital seems to be economics, but some
amount of psychology or economic anthropology is probably more appropriate.
We develop mental models of the behavior of others based on their actions.
Often more detail is required than the monetary amount required to make
someone untrustworthy.
The relevant question seems to be "Is this worth reading", judged on the
basis of prior writing.  My answer of "Yes, but if it's about Jim Bell,
then only maybe" can't be modeled as a single number.
Jon Leonard

@_date: 1996-08-28 05:40:35
@_author: Jon Leonard 
@_subject: MUD anyone? 
I've been planning to run a MUD like that, at mud.umop-ap.com port 2121.
I just don't have enough coded to be worth announcing yet.
Which cryptographic primitives should be coded in initially?
Obvious choices are:
Anonymous digital cash (issued by any pseudonym, not just "banks")
Public and private keys
Secret sharing
Anonymous broadcast & message pools
Anonymous markets
(ref: Tim May's sig)
What am I missing?  Should there be direct support for Jim Bell's
assasination markets?  It'd provide a means of demonstrating its
ineffectiveness as a means of social control.
I think that for purposes of simulation, it's reasonable to model
cryptographic primitives in a "Trust the server" mode, because you
need to trust the MUD server anyway (unlike a government), and it
puts a much lower load on the CPU.
There's also the question of log policy.  Having run a MUD for a few
years, I want to keep logs for bug detection.  A declared policy that
they aren't released for n years would work though.  Opinions, anyone?
Sent to Cypherpunks as well, in case anyone else is interested.
Jon Leonard

@_date: 1996-08-31 03:56:14
@_author: Jon Leonard 
@_subject: MUD anyone? 
["Crypto Anarchy Game." value and difficulties stuff snipped]
I don't think it's quite that hard, so I tried to implement asymetric key
20 minutes, to write and debug:
(d encrypt (l (message key)
              (l (n) (if (= key n) message))))
(d makekey (l () (d dkey ())
                 (l (n) (if (!= dkey ()) (encrypt n dkey)
                                         (set dkey n)))))
(d keypair (l () (d a (makekey)) (d b (makekey)) (a b) (b a) (list a b)))
(d keys (keypair))
(d p "Squeamish Ossifrage")
(d c ((car keys) p))
(c (cadr keys))
"Squeamish Ossifrage"
(c (car keys))
It relies on a few features of my MUD language, namely that functions
are opaque datatypes, and that any two calls to l (short for lambda)
return objects distinct to !=.
It is a big project, but the big part is writing the MUD, not adding the
crypto-anarchy stuff to it.  I'm writing a MUD anyway, and have been off
and on for over a year.  Mark Grant's message made me think about what it
would take to add the features I wasn't already planning on.
I'm still interested in ideas as to what primitives I should fake.
After I think about it more, I realize that a MUD simulation can't show
that something like "assassination politics" wouldn't work.  At best it
can show that it does or doesn't work in that particular environment,
leaving open the question of what key difference between MUD and reality
might change the result.  Still, it would be interesting to see how it
worked, or why it didn't.
I apologize for my earlier comment that presupposed that it would fail.
Jon Leonard

@_date: 1996-08-31 18:35:17
@_author: Jon Leonard 
@_subject: MUD anyone? 
[difficulty of coding crypto, even for a MUD]
Thanks for the list of useful protocols to consider.  I'll wind up
getting the rest from Applied Cryptography and your Cyphernomicon if
I don't get any more input.
Some of these are fairly easy to fake, though.  Fair coin tosses, for
Assume a perfectly trustworthy escrow agent.  (A bad assumption in
real life, but workable on a MUD, where it's the server.)
Tell the agent to wait until all parties have contributed a bit,
and then announce the XOR of the bits.  As long as an individual
has picked a bit randomly, and given it to the escrow agent securely,
the result is random.
That doesn't answer the questions of integration into a game, or how
make a crypto anarchy out of it.  I'll just have to try things and
see what works.
My code doesn't do nearly as much as you seem to think it does.
All of its "security" relies on a mutually trusted interpreter, which
isn't a bad assumption on a MUD.  I'm cheating on the cryptography,
but I think I can get away with it for the purposes of a game.
And, of course, I didn't comment it, document it, or integrate it into
the rest of the game.
Even if it's more than that much harder, it's still worth doing.  I'll
see how long it takes, but I'll try for robustness instead of coding
"True Names" is a better fit than SimCity for what I'm imagining.  In
the absence of any better ideas, it'll borrow a lot from LPmud too.
I've considered a game-run anonymous market, with bid and asked prices
akin to the stock market equivalents.  Characters would have the money
(or whatever) unavailable until the bid or ask was withdrawn, and clearing
would be automatic in case of a match.
It's more appealing if the market is magically provided by a wizard of
some reputation, but game-run is simpler to start with.
Jon Leonard

@_date: 1996-07-28 08:16:17
@_author: Jon Leonard 
@_subject: Game Theory and its Relevance to Cypherpunks 
This was, of course, the logic behind the alliances before World War I.
It was obviously suicidal to start a war with any of the major powers,
but it happened anyway.
Game theory is the proper tool to analyze this sort of scenario, but the
tendency for non-ideal behavior has to be factored in.  Brinksmanship
is another aspect of game theory, too...
Jon Leonard

@_date: 1996-05-06 10:59:08
@_author: Jon Leonard 
@_subject: CryptoAnarchy: What's wrong with this picture? 
[snip] Obviously we should send Sandy $1000 whether or not we follow the
other steps, in order to defeat traffic analysis.
Jon Leonard

@_date: 1996-05-07 13:56:13
@_author: Jon Leonard 
@_subject: Why I Pay Too Much in Taxes 
Things are sufficiently different that such a comparison might not be
meaningful anyway.  For example, subtracting subsistence level food, and then
figuring tax rates would give a different answer. The amount of work it takes to provide basic needs now is clearly
very low by historical standards.  Government is big by historical standards.
I'll object to only one of those.
Jon Leonard

@_date: 1996-11-08 13:50:47
@_author: Jon Leonard 
@_subject: WebTV a "munition" 
[Stuff about WebTv/crypto/export problems]
I'm not sure they're doing either.  When I talked to my friends at WebTv,
I got the impression that they thought a functional browser needed to have
support for electronic commerce.  This electronic commerce needs crypto,
and if you're going to do crypto right, it has to be strong crypto.
Given that they've tried to do everything else right (and, in my opinion,
succeeded), that may be all there is to it.
I'll ask for more details next time I talk to them.
Jon Leonard

@_date: 1996-11-09 13:57:16
@_author: Jon Leonard 
@_subject: WebTV a "munition" 
[more stuff about WebTv/crypto/export problems trimmed]
I'm not sure that it would be good PR for the general public.  That's their
target market, after all.  If you've got a computer, you probably don't need
a WebTv for websurfing.
One of my friends at WebTv called, and I asked him about it.
What I got from him was:
1) They wanted to do it right.  (And electronic commerce needs strong crypto)
2) They wanted to be stronger than Netscape's default.  (Triple-DES, I think)
3) They didn't necessarily expect this to be a problem.
4) They expect to win the export control fight.
He seemed almost gleeful that they'd be classified as a munition.
I was suprised that he knew the issue and had an opinion, as he isn't
particularly crypto-aware usually.  I'd guess that it's a big deal
at WebTv.
Keep in mind that this is only one employee, and non-management at that.
It sounded like they might be vulnerable to a government deal, and
were mostly relying on the implausibility of export controlling WebTv
helping national security in any detectable way.
It seems to me that this has the potential to be a cypherpunk victory.
There's the potential for their market (and publicity) to be even wider
than Netscape's, and for the export controls to look even sillier.
Any ideas for helping their export case, or avoiding them making a deal?
That seems to be the new advertising style in high tech.  Unfortunate.
Jon Leonard

@_date: 1996-09-08 13:32:21
@_author: Jon Leonard 
@_subject: MUD anyone? 
I've written the server from scratch, and don't have much of a mudlib at
this point.  The language is lisp-ish, although I'm planning to write a
parser for a c-like syntax.  It's properly tail-recursive, has explicit
continuations, and has associative arrays as a native datatype.
It's probably easiest for me to create an account on umop-ap.com for
anyone interested in collaborating with me.  If the consensus is that
starting with an existing MUD is easier, that's fine too.
Are DC-nets useful for anything besides anonymous broadcast?  I'd probably
cheat on implementation unless there is some other property that I'm missing.
For network-related stuff, I've been considering a fantasy setting, but one
that allows for "magical" instantaneous long-distance communication between
any two objects.  Web servers wind up being persistent spells, email is
really easy, and so on.
I'm reluctant to involve the outside world in a MUD except as a source
of players.  This is partially due to security and extra programming
complexity, but mostly because I'd want to isolate the game from the
pressures that being a remailer or anonymizer brings.
With the possible exception of Escrow, I'd make these player functions
rather than server functions.  They are important, of course.
There are a number of things in "Applied Cryptography" that I missed,
Subliminal channels
Secure multiparty Computation
Blind signatures
Oblivous Transfer
It could be PC-run, too.  Then again, how can you tell the difference?
I'm still primarily looking at the game aspect.  After all, if it isn't
an interesting game, then there won't be enough players to get meaningful
results.  We need real humans making the various economic decisions in
order to reduce the consequences of programmer bias.
Also, there's the teaching possibility.  Where a simulation would only
appeal to those who are already of a libertarian bent, a working anarchic
MUD might reach others.
If a new character is significatly weaker than an experienced character,
then this may not be a problem.  They simply wouldn't have enough of
a chance against a real target to be more than an annoyance.  Alternately,
having the game prevent new characters from starting fights with other
players stops this quite quickly.  That's what we did on the LPmud I ran.
I'd prefer that the only rules be against trying to bring down the server,
though.  What's the point of an anarchy with rules?
For the general problem of making player death costly, I'd been planning
on having some abilities reside in a "soul" and some in the "body".  If
a body dies, that's it for that body.  The player has to start over with
a new, untrained, body.  This can be a problem if, for example, the soul's
main fighting skill is with a weapon that the body isn't yet strong enough
to lift.
Since real-world stuff is apparently nearly immune to brute force, I'd
go all the way and make the game stuff truly immune.  Breakability is
a feature that just isn't worth the effort to code, especially since
we're interested in the consequences of unbreakable crypto.
I could go either with that, or a net that really is secure and unsnoopable.
The obvious analogue to software in a fantasy setting is spells.  This
requries security of the server from arbitrary player code, but that's
been one of my design goals for some time.
A general disclaimer that anything can be logged is almost mandatory.
Logs are too useful for debugging.  Still, I'd prefer to periodically
trim the logs so that no one can meaningfully demand them.  Besides,
writings from a player perspective are probably better anyway.
Now that I think about it, having a character (player or non) who acts
as a historian and news service would be good anyway.
As for logging without real identities, that's not enough -- pseudonyms
can be recognized and outed by textual analysis.  A certain amount of
caution is always necessary if you're doing something that you wouldn't
want made public, but I don't want the MUD to require any more than that
fundamental minimum.
How about mud at umop-ap.com?  I'm currently the only subscriber, but that
can be fixed.

@_date: 1996-09-10 15:49:22
@_author: Jon Leonard 
@_subject: Crypto Anachy MUD 
Tim May expressed doubt that it was worth the effort:  Not much easier
than the real thing, and not as good.  That's the closest to your point,
I think.
I've never figured out why anyone would play games at all -- the whole
universe is all a game too.
For whatever reason, some people (including me) like to play games.  I've
been working on a MUD anyway, and the question is whether it would be
interesting enough to add crypto-anarchy aspects to it to be worth the
effort.  Obviously you think not.
There are a few significant differences:
We don't have fully anonymous digital cash, and not everyone can issue it.
Strong crypto isn't universally deployed.
Remailers don't allow easy two-way traffic.
Few employers are willing to pay pseudonymous entites.
You don't get imprisioned or killed for too-risky behavior on a MUD.
Running a MUD invites less unwelcome attention than do some of the services
discussed on cypherpunks.
Finally, a MUD has the potential to spread crypto-anarchic ideas to people
who would not otherwise have considered them.
It may be that I'm wasting my time, but I could come up with some useful
new crypto protocol too.
Jon Leonard

@_date: 1997-11-12 12:26:44
@_author: Jon Leonard 
@_subject: Secure Hashing for Entropy 
In the case where:
1) Your entropy source is as good as you think it is
2) Your opponent knows nothing about the data from your entropy source
3) Your entropy mixes the way you expect it to.
this is indeed the case.
If you're not completely sure about the above, using a cryptographic
hash requires your hypothetical opponent to be able to reverse the hash
to exploit what they know, rather than simpler computations.
Since it seems that paranoia pays off in the design of cryptographic
software, I'd recommend always using a strong hash.
Jon Leonard

@_date: 1998-01-30 05:44:28
@_author: Jon Leonard 
@_subject: Persistent URLs Considered Useful 
I've copied the HTML'd version at Barring catastrope, it'll stay there until the singularity.
[skip to discussion of a market solution]
Another model would be advertising supported.  In this model, a business
collects important documents, sources, and so on, and makes them generally
available.  A search engine at the site home helps index it, and provides
banner advertisements as well.
The advertisement supported model works for the search engines, and this
would have the advantage of avoiding both broken links and useless drivel.
Free access and free submission may be necessary to get both enough
documents and users to be profitable.
Jon Leonard
