
@_date: 2005-07-27 20:17:32
@_author: Caleb Ledford 
@_subject: Impact Equ-ity Report 
WORLD STOCK REPORT ISSUED FOR JULY 28, 2005
EXPLOSIVE PICK FOR OUR MEMBERS --
!!!!!RIDE THE STAIRWAY TO HEAVEN!!!!
Good day to all broker's, Day Trader's and Investor's  World stock has become famous with some great stock picks in the otc , small cap
market's!!!!!!!!!!    Here at World Stock Report we work on what we from the street. Rumor's circulating and keeping the focus on the news. We pick our companies based on there growth potential. We focus stocks that have great potential to move up in price.!!!!!!!!!! While you liquitity.
      OUR LATEST PICK IS CHMS.
SYMBOL: CHMS
CURRENT PRICE: $.47
SHORT TERM 7 DAY PROJECTION:  $2.00
   WE GIVE IT TO YOU AGAIN AS A GIFT AND THIS IS WHY.
   *****************PRESS RELEASE********************PRESS
China Mobility Solutions Secures Extension on QuickNet Option
Tuesday July,  12:13 pm ET
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, July  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- China Solutions Inc. (OTC Bulletin Board: CHMS - News) is pleased to announce the deadline for exercising its option to buy the remaining 49% of Telecommunications Corp. (QuickNet) at a reduced rate has been extended July 31, 2005 from June 26. The extension now gives the Company the
opportunity to save $1 million in acquisition costs up until July 31, China Mobility Solutions initially acquired 51% of QuickNet in 2004 as vehicle to rapidly expand its business in China. Based in Beijing, with
nationwide mobile services, QuickNet was one of the first providers in to focus on mobile solutions for business. It has a highly advanced
technology platform and enterprise services that include advanced management, CRM and message auditing functionality.
About China Mobility Solutions Inc.
China Mobility Solutions (OTC Bulletin Board: CHMS - News) is a leading
provider of mobile business solutions to many diverse corporations China. With its rapidly growing client base of more than 17,000 Chinese
companies and access to a further 500,000 companies through its database, China Mobility Solutions is well positioned to become one of largest providers of mobile business solutions in China. The Company proprietary profit-sharing contracts with China's largest companies -- China Mobile, China Unicom and China Telecom. Analysts that by 2007, China will have more than 500 million mobile phones in
operation. In 2003, more than 200 billion text messages were sent mobile phones in China.
                       REMEMBER THIS IS A STONG BUY RECOMMENDATION TO OUR INVESTORS
 DISCLAIMER
 Information within this email contains "for wardlooking stateme nts" the meaning of Sec tion 27 Aof the Secur ities Act of 1933 and Section theSecu rities Exch ange Act of 1934. Any statem ents that express or discussions with respect to predi ctions, expect ations, beliefs,
plans,proje ctions, object ives, goals, ass umptions or future events performance are not state ments of histor ical fact and may be "forward
looking statements."Forwa rdlooking state ments are based on
expectat ions,estimates and proje ctions at the time the statements are that involve a number of risks and uncer tainties which could cause results or events to differ materially from those presently ant Forward look ing stat ements in this action may be iden tified through of words such as"proje cts", "for esee", "exp ects", "will,""anti "esti mates," "belie ves," understan ds"or that by stat ements certain actions"may," "could," or "might" occur. Risk factors include
general econ omic and business con ditions, the ab ility to acqu ire deve lop
specific projects, the ability to fund operations and changes in and busi ness consum ption habits and other factors overwhich the little or no control. The publisher of this newsl etter does not that the informa tion contained in this message states all material facts or
does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein misleading. All infor mation provided within this email pert aining to
inves ting, st ocks, securi ties must be under stood as information ded and
not inves tment advice. The publi sher of this newsletter advises all
and subscr ibers to seek advice from a reg istered profess ional secur repres ntative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this
email. None of the material within this report shall be construed as kind of inves tment advice or soli citation. Many of these comp anies are on
the verge of bank ruptcy. You can lose all your money by investing in stock. We urge you to read the company's SEC filings now, before you The publi sher of this newsletter is not a reg stered invstme nt advis Subscribers should not view information herein as legal, tax, accounting or
invest ment advice. In comp liance with the Securiti esAct of 1933, 17(b),The publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive two thousa nd free trad ing shares from a third party, not an affi liate shar eholder for the circul ation of this report. Be aware of  an
inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensa tion due to fact that this is a paid adve rtisement and is not without bias.The that paid us has a position in the st ock they will sell at anyt ime notice.This could have a negat ive impact on the price of the st ock,
you to lose money. All factual infor mation in this report was gat hered fr
public sources, including but not limited to SEC filings,Company and Compa ny Press Rel eases. The publisher of this newsl etter beli informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy comple teness. Use of the mat rial within this email consti tutes your
accepta nce of these terms.
