
@_date: 1995-01-15 18:03:44
@_author: jml at wizard.synapse.net 
@_subject: interesting problem with remailers 
I need a good dependable cypherpunk style anomymous remailer. So I have been experimenting with a few.
I have discovered a rather curious problem. I have sent test messages to homer at rahul.net. These test messages read as follows:
Request-Remailing-To: myname at mydonain
this is line1
this is line2
this is line3
this is line4
this is line5
this is line6
I have encrypted this message with the public key of homer at rahul.net using the pgp -ea command (for armour). This yields something like:
-----BEGIN PGP MESSAGE----
version 2.6.2
blah blah
blah blah etc.....
------END PGP MESSAGE---
I have then put
Encrypted: PGP
at the beginning of the message and send it with Eudora PC 1.4.
Now curiously enough the message that I received back from homer at rahul is the Complaints-To: Homer Wilson Smith X-Comments: X-Comments:       finger homer at rahul.net for instructions.
X-Comments: X-Comments: Unauthorized or illegal use of this remailer, especially
X-Comments: for spamming the internet or posting copyright violations
X-Comments: will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
X-Comments: Homer Wilson Smith  (607) 277-0959, Fax: (607) 277-8913
X-Comments:                FULL HEADER LOGGING IS: ON
This is line1
this is line3
this is line5
No this is line2
no this is line4
no this is line6
I am unable to explain this. Obviously the message must be recieved intact by the remailer because being encrypted with PGP if it were corrupt in anyway it would simply not decode properly and I would get no reply whatsoever. Now before somebody says that the trouble is at my site, I also have an account on
CI$ (compuserve). The same thing happens to message I received there. So obviously it cannot be my site. Unless I am doing something that somehow tells the remailer to only remail one line out of two. (?????)
And this problem is not only with homer at rahul. Other remailers do the same.
I know that it most be something that I am doing but it escapes me what. Again it must receive the PGP message correctly. I am stumped....
If anybody can help explain this little mystery, it would be most appreciated.
Please reply here at cypherpunks at toad.com and also forward to
wizard at alpha.c2.org (to see if it works)
Thanks all
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1995-01-15 20:50:35
@_author: jml at wizard.synapse.net 
@_subject: bug in remailers 
Yes I have tried that. No problem they come out ok.
Well no problem with anon at penet.fi. I'll try other remailers that permit unpgp'ed messages and get back to you.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1995-01-15 21:00:04
@_author: jml at wizard.synapse.net 
@_subject: bug in remailers 
Well to tell the truth I'm glad that I'm not the only one it's happening to. This seems a fairly serious problem. (To anonymous remailers sysadmin) Is this something new? Must be I guess. (Paranoid mode on). Sabotage?
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1995-01-15 21:12:49
@_author: jml at wizard.synapse.net 
@_subject: Interesting problem with remailers 
No doesn't make any difference. Seems I'm not the only one to have this problem.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1995-01-16 07:27:26
@_author: jml at wizard.synapse.net 
@_subject: bug in remailers 
Yah, I'm 99% sure that it what happenned. I'll be testing that today.
I've sent a few test messages to your remailer and everythnig came back just fine. The trouble with other remailers is that it can take as much as a full day before a message gets delivered.
I'll get back to you.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1995-01-16 14:00:17
@_author: jml at wizard.synapse.net 
@_subject: REQUEST:  Privacy/Free Speech URLs 
Check out Vince Cate's Cryptorebel/Cypherpunk Page at: It has just about everything with links to other sites that have links to other sites that have links to.... it's a web thing. :-)
jml at wizard.synapse.net
PGP encrypted mail preferred.
I might disagree totally with what you say but I'll defend your right to say it to the death.

@_date: 1995-01-19 13:20:22
@_author: jml at wizard.synapse.net 
@_subject: Internet World Magazine 
This month's issue of Internet World Magazine deals primarily with internet security. I'm am not going to review everything in the mag but I'll list the table of content:
Better Safe:
Danger lurks on the Info Highway. You must take precaution to reduce your riks.
By Dave Taylor and Rosalind Resnick
Getting Cryptic:
Phil Zimmermann's PGP gives you powerful encryption to keep your messages safe from prying eyes. Read all about it.
By William Stalling.
(Introductory article about PGP. Nothing we, here, don't already know)
Securing the Enterprise:
Connectiong your corporation to the Internet can be a security nightmare.
Firewalls are the main line of defense.
By Alton Hoover
(An overview of Firewalls, application-layer gateways and token-based authentication schemes)
Beyond the Firewall:
The latest  firewall technology not only detects intruders, but strikes back.
By Winn Schwartau
(Very interesting article. Here are some quotes to wet your appetite:
Wouldn't it be nice if a computer system attacked from the Internet responded to the attack by striking back at the intruder? This is exactly what Sidewinder's implementation of type enforcement does.....It will detect the intrusion immediately....As soon as a violation occurs, a silent alarm is activated....sidewinder can be configured to react in any number of ways, once an attack has been detected...it can shut the intruder cold...(or)...it can invoke a mechanism that would record all the information from whence came the attack....By luring the attacker into a false sense of security, the hacker would continue trying to break in, unaware that every step was being recorded...
Cashing In:
As Internet commerce expands, a host of companies are vying to establish their system as the basis for cyberbanking and credit-card transactions.
By Lisa Morgan
Business Browser:
New versions of Mosaic with built-in encryption promise to keep your transactions safe.
By Richard W. Wiggins
Unlawful Entry
Crackers can feasts on your data if you fail to plug your leaky Unix system
By Aaron Weiss
(Five Ways to crack a Unix System)
It's Alive:
Although the furor has subsided, reports of Clipper's death are greatly exaggerated. The government's controversial eavesdropping effort lives on.
By Steven Vaughan-Nichols
Building Trust
The chief executives of Trusted Information Systems -Steve Crocker and Steve Walker- talk about encryption, CyberCash, Clipper, and more.
By Jeff Ubois.
All in all a rather interesting mag. Check it out.
wizard at alpha.c2.org
Give me the liberty to know, to utter, and to argue freely
according to conscience, above all liberties.

@_date: 1995-01-20 11:54:06
@_author: jml at wizard.synapse.net 
@_subject: internet world mag 
If you can't find it at your local bookstore then contact:
Internet world p.o. box 713, Mt Morris, il, 61054, USA or via email
74671.3430 at compuserve.com
wizard at alpha.c2.org
Give me the liberty to know, to utter, and to argue freely
according to conscience, above all liberties.
