
@_date: 2001-09-12 15:47:57
@_author: J. Neil Schulman 
@_subject: I can't take it anymore .... 
My friends,
I had intended to remain silent to allow a decent period of mourning, in
the aftermath of the American tragedy that is now, evidently, a
well-planned lethal foreign attack against Americans on 911 Tuesday,
America's second Day of Infamy.
But I just saw Senator Kay Bailey Hutchinson being interviewed by Neil
Cavuto on Fox News, and she was suggesting that it was "ridiculous for
Americans to have to go into protective mode" when they board an
aircraft. She wants us to sit quietly when we board, secure in the
knowledge that there's a sky marshall on board.
How did the people of Texas, the heirs of Sam Houston and Colonel Davy
Crockett, elect this sissy?
I told you so, I told you so, I told you so!
I've been saying it as loudly as I could for over ten years. I've
written books and articles, spoke on radio and TV, gave speeches.
If you disarm the people -- if you make them give up their guns when
they get on a plane, go into a post office, get taken out to the ball
game -- then there will never be enough police officers to go around
when the bad guys decide to strike, without warning, at a time and place
of their own choosing.
The jetliners that took down the World Trade Center, a city of 50,000
daytime inhabitants, and that exploded into the very military
headquarters of the world's only remaining superpower, were taken over
by a few thugs with boxcutters.
If the airline pilots had guns this couldn't have happened.
If the flight attendants had guns this couldn't have happened.
If local police officers who fly were allowed to carry their guns with
them, warned only to switch to frangible ammunition, this couldn't have
If I -- or someone like me --  a fat middle-aged American couch potato,
but with police-quality training in firearms, had been allowed to carry
my Glock 23 pistol on one of these flights, this couldn't have happened.
But what is the solution of the big brains in charge of our national
security? Yes, you got it. This is not a joke. Before you get on a
plane, they want to take away your pen knives, nail clippers, and
boxcutters! This new FAA regulation goes into effect before they will
allow commercial flights to even take off.
If you still are one of those who believe in petitioning the government
for a redress of grievances, please let your duly-elected public servant
know what you think of Americans who board airliners being treated even
more like cattle than they are already. Ask them how many Americans must
die before they intend to allow us to defend our lives.
Write anyone else you think might listen. Call talk radio. Post Internet
messages on the major news websites. Call, write, and email anyone in
the media you know personally.
Call and write Attorney General Ashcroft and White House presidential
advisor Karl Rove.
Attorney General John Ashcroft   (Dear General Ashcroft)
Main Justice Bldg. Room 1603
Constitution Avenue NW
Washington, DC 20530
Mr. Karl Rove                    (Dear Mr. Rove)
Sr. Advisor to the President
The White House
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue
Washington, DC 20500
We have no time to mourn. We have our loved ones and neighbors to
defend, before the next thug with a grievance makes them the next
target. Have we not already been told by the President of the United
States that we are at war with terrorists?
J. Neil Schulman, author
Stopping Power: Why 70 Million Americans Own Guns
Webmaster, The World Wide Web Gun Defense Clock
"The other rain is sunshine."
--J. Neil Schulman, July 21, 2000
EaZychair.com: Tangleweed.com: Pulpless.Com Book Catalog: The World According to J. Neil Schulman: The World Wide Web Gun Defense Clock: Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt at coil.com with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at
