
@_date: 2013-08-22 14:03:55
@_author: Joseph Lorenzo Hall 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Open Whisper Systems' neat asynch FPS "pre-keying" 
The TextSecure Protocol
TextSecure’s upcoming iOS client (and Android data channel client) uses
a simple trick to provide asynchronous messaging while simultaneously
providing forward secrecy.
At registration time, the TextSecure client preemptively generates 100
signed key exchange messages and sends them to the server. We call these
“prekeys.” A client that wishes to send a secure message to a user for
the first time can now:
1.  Connect to the server and request the destination’s next “prekey.”
2.  Generate its own key exchange message half.
3.  Calculate a shared secret with the prekey it received and its own
key exchange half.
4.  Use the shared secret to encrypt the message.
5.  Package up the prekey id, the locally generated key exchange
message, and the ciphertext.
6.  Send it all in one bundle to the destination client.
The user experience for the sender is ideal: they type a message, hit
send, and an encrypted message is immediately sent.
The destination client receives all of this as a single push
notification. When the user taps it, the client has everything it needs
to calculate the key exchange on its end, immediately decrypt the
ciphertext, and display the message.
With the initial key exchange out of the way, both parties can then
continue communicating with an OTR-style protocol as usual. Since the
server never hands out the same prekey twice (and the client would never
accept the same prekey twice), we are able to provide forward secrecy in
a fully asynchronous environment.

@_date: 2013-02-08 13:46:50
@_author: Joseph Lorenzo Hall 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Bellovin, Blaze, Clark, Landau 
This appears to be in front of the IEEE paywall for a bit, so grab it
now unless you want to  it later...
Going Bright: Wiretapping without Weakening Communications Infrastructure
Steven M. Bellovin , Columbia University
Matt Blaze , University of Pennsylvania
Sandy Clark , University of Pennsylvania
Susan Landau , Privacyink.org
Mobile IP-based communications and changes in technologies have been a
subject of concern for law enforcement, which seeks to extend current
wiretap design requirements for digital voice networks. Such an
extension would create considerable security risks as well as seriously
harm innovation. Exploitation of naturally occurring bugs in the
platforms being used by targets may be a better alternative.
Mobile IP-based communications and changes in technologies, including
wider use of peer-to-peer communication methods and increased deployment
of encryption, has made wiretapping more difficult for law enforcement,
which has been seeking to extend wiretap design requirements for digital
voice networks to IP network infrastructure and applications. Such an
extension to emerging Internet-based services would create considerable
security risks as well as cause serious harm to innovation. In this
article, the authors show that the exploitation of naturally occurring
weaknesses in the software platforms being used by law enforcement's
targets is a solution to the law enforcement problem. The authors
analyze the efficacy of this approach, concluding that such law
enforcement use of passive interception and targeted vulnerability
exploitation tools creates fewer security risks for non-targets and
critical infrastructure than do design mandates for wiretap interfaces.

@_date: 2013-02-13 17:51:40
@_author: Joseph Lorenzo Hall 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Cryptography super-group creates unbreakable 
looks like the Silent Circle code is up on github?
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2013-03-21 10:31:56
@_author: Joseph Lorenzo Hall 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Microsoft Releases 2012 Law Enforcement 
Two things seem particularly interesting: apparently zero requests for
content were fulfilled for Skype and the associated FAQ [1] says CALEA
(the US law that mandates intercept capability) does not apply to Skype.
That seems particularly encouraging to me.
The FAQ is also interesting in that the non-content question mentions
"location" but then only lists state, country and ZIP code as fields
provided (I don't know how MSFT would have access to precise
geolocation, but that doesn't appear to be something they provide). Also
the NSL reporting in the FAQ is binned in terms of thousands of NSLs...
so in 2009 they report receiving 0-999 NSLs and in 2010 1000-1999 NSLs
(hard to tell if that was just one more NSL or a bunch).
best, Joe

@_date: 2013-09-11 13:27:42
@_author: Joseph Lorenzo Hall 
@_subject: [liberationtech] iPhone5S Fingerprint and 5th amendment 
There's a good deal of existing research out there on using symmeteric
hashes -- a hash that can accept discrete inputs in arbitrary order and
always calculate to the same value -- for secure biometric template
storage and matching.
Here is a paper I point people to that many of you will find absolutely
fascinating (although it's been some years so do check citations
pointing to this for further work):
Sergey Tulyakov, Faisal Farooq, Praveer Mansukhani, & Venu Govindaraju.
(2007). Symmetric hash functions for secure fingerprint biometric
systems. Pattern Recognition Letters, 28(16), 2427–2436. Retrieved from
