
@_date: 1996-02-01 09:34:26
@_author: joe_n_turner at amoco.com 
@_subject: More FUD 
Author:  owner-cypherpunks at unix,sh/dd.RFC-822=owner-cypherpunks\
Your comments intrigued me, but unfortunately I have to disagree with you on several points.
"real professionals?"  You mean the kind that take meetings to avoid work and leave the office by 5:00?  As far as "virus writers" there are relatively few that I would lump into that category, but the ones who do get there are worthy of at least a little respect.  Most are of the VCL-cut-and-paste-upload-it-and-see-who-complains variety.
I have never written a virtual device driver for windows, but I have written kernel device drivers for Windows NT, and some nifty driver and TSR code for MS-DOS.  I have (and still do) collect viruses.  Its been fun, and it also makes
me a teeny-tiny bit more employable.  If my memory serves me correctly, by '92 386's were rolling off the assembly lines.  Getting extended memory cards was still easy but they were getting more and more scarce as expanded memory became the rage.  A lot people did have 640k.
Maybe you should use WordPerfect instead.  Solution: Get rid of Windows.  Upgrade to '95, NT, or go to Linux, even OS/2.         This sounds like a challange.  Is it worth a T-Shirt?
Not if it is written properly.  A lot of viruses become known only when they drop their payload.  Others are just poorly written, no different from a bad software product.
Ahhhhh.. but your wrong.  Granted, the underlying strata may be radically different, but I can run an MS-DOS program on an 300 Mhz DEC Alpha (under NT) without any problems (except I couldn't get DOOM to run).  There is already a read-only Filesystem driver for Linux that will read NT.  Like TCP/IP, the operating systems are going towards interoperability.
The big computer companies recognize that they have to compete to survive.  No longer can IBM design a machine and lock in their customers to IBM parts, IBM service, and an IBM operating system.
