
@_date: 2012-11-30 20:42:45
@_author: Joe Btfsplk 
@_subject: [tor-talk] William was raided for running a Tor exit node. 
I forgot - did someone say they keep cash & extra phone in a safe deposit box (pre paid or contract?  Contract phone is no use in a police crack If a deposit box, judge could freeze that too, so better hide it in  someone else's house.  And what are they gonna say about that?  "I need to hide a phone, money, gun, etc. in your basement."
Even though I might think some of it's vaguely similar to preparing for a hurricane, most of my family would have me committed.
Though I empathize w/ him (read below), if William hasn't been charged w/ ANY thing, there's not much need for a full legal team - just yet.  Sure, he's sweating bullets - innocent or not.  But that doesn't translate into spending huge $ right now.  An attorney can't do anything (if he's truly innocent) unless there are at least some charges to start thinking about a defense; they arrest him, etc.
Unless William's goal is to get his equip back quickly.  A lawyer could  file motions, but probably wouldn't do much good - at least for now.  It  does appear that one in his situation would be building a defense fund  before there is anything to defend against.  Now, if he could promise to  pay everyone back, proportionally, for what wasn't used for defense... but how could one do that?  How would we make them, if they decided not to?
What if the defense fund is needed because he actually did something  illegal (not necessarily porn)?  I agree, that in these VERY beginning  stages, a guy w/ the credentials he's presented, should have the means to pay an attorney for an hr or 2, to tell him what to do / not to do, until such time that he's arrested, charges are filed, etc., (if ever).  Right now, that's all  he needs.
*How do I know?*  Cause I was put in a similar situation - of the  *possibility* I might have to defend myself against false charges -  unrelated to issues in this case.  I got basic advice on what to do / not do for now; have cash for bail bond, in unlikely event I was arrested.  (Believe me, they could've arrested me & asked questions later).  Then, nothing to do but wait... and wait.  Nerve racking.  Lost bunch of weight when needed to gain some.  But, didn't need bunch of money.
I didn't have equipment or belongings seized, but police never "told" me  anything later on, like, "We're not filing charges;" "the DA isn't  referring this to a Grand Jury."  Nothing, nada.  No, "Sorry we came to  your house w/ no justification & threatened you."  No arresting the other person that made false accusations, even though there were witnesses.  Even then, I only needed a lawyer to advise me of basic rights, of prudent behavior till something did / did not develop, etc.  No giant defense fund needed.  The whole thing just... disappeared.
How much is 10,000 EU anyway - $100 USD?
There's a reason I'd never run a Tor exit or probably relay.  I'd like to.  If raided, I could never take the stress.  Too old now, w/ chronic health issues.  Plus I wouldn't want to spend my retirement savings hiring lawyers, if things got really ugly.
And people call me paranoid...
I should get started on my dooms day supplies & cash.  I don't know where to keep it.  We live in hurricane territory & you have to prepare way in advance of knowing whether the storm will hit nearby, or it's too late.
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2013-10-09 12:41:04
@_author: Joe Btfsplk 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Weekly News — October 9th, 2013 
I'm sure Tor developers have considered the real possibility that some
or all of what different agencies release, about their capabilities &
successes (or lack of) against Tor - or anything else, is
misinformation, designed to make the Tor Project AND  users more
comfortable in continuing to use TBB.
Logically, if any agency or adversary divulged they can somewhat
successfully track users or "infiltrate the system," then most would
stop using it and a valuable method to gather information or catch
"criminals" would cease to exist.  Good poker players and gov'ts NEVER
reveal their hands.
I wouldn't take seriously anything that ANY gov't publicly reveals
about their technology or intelligence capability (or lack there or).
Over a long history, it's been repeatedly shown that advanced gov'ts
always know more & have more technology capability, than is revealed.
That is, often until decades later, when the real truth comes out.
It's no different now.

@_date: 2013-10-09 18:43:56
@_author: Joe Btfsplk 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Weekly News — October 9th, 2013 
Top 10 Reasons Snowden hasn't published his documents:
10. Wiki what?
9. Unaware of statute of limitations on publishing stolen government
8. Can't find a ghost writer.
7. Been too busy traveling.
6. Worried it might hurt his chances for public office.
5. Waiting for The Presidential Medal of Freedom, for exposing
violation of the Constitution.
4.  Has grown fond of eating & breathing.
3. Hoping for Ambassadorship of Syria.
2. Holding them as "Get Out of Jail" card.
1.  Waiting for ABC to offer movie of the week deal.

@_date: 2013-10-16 19:42:41
@_author: Joe Btfsplk 
@_subject: [tor-talk] New paper : Users Get Routed: Traffic Correlation on Tor by Realistic Adversaries 
I read the paper - good job. Some of it will be over the heads of
some, but that's unavoidable unless make it 10+ pages, in newbie
language, then few would read it all, so...
I'm not bashing Tor here, so leave your pitchforks in the barn. Just
asking questions, making observations that may / may not have an
answer or even be useful.
One thing jumps out, Tor doesn't know for sure who's running Guard or
exit nodes - & can't unless they start doing (regular, repeated)
extensive personal interviews, background checks, giving polygraph
tests, injecting sodium pentathol  to those wanting to run nodes.  I
guess more so for Guards.
Since apparently now LEAs from (some) countries are teaming up,
sharing info, etc., seems possible the problem of LEAs (or any
adversaries) running a higher % of nodes could get worse, not better.
If adversary nodes as a % of all nodes doesn't increase (new good guy
nodes keeps up w/ increase of adversarial ones), then overall risk
hasn't changed.  But how can Tor (or any group) determine the risk if
they have no reasonably reliable way to determine the REAL intention /
identity of node operators (spies infiltrating Tor Network)?
Governments, crooks have proven themselves VERY resourceful over
decades, or 100's of yrs.  The U.S., let alone other industrialized
nations partnering together, has a lot more manpower, resources &
money than Tor Project.  I don't think we can out spend "them," for
setting up nodes.  How many full / part time programmers or "idea
people" does Tor have (as good as they are) VS. one agency of one
industrialized nation?
Is there any way - in the future, that Tor could run a much larger %
of nodes or at least, instead of constantly trying to figure how to
"beat / drastically improve the odds" that an adversary won't
accidentally control the entry / exit nodes on circuits?  Perhaps a
noble, but losing game, if gov'ts band together & decide Tor, or the
entire internet, IS worth serious monitoring.  Perhaps reasonable
anonymity on a world wide party line is too ambitious? (Those that
don't know what a "telephone party line" was, can "Startpage it."
[stop saying "Google it"] :)
What about somehow getting a better handle on who actually runs the
nodes?  With its current policies & design, Tor is in a very tough
position to "ensure quality" (anonymity).  Tor isn't supposed to see
any real data on the network - for one, so they can't be forced to
give anything up (again, noble), but that prevents some (a lot of?)
capability for quality control.  No company would / could handle its
own security that way.  It's a Catch 22 situation for Tor, because of
legal threats that many gov'ts impose, that many corporations don't
face.  And if they had some REALLY secret stuff to send abroad, they'd
fly it in their own jet.
What about a COMPLETELY different approach, rather than trying to
develop methods to "beat the odds," *ad infinitum,* against what COULD
become an ever increasingly larger PERCENTAGE of gov't / adversary run
nodes?  Surely, it'd be worthwhile to look way down the road & see
where Gov'ts / LEAs may be going w/ this & whether they can be
"bested," by following the same course that Tor is on (even with
improvements along the way)?  I have no idea - I'm just saying,
sometimes the only way businesses, technologies, gov'ts survive &
thrive is to completely change course.   For all of history, gov'ts
have gone to GREAT lengths to spy on citizens & adversaries & have
often done pretty well at it.
Well liked corporations can often be as secretive as they want -
they're "protecting corporate data & assets."  Tor is looked at in
part (*by gov'ts & LEAs*), as a tool for terrorists, criminals - of
all sorts.  They couldn't care less if honest people, whistle blowers
swim near schools of criminals & terrorists, whether some will get
caught in the same net.  Maybe, like Corporations that get away w/
figurative murder, Tor Project should start contributing heavily to
key political figures, to ensure they'll "be left alone?"  :D
You laugh, but that's exactly why big business, who by current
STATUTES, break JUST AS MANY OR MORE laws, as Gov'ts / LEAs *ASSUME*
that Tor users do?   Big Business is left alone & entities like Tor
are on the hit list.
