
@_date: 2001-10-18 23:18:09
@_author: John Kozubik 
@_subject: What info does Zero Knowledge collect on users of Freedom 
Correct me if I am wrong, but isn't this a moot point ?  I was under the
impression that ZKS was going to pull the plug sometime in the very near
John Kozubik - john at kozubik.com -

@_date: 2001-10-24 19:48:03
@_author: John Kozubik 
@_subject: A champion of liberty speaks about privacy, cash smuggling 
Can someone clarify the definition, in this context, of "smuggling" ?  Does this mean that $10,000 in cash can no longer be taken out of the
country, or does it mean that it can no longer be taken out of the country
in a secretive manner ?
For as long as I have been traveling internationally, I have been required
to declare all cash amounts larger than $10,000.  Does this mean that
previously it was not a crime to not make such a declaration, and now it
is ?
John Kozubik - john at kozubik.com -

@_date: 2001-10-28 11:04:24
@_author: John Kozubik 
@_subject: Now we know why those 1000 are being held in NYC 
In less dire times, certain capabilities have been suspected, as regards
monitoring and wiretapping technology in place for LEAs, etc.  It is often
maintained that any negative proof of their existence, eg. "I said thus
and such over the phone or in a chat room and nobody came to talk to me"
is due to an unwillingness of the agencies to tip their hand as regards
the existence of these technologies.
That is, it isn't worth it to prove you have real-time monitoring over all
telephone traffic just to catch a prankster in peacetime.
Although proving the existence and quality of domestic monitoring
capabilities is not a priority of mine, for those for whom it is, perhaps
now would be the time to start experimenting again.  The fervor with which
LEAs are now searching, and the desire to break open the case is probably
such that the existence of any domestic monitoring technology would be
allowed, indirectly, to become public knowledge.
You would have to be highly motivated, I suspect, as any "interesting
communication" would clearly land you in very hot water.  Further,
information about "small fish" technologies ("I sent a private message
between two of my own clients on EFnet that was intercepted") is far less
useful than big fish technologies ("I sent a weakly encrypted (56bit
symmetric cipher?) message over a point to point connection between two of
my own modems, across the PSTN").
Please note that I do not condone pranks of any kind, so if you do conduct
a test, send the message or communication to yourself.  (note that the
examples above are self to self communications)
On a related note, are there any provisions in the new anti-terror
legislation that would make such self-to-self "interesting" communications
illegal ?
John Kozubik - john at kozubik.com -

@_date: 2002-07-24 00:22:14
@_author: John Kozubik 
@_subject: Tunneling through a hostile proxy? 
SSH java applets exist:
Therefore, you could simply publish the java ssh client of your choice on
an off-site web server of your choice, then hit that web server from
behind your proxy using HTTPS (on the standard port 443) using IE or
Netscape, etc., and accomplish your goal.  No tunneling needed - just
plain old https traffic.  The ssh traffic flows only between the off-site
web server publishing the applet and the host you direct it to ssh into.
John Kozubik - john at kozubik.com -

@_date: 2003-04-28 21:35:36
@_author: John Kozubik 
@_subject: All trust is economics 
Great fame would also wait anyone who proved that a significantly faster
method _does not_ exist.  Not only is this conceivable, but it would move
this second scenario much further along your scale of trust towards "1".
I find that a lot of people (not necessarily anyone here) often forget
that this possibility still exists as a possible conclusion in public key
John kozubik - john at kozubik.com -

@_date: 2003-08-02 17:45:36
@_author: John Kozubik 
@_subject: [eff-austin] Antispam Bills: Worse Than Spam? 
That is incorrect.  AOL owns their network, and they can respond to your
arbitrary communications on their network in any way they see fit.  Maybe
they will deliver your email to your AOL subscribing friend.  Maybe they
will block that email.  Maybe they will translate the email into French
and reverse the word-order and then send it to your friend.  Maybe they
will print it out and mail it back to you for no reason.  All of these
responses are perfectly legitimate, and represent a private entity using
their property in whatever way they see fit, _provided that_ they abide by
any contracts they have entered into with their subscriber (which, in this
case, is not you).
It amazes me how many people on this list only respect private property
when it is convenient for them to do so.  (For reference, see the "Tim May
argues (correctly) that people can't protest in his house" and, more
recently, the "Gilmore thinks airlines can't refuse him travel for any
reason they see fit"  threads)
John Kozubik - john at kozubik.com -

@_date: 2003-08-06 00:44:39
@_author: John Kozubik 
@_subject: [eff-austin] Antispam Bills: Worse Than Spam? 
This comparison is invalid.  You are correct that your private property is
... well ... your private property, but if you look closely you will find
that you have a contract (of some kind, be it an agreement, etc.) with
your city - most likely in the form of an easement.  So, by interrupting
their water line, you would be breaking your contract.
Make no mistake, if you hold a contract that AOL entered in with you that
stipulates that they must send your email that you place onto their
property to your friend, then by all means prosecute them to your fullest
ability.  Further, if the AUP/TOS ("contract") that your friend, as a
subscriber, has with AOL stipulates something similar, then again, go
forward with my best wishes.
We all know, however, that AOL has no such contract with you, and that
their contract with your friend most likely boils down to "we will do as
we see fit and you will like it", and further, that even the peering
agreements that AOL has with other service providers, common carrier laws,
etc. most likely do not come anywhere near to stipulating this.  As well
they shouldn't.
So once again, we are back to:
AOL can do whatever they want with the bits you place on their private
This will be my last response to this thread.  Your comments boil down to:
a) You have forgotten that communication existed before the Internet, and
further, that Internet communication exists just fine without AOL.  The
obvious conclusion that using AOL is an act of terminal stupidity is left
as an exercise for the reader.
b) You invoke the tired, meaningless appeal to the big bad corporation
stomping on the little guy.  In reality, AOL can do whatever it pleases
with your bits when you place them on their property, barring any prior
contract to the contrary.  Any legislation that stipulates otherwise is
And I think both of those are absurd.
John Kozubik - john at kozubik.com -

@_date: 2003-08-08 23:01:41
@_author: John Kozubik 
@_subject: How can you tell if your alarm company's... 
Most intelligent and savvy people I know "roll their own" Tivo (PVR, etc.)
- I think the answer to your question is that it would be reasonable (and
trivial) to roll your own alarm system.
John Kozubik -john at kozubik.com -

@_date: 2003-08-29 13:42:53
@_author: John Kozubik 
@_subject: DoS of spam blackhole lists 
That's an interesting reaction to the problem.  Here's a better idea:
a) admit that your stupid, self-appointed-netcop blacklists and
self-righteous spam projects are inherently flawed, and are generally
populated by spam reports made by clueless idiots that don't realize they
are reporting forged and/or incorrect addresses.
The net effect is that a lot of innocent bystanders/IP-blocks/ISPs waste a
lot of time dealing with your self-righteous crusader projects.
b) realize that the distributed method you suggest already exists - it is
called procmail(*).
Please spend your sophomore year working on something besides
(*) or you could setup a dummy email account on all web-published
documents, and delete any email that arrives in both mailboxes, or you
could implement a challenge/response mechanism for all new senders.  All
three mechanisms mentioned are distributed, independent, and don't require
some asshole swooping in to save us with his miraculous spews database.
John Kozubik - john at kozubik.com -

@_date: 2003-07-09 07:30:46
@_author: John Kozubik 
@_subject: Genetic engineering [was: RE: DNA of relative indicts man,  
I have long believed that the constitution of the United States (through
an ammendment) should include protection against involuntary mental
tampering.  It should, for instance, be a constitutional right for a child
not to take their Ritalin, or for an insane man not to take his meds in
order to stand trial (a recent court case whose outcome I do not know).
Along this line, perhaps a more general anti-tampering ammendment could
include protection against the coercion that you describe above.  I feel
that no parent should be forced to alter their child in any way - before
or after the birth.
John Kozubik - john at kozubik.com -

@_date: 2003-07-20 23:36:27
@_author: John Kozubik 
@_subject: Fwd: [IP] Gilmore bounced from plane; and Farber  censors  
Where do these ridiculous ideas come from ?  If I own a piece of private
property, like an airplane (or an entire airline) for instance, I can
impose whatever senseless and arbitrary conditions on your use of it as I
In reality, I personally would allow his button, and other political
speech, etc., but that is not _necessarily_ so.  BA refuses to transport
him with the button ?  BA requires that he submit DNA to fly ?  BA
requires all passengers to fly nude and recite the hokey-pokey ?  All
within their rights(*) as the renters of their private property.  If you
don't like it, don't purchase their service.  They have no obligation to
serve you, and you have no right to use their service.  If their
conditions and your needs happen to intersect, then contract them for
service - if not, please move along.
Too bad for you, and not something I would do if I ran the airline, but it
is their property and they can do whatever they please(*) with it ... and
not be acting in bad faith when they do so long as they stay within the
bounds of your contract/agreement with them, which I suspect includes no
language concerning political speech, etc.
And what is your alternative ?  I note that you are attempting to
appropriate the property rights of others (albeit in a small way) through
a court decision (ie. guns) under the auspices of your perceived "right"
to use their property as you see fit.  How do the folks at Reason Magazine
feel about that ?  I read the article, and I am curious to see reader
reaction to it ... most likely most will be distracted by the "drinking
your own breast milk" horror stories.
All fine and good - and I appreciate your efforts at uncovering the secret
directives and generally resisting the erosion of liberties, however it
bothers me greatly that when the obvious is pointed out - that if the
_private airlines_ become unburdened by the ID requirement, they will
simply require it themselves - that you consider this unjust as well.
Further, you invoke some "right" of yours to impose your will on these
private property owners.
It is difficult to imagine how "blah blah employee number four Sun
Microsystems blah blah" is capable of this kind of cognitive dissonance.
(*) Within the bounds of the law.  Please don't respond with ridiculous
queries: "can BA murder you on the plane?!"  "can BA rape you?!"
John Kozubik - john at kozubik.com -

@_date: 2003-07-21 18:06:08
@_author: John Kozubik 
@_subject: Fwd: [IP] Gilmore bounced from plane; and Farber  censors   
If there are no provisions whatever for discretionary removal, then BA was
wrong to remove Gilmore - they broke their agreement.  However, I'll bet
if you read _all_ the fine print, somewhere there exists in the
contract/agreement a provision for just that.
John Kozubik - john at kozubik.com -

@_date: 2003-05-07 20:03:40
@_author: John Kozubik 
@_subject: Asperger's Syndrome 
Another possibility is that a large population of those with corrected
vision had their vision slowly degraded by the early applications of the
correction.  I have no experience with vision correction, but I know
anecdotally that most people with corrected vision need their corrections
strengthened throughout their lifetime.  In reality, their sight problem
may have stabilized (or even improved) very early on in the absence of
treatment.  Thus, our perception of what sight abilities the average
person in the United States has might be artificially deflated by early
and aggressive treatment.
Imagine putting back braces on all children that exhibited minor scoliosis
- and asking them to leave it there all their life.  If this were common,
we might be speaking about how back strength and lifting ability must not
be what they used to be...
John Kozubik - john at kozubik.com -

@_date: 2003-05-07 20:41:28
@_author: John Kozubik 
@_subject: Asperger's Syndrome 
Well, just speculation on my part - I am no professional in this area.
However, did he discuss _how_ common it is ?  Just because it is common
does not mean it is the norm.  Further, if your recent vision improvements
leave you now with a level of vision that still represents a retrograde
motion (albeit smaller) since you first got corrected, it could still be
consistent with my uninformed musing.
John Kozubik - john at kozubik.com -

@_date: 2003-05-07 21:25:22
@_author: John Kozubik 
@_subject: Asperger's Syndrome 
I have none.  I'm happy to say, however, that my anecdotal knowledge of
this subject has just been greatly increased over the course of the last
hour reading these posts.
John Kozubik - john at kozubik.com -

@_date: 2003-05-17 23:55:59
@_author: John Kozubik 
@_subject: Underestimating long-term consequences of cryptoanarchy 
Allow me to suggest this article (or rather, a response to an article):
to anyone wishing to read a contrarian position as relates to "memes" and
their various interpretations.
The original article is here:
John Kozubik - john at kozubik.com -

@_date: 2003-05-20 11:05:23
@_author: John Kozubik 
@_subject: Extent of UK snooping revealed 
I am writing a HOWTO on this subject now, and will (perhaps) be speaking
on the topic at DefCon.  Long story short:
a) collocate your own server (not just a webhost) somewhere.
b) install a web server with proxy capability, and configure your own
web clients on your personal computers to only hit that webserver, and to
only hit it with SSL for _all_ web requests.  So, all your web browsing
occurs over SSL and has a single destination - your server.  The actual
fetching of web pages occurs in plain text (or SSL if the site really is
SSL) from your server to the world.
c) pick a small group (whose size relates to how much bandwidth at your
collocation facility you can afford) and give them access as well, so as
to diminish traffic pattens when comparing your ISP logs to the collocated
servers' ISP logs
d) set up an automated script on the server that _constantly_ fetches
random web pages, thus creating a constant stream of http traffic in and
out of the server, again diminishing traffic patterns.  Log the actual
proxy requests in some temporary fashion and randomly hit those web sites
in an automated fashion throughout the day, regardless of whether someone
is requesting them through the proxy or not...and then, script a constant
stream of requests to the proxy as well ... either from a home firewall,
other home users, or from other users' collocated servers.  The point is
you want constant traffic in both directions.
Establishing Plausible Deniability:
a) set up some lame web site on your collocated server offering some sort
of "web archive", thus establishing PD for crawling/visiting any site
b) open up your wireless AP, at least a little bit, so that random persons
walking by have the ability to browse from the IP your ISP has given you
as well ... this may be complicated as they have to configure the proxy.
Extra points for:
a) randomizing the HTTP-USER-AGENT strings coming out of the proxy to
fetch the requested data, again removing traffic patterns and reducing
your own risk if you use an odd web browser.
b) setting up a personal firewall on your own internet link that _only_
allows HTTP and SSH traffic, and only allows it to your collocated server.
This will allow you to use modern OS software that you may not trust
(windows XP ?) while showinng you what kind of extra-curricular
connections it is making.
c) running your SSL connections to the proxy over port 25 or port 20 ...
or 110 ... or 6667 - all good candidates.
d) equalizing the constant inbound and outbound traffic that is generated
to obscure traffic patterns ... so, if the constant, scripted inbound SSL
requests fall, then the random scripted browsing outbound falls with it.
Comments appreciated.
John Kozubik - john at kozubik.com -

@_date: 2003-05-28 10:36:23
@_author: John Kozubik 
@_subject: Extent of UK snooping revealed 
Yes, this is a somewhat interesting problem - probably not that difficult
considering that the goal here is to create plausible deniability in a
setting like a court of law.  Generating traffic patterns that convince
other crytpographers (or even sysadmins) is much harder than generating
traffic patterns that simply create reasonable doubt.
Exactly.  The ideal system would monitor in and outbound:
- web requests
- bytes transferred
- bytes per page
- pictures per page
- binary files transferred
- (all of those) / second
and generate pseudo-random browsing to smooth these variables over time.
Perhaps a script that chose random word pairs from the dictionary, googled
them, and browsed the pages that were returned would be a good platform.
John Kozubik - john at kozubik.com -

@_date: 2003-09-03 01:05:08
@_author: John Kozubik 
@_subject: Random musing about words and spam 
I have, for a year or so now, been wondering about all the odd character
strings I am finding in the subjects and body of my spam, and I too
thought about keying on these for detection.
However, I immediately abandoned the idea, as a quick glance over the
content of my legitimate email - to and from developers, technical mailing
lists, etc., revealed that almost all of my legitimate email also contains
seemingly random bits of gibberish and pseudowords.
Try to write the logic that distinguishes this:
if_gre in the tree passes the mbuf to netisr_dispatch(), which in turn
calls if_handoff(), which does something similar.
(hackers at freebsd.org)
from this:
dyeiluykxoer dyeiluykcqkutknig dyeiluykkrpmhrku dyeiluykngeqx
dyeiluykoybim dyeiluykbihlyrelg dyeiluyktwucinmdyeiluykwenmttwvm
(actual spam)
I must reiterate that, given the relentless efficiency of spam-spiders,
merely publishing a shadow email address on all web documents that your
real email address reside on, and deleting all email sent to both accounts
is my current favorite anti-spam mechanism.  Simple to DIY, and requires
no centralization.
John Kozubik - john at kozubik.com -
