
@_date: 1996-08-02 08:08:40
@_author: John Brothers 
@_subject: Jewell is the Militia Bomber!!!! 
None!  and he lives with his mother!  Obviously a complete sicko!
John Brothers    Do you have a right not to be offended?

@_date: 1996-08-02 08:17:22
@_author: John Brothers 
@_subject: A Libertine Question 
I live in the Alpharetta area of Georgia, a northern suburb of Atlanta.  You're
welcome to come here and burn whatever you like.  Oh, of course, I assume that you'll be properly and safely capturing and
disposing the toxic ash.  Because, after all, if a single microgram
of those toxins were to land on my property, I would be forced to sue you, take all of that money, and set up a legal robot to continue to sue your
descendents for the next seven thousand generations.  And, I guess if the investigation were to show that you were criminally
negligent in the proper disposal of those toxins, you would have to be
punished.   Speaking for myself as a darwinist libertarian, the only
fitting punishment to being criminally negligent on such a grand scale
would be to execute you, and sterilize every known trace of your genetic code in the gene pool - i.e. all genetic children, brothers, sisters, parents and
so forth.  You may have some illegitimate/secret offspring or siblings which
may survive, but we can't go around tracking everyone's genetic code.. It would
be an affront to privacy, and libertarianism in general.  I'm sure that your lawyer could probably argue the case down to the point
where the only punishment would be your execution, and I guess that would
have to suffice - your family wasn't directly involved in the planning and
execution of this most heinous crime. But, I'm sure that you would be a properly responsible citizen, and clean
up carefully after yourself.  It might smell bad, and be a generally unpleasant
place, but as a libertarian, I don't have a right to control what you do
with your property, nor to object to bad smells - I can purchase filters
and such to avoid that.  And if it got unpleasant enough, I would just move
away, and leave you and your bad smells alone.  Have a nice day,
John Brothers    Do you have a right not to be offended?

@_date: 1996-08-22 13:20:38
@_author: John Brothers 
@_subject: telco's vs x-phones 
I think you both have good points here.  I will redo the math.
Jim said $10/meter, so about 50% of his estimate.
Ok.. I think we're talking apples and oranges.  Jim uses the term conversation,
which I assume is a 3 minute duration of time.  Your OC-48 handles almost
precisely 1 million conversations per day.   (32k DS0 x 24 * 60 * 20)
So I can see where he could come up with 18 million conversations.  I
have no idea what a conversation-minute is.  Perhaps another measure
would be the total number of conversations per year.
18 million/day * 365 = 6.5 billion conversations per year.
So I believe he is off by a factor of 1000+ at this point, but then the
fiber is half the cost he thought it was, so its really only 500+.
So, assume that he's a long haul carrier, and doesn't have to buy any
switching equipment.   Still, based on  $500/meter, that means that this network cost about 2.5 billion to build.
So if the system was running at full capacity, 24/7/365, the LD will have
to charge $0.50/conversation, or $0.15/minute to make 2.5 billion per year.
Even reaching 10% of that capacity is unlikely at $5/conversation.
Which, clearly, isn't happening.  I assume that either I have made a mistake in my calculations, or the costs of laying fiber has been grossly overestimated... Or, that since no-one is going around and buying
up 5000km right of ways, Sprint, MCI, AT&T and co. can lay fiber
much more cheaply.  If we assume $50/meter, it will cost 250 million, and they
will have to charge $0.015/minute to break even at 100% capacity, or $0.15/minute at 10% capacity - and we know Sprint charges less than that,
but if they can get more than 10% of the capacity --- although it is doubtful.
My best assumption at this point is that we don't have to make back the entire
cost of the fiber per year to make a profit.  if we only have to earn 20%
of its value to make a 10% profit, it would bring the price down to
$0.075/minute, and if we were to get OC-768 systems invented, we could reduce
that to $0.005/minute, which is approaching the values that Jim derived.
So, I hate to say it, but it looks like long distance is more expensive
than Jim (or I) thought.  But, in a few years (say, 5) it will approach
ridiculously cheap.  We can expect at that point that either
a) All (or most) long distance will be over the Internet
b) Internet phone will vanish as regular long distance becomes a flat fee
   like local service.
John Brothers    Do you have a right not to be offended?

@_date: 1996-07-26 08:24:57
@_author: John Brothers 
@_subject: Twenty Bank Robbers -- Game theory:) 
doh!  I just spent 20 minutes writing all the logic to that down!
And to absolutely maximize his chances of staying alive, he will divide
the money amongst robbers  -  and give up his own share.  At least, that is the proposal I would make were I under those circumstances.
John Brothers    Do you have a right not to be offended?

@_date: 1996-07-27 08:28:28
@_author: John Brothers 
@_subject: Twenty Bank Robbers -- Game theory:) 
Slightly more stable is:  punk  proposes that punks 2 - 10 get all the money, and he gets none, if he prefers poverty to death.  Now, why does this
Punk  has set a precedent that improves the share of each of the following
9 cypherpunks by 11% over the 'first 10 split evenly' proposal, to 2.22 million.
In order to justify killing punk  according to the rules, punk  will
have to come up with a proposal that improves his share to more than 2.22 million (because the cypherpunks don't want to kill each other unless there
is more money to be made)
But he can't - there are still 18 other punks left, and he'll still need 9
additional votes on his side to stay alive - and he'll die if he gives less
money to the 'lucky 9' than  proposal, since everyone can see that as
more people die, the total profit available to the remainder will increase.
In other words, if he votes no, he will be forced to offer 2.22 million to
punks 3 - 11, to stay alive, and take no money himself.  He loses by voting
no, so he is a guaranteed yes.
Punk  will consider voting no.  Since there will only be 18 left when he
gets the proposal, he can also propose 2.22 million to punks 3 - 11.  But
a) he can't do better than 2.22 million, and that means that he has to vote
yes, since he doesn't want to kill the other punks, everything else being
Punk 4 is in the exact same situation - with 17 left, he still needs 9 to
win, and voting 2.22 million to punks 4 - 12 won't gain him anything over
voting yes.  So he will vote yes because he doesn't want to kill.
Punk 5 is the first one with a chance at a windfall.  If he bumps off 1 - 4
he can propose 2.5 million for himself and 6-12.   But he is vulnerable to
the same strategy from punk   7 will have no reason to keep  alive, since
that will reduce his profit margin.   will be forced to vote yes to stay
 is in the same situation as number 5, since he can't increase the profit
margin.  He has to vote yes
 is vulnerable to   8 has no advantage, they both vote yes.
 is vulnerable to 11, and 10 has no advantage.  They both vote yes, and
that is it.
John Brothers    Do you have a right not to be offended?

@_date: 1996-08-01 09:31:18
@_author: John Brothers 
@_subject: A Libertine Question 
Speaking as a strong libertarian, I can assure you that Alan Horowitz is
completely off-base.  My gut feeling is that he is trolling this entire
thread, so I will attempt to make my response as civil as possible.
Strong libertarians recognize that my right to walk the street is in no
way superior to anyone elses right to walk the street.   Strong libertarians
recognize that it is not against the law to smell bad, or to have rotten
teeth, or in other ways be un-appealing.  "They have no right to live in Seattle, they should move somewhere they can
afford".   That statement is ridiculous.  No one has a 'right' to live in
a certain place.  In fact, Mr Horowitz, you don't have a right to go to
downtown Seattle and not be accosted by the homeless.   If you don't like
it, move to somewhere the homeless ain't, and don't let the door hit your
ass on the way out.
Apparently Mr. Horowitz is one of the tiresome "legalize everything that doesn't
offend me, ban everything else" libertarians.   Here's a clue to a true libertarian thought process:
    You offend me, Mr. Horowitz.  Your attitude by itself is enough to make
my throat clench in distaste, but the fact that you call yourself a
libertarian is exceptionally galling.  From your e-mail, you show no
understanding of what
it means to be a libertarian, and libertarians are extremely ill-served by your preposterous claims.  But I will defend to the death your right to make
them.  John Brothers    Do you have a right not to be offended?

@_date: 1996-09-08 03:40:36
@_author: John Brothers 
@_subject: Metcalf and Other Net.Fogies 
This whole thing makes me ill - maybe I'm just an idiot.   What could
possibly cause a collapse?   More usage??  No - that would just mean that
everyone's access would be slower.  Do routers fail because they can't talk
to other routers?  no - they route around it.  I consider myself reasonably
educated when it comes to the layout of the internet, and I have never heard
_anyone_ ever say what constitutes a collapse, and, if it means
'catastrophic permanent failure of the Internet', what could possibly cause
These people are acting like one day, something is going to blow up, and
the entire internet will follow, and stay down for a long long time.
If all the DNS servers died, the internet would stop working for non-local
access until they recovered.  If there was a bug in Cisco routers that
was set to go off on Thursday, September 12th, that would render them
inoperable until power cycled, that would cause a major failure.  If
every building in MCI and Sprint's data network blew up, that would cause
a major failure.
If the usage increased so that the Internet was 'saturated', that doesn't
qualify as a collapse.  It qualifies as 'rush hour'.  If the internet was
in 'rush hour' 24 hours a day, it would be unfun to use, but unlike the
highway system, we can add more lanes pretty much at will. (within reason).
Will someone please explain to me what I'm missing?
  John
John Brothers    Do you have a right not to be offended?

@_date: 1996-09-23 06:01:00
@_author: John Brothers 
@_subject: Internet File System? 
The other day, it occurred to me that Java could really take off if there
was some sort of file system.  And, since you can't write to local files
with Java, the obvious solution is to set up the 'fopen, fclose(), etc)
set of functions that are 'rpcs' to some server application on the same
computer as the web server the applet comes from.
Since I never manage to come up with new concepts, I assume someone is already
working on this, or has already created this.  In any case, I've been trying to figure out the best balance of security
characteristics for this sort of system.  I've written something up at
a very high level -- Please let me know what is wrong
with it. 1)  Before any files can be written or read, the applet has to prompt the
    user for a password.   2)  Password is encrypted one-way, and sent to the server.
3)  Server establishes a 'session' (TCP) with the client.  At the point, the
    options are:       -- use SSL to maintain security (probably the best, if available)
     -- providing some sort of encryption, similar to SSL
4)  Server would handle all the traditional file manipulation routines,     possibly with some restrictions (no access to directories, maybe?)
5)  If someone wanted to get a local copy, they would have to ftp to the
    server, and go to the appropriate place to get it.
I can tell this has a couple of weaknesses:
 a) central authority for creating accounts, maintaining users, etc.
 b) server side can view all the files at will.
 b) susceptible to trojan servers
I don't know how to reliably solve a).  If you don't have some sort of central
user admin, you can't avoid denial of service/resource wasting attacks.
b) Could be solved by having the user type in (or cut and paste, etc) their
   entire public key.   They could ftp the encrypted document back, and
   decrypt it with the private key.  This would detect and prevent a lot
   of problems, but dealing with the key would be a bit cumbersome.  c) If the server has to send out some sort of validation code that the
   clients have to accept, it will work ok.  But if the attacker has access
   to the server, they may have access to the java code, and may be able
   to modify it to not perform the validation.
Any ideas ?
  Thanks for your time.
John Brothers    Do you have a right not to be offended?
