
@_date: 1994-04-30 23:29:53
@_author: Richard Johnson 
@_subject: Constitution and Contract [Was: CIA & FBI] 
signoff LEGITIMACY-OF-GOVT-L at toad.com
Sorry, but I didn't know I'd subscribed to an alt.talk.politics-style
or alt.anarchy-style mailing list.  The discussion is interesting, and
the essays erudite, but the topic is not what I was looking for.
Can someone tell me if there's a list around somewhere that cypherpunks
use to discuss the means and mechanisms, and the pros and cons of open
and guerilla crypto?
(for the humor impaired... ;-)

@_date: 1994-05-02 23:45:51
@_author: Richard Johnson 
@_subject: Lobbying/Politics/etc. 
From the keyboard of:  Julietta Must the NSA have an institutional reason?  Perhaps they'll have
concensus problems too.  Never-the-less, if the monitoring capability
is there, it will (100% chance) be used for things like the following:
0) Legitimate suspicion of a crime being committed, or suspicion of
sensitive information being leaked to undesireable parties.
1) Fishing expedition surveillance of 'suspect' groups and
individuals, where 'suspicion' comes from political affiliation,
contacts with foreign nationals, and the like.  Example: the Committee
in Solidarity with the People of El Salvador, a left wing social
activism group, had their offices searched, had their membership
infiltrated, and their communications monitored by the FBI or some
TLA.  There was no evidence of any wrongdoing -- the perceived
association with 'commies' was enough for someone opposed to their
aims to begin the harrassment.
2) Obtaining 'dirt' on political opposition, or simply snooping on
their plans.  Witness our late former President, Richard Nixon and the
Watergate break in.  Some point to quotes he made that show he
believed the president to be above the law.
3) Selling personal data for profit.  Witness the crooked flunkies at
the IRS and elsewhere that illegally sell information about you to
private detectives, credit agencies, and the like.  I am not convinced
that the current Cripple/Crapstone escrow plan will prevent some
crooked cop from selling the keys to a phone or computer, or data
gained from an intercept that should no longer be continuing, after
his or her agency has obtained the key to decipher a wiretap.
The whole NSA, FBI, or the various military intelligence groups don't
have to be in complete organizational agreement for such things to
occur.  All it takes is one person, or a group, with the means and
The total lack of respect for the 'loyal opposition' shown by certain
higher-ups in the NSA gives me little faith in organizational checks
and balances.  It's best to not give anyone the power to make the
walls of our houses transparent, to driftnet for whatever info they
might catch.

@_date: 1994-05-04 11:15:39
@_author: Richard Johnson 
@_subject: Why Digital Cash is Not Being Used 
From the keyboard of:  "Michael V. Caprio Jr." When I don't know what a word means, I grab for a dictionary. :-)
If we're going to implement digital cash, we need to understand at
least the basics of monetary systems, and the terms involved.
Accordingly, the American Heritage Dictionary brings you:
fungible (fun-jih-bull) adj.
  1. Law. Returnable or negotiable in kind or by substitution, as a
  quantity of grain for an equal amount of the same kind of grain.
  2. Interchangeable.
fungible (fun-jih-bull) n.
  Something that is exchangeable or substitutable. Often used in the
  plural. [Medieval Latin fungibilis, from Latin fungh (vice), to
  perform (in place of).]  - fungibility n.

@_date: 1994-05-05 20:22:06
@_author: Richard Johnson 
@_subject: Cypherpunks change bytes! 
From the keyboard of:  greg at ideath.goldenbear.com (Greg Broiles)
Maybe the only 'catch' is legal niceties.  PKP/RSADSI considers non-
RSAREF PGP to be infringing on their patent.  If they allow such use
to continue, without challenging it as they have been doing, it might
cause problems for them in the future.  Some judge might go along with
a contention that PGP was implicitly licensed (but I'm not a lawyer,
thank Grod).
By requiring the keyserver to only support legitimately licensed
versions of PGP, PKP/RSADSI are only doing what they've always done;
enforcing their patent.
Perhaps there doesn't have to be any difference in the format of keys
(other than the version number) for the legal situation to become more
PS - For the humor-impaired, no, I don't have MIT PGP version 2.5 yet.
