
@_date: 1995-12-31 12:23:34
@_author: jonnyx 
@_subject: (NOISE) Re: PLA_gue  Germ Terrorism 
In a recent message, John Young babbled:
< snip >
Think that's fun? How 'bout this: given that the initial "mapping"
phase of the human genome project is nearly complete, and the huge
amount of genetic information available on the net, PLUS ever-
more-powerful-yet-less-costly computers anyone can purchase, just
how long do y'all think it'll be before some nut whips up a bug
that targets, say, people with negroid genetic characteristics?
Or epicanthic folds? Or blonde hair?
Seem kinda far-fetched? The November NUTS & VOLTS has a nifty six page article on garage genetic experimentation (how to convert
that old aquarium into an incubator, culturing techniques, etc.).
They even list souces for equipment AND GERMS. Yes folks, you can
order your very own "E-Z Gene Splicer DNA Recombination and
Transformation Kit" from the good folks at Images Company, POBox
140742, Staten Island NY 10314, (718) 698-8305, $49.95 each,
not recommended for children under 6 (too many parents complaining
about mutated family cats).
Quote from the article: "A word of caution is in order before we
start. Although the materials in the kit are safe, it is important for you to follow simple procedures to keep the experiment controlled
and nonthreatening." No shit. E-coli bacteria (what the kit uses)
aren't pathogens, but still... I guess every budding young white
supremist/right-wing religious nut/genocidal maniac has to start
somewhere. Pleasant dreams.

@_date: 1996-01-01 04:40:18
@_author: jonnyx 
@_subject: (NOISE - LONG) Re: PLA_gue Germ Terrorism 
Crypto relevance: absolutely none!
Good lord, what nasty reactions! Maybe there's hope for us
after all. I'll allow myself one reply. Sorry 'bout the length.
< snip re: my bits on targetting specific genetic traits >
Putting a person on the moon was considered impossible by most
folks 50 years ago. The German v-series rockets were cutting
edge technology. Now licensed hobbyists can buy solid fuel
motors that are just as powerful some of the ones the Nazis had (source: _High Power Rocketry_). Things change.
Good. The article I read that suggested the possibility (I'm
pretty sure it was in _Science_ or _Scientific American_)
was rather spooky. I wish you'd said FLATLY impossible, though.
I'm (obviosly) not a biologist/geneticist/whatever, but aren't there bugs that go after only chimps? And didn't that ebola strain in Virginia only go after the lab monkeys, not the people?
...and from Jim Choate:
< snip >
People will have access to more and better equipment, though.
Heh. Guess they'll have to post extra guards at the Wonder Bread plant, eh? Woudn't want terrorists dosing little Jimmy's lunch.
< interesting stuff snipped >
Which will probably become simplified, streamlined, and cheaper.
Who knows what techniques will be used 20-50 years from now?
Even though (fortunately) it seems that this kind of virus would
be much tougher to produce than I thought (if not impossible), I can still see someone trying it and infecting EVERYONE in his And if it is possible, well, I'd rather have the idea explored and cures developed (with the info available to all) before any
would-be Hitler surprised us. Finally, from E. ALLEN SMITH
Not my idea (I'm not that twisted; I find the idea horrifying). I read the suggestion in either _Science_ or _Scientific American_ (early 1993?). Incidently, the idea was a virus that went after
people with specific racial traits, not a "black-seeking virus". Don't attribute me with quotes that aren't mine. I have enough
problems with idiots who assume I'm a racist KKK country-music
loving redneck simply because I'm from Nashville.
Guess what sunshine, they still teach this in mid- and high-schools.
Hell, even my dictionary sez "race - 1) a division of the human
population distinguished by physical characteristics transmitted
by genes." (Webster's II New Riverside Dictionary, if anyone cares)
Now back to our regularly scheduled crypto (yeah, right).
