
@_date: 1997-12-10 00:01:35
@_author: Jyri Poldre 
@_subject: A little proffessional advice required 
Hello everyone.
Some time (Actually some years) ago there was a discussion about
Cryptographic device being devoloped in Estonia. Well now we have some real
results to share. I will include a short description with some questions.
Hope to hear from you all soon.
As a result of scientific research project a team in Tallinn Technical University has developed a cryptographic processor.  The first phase of the project has been a success. It ended with a prototype and presentation at NORCHIP'97 conference. Now the team is specifying the tasks for second phase of the project. If  you  have  some  time to answer to few questions, we would  be extremely pleased. The data  could help  us to create a real circuit for solving real problems not just one for satisfying academic curiosity :)  The circuit is a programmable modular  arithmetic  calculator  and IDEA block cipher. ALU is 96 bits wide and is shared   between IDEA and modular calculations. The circuit contains RAM for  storing key exchange data, total of 16 registers. Two  of  them are  used   for Internal ALU calculations, 2 for storing expanded IDEA keys and one for several small 32 bit variables  (cycle  counter, upper parts of expanded IDEA  keys,  raw  IDEA  keys, & so  on). Currently modular calculations length is 768 Bits. We have produced  a test circuit and got the following results:
Technology: 		Atmel ES2 1.0um 2 Speed:			20 MHz Modular exponent time:	0.1 Sec ( currently 768 Bits )
IDEA speed		20 Mbit/Sec  All these results are also at:
Now we are designing a new circuit, what should provide some real interest to encrypting devices users.
The obvious things to do with the previous circuit are:
Add Second ALU, RAM, redesign datapath and use faster technology for Longer modular calculations ( 2*768 bits )
Faster exponent using 2 ALUS in parallel and CRT 100 Mbit/sec IDEA speed
In pursuit of perfection we must keep in mind the penalty of silicon area, lower yields, longer devolopment time  and thus higher price.
Question 1:
How much speed would be reasonable enough for both IDEA and modular exponent? Question 2:
The second  question concerns external interface. What  protocol  if any should we include into the circuit? The RS232 strikes as a first possible  solution for smart card applications. Could there be  some other common interfaces that we should consider including   into the circuit?
Tallinn Technical University,
Design and Test laboratory,
IDEXP circuit design team.

@_date: 1998-11-04 01:07:56
@_author: Jyri Poldre 
@_subject: hardware sharing question 
Dear C'punks,
There are many different hardware accelerator devices available for
speeding up the  modmul operation - The nFast and FastMap to name  a few.
I am about to build a new one. This unit should be: 1. Expandable
    A. No harm if exponent is larger than N bits - just slower
    B. As much parralel calculations as possible - add ALU and        get faster results 2. Low cost- keep only the heavy iron in the card - all other is ok    to do using host CPU.
This should also enable to build the device for several applications -
After all I want only to replace a call to some mathemathical subroutine.
To realize it the Residue Number System, with some additional memory seems
like a good choiche. The system will eventually consist of a card with
slots for addtional ALU and RAM modules. You can do away with only one ALU
- tha base kit, but it will consume bus bandwidth. Add memory and you are
free from that limitation. Slow? Add ALU units. But interestingly my main problem is not about cryptography :) I would
like to know, if there are possible other places, where integer
arithmetics could be used. Maybe A world would be a better place with fast
matrix multiplication?
So people. I would very much appreciate, if you could tell me about the
ways we could use this integer calculator for other applications as well.
I will be using RNS, what gives us a lot of multiplications/additions in
parralel. Thank you,
Jyri Poldre,
Tallinn Technical University.
