
@_date: 1998-10-08 20:06:58
@_author: Jeff Penrod 
@_subject: Tea 
Tea in a Whole new Bag
by L. Neil Smith
More and more it seems that nothing can bring this country's politicos and bureaucrats back under control (to the extent they ever were) as the Founding Fathers intended. Bureaucrats are more anonymous and unreachable every year: no matter how incensed we get -- or how many of us get that way -- politicians reelect themselves like clockwork. Though it's all the rage among those concerned with such matters, I've never been satisfied that term limitation won't achieve the opposite of what's intended, removing a final curb on runaway do-goodery and social experimentation. With respect to recent passage of what's supposed to be the 28th Amendment, the most naive American today knows more than James Madison did of the way politicians fix things to suit themselves. They'll override ratification, agree to vote raises for their successors, or simply make their mercenary move early in their terms, in the comforting knowledge that voters will have forgotten what they did by Election Day. It should be clear now that the imposition of Bill Clinton on the productive class -- by 43% of the electorate -- has only made things worse. In an age where half the average person's income already goes to taxes of one kind or another and the other half for goods and services with prices doubled by taxation and doubled again by regulation -- and where bureaucrats represent a greater threat to life, liberty, and property than politicians -- what's needed is something more certain than term limitation and harder to get
around than Madison's schedule for congressional pay hikes. Allow me to introduce the "Taxpayers' Equity Amendment": 1. No elected or appointed official at any level of government may receive more in total salary, benefits, and expenses during his term of office -- or for 5 years afterward -- than his average productive-sector constituent; individuals, and employees of companies deriving more than 10% of their revenue from government will be excluded for purposes of calculating the average. 2. Those subject to the Taxpayers' Equity Amendment will be required to participate in the Social Security system for as long as it continues to exist; all outside income (from a business, inheritance, investments, a spouse's wealth, speaking fees -- to name only a few examples) will be "invested in America" by being placed in randomly-selected savings and loan institutions until the 5-year period expires. 3. Those subject to the Taxpayers' Equity Amendment will be required to file weekly income/expenditure forms for scrutiny by the IRS, the media, and the public; telephone hotlines and lavish rewards for "whistle-blowers" will be provided; all salary and benefits of officials under suspicion of having violated the Taxpayers' Equity Amendment will be suspended pending the
results of any investigation. 4. Violations of the Taxpayers' Equity Amendment will result in summary removal of that official, loss of salary, benefits, expenses -- along with
all deposited monies -- and no fewer than 25 years in that federal maximum security prison currently deemed most violent; introducing, sponsoring, or voting for legislation meant to evade the Taxpayers' Equity Amendment, or to falsify the statistical base on which calculations are made, will be treated as violations. The primary goals of the Taxpayers' Equity Amendment are: (A) to punish politicians and bureaucrats for past, present, and future crimes against the lives, liberties, and property of "We the People of the United States", (B) to make sure their fortunes rise and fall with ours -- so they're forced to scrape along by day by day like the rest of us, one paycheck away from bankruptcy -- and, (C) to give them something better to do with their time than to continually threaten, at our expense, our fundamental rights and well-being. It'll also save taxpayers around $300 billion a year. The Taxpayers' Equity Amendment can begin working now, before it ever passes into law (even if it never does), if it's circulated widely via computer bulletin board networks and other means, appears frequently in magazine and newspaper letter columns, and if it's sent to all your favorite office
holders. Have fun.

@_date: 1998-09-14 22:12:05
@_author: Jeff Penrod 
@_subject: Joe Farah 9/14 
Americans get what they deserve 	
I love America. I love the spacious skies. I love the amber waves of grain, the purple
mountains' majesties and the fruited plains. But what I love most about
America is the God-breathed revolutionary spirit that led its founders to
risk everything in a desperate fight for freedom and a noble effort to
write the greatest Constitution the world has ever known. But something dreadful has happened to that spirit. It's gone. Oh, there's
a small remnant of people who still have it, understand it and live by it.
But, apparently, the vast majority of Americans are clueless about it. They
have no sense of history. They have no connection with their revolutionary
past. They have no idea of how blessed they are to live with the fleeting
legacy of freedom they inherited from George Washington, Thomas Jefferson,
James Madison and our other forefathers who staked their lives, their
fortunes and their sacred honor in a quest for liberty. Americans have
grown fat and lazy, content with their material blessings and ignorant of
their far more important endowment of freedom. It's enough to make you sick. Oh, sure, Americans have lots of scapegoats for their ignorance. They've
been deliberately dumbed down for 30 or more years by government schools
determined to turn them into mindless robots. They have been the victims of
media propaganda designed to deceive them and lead them astray. And for a
generation or more they have been seduced by government plans to instill in
them an ever-greater sense of dependency. But those are excuses. The truth is out there. It's more readily available
to Americans who choose to seek it out than any other people in history.
Americans are just too busy, blind or comfortable to bother searching for
it. Most don't even comprehend the way they are being manipulated -- or
just don't care. In other words, ultimately, they have no one to blame but
themselves. As an example of what I'm talking about, take the latest polls conducted
after the release of the Starr report. Most Americans say President Clinton
is doing a good job and should not resign or be impeached. A CNN/Gallup
poll released the day the report went public on the Internet placed the
president's job approval rating at 62 percent, about where it was before
the report was released. More than half, 58 percent, said Congress should
vote to censure the president for behavior that has eroded the public's
respect for his ethics and truthfulness -- a thoroughly meaningless
gesture, a slap on the wrist with no consequences, the kind of punishment
Bill Clinton awaits more eagerly than the next class of White House interns. Almost 60 percent of those polled said they thought Clinton was fit to be
president. By what standard? That's the trouble. Americans have no
standards -- no unchangeable yardsticks by which they measure right and
wrong, truth from fiction. Now, I don't put much stock in public opinion surveys. They are often
conducted by the same corporate media interests whose agenda is
inextricably tied to bigger and more intrusive government. Nevertheless,
these surveys are at least an indication that our nation is in grave
trouble. What do they tell us? We've lost our moorings -- just as surely as Bill Clinton has. America is
morally, politically, intellectually, spiritually adrift. There are no
anchors aboard. No compasses. The USS America is at the mercy of the winds
and currents, and most on board don't care. As long as the crew is serving
them fine food and entertaining them, the passengers don't give a second
thought to their fate or their ultimate destination. In a way, Americans are getting just what they deserve. Their choice of
leaders reflects their own inadequacies and shortcomings -- their own
cowardice. No wonder they look at Bill Clinton without judgment. To hold him
accountable would mean holding themselves to a standard of accountability.
They like looking up to see a leader who is every bit as dysfunctional,
soulless and lost as themselves. It's comforting, in a perverse way. psychic and material comfort is the only standard by which Americans today
measure their lives, their liberty and their pursuit of happiness. It's not
an easy observation or admission to make, my fellow Americans. But somebody
has to say it. 	
A daily radio broadcast adaptation of Joseph Farah's commentaries can be
heard at
