
@_date: 2003-07-24 08:38:24
@_author: Jack Reed 
@_subject: Jerk with a t-shirt 
References: I live in this area too and this is far different than the one I heard.  The description of events that I heard was that he was bothering *no one*, simply walking around wearing a shirt.  The mall did make that claim but I haven't heard anyone else say he was bothering anyone.  The newspaper story said they mall had one complaint about him, not "many." Also, the subsequent patrons wearing "Give peace a chance" where booted too and they were definitely not bothering anyone.  Only when public pressure came to bear did they relent.
Let's see, you believe you're engaging in protected speech, rent-a-cops come and tell you to stop, and you don't believe you have to. If you're going to lie down if you believe you have a valid argument then that's really weak.
I happen to agree with those who said that since he was on private property the property owners had every right to boot him off. I just think you should do a little more fact-checking before you post.

@_date: 2003-05-13 09:31:31
@_author: Jack Reed 
@_subject: Court will decide if police need warrant for GPS 'tracking' 
The original laws and cases concerning wiretapping predate the case your talking about by quite a bit. California's law concerning intercepting telegraph communications, passed in 1862, made wiretapping illegal before the advent of the telephone. The first Supreme Court case dealing explicitly with wiretapping is Olmstead v. U.S. (1928) where the Court decided that wiretapping was not a trespass. (The reasons for this are to convoluted to go into here.) This precedent held until the late 60's when the Warren Court made two decisions that forced the Feds to implement an actual law that dealt with wiretapping.  The case you're talking about is Katz V. U.S. (1967) where the FBI put a tap on a phone booth without obtaining a court order.  This precedent was important because it held that the Fourth Amendment protected people, rather than places, and that wherever someone has a reasonable expectation of privacy, such as in a closed phone booth, is protected.
The Court decided on essentially the same facts in U.S. v. Knotts when they held that placing a beeper in a drum containing chloroform used in the manufacture of illegal drugs was constitutional because it only extended the legal practice of physically following someone.  I doubt that the Rehnquist court is going to overturn that precedent. There was a case decided in 2001 which held that using a thermal imaging device to detect patterns of heat consistent with growing marijuana indoors was a search and needed a warrant. They do have some qualms about the cops using technology that's not available to the general public but I doubt they'll come up in this case.
The cell phone locator is getting shoved through the back door in the E911 specs to save those people who get stranded in the East River while their drunk or drive off a cliff.  It's all for the good of the people of course.
   Jack Reed
