
@_date: 2015-06-17 14:17:03
@_author: JS733NknRj6J 
@_subject: Russia and China crack Snowden Cache 
Sent from [ProtonMail]( encrypted email based in Switzerland.
-------- Original Message --------
To summarize the problem: the CIA is has about 20.000 employees. Which
is substantially bigger then in the 1950s where they had maybe about
4-5.000. They are an intelligence office. They started out gathering
intelligence, gained intelligence gathering capabilities and now have
capabilities to operate independently to some extent for some years.
It's a somewhat minor point that I believe only supports your main argument, but this is not speaking strictly correct. From its inception in 1947, CIA has had at least two official missions: 1, the collection of intelligence (under what was first called "Office of Special Operations"); 2, "action" (under what was first called "Office of Policy Coordination," & has changed and mutated several times since), the definition and limits of which have always been a huge problem. Essentially, or at least arguably,  allows for military action outside the military chain of command, though not inside the territorial US. This in itself is a holdover from the OSS and other earlier orgs, all of whom had similar mandates, and even from the personnel who were part of those earlier orgs and wanted to continue their fun & games. In many ways it is  that is the real problem, though one could argue that the need for intelligence collection outside the military chain of command is itself debatable (MI6, the "british equivalent" of CIA in most brief descriptions, is part of the British military). At any rate, their official mandate has always been much larger than intelligence gathering. See

@_date: 2015-05-18 12:51:22
@_author: JS733NknRj6J 
@_subject: [cryptome] NYT on Nick Szabo and Bitcoin 
I seem to vaguely remember this profile (or one like it) but can't turn it up myself. Would be very grateful for the link if you do repost it.
- JS7
Sent from [ProtonMail]( encrypted email based in Switzerland.
-------- Original Message --------
Time (GMT): May 18 2015 13:13:12
CC: cypherpunks at cpunks.org, cryptography at metzdowd.com, cryptography at randombit.net
We did a context profile on Satoshi with analysis of intel-based datacenter profiles and certain known paterns from the USSS (Treasury Fincen) crew you like so much at Yale and another specific MI5 ish unit whome you remember from Anguilla. The analysis clustered age and language patterns and identified a very tight range of character and background with institutional intent, then modeled the propaganda influence that gave rise to the BTC trend. The analysis was posted on the forums and pdf, but are missing from search. We will repost the original and add some current profile analysis. In short, the character is a 20s 2-year AS pre-law 1811 (police) with distinct interest in using US/UK and new international law *pyramid scheme policies to take over global legacy datacenters* in criminal forfeiture cases. Another party did a review of law&policy influencers of the same market and similarily isolated the core group. (no need to mention DEA+FINCEN.)
[ nytimes.com/2015/05/17/business/decoding-the-enigma-of-satoshi-nakamoto-and-the-birth-of-bitcoin.html](
Those around cypherpunks 1993-1998 will recall Szabo's emails on
bitcoin early precursors along with Adam Back, Hal Finney, Tim May,
Wei Dai, Lucky Green, Hettinga, many more burgeoning F-Cs. NYT
piece credits cpunks as subversive birther, now being hyper-monetized
by arch-cryptoanarchist Goldman Sachs and many more centralists.
Szabo denies being Satoshi, but ... others rush to fill the gap
