
@_date: 1996-06-23 16:35:20
@_author: Josh Sled 
@_subject: info assembly line, "flits" (long) 
The problem is that all that today is handled through the very complex laws of physics... think about the the number of atoms that are necessary to hold the information for a single page, let alone an entire book...  in a virtual reality "cyberspace", this would be an insurmountable data storage... on the small-scale.
Yes, but you have to go through the same steps in the real world... you just don't see it... it's all handled through physics and the properties of electron repulsion between an object and your fingers (holding something) and light coming from a light-emiting source, being absorbed (in part) by an object and reflected toward your eye, which interpretes it (seeing something).  These are enormously complex tasks, far more so than uuencoding and e-mailing... but we don't recognize it because it's handled for us automagically.
I think the thing that's most important in this sentence is _"move"_ ... this is the main problem for computers... it's SO easy to DUPLICATE information... but near impossible to make sure that you've MOVED it... if it was easy or even possible to MOVE something on a computer, the whole double-spending ecash argument would be kaput, as would the "wiping" a file vs. deleting it... I think that's what you're getting at, rather than the visual metaphor... which could be EASILY created.
Who says that this doesn't exist today?  The file server which I'm on says that there's a file in my "home directory" on "this" machine (skipjack.cs.berkeley.edu) called index.html... and if I went to the computer next to me, it would say that there's a file on the machine hornet.cs.berkeley.edu of the same name... but in reality the file is somewhere within a block of me on the machine cory.eecs.berkeley.edu... it's the same thing, just with a nice visual metaphor slapped on front.
And key to the flit concept is the moving concept that I alluded to earlier... these flits could only exist if A) you had trusted|responsible software that moved them or B) they could ONLY move... like an atom... you cannot copy and atom... and to pull off what you're talking about... you wouldn't be able to copy a flit.
It means that you'd have an INSANELY large ammount of storage for a single small document.
If each flit was, say, a single bit in the document... you'd have almost atomic-like storage for a file... each part of each character would have a revision/tracking history...
But, if you're thinking on the document level... all you'd really need is a good compound-document technology (similar to OpenDoc) with a great revision history (similar to OpenDoc) that not only tracked revisions done by humans... but also revisions and handling done by programs.
Where would all this imformation be stored?  It's far too much for any filesystem or computer or harddrive in existance...
But bits aren't supposed to have context... they're just a state of being... on or off...
But how about another approach... instead of the software spitting out a document... it gives back a combination of a document and the spit-out document... listing what's changed: revision control.
Unfortunately, data IS disconnected... the only thing that makes it connected is what we impose on it by saying that a file stops when the EOF is reached, and in a particular file format, this character means "foo" and that character means "bar", etc... this is what makes data continuous.
But cyberspace is NOT real space... if it was, we'd require computers the size of this planet to store and process eveything.  Cyberspace is a computer-generated space... and computers are far from powerful enough to keep up with what you propose... and I suspect that they will be for a LONG time to come.  I think a computer-generated approach is a lot better.
assembly-line = server program
assembly track = queue based in permenant storage (hard drive, static machine breaks, assembly-line program dies... machine comes back up... assembly-line program starts... continues to process queue on permemant storage... difference?
VERY VERY VERY far...
Well.. that's what i'm saying : "It'll take too much time".  But, considering Moore's law... you may be right... in a universe with "virtually unlimited" computing power, this, and a lot more, would be
