
@_date: 1993-04-16 09:27:24
@_author: Joe Thomas 
@_subject: Proposal for anon chaining 
have set
which will appear
clue that
should say so
the need
Cypherpunk decentralized e-mail, Julf's Yes, this would seem to be the way to do this, and this type of  nested-encrypted routing information is what I was referring to as an  "SASE" in my front-end/back-end anonymous posting design.  There are  some drawbacks, however.
Traffic analysis by watching a remailer's feed, and seeing messages  come in and go back out is much easier, since the message _text_ is  unchanged from one remailer to the next.  In fact, however, such  traffic analysis is not difficult with the present system, since  message lengths can be used to correlate messages going in and out,  and the remailers aren't getting enough traffic to do much internal  "mixing" to avoid obvious FIFO behavior.  The obvious solutions are a  remailing protocol that supports padding out messages to a few  "standard" lengths, and increasing the remailer traffic, perhaps with  dummy messages.
But this doesn't help in the above case, when routing information is  separate from message text, and not known to the sender (except for  the first hop).  One possible solution relies on the fact that each  remailer must know the next hop a message will take.  When the  remailer is forwarding mail with separately encrypted header  information, it will append some random bits to the message, then  encrypt it with the next remailer's public key.  (Note that if the  appending of random bits is skipped, the system provides no security  against traffic analysis, since the adversary can simply try  encrypting incoming messages with various remailers' public keys,  then watch to see if that message comes back out).
I've got some more ambitious ideas for this (encrypted return  addresses as a MIME content-type?), but I think the version outlined  above could be implemented pretty easily, although I admit I haven't  really read through the remailer scripts.  I'll take a crack at it as  soon as I get my Linux box (a couple weeks) if people think it's a  good idea.

@_date: 1993-04-19 10:07:52
@_author: Joe Thomas 
@_subject: CLIPPER: Network World article 
Clinton security plan hints of Big Brother
Clipper Chip would let governemnt eavesdrop on encrypted voice and  data communications.
By Ellen Messmer
Senior Correspondent
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- President Clinton last week announced a policy  review of encryption while endorsing a new encryption technology  called Clipper Chip that would give law enforcement agencies a key to  unlock users' encrypted communications.
[rehash of various press releases deleted]
But government officials had a difficult time last week rebutting the  question why any criminal would use a Clipper Chip-based product when  the person knows the government could listen in, particularly since  there are a host of other encryption products available on the market  that are, in theory, unbreakable codes.
"A criminal probably wouldn't use it," said Mike Agee, marketing  manager for secure products at AT&T, adding that the Clipper Chip is  for the rest of the world.
[familiar Kapor quote deleted]
Nice quote, that.  I like the headline, too.

@_date: 1993-04-19 10:09:58
@_author: Joe Thomas 
@_subject: Article from Knight/Ridder Wire 
Monitoring By
Oh, well, if only Chris can do it, I guess it's okay.  I trust him  with my keys... ;^)

@_date: 1993-03-23 09:09:00
@_author: Joe Thomas 
@_subject: REMAIL: Anon.penet.fi no more 
You probably have seen this already, but it's certainly of relevance  to cypherpunks:
comp.org.eff.talk,news.admin.policy,alt.privacy,alt.sexual.abuse.reco linus.mitre.org!linus!agate!howland.reston.ans.net!usc!elroy.jpl.nasa Postings to
supported for
services have
to create
for almost
problems that
to be
case, a
managed to
abuse of the
really are
forced to
too low
realized this
but the
display of
apologize to the
net" and
and to all
Very sad, rather scary.  Sorry to hear this, Julf.
