
@_date: 2014-01-01 22:38:32
@_author: Juha Nurmi 
@_subject: Replacing corporate search engines with anonymous/decentralized 
Hash: SHA1
I read this post about decentralized search and I immediately
subscribed this mailing list. So hello all! My name is Juha Nurmi and
I am the founder of ahmia.fi (search engine for Tor) and a university
Right now I am trying to get funding to design a decentralized search
engine. We are proposing (me and my Adj.Prof.) a small (2-3 years)
Finnish Academy project.
This proposal would take place in the Finnish Academy ICT 2023
programme, first thematic call: Information security, letters of
intent, which means very short project plans. Academy mostly funds
(public) "pure research"; first planned applications are related to
virtual Internet networks and public admin applications.
The basic idea is to investigate search algorithms and engines that do
not require a centralized crawler database and a central authority.
This raises algorithmic, security, credibility, resourcification, etc.
challenges that are interesting strategic research point of view, etc.
In particular, we would like to use Tor network as a testbed for these
ideas in the related case studies: we will be testing this search
design by building a tor hidden service search engine :)
The Finnish Academy will select most promising project candidates and
the final proposal is to be submitted around April 2014.
If successful, we enter detailed planning phase in early 2014, and
submit more complete project plan by April 2014. Actual project (2
calendar years) would take place in 2014-2016.
I really really hope I will get this funding. This is something I
would love to do and have planned to do a long time. Funding = time.
Juha Nurmi

@_date: 2015-12-08 06:23:52
@_author: Nurmi, Juha 
@_subject: [tor-talk] LeMonde: France To Block Tor 
References: This is a horrible idea and it is not going to work.
Fortunately, Tor gives the user multiple mechanism to fight back. Even
against deep packet inspection (DPI).
