
@_date: 2012-12-18 11:13:52
@_author: Julian Oliver 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Forbes recommends tools for journalists 
Indeed. From 'Securely Destroying Data' chapter in The CryptoParty Handbook
An important note on Solid State Hard Drives
The instructions below explain how to use file deletion tools to securely delete
files from your hard drives. These tools rely on the Operating System you are
using being able to directly address every byte on the hard drive in order to
tell the drive "set byte number X to 0". Unfortunately, due to a number of
advanced technologies used by Solid State Drives (SSDs) such as TRIM, it is not
always possible to ensure with 100% certainty that every part of a file on an
SSD has been erased using the tools below.
Us Linux users with our lovely journaled file systems need to take care:
An important note on Journaled File Systems
Data Journaling is a feature of several modern file systems and presents a risk
to secure data deletion. File-systems of this type include Ext3 and Ext4
(Linux), compressed file systems and RAID-based file systems.
The manual page for the deletion program Wipe says:
No secure deletion program that does filesystem-level calls can sanitize
files on such filesystems, because sensitive data and metadata can be written to
the journal, which cannot be readily accessed. Per-file secure deletion is
better implemented in the operating system.
The manual page for the deletion program Shred says:
CAUTION: Note that shred relies on a very important assumption: that the
file system overwrites data in place. This is the traditional way to do things,
but many modern file system designs do not satisfy this assumption.
The following are examples of file systems on which shred is not effective,
or is not guaranteed to be effective in all file system modes:
        log-structured or journaled file systems, such as those supplied with
        AIX and Solaris (and JFS, ReiserFS, XFS, Ext3, etc.)
        file systems that write redundant data and carry on even if some writes
        fail, such as RAID-based file systems * file systems that make snapshots, such
        as Network Appliance's NFS server
        file systems that cache in temporary locations, such as NFS version 3
        clients
        compressed file systems In the case of ext3 file systems, the above disclaimer applies (and shred is
thus of limited effectiveness) only in data=journal mode, which journals file
data in addition to just metadata. In both the data=ordered (default) and
data=writeback modes, shred works as usual.  Ext3 journaling modes can be
changed by adding the data=something option to the mount options for a
particular file system in the /etc/fstab file, as documented in the mount man
page (man mount).
If you wish to delete data from a journaled file-system on Linux (mounted in
data=journal mode) you should remount it in another mode. To be sure, remount
your disk in Linux in data=ordered mode. See the manual page for the program
mount on your system. Solaris users or those with RAID systems are outside of
the scope of this manual. Please see the relevant documentation and/or research
your special case in order to be sure you are securely deleting your data.

@_date: 2012-12-28 01:56:25
@_author: Julian Oliver 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Travel with notebook habit 
Well, it's not the disk but what's on it. I don't trust closed platforms like OS X or Windows systems. Take what I write
with a grain of salt but here's my general approach on a GNU/Linux system:
First tar up all the documents/files you need at the destination, note the
md5sum and then securely copy them to a server you trust. Then start an sshd
instance on port 443 (https) on the file server, so as to get around standard
filtering on port 22 on the other end. Even some hotels filter against ssh but
none do 443.
Then set up two bootable stock Linux distributions with *full disk encryption*
on fast USB sticks andsetup user accounts. Ensure tsocks, macchanger and Tor
Browser Bundle, ssh, nmap and a few other basics are on the machine. Install Do
Not Track plugin (or similar) alongside a User Agent Switcher. Take the actual
hard disk out of the machine. Put one stick in your pocket and another in your
check-in luggage. Take a few external USB wireless internet adapters with you.
Take the plane/train/car over the border.
On arrival and when you know you have an Internet gateway, plug one of the
sticks in and boot up and get online using the external USB wireless adapter. If
you have a link using Ethernet cable (RJ45) with an onboard Ethernet adapter
then use it but only if you change your MAC address. Use macchanger to do this
like so:
    sudo ifconfig eth0 down # now plug in Ethernet cable
    sudo macchanger -A eth0 # A random hardware address will be assigned
    sudo ifconfig eth0 up
    sudo dhclient eth0
Now securely copy all the files back onto the local machine as a torified
instance (only with tsocks to avoid UDP and DNS leaks) something like so:
    cd
    torify scp -P 443 you at remotehost.net:/path/to/files.tar.gz .
    md5sum files.tar.gz # check it's the real deal against noted md5sum earlier
    tar xvzf files.tar.gz
Avoid using any web services that track you across sites (at the least use Do
Not Track plugins and the like). Change your User Agent in the Torified browser
you use to something ubiquitous like the Android browser (most popular
smartphone by 3x in most countries). Always use SSL when connecting to mail
services and the like.
Before you fly again destroy that USB stick physically (smash with hammer and
then burn). Destroy the USB network adapter you purchased also. Buy another USB
stick, copy from the other stick you have (use 'dd' or 'cpio') and fly.
I'm sure there's a far more user friendly approach that's sane enough out in the
field. One can't expect journalists to learn the CLI (albeit I think anyone that
needs to trust their machine, isolate and mitigate network threats (among
others) ought to!).

@_date: 2012-12-28 09:49:05
@_author: Julian Oliver 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Travel with notebook habit 
This is why I personally think it's wise to carry just a skeleton system over
the border on a bootable USB stick, with full disk encryption.  Once on the
other side of the border, securely download the data required (as I said in last
post). Sticks are easier to throw away/hide and if your laptop is stolen/seized within
the country your data doesn't have to go with it - the stick's in your pocket or
in your sock when walking around. Before you cross the border again the stick
should be physically destroyed. This is better than trusting data deletion. It can be smart to have a stock standard Windows install on the physical
hard-disk that wakes from sleep on lid-open with a picture of you and a dog
laughing in the sunny grass. Invite them to browse around and find nothing.
Never use that Windows install, of course. Boot Debian GNU/Linux or BackTrack
Linux on the stick. I've been extensively questioned at the border on a few occassions over the
years /because/ my laptops don't have a Desktop as such, no icons either. Both
my arms were grabbed at the Australian border as I reached to type 'firefox' in
a terminal, to start the browser in an attempt to show them a normal looking
environment. Terminals at the border are not a good idea.
To avoid the machine being tampered with, invest in a solid state netbook and
super-glue the shell together. It's not a crime.

@_date: 2012-12-31 16:09:14
@_author: Julian Oliver 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Modern FIDONET for net disable countries? 
Some years ago I read an article about an 'offline' mail transport system used
(in India or Pakistan IIRC) that did precisely this. A motorcycle rider wearing
an access point with 1W boosted antenna and a mass storage device pulls up
outside a house in a rural area and waits a designated period while locals
associate with the AP and pull and push email. Email pushed is later delivered
when the driver is in contact with an Internet gateway (probably at the office).
Regrettfully I can't find the article now.
It would be trivial to do this with OpenWRT. You could even serve a simple
webmail interface built atop lighttpd alongside cached news sites and other
services for longer sessions. Many cheap WiFi routers these days run OpenWRT
just fine, take 5v input and run at a very low amperage. Some have a USB port
that supports USB OTG (for mass storage devices like USB sticks, SSDs, etc).
We work a lot with OpenWRT and various SoC wireless router hardware here in
Berlin at Studio Weise7.  This would be a project we'd be very happy to host and
'sprint' over a weekend.  Meshing is something we're very interested in also.  Incidentally I may be developing a project for the city of Derry in Ireland that
deploys low cost weather-proof, solar-powered offline access points (as a
delivery platform for cultural material). If it goes ahead I will be happy to
contribute all my findings, schematics and firmware.

@_date: 2013-01-10 13:19:29
@_author: Julian Oliver 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Google Bows Down To Chinese Government On 
I found the article 'Five Myths about the Chinese Internet' a very useful read,
especially as regards savvy-factor of users. We in the West love to generalise
'the situation' in China but often have little or no idea as to the scale, scope
or dynamics at play. Another reason I find it particularly valuable to be
reading people on this list that are operating there.
The article was walled off at ForeignPolicy.com (ironically) but is available
here in its entirety:
    Five Myths about the Chinese Internet:         "Chinese Internet users are cosmopolitan, educated, and informed. Many use,
    or at least know they can use, circumvention technology like VPNs (Virtual
    Private Networks) to access blocked content."

@_date: 2013-01-13 14:22:46
@_author: Julian Oliver 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Tragic News: Aaron Swartz commits suicide 
For sure there are worse. A librarian cited to be Wiley, Taylor and Francis as
being awful to deal with. Open Access is a great initiative (especially for the
taxpayer that invested in the research!).  Let's hope it's not taken down with
the Research Works Act. In my experience however, as someone working entirely independently of a
university, I find myself up against a JSTOR paywall far more often than any
other.  Quite often research into the authors produces a publicly funded
university behind the paper. Perhaps this was why Aaron chose JSTOR over others
- they are so often what comes between the public and their own desire for
Here's an article in The Atlantic written by a woman in response to her
experience with JSTOR. While researching autism - her son has it - she is met by
a paywall:
    'Locked in the Ivory Tower: Why JSTOR Imprisons Academic Research'
        My experience is akin to a commenter at the base of that article:
"If the public isn't interested, who are the people trying to read those 150
million JSTOR articles a year? I can tell you who they are. People like me and
the person who wrote the article. I graduated from an Ivy League university and
don't work in academia. I read widely and often want to follow up on some
subject I am reading about. I write and want to research a subject I am writing
about. I have relatives who have problems or interests and try to help them. You
gravely underestimate the ability of a non-academic, with a real reason for
researching a subject or interest in it, to acquire expertise. Do you think
academics write Wikipedia?"
