
@_date: 2003-06-19 09:27:19
@_author: John Washburn 
@_subject: [Brinworld] Car's data recorder convicts driver 
A better definition of privacy is:
When Mr. GovernmentAgent or Mrs. BusyBody asks, you have the ABILITY to
say yes, no, or bugger off and they have no recourse in the matter but
to involve magistrates.
This is why the ABILITY to look up the information in the face-scanning,
RFID-tracking, Money Monitoring, GPS, Insurance Service Evaluation
system(s) (government or corporate), is an intuitive affront to most
peoples' intuitive sense of what privacy is.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Tuesday, June 17, 2003 5:48 PM
X-Orig-To: Adam Shostack
Transmitter is easy to find. Receiver is easy to jam with a micropower
jammer. Sometimes all you need could just be creatively tweaking the
ignition and antenna wiring to get "faulty shielding" in the right
it requires much more experience to make it look "accidental", though.
Matter of time. The next generation of sleuths will be much more tech
savvy than the current one.
..eg, in a nameless radio shadow.
Another possible definition is the right to tell the truth and get away
with it.
But both definitions are rather about free speech than about privacy,
then we'd get to a fight over definitions which is in this context
to leave on the shoulders of people making encyclopedias.

@_date: 2003-06-19 12:30:29
@_author: John Washburn 
@_subject: Destroying computers 
Utah is Southern?  I do not want directions from you. :-)
And as an aside why is Southern=Stupid.  Most of the truly dense people
I have met in my life are self-righteous Yankees.  Southerners, by and large, will say "Idda know" instead of spout
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Thursday, June 19, 2003 9:42 AM
A Southern senator.  Need I say more?
Trivial to do, and legal, if they are advised and consent by clicking
M$'s auto bug- / RAMsnooping- reporting is legal since the lUsers
One man's trojan is another's remote control / file sharing program,
Similarly an encryption program that won't decrypt without a license.
I have often considered releasing binaries with a EULA that stipulates
various actions taken if found to be running on machines whose IP
reverse-lookups to an evil, (specified) TLD.  No different than a demo
program that won't save results without a license; if the license is
automatically for non-evil TLDs.  Similarly with M$'s auto posting of
Of course, that astronomy Professor Usher would be pretty bummed when
his research was toasted by an RIAA killbot, but then the Prof employs a
provocatory surname, no?  "Collateral damage" -hey, he could change his
name, after all.  Maybe to David Nelson :-)
If programmers are liable for security flaws in code, are legislators
for unconstitutional laws they pass?

@_date: 2003-11-03 11:38:23
@_author: John Washburn 
@_subject: Chaumian blinding & public voting? 
The Soviet Union and Pre-Invasion II Iraq had voter turnouts of 98+%.
If voter turnout were important the same could be done here.
What is wanted is a high turnout of INTERESTED voters.  Only ballot
choices produce that.  Nevada has consistently higher voter turnout at
all levels than any other state.  Nevada also is the only state with No
Of The Above (NOTA) as a pre-printed ballot option which must be
included in all elections; even the "uncontested" races. I do not think
this is a coincidence.
Unfortunately the NOTA votes are non-binding as is the case in
Australia.  With binding NOTA, if NOTA with there is a new race with new
candidates; none of whom can have appeared on the ballot where NOTA won.
In Nevada, you have the ignominy of being listed as coming in second
behind NOTA.  But, you still get to exercise the levers of political
Still, even Nevada's miniscule expansion of ballot options demonstrated
my point.  Interesting ballots (more candidates or more options) draw
more voters because the pool of interested voters is larger.
Another simple option I would like to see is a star next to the current
office holder. This would slightly offset the staggering advantages of
incumbency. After binding NOTA and incumbency identification, then you can begin to
work on the rigged ballot access game create by the Democrat/Republican
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, October 31, 2003 9:18 PM
Doing this would allow vote buyers to verify a voter voted the way  they
That is one of the main reasons you can't take a copy of your paper
ballot home with you now.
One option might be to give the voter a MAC of their ballot and then
print the MAC's in the paper. The voter could check to see if their vote had been I still think far better methods for improving voter turn out other than
Internet voting are:
1.  A National Election Holiday (but in the middle of the work week so
people can't use it to extend a vacation).
2. Couple the Election with a National Lottery with local, state, and
national prizes. With appropriate delink of voter's identity from the way they
voted of course.
(I'm not claiming that this would actually improve things overall, just increase voter turnout).

@_date: 2003-11-21 16:07:56
@_author: John Washburn 
@_subject: e voting 
I agree.  The paper printout may be unconnected to fraudulent tally
numbers produced later for publication.  This is better than the literal
nothing produced at present.
There is a small chance many voters could use there receipts to counter
fraudulent tally in low-vote ward.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, November 21, 2003 12:12 PM
Quite true.  But given the fact that we don't have that ability *now*,
what exactly is the difference?  Other than streamlining and centralizing the
present distributed corruption?

@_date: 2003-09-23 14:40:06
@_author: John Washburn 
@_subject: Q on associative binary operation 
The term is non-Abelian.  You are deeply confusing the concept of operation and relationship.
Normally this is not a problem. But, if you are going to use the terms
associative and transitive, then you must keep the 2 concepts distinct.
Group theory 101.
First, relationships.  A relationship ~ on the members {a,b,c} of a (possibly infinite) set S
    Reflexive: if a~a for all a in S     Symmetric: if a~b, is true then b~a is true for all a and b in S
    Transitive: if a~b and b~c are true then a~c is true for all a,b,c
in S
An equivalence relationship is a relationship which is Reflexive,
Symmetric and Transitive.  You are denoting an equivalence relationship
with the = symbol.
Second, operations/operators.      An operation (maps/combines/mixes) 1 or more elements of a (possibly
infinite) set S to a single element of S.  The most common types of
operations are:
  Unitary: one element mapped to 1 element. E.g. the negation,
conjugation or exponentiation operations.
  Binary: two elements mapped to 1 element. E.g. addition,
multiplication, subtraction, division, convolution operators.
  More than 2: At this point the operator is generally called a mapping.
A binary, operation, *, can have none, some or all of the following
Closure: For all a and b in S the a*b is also in S
Associative: For all a, b, and c in S the (a*b)*c is equivalent to
    Note the dependence on a relationship to define this property of an
Commutative: For all a and b in S, (a*b) is equivalent to (b*a).      Note again, the dependence on a relationship to define this property
of an operator.
Groups require only 5 things:
  A set of at least one element. (The 1-element group is the trivial
  A single, binary operation which operates on the elements of the set.
  The binary operation is closed.
  The binary operation is associative.
  There exists at least one element, e, of the set (an identity element)
for the operation such that for all a in S e*a=a*e=a. Where = is some
equivalence relation);
If the group, by some chance, has an operator which is also commutative,
the group is Abelian.  If the operation is not commutative, then the group is non-Abelian.
Add an additional commutative, operation (and identity element) and the
group becomes a ring.  If the second operation happens to be invertible
the ring, becomes a field.  See:  for more details.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Thursday, August 28, 2003 2:36 PM
Yeah, kinda bizarre.
There's also an ambiguity that prevents one from saying Q is
associative. Is the table defined for both directions of *? In other words, is the table
meant to imply values for both x*y (ie, left*top) as well as y*x
(top*left)? For most objects x*y will not equal y*x (indeed, one may be undefined as
in the case of matrix multiplication). Anyone remember the group theoretic
term for these kinds of groups?
as a well. considered Enter for your chance to IM with Bon Jovi, Seal, Bow Wow, or Mary J
Blige using MSN Messenger

@_date: 2004-01-14 15:59:35
@_author: John Washburn 
@_subject: Quartering soldiers 
I seem to recall a case where a land owner used the third amendment to
refuse and block rent-free occupation of his land by the Border Patrol.
His land was bounded on the south by the Mexican/US border.
This case (mid-70's)already makes the generalization from military to
agents of the state.
I will try to find the citation.  If found it will be posted.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Wednesday, January 14, 2004 1:45 PM
For this to make sense, we have to interpret Soldier to mean not
just agents of the armed forces (military), it has to mean law-enforcement as well.  I can accept the idea of abstracting the Third beyond humans to software/hardware agents, etc... but I'm
not so sure about the military vs. law enforcement distinction.  Can anyone point me to some founder's writings that may help support the interpretation of Soldier to mean any agent of the Even if we did extend the Third to mean law-enforcement... since
Congress has repeatedly ceded their authority to determine when
the country was "in a time of war" to the Executive, and as such we are now in a perpetual time of war, any quartering has to be
prescribed by law, rather than prohibited outright.  For these
reasons, I have to agree with Tim's earlier referenced post, to
the effect of "the only solutions now available are Technology and Terrorism." their law" quarter I think someone in this case would have a much better argument for
a Fourth amendment violation (unreasonable seizure of their home, albeit temporarily), though probably, today, still unsuccessful in
a court.

@_date: 2004-01-15 09:35:39
@_author: John Washburn 
@_subject: Quartering soldiers 
I was incorrect.  No case has come before the US supreme court on
Quartering.  The case I was remembering was New Mexican case where the
quartering issues were never addressed as part of the dismissal.  So,
the point was raised but the state court decline to consider the
The only federal case is district 2's Engblom v Carey.  That case hinged
on whether Engblom (as a resident of a dorm-like room within the prison)
had sufficient control of the premise to be an "Owner".  The ruling was
maybe Engblom was an Owner maybe he was not. The case was remanded back
to the district court so a trial court could decide the material fact of
whether Engblom was or was not an Owner.
The only state where quartering any agent of the state is expressly
forbidden is Louisiana.  The state constitution states: "No person shall
be quartered in any house without the consent of the owner or lawful
occupant."  This would include all agents of the state (federal, state
or local) as well as any other person quartered by government fiat.
(such as any FEMA refuges quartered at the local private school
gymnasium)  It applies to fee simple owners and tenants.  It covers both
peace time and war.  The only restriction would be the question: "Is a
place of business a "House" for the purposes of the law?"  Fourth
amendment cases (secure in papers, person and house) would seem to
provide the framework that a "House" is more than a residence for
constitutional interpretation.
So I think this means that a person desiring to provide a carnivore-free
ISP should locate the server in Louisiana in a literal house you own or
rent.  But, even then you get to be the guy/gal who gets to litigate the
first case.
See the compressive article on quartering at:
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Wednesday, January 14, 2004 1:45 PM
For this to make sense, we have to interpret Soldier to mean not
just agents of the armed forces (military), it has to mean
law-enforcement as well.  I can accept the idea of abstracting the
Third beyond humans to software/hardware agents, etc... but I'm
not so sure about the military vs. law enforcement distinction.
Can anyone point me to some founder's writings that may help
support the interpretation of Soldier to mean any agent of the
Even if we did extend the Third to mean law-enforcement... since
Congress has repeatedly ceded their authority to determine when
the country was "in a time of war" to the Executive, and as such
we are now in a perpetual time of war, any quartering has to be
prescribed by law, rather than prohibited outright.  For these
reasons, I have to agree with Tim's earlier referenced post, to
the effect of "the only solutions now available are Technology
and Terrorism."
I think someone in this case would have a much better argument for
a Fourth amendment violation (unreasonable seizure of their home,
albeit temporarily), though probably, today, still unsuccessful in
a court.
