
@_date: 1998-12-10 03:52:26
@_author: Wilson, Jamie (J.R. 
@_subject: Encryption for the Masses 
Hash: SHA1
We live in a society where freedom is largely an illusion and where
Big Brother doesn't fear protest by the general population.  In most
cases, simply creating a crisis is enough for individuals to not only
give their liberties up but to actually plead for their liberties to
be taken away in the name of safety and security.  What they don't
realize is that the sheep are begging the wolves to protect them. It's not the militia guy next door that I'm worried about -- he pretty
much tells us what he's up to.  What I'm afraid of is the NSA reading
my email and listening to my phone calls without my knowledge.
So how do we get the masses to realize that we aren't talking about a
potential threat, but are actually already living in a Big Brother
society with very few secrets.  We can continue to bury our heads in
the illusion that we really are free, but we have to ask ourselves
whether we are more free today than we were ten years, five years or
even a year ago.  If the answer is no, then there is a serious
So excusing my rant, my point is that when the average individual
wakes up and realizes that his or her life really is an open book and
that every piece of email sent has been filtered through a computer
somewhere, that every posting to a newsgroup has been archived and
just may pop up and haunt them in the future, when they realize that
the only privacy available to them is the privacy that they claim and
defend then, and only then, will we see a change in crypto policies
around the world.  When the citizenry begins demanding accountability
by elected officials for the privacy that they've sold, for the chains
they've placed on their constituents and for the oaths they have
broken then we'll see the tide change for the better.
Until then, the rest of us will have to wage the fight to protect the
J. Richard Wilson                     -----Original Message-----
Sent: Wednesday, 09 December, 1998 10:26
They say education is power abd naybe they were correct.  I agree with
the fact that more people need to use encryption, the problem (as you
stated) is that people do not understand how to use it, or even know
it exists.  Unfortunate for us, fortunate for big brother.  While the
only way we can counteract this debate is through empowerment, the
question remains, how do you spread the word to up to a million
people, enough to get their interest and keep it, enough to take the
time to teach them how to use the tools.  I work for an IT department
and the users I train rank from intelligent to "where the hell did you
come from?!"  Teaching people who have no want or need is the hardest
part, just ask Christians, they know what it's like.  Our greatest
problems lie within our inability to train and make use of what lies
in front of us, if people don't see the need, then why would they?
  Another point, some people feel that if they have nothing to hide,
then why use it.  An acquaitance of mine has the same stubborn
attitude, what steps do you take to thwart that?  That excuse bothers
me beyond belief, but it is a common thought that if you need to take
the steps to hide something, then it must be wrong.  God help us. . .
Ogre bounces like sonar. . .Peace.
                  Ogre
DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 1998-12-11 22:23:28
@_author: Wilson, Jamie (J.R. 
@_subject: Postcard Debates 
If everyone just encrypted their messages then no suspicions would be raised
regarding the use of encryption.  Most people use envelopes, plain and
simple -- and as a result no one questions what they are hiding.  It's
understood that mail is private and therefore people have a right to seal it
in an envelope and not worry about people tampering with it.  On the same
note, there are federal regulations and penalties (in the U.S. anyway) for
tampering with mail and interrupting the delivery of it.  The same laws
should apply to email.
Jamie R. Wilson                     -----Original Message-----
Sent: Thursday, 10 December, 1998 13:56
No, I would not tape a phone bill check to a postcard. There is the chance for it to fall off.
There is different methods of sending mail for different levels of
security and functionality. Some people make it obvious what is inside
an envelope. (who would not recognize a Christmas card from the
envelope?) Others make it as bland and normal as possible to
have it go by without much notice.
It all depends on how secure you want it. Some things you can do
with what amounts to postcard security.
What amount of security do you want for your email? Would you be
willing to do something extra for that security?
This type of question is up to each person. How much risk is the
person willing to take. Each person has the responsibility to
understand what the risks are and to decide what risks they are
willing to take.

@_date: 1998-12-12 06:51:47
@_author: Wilson, Jamie (J.R. 
@_subject: Postcard Debates 
Back to a previous question: how do we get the public to understand the
concept of an "electronic envelope", the ACLU has created a PDF file that
prints to a brochure format explaining encryption on a level that even the
novice of users can understand.  It is available at
Jamie R. Wilson                     -----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, 11 December, 1998 12:47
Deep. . .mad deep.  I completely agree, does anyone know of any such
laws regarding e-mail?
be raised
seal it
anyway) for
letter to
Ogre bounces like sonar. . .Peace.
                  Ogre
DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 1998-12-14 05:52:04
@_author: Wilson, Jamie (J.R. 
@_subject: Postcard Debates 
The problem with the USPS is that it is government run -- like anything
government run, it doesn't work right.  It's too expensive, too slow, and
too unreliable.  Email, on the other hand, is largely handled by the private
sector.  Hence, it works better.  What I find interesting (in response to your note that the USPS would
charge), is that the U.S. government had to actually pass a law to make sure
the U.S. government doesn't start taxing the Internet.  Jamie R. Wilson                     -----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, 11 December, 1998 20:51
This would open the door for the USPS to charge for each email sent. The same rules? No. Based on those rules, but not the same rules.
The same rules would slow email down considerably also, wouldn't they???

@_date: 1998-12-18 21:46:54
@_author: Wilson, Jamie (J.R. 
@_subject: McAfee PGP 6.0.2 
I downloaded my copy from
Jamie R. Wilson                     -----Original Message-----
Sent: Thursday, 17 December, 1998 18:44
PGP 6.0.2 for free for a limited time.
Where is the free version available?  Neither the McAfee or Network
Associates web sites mentioned this.
