
@_date: 1995-10-08 17:16:13
@_author: Jamie Zawinski 
@_subject: [NOISE] Caution! Netscape 2.0 and Linux 
(I have no idea what this has to do with Cypherpunks, but...)
It wasn't a dumb idea, it was a mistake :-)  We didn't intend to do it.
Even when ELF has taken over the Linux world, we will still be linking
Motif statically because we can't count on everyone having it, and even
if we could, we can't count on everyone having the same version.
And if Motif is static, then the other X libs have to be static, because
all versions of Motif won't interoperate with all versions of Xlib and
Xt.  (In particular, Motif 1.2.4 and X11R6 don't get along.)
If you can prove that "nobody has a.out libraries any more," we will
stop distributing a.out binaries and start distributing ELF binaries.
But we don't have the resources to build and test two Linux binaries,
especially given that we don't sell the Linux version.  So, given that
we're only building one binary, my belief is that everyone will be
able to run an a.out binary, and a much smaller number of people
will be able to run an ELF binary.  If you have numbers, I'd be happy to be proven wrong.

@_date: 1995-10-24 05:19:44
@_author: Jamie Zawinski 
@_subject: Netscape Logic Bomb detailed by IETF 
You're talking about stripping them out *with PostScript code*, which
is obviously a dangerous proposition (but is still possible if you do
it right, and if systemdict is not read-only as it often is.)
If you strip them out by taking the source to the interpreter and
stripping them out there, then the PostScript code can be as malicious
as it likes; if the interpreter has no access to disk file primitives,
it can't read or write files, period.
If you don't have source to your interpreter, or it your interpreter
is deeply intertwingled with your OS or window system, obviously this
will be harder to do.  So in that case, you can run a different, smaller interpreter that you can isolate.  It's not like they aren't
widely available.
Of course, if the hypothetical cracker is going to take advantage of
buffer-overflow bugs in the interpreter to do what they want, then it
doesn't *matter* that it's a PostScript interpreter; at that point, it's just another buggy program.
I think it would be a really good trick to implement disk I/O in
PostScript that will work in an interpreter which didn't provide any
disk I/O routines in systemdict.
Of course it works -- if you know what extensions the interpreter you're
running provides and if you've likewise turned off the dangerous ones.
As has been pointed out to you, repeatedly, we do not ship a PostScript
interpreter, and Netscape does not come configured to *look* for a
PostScript interpreter of any kind.  When you run it off-the-shelf, and
hand it a PostScript file, it says "I've never heard of this.  What do
you want to do with it?"
Just like it would with a perl script.  Or an awk script.  Or an sh
script.  Or a Microsoft Word document.  Or any other program capable
of file I/O or network connections.
The user picks the interpreter they want to hand the document to.
If anyone ignores this advice you keep repeating, it's the user.
Not us.
Stop, I'm getting chills.
I'm sure we all love you too.

@_date: 1995-09-29 16:26:29
@_author: Jamie Zawinski 
@_subject: Netscape hole without .Xauthority (fwd) 
Did you bother to read the spec?  This doesn't matter; if I can
connect to your X server at all, you have already lost.  The spec
(at  contains:
                              SECURITY CONCERNS
Any client which can connect to your X server can control a Netscape
Navigator process running there; authenticating the originator of the
request is beyond the scope of this protocol. It is assumed that the
underlying X security mechanisms will prevent unauthorized people from
accessing your server.
It is important (in general) that everyone be aware of the security
risks associated with allowing unlimited access to your X server.
Regardless of whether you use Netscape Navigator, allowing arbitrary
users and hosts access to your X server is a gaping security hole. If
hostile forces an connect to your server, it is trivially easy for them
to execute arbitrary shell commands as you, read and write any of your
files, and watch every character you type.
Again, this has nothing to do with Netscape Navigator. It is a property
of the X Window System. If you have turned off security on your X server
with the xhost + command, or if you have announced that a host is
``trusted'' by using xhost or by listing that host in your /etc/X0.hosts
file, then you should be aware of the consequences. If this causes
access to be possible from a host which is not, in fact, trusted, then
you have left your doors wide open.
For more information about the security mechanisms one can use with an X
server, consult the manual pages for X(1), Xsecurity(1), xauth(1), and
xhost(1), or talk to your system administrator.

@_date: 1996-08-06 07:59:08
@_author: Jamie Zawinski 
@_subject: SSNs (was Re: Internal Passports) 
[ ...random losers asking for your SSN... ]
Well, it would be nice if it was that easy.  You (legally) need to give
the correct one to anyone who has to make a report about you to the IRS,
right?  Such as your employer.  But it's not always clear who else needs
it.  Is it needed to allow someone to do a credit check on you?  Is it
needed to get a driver's license?  (The fine print on the DMV forms says
"yes".)  Is it necessary to make use of employer-sponsored medical
insurance?  (I suspect that the answer to this one is "no", except for
the fact that when my employer set up my medical insurance they let the
insurance company use my SSN as my insurance-related-ID-number.  But in
any event, my dentist told me, "if you don't give it to us, they won't
I don't like the idea of having a universal ID number, but neither do I
like the idea of having to go to extreme lengths to make the "right
thing" happen for something where my effort will have only moral impact,
not material.
If you already have a SSN, can you get a *new* one in any legal way?
(Sort of the same idea as changing your phone number to avoid
telemarketing scum...)

@_date: 1996-08-08 18:44:08
@_author: Jamie Zawinski 
@_subject: e$: Watching the MacRubble Bounce 
If you accept that, then doesn't that make writing crypto software for
any Unix platform *even more* of a waste of time?  Because last time I
checked, there were way more Macs on mom-and-pop's desks than Unix
machines, counting *all* vendors.
Even if Apple folded *tomorrow*, those machines wouldn't vaporize.
If you put easy-to-use strong crypto on a significant fraction of
those desks six months from now, your work could easily have a lifetime
of a year and a half even in your worst case scenario.
(PS, I haven't used a Mac since 1985, so that's not why I say this.)

@_date: 1996-02-01 19:38:09
@_author: Jamie Zawinski 
@_subject: C'mon, How Hard is it to Write a Virus or Trojan Horse? (was Re: Apology and clarification) 
Well I'm not particularly interested in arguing about this further
(and I suspect this is true of most people reading this too :-))
but my point was: Nathaniel and crew have implemented the easy part (a tiny fraction) of a program which would successfully capture some
large number of credit card numbers.  Nathaniel thinks that what I'm
characterizing as a tiny fraction of the work (the keyboard sniffer and
pattern recogniser) is *most* of the work, and "demonstrates" the
attack.  I said that they have demonstrated nothing without some proof
that combining this with an infection vector would yield the desired
result, because I don't think that infecting some vast number of
credit-card-using computers is any small task; whereas, Nathaniel says
(or at least strongly implies) that it's trivial (or so close to trivial
that it can be taken as a given.)
Nathaniel said:
It's far from clear that you need to do something unethical or illegal
to prove that coupling it with an infection vector would be effective.
For example, you would no doubt agree that evesdropping on some
unsuspecting user's transaction on an exportably-crippled SSL connection
would be immoral.  But it wasn't necessary to do anything immoral to
demonstrate conclusively that such an attack was possible.  It just
required a little creativity, and a lack of handwaving.
Of course not.  You don't have to actually break it to show that it's
Of course, you *do* have to show the likelyhood of success and effort
required to pull it off as well before it's interesting at all, whether
it's theoretically possible or not.

@_date: 1996-02-02 01:57:27
@_author: Jamie Zawinski 
@_subject: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit Cards 
I'll bet they could get a patent on it...  There's probably some
money to be made with that approach.

@_date: 1996-01-16 15:12:29
@_author: Jamie Zawinski 
@_subject: (none) [httpd finding your identity] 
Something that a lot of people don't realize is that the HTTP referrer
field is only sent when you've actually clicked on a link -- it does
not just give away the last page you happened to be looking at, it only
gives away pages that actually refer to the one you're going to.  So if
you're concerned about leaving a trail to a particular page, you can go
there by pasting the URL into the Location field, or via a bookmark
(menu item, not page), etc.
Very, very early betas of Netscape (around 0.6 or so, I think) did give
away whatever the previous page was, and I think old versions of Mosaic
did so as well.

@_date: 1996-01-25 17:49:32
@_author: Jamie Zawinski 
@_subject: Crippled Notes export encryption 
But that's exactly the point: they can ban whatever they like, because
they refuse to tell you the rules.  You show them the code, and they say
"yes" or "no" without sharing with you their reasoning.  And their
reasoning can change at any time, and can be based on any number of
factors which you might consider unfair.
Logic and fairness have no place in this, because "National Security" is
the root password to the Constitution.

@_date: 1996-01-31 04:12:16
@_author: Jamie Zawinski 
@_subject: Apology and clarification 
You have done no such thing.  You have written *one component* of that
attack, and the easiest part of it at that.
Combine it with a virus, or self-replicating worm, and demonstrate that
it is immune to all known virus checkers, and *then* you will have
spoken the truth when you say you have "demonstrated" anything.
Heck, combine it with a screensaver as a trojan horse *and* collect a
few hundred credit card numbers and *then* you will have demonstrated
You've demonstrated nothing but your ability to write press releases,
and print out some messages when fully-cooperating users submit to your
You may think this is nitpicking, but the fact is, you're assuming that
the implicit cooperation of some vast number of users in running your
program is easy to obtain.  I disagree with this assumption.  If this
assumption were true, then viruses would be a much bigger problem than
the mere annoyance that they are today.
This is the same kind of vaccuous reasoning that leads to things like
the "concryption" patent.  You have invented nothing.  You've combined
the painfully obvious and written a fearmongering rant about it.
*Computers* provide a path to large-scale fraud.  So does the printing
press.  So does the telephone, and the postal system.  So what.  You
still haven't proven that it's easy.
With as much work as you've put into this, someone could write a
Microsoft Word document which when opened, would start dumping the
contents of your hard disk into the mail.  The knee-jerk moral to *that* is to never store non-public information
on a computer that has a network connected to it.
However, reasonable people assess that risk, and decide to do it anyway,
because the benefits outweigh the risk.
Come now, right off the bat you know that no assertion taking that form
can be *dis*proven.
It's not a matter of possibility.  It's a matter of probability, and
risk management.  It's unlikely enough that I'm not afraid of using my
credit card on the net.  Tell me my credit card number, and I'll change
my mind.
All a banker needs to know is the amount of risk associated with the
thing in which they are investing; they don't need to know how keyboard
sniffers work.  I don't believe you've demonstrated anything that
changes the risk model that they have presumably already gotten from
their flock of experts who they no doubt employed before investing in
the net (experts who also no doubt know all about how viruses work,
thank you very much.)
