
@_date: 1994-08-02 08:27:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Steganography (Was Re: What kind of encryption to incorporate?) 
Responding to msg by a.brown at nexor.co.uk (Andrew Brown) on Tue, 2 Aug  9:55 AM
Some features of CAD programs such as AutoCad may be useful for Want to discuss here or by e-mail?
Caution:  I'm crypto impaired, but quite devious advantaged.

@_date: 1994-08-02 15:01:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Children and the Net 
Responding to msg by cactus at bibliob.slip.netcom.com ("L. Todd Masco") on Tue, 2 Aug  1:5  PM
Along with post-massacre spin on the slaughter to teach lasting fear of the killers beyond the event:  don't fuck with us, obey or die.
Captives an be terrorized into adoration of their captors, whether kids, soldiers or citizens, and propaganda is an uncontrolled munition.

@_date: 1994-08-03 08:56:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Steganography by CAD 
Responding to msg by a.brown at nexor.co.uk (Andrew Brown) on Wed, 3 Aug  1:17 PM
Features for concealment of plain or cyphertext by CAD 1.  Plain or cyphertext can be imported by each letter, by sentence, by block of text; then manipulated by the CAD program as one or multiple concealed CAD entities.
2.  Text manipulation includes:
    Reduce to any scale.
    Place on hidden layers.
    Hide by other entities.
    Distort to a variety of shapes.
    And otherwise disfigure the text into non-recognizable 3.  In addition, there are a host of CAD-features for further, multiple, transformations of the text, including algorithmic 4.  Subsequent manipulation of the CAD document may include exporting to other proprietary and generic CAD formats.
5.  CAD document may then be transmitted plain (in the selected CAD format) or encrypted for transmission.
6.  The recipient uses a CAD program (and decryption program if needed) to restore the concealed text to its original encrypted form.  It is exported to the original encryption program for decryption. 7.  Caveat 1:  While this manipulation will be invisible or camouflaged in the CAD document the underlying code of the program will provide clues.  However, it should be possible to encrypt these clues.
8.  Caveat 2:  Sender and recipient will need to exchange protocols, by encrypted transmission probably, for restoring the concealed text.
9.  Caveat 3:  This is not elegant and requires little or no crypto competency.  But it can be easily done by a CAD operator to help conceal sophisticated crypto.
John, an architect of the building codes domain.

@_date: 1994-08-04 07:40:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US Postal Public Key 
The list Cyberia posted an article yesterday on the US Postal Service's plan to use a public key system for email. If anyone wants the full posting, email me; it's about 25K.
Below are excerpts:
Quebec City, Canada, August 3, 1994--The U.S. Postal Service dramatically increased its commitment to the security of
communications on the NII, with the announcement of Postal
Electronic Commerce Services ("Postal ECS"), which will offer a
nationwide public key certification service for the of digital signatures used in paperless electronic commerce.   Richard Rothwell, Senior Director of Technology Integration for USPS, officially released the news today in Quebec City, in a delivered to an international working group of the Information
Security Committee of the American Bar Association's Section of
Science and Technology, which has been developing guidelines public key certification authorities. [Speech is all in uppercase]
* * *
AS MANY EXPERTS HAVE NOTED, INCLUDING MANY OF YOU IN THIS
ROOM, DIGITAL FILES AS A RULE ARE NEITHER AS SECURE NOR AS
ELECTRONIC COMMERCE CONVEYS.  BUT WITHOUT SOME METHOD OF A DIGITAL FILE TO ESTABLISH ITS CONTENTS, AUTHOR, AND TIME OF
TRANSMITTAL, THE BENEFITS OF ELECTRONIC COMMERCE WILL BE LIMITED TO HIGHLY STRUCTURED TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN PARTIES KNOW AND TRUST ONE ANOTHER.
* * *
THE POSTAL SERVICE IS USING PUBLIC KEY ENCRYPTION TECHNOLOGY, RELATED TECHNOLOGIES, TO DEVELOP A PUBLIC KEY CERTIFICATION
AUTHORITY AND A SET OF ASSOCIATED TRUSTED THIRD PARTY SERVICES
WHICH WE CALL POSTAL ELECTRONIC COMMERCE SERVICES (POSTAL ECS). WHEN INITIALLY DEPLOYED, POSTAL ECS WILL PROVIDE A BASIS FOR
ELECTRONIC ASSURANCES WITHIN AND AMONG GOVERNMENT AGENCIES, AND
BETWEEN GOVERNMENT AGENCIES AND THEIR CONSTITUENTS.  IN
PARTICULAR, THE POSTAL SERVICE HAS DEVELOPED THE ABILITY TO:
         ISSUE PUBLIC KEY CERTIFICATES AND STORE THEM IN A
          PUBLIC DIRECTORY;          PROVIDE FOR THE "SEALING" OF SELECTED DOCUMENTS OR
          OTHER ELECTRONIC OBJECTS AND ASSOCIATING THEM WITH A
          DIGITAL SIGNATURE AND A TRUSTED TIME AND DATE STAMP;
         PROVIDE SERVICES FOR PUBLIC KEY CERTIFICATE           AND REVOCATION; AND,          PROVIDE THE ABILITY TO ENCRYPT CONFIDENTIAL           MOVING BETWEEN THE USER ENVIRONMENT AND THE POSTAL           MANAGEMENT SYSTEM.
         FINALLY, PROVIDE NEAR REAL-TIME ACCESS TO           AND THEIR STATUS.
THE CERTIFICATION AUTHORITY WILL ISSUE AND MANAGE X.509 PUBLIC
KEY CERTIFICATES CONTAINING A PERSON'S X.500 DISTINGUISHED PUBLIC KEY, AND OTHER IDENTIFYING INFORMATION.  USERS CAN THEN
RETRIEVE A CERTIFICATE FROM THE POSTAL SERVICE, AND USE ITS
PUBLIC KEY TO AUTHENTICATE A DIGITAL SIGNATURE GENERATED BY THE
COMPLEMENTARY PRIVATE KEY.  * * *
THESE USER AGENTS CONTAIN STANDARD PROGRAMMING INTERFACES THAT
LINK USER APPLICATIONS, CRYPTOGRAPHIC ROUTINES, AND ECS TOGETHER.  OUR INITIAL IMPLEMENTATION IS BASED ON THE DIGITAL
SIGNATURE STANDARD (DSS) ALGORITHM SET; BUT OUR PLAN IS TO
SUPPORT OTHER CRYPTOGRAPHIC OPTIONS SUCH AS RSA IN THE NEAR
FUTURE. * * *
IN KEEPING WITH THE PHILOSOPHY I HAVE ARTICULATED, LET ME SAY
THAT THE POSTAL SERVICE, IN ANY DEVELOPMENT OF THESE PRODUCTS,
INTENDS TO SUPPORT MULTIPLE CRYPTOGRAPHIC PRODUCTS IN THE PLACE.  IN ADDITION, WE WILL NOT COMPETE WITH NETWORK SERVICE
PROVIDERS, NOR WILL WE BECOME A NETWORK OR CARRIER.
* * *
End Quote.

@_date: 1994-08-09 05:50:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NRO spoof & Wiretapping Bill 
Responding to msg by paul at hawksbill.sprintmrn.com (Paul Ferguson) on Tue, 9 Aug  6:56 AM
The NY Times today also reports on the controversial NRO Another long article reports on the wiretapping bill.
One quote:
"I'm not a great fan of wiretapping," said Rep. Don Edwards, who is a former FBI agent and is viewed by many as a sort of civil-rights sentry over the bureau.  "But it's legal and we have to take care of it. . . . I don't think there will be objections except perhaps from purists who don't like the idea of Government listening in on conversations."
End quote.

@_date: 1994-08-11 16:59:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: (Fwd) Computer Privacy Debate Coming To ZiffNet 08/11/94 
Forwarding mail by: newsbytes at clarinet.com (NB-WAS) on 11 Aug 94 BOSTON, MASS., U.S.A., 1994 AUG 11 (NB) -- ZiffNet, the online  service of Ziff-Davis Publishing Co., will host a week-long  debate on computer private issues, beginning August 15.
Ziff spokeswoman Lisa Landa told Newsbytes the panelists will  include: James Fallows, Washington editor of the Atlantic Monthly; Jim Bidzos of the encryption firm RSA; Doug Miller of  the Software Publishers Association; and Rebecca Gould of the  Business Software Alliance. Sam Whitmore, editorial director of  PC Week, will host the event.
Much of the electronic discussion will be about encryption,  given the attention this subject has been getting. There is  also likely to be a discussion of the Clinton administration  electronic wiretap bill and the links between encryption,  privacy and the information highway. "For the successful  implementation of a global information infrastructure, these  issues will need to be debated and, ultimately, resolved," said  BSA's Gould.
(Kennedy Maize/19940811/Contact: Lisa Landa, Ziffnet,  tel 617-252-5211; Kim Willard, BSA, tel 202-872-5500)

@_date: 1994-08-12 05:47:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NY Times on e$ 
The NY Times today reports on "the first retail transaction on the Internet using a readily available version of powerful data encryption software designed to guarantee privacy."
"Even if the NSA was listening in, they couldn't get his credit card number," said Daniel M. Kohn, the 21-year-old chief executive of the Net Market Company of Nashua, N.H.
* * * *
The data encryption program is called PGP. . .
* * * *
"I think it's an important step in pioneering this work, but later on we'll probably see more exciting things in the way of digital cash," said Philip Z. Zimmermann . . .
In other words, [e$] are packets of worth that have value in cyberspace, the same way dollars have value in the real world, except that they have the properties of anonymity, privacy, and untraceability.  Many details remained to be worked out, Mr. Zimmermann said.
End quotes.
Includes discussion of net security and encryption.
See Business Section, pp. D1, D2.  AOL offers access to NY Anyone who wants a copy email me.

@_date: 1994-08-12 07:46:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crime Bill FAILED, so too DTA? 
Pat Farrell says:
Maybe not.  NY Times reports today that industry tells Congress that cost will be far greater than FBI says, and that big subsidies will be needed.
Quote:  The FBI Director, Louis J. Freeh, agreed that it would be "very, very difficult" to estimate costs.  "But I certainly know what the cost of not proceeding will be in terms of crime and destruction," he added.  End quote.
Cost could be the Achilles heel of the bill.
Taxpayers arise, sayeth T. May; and cypherpunks write good

@_date: 1994-08-13 08:19:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RemailNet 
Responding to msg by nobody at kaiwan.com (Anonymous) on Sat, 13 Aug  8:2  AM
According to published reports, such as Bamford's "Puzzle Palace", NSA does not have a "charter", in part because the originators intent to avoid limitations on operations.  The CIA has a charter like you suggest.
If you have a public reference on *any* limitation of NSA's operations please post here or send by email.

@_date: 1994-08-15 16:22:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: HOPE 
Responding to msg by adam at bwh.harvard.edu (Adam Shostack) on Mon, 15 Aug  5:41 PM
Thanks for the report Adam.
If anyone wants the NY Times light-hearted article on HOPE today email me.

@_date: 1994-08-16 07:39:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: (Fwd)PHONOSTENOGRAPHY 
Forwarding mail by: Sergey at vesson.msk.su ("Sergey V. Mineev") from list INGRAFIX.    End Forward (misspellings in original).
* * * * *
Anyone know if this is legitimate or spoof?

@_date: 1994-08-16 10:38:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
Responding to msg by mpd at netcom.com (Mike Duvos) on Tue, 16 Aug  9:21 AM
However, NY Times Monday reported in long front-page article on spread of digitized forged checks, including dupe of magnetic "The proliferation of desktop publishing has brought a new growth industry, the counterfeiting of virtually undetectable fraudulent checks, and banks and law enforcement officials say the cost to the economy could reach $1 billion this year.
* * *
The American Banking Association says [this] is the No. 1 crime problem facing banks.
* * *
It is much easier counterfeiting checks than cash."
End quotes.
Says center of activity is California but has spread to all parts of the US.
My standard pitiful offer to send this article upon email

@_date: 1994-08-16 18:33:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: # of Real Tim Mays, RTM (r) 
Responding to msg by ravage at bga.com (Jim choate) on Tue, 16 Aug 12:57 PM
Zero RTM (r) in Manhattan.  Maybe more encrypted; only 60% here

@_date: 1994-08-18 09:27:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Utlimate spying machine 
John Markoff writes in today's NYT about NSA's contract with Cray Computer Corporation for development of "ultimate spying machine", p. D3.
May be related to full-page coverage today on threat of uncontrolled Russian nuclear material and another article about Energy Department's denial that the issue is being pumped for funding reasons.

@_date: 1994-08-18 14:24:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Spy Machine and DES 
Responding to msg by pcw at access.digex.net (Peter Wayner) on Thu, 18 Aug  4:41 PM
Thanks for posting your thoughts on this.
A small note:  The NY Times article today said that NSA will contribute $4.2 million toward *development*, along with $400,000 in software-consulting services, while Cray will invest another $4.8 million.  Thus the overall cost, after full development, may be more than you assumed in your calculations and thus the power may be more.
But, as the story said, Cray will need more than this initial contract to survive, so the machine may never be completed.

@_date: 1994-08-18 15:53:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Are \"they\" really the enemy? 
Responding to msg by jdd at aiki.demon.co.uk (Jim Dixon) on Thu, 18 Aug  4:46 PM
Jim (and other respondents),
These discussions are pretty invigorating and I look forward to reading them.
Just want to say to Jim that the following remarks of yours made about someone's earnest thoughts:
Might be applied to your own later comments:
This rhetorical ploy comes across as an apology for the status quo and seems to offer counter-revolutionary cant instead of your best arguments for making rational, evolutional improvements to our inheritance.
My preference is for hard-wrought and hard-fought prickly specifics to easy, dreamy generalizations.  Even though both enrich the brew.
If this topic does not get blown off this list I would like to offer some specifics responses to your good stuff.
What say, c'punks, is this topic okay here?  Tim?  Anybody?

@_date: 1994-08-18 16:41:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA spy machine 
Tim posted a few days ago:
I was intrigued by this disappearance, so I sent an e-mail message to  Gunter Ahrendt. Through the joys of time zones, my message this evening was  answered within minutes, from He told me the NSA machine remains, though it has been renamed, has been  put under another site, and its performance rating has been recalculated  based on a new metric. Gunter's latest report (in comp.sys.super) explains  the new metric.
Grepping for the name "SMPP," here's where I found it:
58) 16.46 - (APR-1994) [SRC]
        Supercomputing Research Center,Bowie,Maryland,US,root at super.org
        1) Cray 3/4-128 [-4Q96]           11.46?
        2) SRC Terasys                  ~  5
        3) SRC SMPP-4/2M [+4Q96]         503.33?
This is also very intriguing. The machine formerly called the "NSA  SMPP-2/2M" and expected to be located at NSA Central Security Service, is  now to be located in nearby Bowie at the Supercomputing Research Center.
End Tim ----------------------------
The NY Times says (in a business report):
"The new Cray computer will be a hybrid design called the Cray 3/Super Scalable System.  It will link two supercomputer processors with an array of chips containing half a million inexpensive processors that were designed by a Government laboratory connected with the NSA.
* * *
The Cray 3 supercomputer, two years late to market when it appeared last year, has not yet found a customer, and Cray executives said they were pinning their hopes for survival on the Cray 4, due to be completed in the first quarter of next End Times ----------------------------
Does Gunter's "Cray 3/4" = hybrid design as Tim suggests today?
How do the numbers compare to Peter's?
On another point, then, does today's contract report merely tell an out-of-date story, and if so, why?
A way to keep Cray afloat?  If so, why not Thinking Machines?
Mr. Cray has been a loyal NSA supplier for many years, perhaps this is for his well-earned retirement.  Okay by me.  Maybe then he can afford to share all his supercomp secrets.

@_date: 1994-08-18 17:07:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA spy machine (correction) 
Hold on, I misquoted Tim's suggestion on the SMPP in my earlier This corrects it.
Tim posted a few days ago:
I was intrigued by this disappearance, so I sent an e-mail message to  Gunter Ahrendt. Through the joys of time zones, my message this evening was  answered within minutes, from He told me the NSA machine remains, though it has been renamed, has been  put under another site, and its performance rating has been recalculated  based on a new metric. Gunter's latest report (in comp.sys.super) explains  the new metric.
Grepping for the name "SMPP," here's where I found it:
58) 16.46 - (APR-1994) [SRC]
        Supercomputing Research Center,Bowie,Maryland,US,root at super.org
        1) Cray 3/4-128 [-4Q96]           11.46?
        2) SRC Terasys                  ~  5
        3) SRC SMPP-4/2M [+4Q96]         503.33?
This is also very intriguing. The machine formerly called the "NSA  SMPP-2/2M" and expected to be located at NSA Central Security Service, is  now to be located in nearby Bowie at the Supercomputing Research Center.
End Tim ----------------------------
The NY Times says (in a business report):
"The new Cray computer will be a hybrid design called the Cray 3/Super Scalable System.  It will link two supercomputer processors with an array of chips containing half a million inexpensive processors that were designed by a Government laboratory connected with the NSA.
* * *
The Cray 3 supercomputer, two years late to market when it appeared last year, has not yet found a customer, and Cray executives said they were pinning their hopes for survival on the Cray 4, due to be completed in the first quarter of next End Times ----------------------------
Does Gunter's "SRC SMPP-4/2M" = "hybrid design" as Tim suggests How do the numbers compare to Peter's?
On another point, then, does today's contract report merely tell an out-of-date story, and if so, why?
A way to keep Cray afloat?  If so, why not Thinking Machines?
Mr. Cray has been a loyal NSA supplier for many years, perhaps this is for his well-earned retirement.  Okay by me.  Maybe then he can afford to share all his supercomp secrets.

@_date: 1994-08-18 17:34:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Are \\"they\\" really the enemy? 
Responding to msg by tcmay at netcom.com (Timothy C. May) on Thu, 18 Aug  4:41 PM
Yep, this is what I want also but need participation by others so I don't stick out too much and get Dixon-ized by Perry, or, bless him, Nzook-ized by Graham.
Just see what happens when I post shortly.

@_date: 1994-08-19 08:03:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: \"they\" and Real Bullets 
The c'punks vote on continuing the "they" topic:
1 yes
1 maybe
1 no
2^512,000 plonks
The "plonks" have it, but to hell with them.
Responding to msg by wcs at anchor.ho.att.com (bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204) on Thu, 18 Aug  8:46 PM
Bill's suggestion about obscurity through strong crypto as a defense against real bullets is a provocative version of "the pen is mightier than the sword" homily.
That rephrasing of the topic seems to be a good way to mix software and hardware issues that originated the "they" topic.
Is it possible for mind stuff and its gadgets to beat the tools of physical violence?  It seems that is what this list is Jim Dixon's elegant disquisition (and that of other respondents) on the rise and fall of governments is less persuasive than his (and others') remarks, say, on the NSA spy machine where he (and they) shows nitty-gritty expertise.
I vote for the nit-grit as more pertinent to Hal's "real bullets" problem.  Sorry, but geo-political bullshit apologizes for real killers of all political bent, in power or out.
Geo-pol is overdone by talking heads who sound numbingly alike.  The distincitive sound of crypto and techno stuff is what charms here, because it's rarely heard in public venues.
We got to take responsibility for our individual actions, day by day, and resist the delusionary temptation of hallucinating on great problems to mask our daily marginalization.

@_date: 1994-08-20 08:09:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ccc  [alt.suicide.holiday #18856] 
Responding to C.A.N. forward by solman at MIT.EDU () on Sat, 20 Aug  2:33 AM
CAN aptly decrypts NY Times print this week of a slow-August thriller-filler series (100 GB +/-), a dutiful, lurid, titillating, klaxon series on need to "do something" about WGM JX

@_date: 1994-08-21 07:33:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Voluntary Governments? 
Responding to msg by solman at MIT.EDU (Jason W Solinsky) on Sun, 21 Aug  4:48 AM
There's a thread on the (legal) list Cyberia-L  about the privacy of government information and how to legislate the rising demand for this data (and parallel 'Net info).
The initial post of the thread is e-mailed your way.
Behold the legal mill of a "nation of laws" finely grinding an issue.  Nitty-gritty skill.
The apparatus to legislate, arbitrate and enforce laws of "voluntary government" will probably require as many bureaucrats, attorneys and LEAs as the present system unless there is a reduction in our dependence upon governments of all But, as Jim Dixon says, the blame-government adrenalin high is uniformly distributed.
Something like the DOD's military conversion fund might be needed to cure our addiction to government and help us get used to the pastoral bovinity of voluntary associations.

@_date: 1994-08-22 08:17:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Future NSA spy machine 
Responding to msg by ianf at simple.sydney.sgi.com ("Ian Farquhar") on Mon, 22 Aug  9:38 AM
Not asking for state or trade "secrets" but:
1.  Is MIPS new "supercomputer" R8000 in the running as array elements for super-supercomputers?
2.  Who is in the offing to succeed Cray and others as NSA's grateful suppliers?
3.  Will there be more on-base hardware and software production, a "circling of the wagons" as crypto becomes more 4.  And, thus, an even sharper (and more secret and competitive) line between governmental and commercial crypto hardware and code?
5.  Who is NSA (or other TLAs) underwriting as lesser known SRCs, not-for- or for-profit?  This is an update on where the jobs are for the "finest mathematicians" other than TLAs.
6.  Is NSA (like CIA and NRO) bifurcating into an even more super-supersecret arm and another friendly, public one in response to wider use of crypto and ostensible pressure from the likes of Senators Moynihan and Kerrey?  (And the recent RSA to-dos, murder threat, PKP lawsuit, are ploys.)
FYI, zero, hopefully minus, security clearance here.

@_date: 1994-08-22 09:07:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Snore while they snoop 
Responding to msg by solman at MIT.EDU (Jason W Solinsky) on Mon, 22 Aug  1:42 AM
Tim says:
You say:
NY Times wrote yesterday on "metering" of software usage by soft and hard means.  This type of monitoring could easily, Clipperly, "1984"-ishly, record and report on other activities of the user.  Recall alarms here recently about covert features of operating systems.  Harmless looking hard devices may hide even more monitoring features, steganographically (my bag).

@_date: 1994-08-23 09:23:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Nuclear Weapons Material 
Responding to msg by perry at imsi.com ("Perry E. Metzger") on Tue, 23 Aug  9:18 AM
Hey, that's what commercializing the national security treasure is all about.
Ignorance is essential for the market in nuclear "terrorism".  The staid NY Times headlined a summary of this topic with "Call 1-800-TERROR".  The unknown threat is the weapon.  Intelligence is the magic shield.
The National Resources Defense Council pointed out in an execellent series on nuclear weapons a few years back that it is impossible to make an accurate count of nuclear devices because every country dissembles even while leaking data to sow fear.  Even now, says NRDC, the need is for a reliable way to count so the fictitious can be separated from the real.
Lack of precision, ignorance, thank you Perry, helps market fake as well as real nuclear material, just like any other market-driven exotic product (supercomputers?).  Recent reports describe the Russian nuclear materials managers proffering their real and Potemkin cache for buy-out to the most gullible deep-pockets, governments.
And so goes pumping this lucrative market, and its concomitant market of intelligence, now commercial where once affairs of state.  More national security legislation, more powerful computers, more money for salesmen (er, agents).
Ignorance drives this market, always has; starting some forty years ago with George Kennan's lurid 'X' essay on containment.  Jim Dixon, help out with gritty facts.

@_date: 1994-08-24 05:29:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Actually using strong crypto on a routine basis. 
Responding to msg by jkreznar at ininx.com (John E. Kreznar) on Wed, 24 Aug  4:30 AM
No.  Tim says:
Don't do what I do, do what I say.
Do your homework.
Clean your room.
You embarass me.
Get a job.
Get a haircut.
Get a life.
Don't talk back.
When I was your age . . .
Listen to me . . .
Shut the fuck up.
I'm sorry, I love you.
Every parent of rambunctious kids talks like this.

@_date: 1994-08-24 06:22:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Pentium pitch 
NY Times sez:
Intel will pitch the Pentium chip on comedy shows like "Saturday Night Live" and "Frasier."  The challenge of the new campaign will be to talk about technology without having viewers laugh it off as so much technobabble.  Stuart Elliott:  Advertising.  [D16].
Email copies available.

@_date: 1994-08-24 07:51:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Nuclear Weapons Material, Truly? 
Responding to msg by perry at imsi.com ("Perry E. Metzger") on Wed, 24 Aug  9:10 AM
Perhaps.  However, there is much detailed design and production info in the "Nuclear Weapons Databook" series:
     U. S. Nuclear Warhead Production, Volume II, 1987.
     U. S. Nuclear Warhead Facility Profiles, Volume III, 1987.
     Soviet Nuclear Weapons, Volume IV, 1989.
     And others.
The series provides pretty detailed textual and graphic descriptions of the entire history of design, production, testing and deployment of nuclear weapons. These are written by the folks at Natural Resources Defense Council and are available there and from Ballinger Division, Harper and Row, New York.
The beloved McGeorge Bundy is quoted on the covers:
"A powerful antidote to the simplistic deceptions peddled with such zeal from high places . . . contains more facts about the past, present and future of [U. S. nuclear] forces than have ever been put in one place before . . . meticulous and responsible . . . the effect is overwhelming."
They are mesmerizing.  But then maybe they were written only for the ignorant.

@_date: 1994-08-24 19:55:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Actually berating on a routine basis. 
Responding to msg by tcmay at netcom.com (Timothy C. May) on Wed, 24 Aug  1:14 PM
No insult intended.  Meant to compliment your hectoring and cajolery and levity.
Berating folks now and then makes interesting reading; keep it John

@_date: 1994-08-25 17:08:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Spoofing Nuclear Weapons and PGP 
Responding to msg by dichro at tartarus.uwa.edu.au (Mikolaj Habryn) on Thu, 25 Aug  5:51 PM
To tie this back to crypto and technology:
Under a sub-sub-sub-contract I once worked on some phony CAD drawings for the nuclear weapons production process, plotting false info that still appears in popular books, some of which has been posted here.
The docs were then encrypted and stegonagraphied for authenticity.  We were told that they were turned loose on the market for this product in other countries.
I don't know if the USG was involved, there no security clearances.  It may have been a commercial scam.
Also, growing up not to far from LANL, I was told that kids of staff were encouraged to chat about B-this  and W-that by the security people there as part of the fog around that outfit.
This supports the suggestion for profligate use of PGP as a stratagem, to make it harder to tell the trivial from the Or is public encryption a stratagem to focus on software rather than hardware?
Anybody hear anything about covert ID in new-generation CPUs, like done with supercomps?

@_date: 1994-08-25 20:37:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Actually plonking on a routine basis 
Goodness Perry,
Why waste talent aping yourself?
Tim wisely says above:  use your smarts on crypto and techno.

@_date: 1994-08-26 15:47:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Spoofing Weapons 2 
Forwarding mail by: misra at gardener.lanl.gov ("Raymond H. Misra") on Fri, 26 Aug 10:28 AM
Inside it is dirty,
every post, and
I don't say
want to reach
participated in
discarding me
inside, from the
releases want
restoration is no
hell itself a
wake.  If you
You wouldn't be desribing the weapons discussion on "cypherpunks"  list for the past few days, would you?

@_date: 1994-08-27 08:41:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Anon fanatacism (Cost-benefit analysis) 
Responding to msg by sq0nk at alt.anonymous.messages (Random Factor) on Sat Aug 27

@_date: 1994-08-27 14:11:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Rising Above Petty Illiberalism 
Responding to msg by karn at qualcomm.com (Phil Karn) on Sat, 27 Aug 10:1  AM
I really liked this.  Perhaps you can find a way to stitch into other topics like you did here.
Don't know what the list reception will be since the recent thread on government got thumped for disobeying the sirens of crypto and technology.
Hope yours will catch fire.  Fan the embers.

@_date: 1994-08-28 09:54:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FCC and Crypto 
Keep it up.  Literate writing is ur-code.  Crypto-tech entrepreneurs will smell the coffee.

@_date: 1994-08-28 15:07:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Not me PGP-tweaking 
Responding to msg by tcmay at netcom.com (Timothy C. May) on Sun, 28 Aug 12:58 PM
Warn't me, Tim.
Still too crypto-knobbie without the skill for PGP mail or I got lumped with other tweakers while trying say a humorous word on your behalf.
Ah well, so much for humor in the midst of a spat.
I'll duck next time.

@_date: 1994-08-29 07:23:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: A Different EFF on DigiTel Bill 
Mike Godwin of EFF attacks the Digital Telephony Bill by challenging Professor Denning's advocacy in the September Internet World.
(If anyone cares, Mike posts zingers and unhealthy thoughts like c'punks' regularly on list Cyberia-L.)

@_date: 1994-08-29 15:08:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: e$: e-cash underwriting 
Responding to msg by hughes at ah.com (Eric Hughes) on Sun, 28 Aug 10:9  PM
Brilliant statement, Eric.  My mouth fell open.
This is the best synopsis I've seen for the conversion of our national security capitalism into democratic capitalism.
It makes all the pleasurable, if demanding, digicash correspondence I've read here fall into place.

@_date: 1994-08-30 06:32:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Civil crypto anarchy 
Responding to msg by nobody at ds1.wu-wien.ac.at () on Sun, 28 Aug  2:32 AM
Out of your several thoughful comments this one strikes some Terror of nuclear weapons is universal.  Nothing about crypto anarchy is terrifying (yet).
A link between the two is not fanciful because of the challenge to those who hold secrets posed by crypto anarchy.
One singularity of the nuclear arsenal was that few people actually know its capability.  Its secrecy is a part of the threat.  The same is true of the more general national security apparatus, most of whose power derives from privileged knowledge of weapon-systems capabilities.
By extension of state power, under the rubric of national security, to other areas of government, often under the guise of intelligence and law enforcement needs, we have a society where a small number of economic, scientific, political, military and law enforcement persons hold privileged secrets and a very large citizenry who does not.  Because of suspected abuse of privilege, these keepers of secrets are no longer Electoral politics, once thought to offer means to throw the scoundrels out, now feeds this suspicion, rather than relieving it,  because little of entrenched power structures are changed by the voting process.  The public process merely cosmetizes the means for exploiting the the secret privileges of the few.
The crypto and related technological and civil issues discussed on this list might be viewed as exploring how to redirect the science and technology, heretofore used sustain a national security-driven economy, toward creating the apparatus for a more just and benefical civil society, one less fraught with military, police and economic insecurity and fear of the tools of privileged secrecy.
Mastering cryptography and devising ways to put it to remunerative use are honorable and constructive alternatives to enduring unresponsive government.  If successful they will set examples, and provide tools,  for others to diminish state However, there is still the task of proving that crypto anarchy is not itself a play for power by those who write and master its cryptographic code.  But better to test that in the public arena rather remain hidden and protected by state secrecy.
Fierce opposition should be expected, not least by demonizing crypto anarchy.  It will probably begin within the crypto anarchy enterprise under the guise of skeptical criticism and provocative baiting.
It is worth recalling that classical black anarchy, the secret, lethal version as distinguished from open black flag type, is used by despots to justify their ruthless measures.  Black anarchists, as agents of despots,  mingle with avowed flag-wavers to spy and provoke acts that lead to repressive crackdowns.  Black anarchists never announce themselves as such but may freely admit to being "anarchistic" as a wild-eyed subterfuge.  Inept provocations sometimes reveal them but the most able are never detected.

@_date: 1994-08-31 09:33:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Civil crypto anarchy 
Responding to msg by wcs at anchor.ho.att.com (bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204) on Tue, 30 Aug  6:56 PM
Yeah, it's been conventional wisdom around NYC since the 19th century that the best way to get some funding from LEAs was to set up a group with the word "anarchist" in it, or have an anarchist-like manifesto.
In the 80s the "commie bomb thrower" types were bitching that the money was moving out west to the "right wing gun nut" Now long-time anarchist hustlers around here say that even the gray-haired cops bemoan Red-squad cut backs so that LEA money could go toward defeating "psychopath survivalists" and "the David Koreshes" and "murderous ex-defense workers".
To divert attention from the nuclear geopolitics of the

@_date: 1994-08-31 15:51:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: OFFSHORE DIGITAL BANKS 
Responding to msg by tcmay at netcom.com (Timothy C. May) on Tue, 30 Aug 12:12 PM
Tim, would you expand the link to crypto of unipolar Maybe some of the non-US c'punks can add more.
Here's my >$.02:
Some folks in other countries of more afraid of the USG and national security capitalism (protection of "national interest") than some of us are.  They view it as normal that the Government will advance and protect interests of its economy, including, if necessary, by military force.
Those who have lived abroad know that fear of our foreign policy is greater than the US public may want to believe.  Our domestic-oriented politics clouds understanding of the effects of what is perceived to be aggression against the sovereignty of other nations' culture.
Other countries' drive for nuclear weapons, or alliances with those who have nuclear capabilities, is based what they think is a "real politik" necessity to the loss of being able to balance the Soviets against the US.
China, as the most obvious example, is working this fear-of-the-west hard to gain support in Asia and the Middle East for its nuclear program.  Smaller countries have shown in their UN votes that they might welcome increased Chinese power to offset the Soviet loss, even as they hold out hands to the It will be difficult to convince these skeptics that US business can compete in the world without military backing.

@_date: 1994-12-01 18:40:21
@_author: jya at pipeline.com 
@_subject: NYT Potpurri and Econo-cash 
[This message has been signed by an auto-signing service.
 A valid signature means only that it has been received at
 the address belonging to the signature and forwarded.]
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
John Markoff writes today on an interview with Michael Spindler, chairman of Apple.  Here're some tidbits:
"And flirting with heresy, Mr. Spindler says he sees no need for the so-called information superhighway.  And 500 channels?  Sixty are plenty.  'This is not going to be an all-electronic world where we all sit on a couch and are force-fed a constant stream of information,' said Mr. Sindler."
"Mr. Spindler took pains to contrast himself with two of his industry's rivals -- and vaunted visionaries -- William H. Gates, chairman of Microsoft, and Andrew S. Grove, chairman of Intel.  'They believe that just because of technospeak it's going to happen, but it's not,' said Mr. Spindler."
"And yet, Mr. Spindler, even as he decries the industry's preoccupation with the so-called vision thing, acknowledges that there are still ways of improving the life of the computer user.  'We still have to switch our computers on and off,' he said.  'We go to the restroom, and when we leave it flushes automatically.' "
And, on Mr. Schindler's daring mis-speak, note others today parlaying technospeak and adverting profitably in The Times just like the Forbidden Fruit:
"I.B.M. to Replace Pentium Chips in Some Machines" [Company "Takeover Talk Pushes Lotus Shares Up", by Glenn Rifkin.
"A Challenge to Microsoft in Interactive TV", by Lawrence "Prodigy Testing Link to World Wide Web", by Peter Lewis.
"I.B.M. Makes Board Change".

@_date: 1994-12-03 06:59:30
@_author: jya at pipeline.com 
@_subject: Info about Linux 
Responding to msg by crawford at scruznet.com (Michael D. Crawford) on Sat, 3 Dec  1:4  AM
Thanks for this Linux info.
FWIW, PC Mag's John Dvorak plugs Linux and Yggdrasil in the December 20 issue.  He says, "there's no excuse not to have Linux as a primary or alternative operating system ... highly recommended, bargain of the year."

@_date: 1994-12-03 09:42:01
@_author: jya at pipeline.com 
@_subject: First Virtual? 
Responding to msg by eric at remailer.net (Eric Hughes) on Sat, 3 Dec  9:56 AM
Not a big deal, but for Unix-fans who deign toy-PCs, PC Mag of December 20 has two brief pieces on First Virtual, indicating that its mass-market greenbucks are abuying hard pitch Xmas-adcopy.  One dim-spots other "digital buck" services SpyGlass and Open Market, cash-poor things.  See pp. 32 and 61.
[First time use of the sig below, be gentle, still learning how to get PGP-signed message in this mailer.]

@_date: 1994-12-03 18:47:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Insecure Phones 
The New York Times last Thursday had two pieces on
   telephones that may be of interest.
   One deals with cellular fraud in NYC, given entirely here:
   "Cellular Fraud in New York
         Cellular telephone fraud in New York City has become    rampant that a cellular service in Washington will
   temporarily block its customers from using their wireless
   phones when they travel in New York.
         Cellular One of Washington-Baltimore, owned by SBC
   Communications Inc., has sent its customers letters
   notifying them that it would block the service beginning on
   Thursday because it had compiled a huge backlog of phone
   numbers used in New York that appeared to be fraudulent.
         Company officials said they would resume service once
   they finished investigating each case, which they said
   would take three weeks.
         Cellular telephone fraud occurs when people use false
   identification numbers on their wireless telephones and
   make calls. The Cellular Telecommunications Industry
   Association said fraud costs had soared to about $1 billion
   a year.
         Cellular thieves typically use radio scanners to    the identification numbers of legitimate cellular phones,
   which transmit the numbers each time they are used. These
   numbers are then written onto a computer chip inside an
   inactive phone, effectively 'cloning' the original."
   -------------------
   End illegitimate fraud article
   Then, probably not coincidentally in this happy
   legitimate-fraud shopping season, there was a long
   consumer-oriented article the very same day, alors, about
   new cordless phones, including this info about security
   features against illegitimate fraud:
   "A new generation of digital cordless phones using a
   powerful 900 megahertz (MHz) frequency ... blocks thieves
   who scan the airwaves listening for credit card and Social
   Security numbers people innocently give over the phone. ...
   Cellular car phones and two-way radio car service
   conversations were constant unwanted companions with the
   standard cordless phones [but] with the 900 MHz phones, the
   interference was practically non-existent. ...
   The Cincinnati Microwave Escort 9020 Digital Spread
   Spectrum Cordless Telephone is one of the first models to
   feature spread-spectrum technology -- originally developed
   for the military and now being used for consumers -- that
   digitally scrambles voice communications before
   transmitting them. ...
   ... newer standard-frequency models are offering improved
   security.  By using scrambling technology -- though not as
   sophisticated as digital spread spectrum -- they block out
   most eavesdroppers.  Panasonic calls the feature Secure
   Guard; Motorola, Secure Clear, and Toshiba, Call Protect.    It doesn't add much to the cost ($10 to $25) and is well
   worth the money, although the phone is not as secure as a
   digital one."
   [My first PGP sig, hooray]

@_date: 1994-12-04 07:12:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Wireless Data Systems 
Laurie Flynn writes today on wireless data systems by
     Ardis, Ram Mobile Data and the new Cellular Digital Data
     Packet.
     For email copy send blank message with subject:  WIR_no

@_date: 1994-12-05 11:07:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: (Fwd) Re: GATT and RSA 
With Rishab's permission today I forward his answer to my query about GATT's effect on copyright of software for those of you who may want to know.
Forwarding mail by: rishab at dxm.ernet.in (Rishab Aiyer Ghosh) on Sun, 04 Dec 11:59 PM

@_date: 1994-12-06 08:52:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on N2 and Star Wars 
Two articles today on far-side Witten-Seiberg N2 Supersymmetry and Republican-hots Star Wars chemical laser weaponry:
     "Physicists Say New Math Tool Will Probe Secrets of Matters", by Malcolm W. Browne.
For email copy send blank message with subject:  N2_duh
     "From Fantasy to Fact: Space-Based Laser Nearly Ready to Fly", by William J. Broad.
For copy, same, with subject:  RAY_dem

@_date: 1994-12-06 14:10:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MMB question 
Responding to msg by cactus at hks.net ("L. Todd Masco") on Tue, 6 Dec  1:23 PM
Applied Cryptography states on the inner flyleaf:
Errata -- A list of the errors found in this book along with corresponding corrections is updated periodically.  For the most recent electronic version, send email to:
     schneier at chinet.com
For the most recent printed version, send a stamped, self-addressed envelope to:
     AC Corrections
     Counterpane Systems
     730 Fair Oaks Avenue
     Oak Park, IL 60302
Readers are encouraged to distribute electronic or printed versions of this list to other readers of this book.

@_date: 1994-12-06 17:24:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on N2 and Star Wars 
Some cries of no-gets of N2_duh and RAY_dem.
N=N lobbed by 8 PM EST.
No get, retry.
Frantic PBM sez excuse this msg.

@_date: 1994-12-06 20:42:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: (Fwd)      Read this, Virus info!! 
I have received two versions of this warning about "Good Times" virus, this one from mail list Design-L and a similar one from list Fiction-of-Philosophy.  Some forwarded headers have been removed from this version.
Has anyone on c'punks got further info or comment?
PGP 262 Key ID 34EE1095

@_date: 1994-12-13 07:52:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Articles on Adelman and E=mc(2) 
The New York Times has an interesting article today on the life and career of Leonard Adelman, with remarks on RSA and public key cryptography.  Friendly, not technical.
For email copy send blank message with subject:  LA_lite
And, while not directly related to crypto, the magazine "The Sciences", published by the New York Academy of Sciences, has a long article, "Beyond E=mc(2)", on a controversial theory that mass is "only electric charge and energy".
The authors are:  Bernard Haisch, Alfonso Rueda and H. E. For copy send blank message with subject:  EMC2_too
Here is a brief excerpt:
   Recent work by us and others now appears to offer a
   radically different insight into the relation E=mc(2), as
   well as into the very idea of mass itself. To put it
   simply, the concept of mass may be neither fundamental nor
   necessary in physics. In the view we will present,
   Einstein's formula is even more significant than physicists
   have realized. It is actually a statement about how much
   energy is required to give the appearance of a certain
   amount of mass, rather than about the conversion of one
   fundamental thing, energy, into another fundamental thing,
   mass.
   Indeed, if that view is correct, there is no such thing as
   mass -- only electric charge and energy, which together
   create the illusion of mass. The physical universe is made
   up of massless electric charges immersed in a vast,
   energetic, all-pervasive electromagnetic field. It is the
   interaction of those charges and the electromagnetic field
   that creates the appearance of mass. In other words, the
   magazine you now hold in your hands is massless; properly
   understood, it is physically nothing more than a collection
   of electric charges embedded in a universal energetic
   electromagnetic field and acted on by the field in such a
   way as to make you think the magazine has the property of
   mass. Its apparent weight and solidity arise from the
   interactions of charges and field.
   Besides recasting the prevailing view of mass, this idea
   would address one of the most profound problems of physics,
   the riddle of how gravity can be unified with the other
   three fundamental forces of nature. The electromagnetic
   force and the weak force, which is responsible for nuclear
   decay, have been shown to be two manifestations of a single
   force, appropriately called the electroweak force. There
   are tantalizing hints that the strong force, which binds
   nuclei together, will someday be unified with the
   electroweak force. But until now gravity has resisted all
   attempts at unification. If the new view is correct,
   however, gravity would not need to be separately unified.
   Just as mass would arise from the electromagnetic force, so
   would gravity.
End excerpt.

@_date: 1994-12-13 16:45:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Coda for E=mc(2) 
The technical manuscript on which part of "Beyond E=mc(2)" is based was published in Physical Review A [no date given] only after five peer reviews, says the editor of The Sciences.

@_date: 1994-12-18 08:04:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Pentium 
John Markoff writes today on Intel's mishandling of the Pentium flaw.  Mr. T May quoted.
For email copy send blank message with subject:  585_999
Here are few excerpts:
   In recent weeks, evoking memories of Richard Nixon at the
   height of the Watergate crisis, Mr. Grove has retreated to
   his "war room" inside the company's corporate headquarters
   in Santa Clara.
   ***
   'Righteousness'
   How did a sporadic arithmetic error that was not detected
   for months, in the chip that Intel insists is its most
   heavily tested microprocessor in history, become the heart
   of such a debacle?
   The answer is rooted in Intel's distinctive corporate
   culture, and suggests that Intel went wrong in much the
   same way as other big and unresponsive companies before it.
   Intel has traditionally valued engineering over product
   marketing. Inward-looking and wary of competitors (from
   experience with the Japanese), it developed a bunker
   mentality, a go-for-the-jugular attitude and a reputation
   for arrogance.
   "There are certain elements in Intel's culture, and one is
   righteousness," said Federico Faggin, a former Intel
   engineer and co-inventor of its first microprocessor.
   "The attitude at Intel is, 'We're better than everyone else
   and what we do is right and we never make mistakes.' "
   ***
   But the technologist's mind-set did little to prepare Intel
   for the consumer marketplace. Although it spent hundreds of
   millions of dollars on its "Intel Inside" and Pentium ad
   campaigns, the consumer-oriented strategy unraveled last
   month when Mr. Grove dismissed customers' requests for
   chips to replace the Pentium.
   ***
   "What Intel clearly should have done is issued a bug report
   as soon as they found out it was a reproducible problem,"
   said Timothy May, a former Intel semiconductor engineer.
   "Instead, by keeping it mum, they backed themselves into a
   corner."
   But although he has issued a public apology for the flaw,
   Mr. Grove has been unwilling to personally come forward in
   an effort to restore customer confidence.
   "The test of a great company is in how they handle
   disasters," said James F. Moore, head of Geopartners, a
   high-tech consulting firm. "This is one where you can't
   behave like a paranoid. This is one where only the
   compassionate survive."

@_date: 1994-12-20 14:08:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Sonofusion 
Malcolm Browne writes today on sonoluminescence to produce cold fusion.  Nix crypto, no excuso.
For email copy send blank message with subject:  SON_fuz
Some tidbits:
   New Shot at Cold Fusion
   By Pumping Sound Waves
   Into Tiny Bubbles
   [Drawing caption]
   New Fusion Recipe:  Sound Plus Bubbles
   Fusion creates great energy but requires tremendous
   temperatures. In a new approach that scientists hope might
   reach such temperatures, they are using minuscule bubbles
   as the focus for sound waves. In this figure, a tiny
   heating element boils just enough water to create a single
   micron-sized bubble. A sound field makes the bubble
   pulsate. As it expands, it absorbs sound energy. Then it
   violently collapses, launching a spherical, inward-moving
   supersonic shock wave, which produces enormous temperatures
   and a flash of light.
   By Malcolm W. Browne
   Ever since the first hydrogen bomb was detonated in 1952,
   scientists have sought to harness thermonuclear fusion as
   a peaceful power source, but that goal has proved
   tantalizingly elusive. Now, however, there seems to be an
   outside chance that a wholly new technique could achieve
   it. Bombarding microscopic bubbles with intense sound waves
   could convert the bubbles into minuscule fusion furnaces.
   Recent experiments by a half-dozen laboratories suggest
   that a mysterious phenomenon called sonoluminescence may be
   capable of raising the temperature of gas trapped in a tiny
   bubble to 1.8 million degrees Fahrenheit or more -- enough,
   in principle, to ignite fusion.
   If fusion were achieved, a microbubble could be expected to
   radiate neutrons, nuclear particles produced by
   thermonuclear reactions. So far, the laboratories
   experimenting with sonoluminescence have failed to detected
   any neutrons, but there are other signs that the project is
   far from hopeless.
   ***
   Lawrence Livermore Laboratory in California, the nation's
   preeminent hydrogen bomb laboratory, has conducted some
   small experiments on "sonofusion," the name that would be
   bestowed on any fusion technique powered by sonoluminescent
   bubbles.
    As part of its nuclear weapons research programs during the
   1980's, Livermore built the Nova laser, which focuses
   multiple beams of ultrapowerful lasers from all directions
   on a small target. Among the targets Livermore has tested
   are tiny, hollow glass spheres filled with hydrogen
   isotopes. In a typical experiment, the laser beams are
   turned on, the glass instantly vaporizes and the resulting
   shock wave of glass vapor is driven inward to compress the
   hydrogen. The idea is to get the hydrogen hot enough to
   initiate fusion.
   ***
   Still, the nation's thermonuclear bomb designers eventually
   solved similar problems for full-scale hydrogen bombs, and
   Livermore's scientists believe that inertial confinement
   fusion as a means of generating comparatively cheap
   electric power will eventually prove to be practical.
   The tiny bubbles used in sonoluminescence experiments are
   similar in terms of their fusion physics to their big
   brothers, hydrogen bombs and on a smaller scale, to the
   glass spheres used in inertial confinement fusion.
   -------------------
   End tids
   Note:  The NYT advertises an email address for "comments
   from readers about published articles and suggested areas
   of coverage":

@_date: 1994-12-22 09:22:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BYTE on Netscape 
Ben Smith writes supportively in the January 1995 issue on Netscape's products -- freebie and commerical.  See pp.197-200.
Two excerpts:
"Netsite Commerce Server is Netscape Communications' most important product because it offers the basic requirements for secure transactions over the otherwise open-for-snooping-and-spoofing Internet."  [Brief discussion of crypto system -- RSA, PGP similarity and difference.]
"Netscape Communications may not be able to clean out the loose threads and cobwebs of the Internet, but its client and servers are the kinds of products the Internet needs to make the transition from being a cobweb of experimental projects to a serious commercial marketplace."

@_date: 1994-12-23 08:30:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT Correction on Sonofusion 
Correction today:
"A headline in Science Times on Tuesday about attempts to create thermonuclear fusion by aiming sound waves at microscopic bubbles misstated the process involved.  It is high-temperature fusion, not cold fusion."
Note:  The NYT advertises an email address for "comments on published articles about science and suggestions for coverage":

@_date: 1994-12-31 07:03:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Anon Amok 
Peter Lewis writes long article today on net anonymity, good, bad and heavenly, with emphasis on remailers, and probable legislative control.  And a funny piece on Bill's buy of St. Peter's Boys Club.
For email duo-copy send blank message with subject:  ANON_gee

@_date: 1994-12-31 13:56:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: remarkably bad media 
Responding to msg by perry at imsi.com (Perry E. Metzger) on Sat, 31 Dec 12:39 PM
Perry makes an astute critique about the Peter Lewis article today on anonymity.  I hope that he or someone takes the time to write The Times with polite corrections or a cataclysmic I would note that the two law professors quoted are active on mail list Cyberia-L, where many of the cypherpunks issues are debated from a legal perspective.  Peter Lewis is a subscriber to that list.
Peter Lewis wrote yesterday about the LaMacchia case dismissal.  The article was reprinted verbatim today.  It too focussed on the need for legislation.  (Todd posted Reuter's version.)
Is it any wonder that lawyers are quoted when enhanced law and order are immanent?  Mike Godwin, of EFF and also a Cyberia-L subscriber, takes a dissenting view from that presented by those quoted by Lewis.  Or so I would judge from his posts on the LaMacchia case.
My one-cent's worth to the anonymity topic is that The NYT may be drum-beating for legislation to regulate anonymity -- a characteristicly paternalistic role of the self-important power-brokering running-dog mad-dog yellow-dog hyenia-slobbering anarchy-hating media.  Oops, sorry for that anonymous slip.  Back to totally disinterested objectivity, eye-of-god, slug-under-rock-safety.
Say, if anyone wants the Lewis article on LaMacchia,
send blank message with subject:  LAM_not

@_date: 1994-07-06 17:45:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Business Week on Crypto 
There is a brief article on commercial crypto in Business Week of July 4, p. 13, by Stephen H. Wildstrom .
It sets out need for crypto; describes use of private and public keys; key management services by Northern Telecom Ltd. and National Semiconductor Corp.; future crypto by Lotus and Microsoft; war of RSA and NIST and resulting standoff.

@_date: 1994-07-08 13:52:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BSD random() - any good (source included) 
This seems not to have made it through c'punks system.
Keep up your clear and reasonable responses.
Cheers, John
Forwarding mail by: cypherpunks at toad.com () on 7/8/94 10:06:32 Responding to msg by ravage at bga.com (Jim choate) on Fri, 8 Jul  8:33 AM
[Stuff deleted]
Good points.  I appreciate Jim's dauntless rejoinder.

@_date: 1994-07-08 15:44:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BSD random() - any good (source included) 
Responding to msg by sandfort at crl.com (Sandy Sandfort) on Fri, 8 Jul  3:0  PM
Well said.

@_date: 1994-07-09 18:31:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: As long as we're voting, 
Responding to D.C. Williams on Sat, 9 Jul  4:2  PM:
others to material  of interest.

@_date: 1994-07-10 07:50:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Xerox glyphs 
Pointer:  Xerox glyphs encoding process.
Publication:  The New York Times, July 10, 1994; Section 3; Business; p. 9.
Title:  Smart Paper Documents for the Electronic Age.
Subhead:  A new coding method hides computer data in plain By:  John Holusha.
A quote from an illustration:
A Xerox technology, known as glyphs, would enable paper business documents to carry thousands of characters of information hidden in unobtrusive gray patterns that can appear as backgrounds or shading patterns.  Glyphs could be used for encoding machine-readable data onto paper documents.

@_date: 1994-07-12 15:01:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Idle question... 
Responding to msg by berzerk at xmission.xmission.com (Berzerk) on Tue, 12 Jul 10:8  AM
I would appreciate getting a copy of this posting also.
John Young

@_date: 1994-07-12 15:13:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Idle question... 
Responding to msg by tcmay at netcom.com (Timothy C. May) on Tue, 12 Jul 12:14 PM
Sci.crypt has been archived since October, 1991 on:
ripem.msu.edu:pub/crypt/sci.crypt/ (available only to US and Canadian users)
Another site is rpub.cl.msu.edu:/pub/crypt/sci.crypt/ from Jan 1992.  End quote.

@_date: 1994-07-16 09:39:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Card Playing Protocol 
Responding to msg by kentborg at world.std.com (Kent Borg) on Sat, 16 Jul  4:8  AM
A good beginning to changing it.
I like your original notion of card-playing as a way to build a taste for crypto by non-cryptoids (like me).
It parallels political and economic chance and the use of crypto to hide info from foes and competitors.
Putting crypto into public play like this will help teach protection from economic security mongers and toadies.
Your idea shows that c'punks chefs continue to cook tastier fare than the alt. and talk. fora elsewhere.  It feeds my interest in c'punks: the peripheral discussions, sometimes crypto-related,  enhance the main dish.

@_date: 1994-07-18 06:07:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Encrypting fax machine 
Pointer:  Encrypted fax patent
Publication:  The New York Times, July 18,, 1994; Business Section D; Patents column; p. D2.
Title:  A small Company offers a scanning device to make faxes private by encoding their computer bits.
By:  Sabra Chartrand
Some excerpts:
The Kryptofax Corporation . . . was set up to sell a scanning device that uses encryption algorithms to turn fax text into indecipherable dots on a page.
Then the most critical thing is to provide a password, says Richard Varga, a former computer programmer who is the The encoded page emerges with the title and addressee name appearing in plain language at the top.  The rest is a grid of random dots.
As the [receiving] Kryptofax machine reads the encrypted grid, it begins simultaneously to print a decrypted version of the We use an encryption algorithm called seeded pseudo-random number generator, Mr. Varga said.  The company chose that algorithm because it is in the public domain, he added.
The Kryptofax Corporations's patent is 5,321,749.

@_date: 1994-07-19 14:24:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Card Playing Protocol 
Responding to msg by kentborg at world.std.com (Kent Borg) on Mon, 18 Jul 11:18 PM
kb, the Kent who is only human:
Get  and assign each c'punk, alphabetically, to send you 900/ sources.

@_date: 1994-07-19 16:27:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Come On 
Responding to msg by SADLER_C at HOSP.STANFORD.EDU ("Connie Sadler (415)725-7703") on 19 Jul 1994 won't let it stop me from continuing on, but what's the Glad you posted.  I don't get it either.

@_date: 1994-07-19 16:54:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: \"But this is not really related to crypto, so....\" 
Responding to msg by tcmay at netcom.com (Timothy C. May) on Tue, 19 Jul 12:7  PM
Best thing about it, exceeded only by the fact that construction continues without architect.

@_date: 1994-07-21 07:27:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Computer snoopers 
The NY Times today has long Peter Lewis article on computer snooping at military sites.  It makes an interesting counterpoint to the NY Times article today on Clipper's ostensible travails.
Many klaxons tooted about lack of security on Internet:
Quote:  This is the place where the first information Chernobyl will happen.
Quote:  . . . raised the specter of information assassins, highly skilled programmers who work for foreign governments, rival corporations or organized crime, who exploit computer security weaknesses to manipulate the stock market, hide drug-money transactions, or destroy the data bases of financial Quote:  There are people coming onto the net who don't have the same high ideals and goals, and who are willing to abuse the rights of others.  I have likened it to selling swamp land in Florida for vacation homes.
And more on how lack of security relates to national encryption policy and issues.

@_date: 1994-07-21 13:01:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Detweilure 
Responding to msg by wrevans at oceanus.mitre.org (Ward R. Evans) on Thu, 21 Jul  2:18 PM
named L.
The beguiling welcome cypherpunks excerpt about  entices not It's a notorious literary lure.
Was put it there by  himself as titillating recuiting poster?

@_date: 1994-07-21 18:41:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: (Fwd) RE: Computer snoopers 
Forwarding mail by: DBURK at gmuvax.gmu.edu ("DAN L. BURK") on Thu, 21 Jul  7:50 PM
Yeah, "snooping" indeed!  According to Federal Computer Week, July 11, 1994:
   The hacker attacks have reached such a scale over the past few months
   "that on any give day DOD literally does not have control of five or
   six of its computer systems; the hackers do," one former    official said.
Bob Brewin & Elizabeth Sikorivsky, "Hackers storm DOD nets," Federal Computer  Week, July 11, 1994 at 1, col. 3.
Want to play a game?
dburk at gmuvax.gmu.edu

@_date: 1994-07-22 14:28:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: by the way NSA... 
This amplifies Perry's post on the annual intelligence black budget of $28 billion.
NY Times, November 25, 1993:
. . . the black budget is estimated to be nearly $28 billion this year.  The money is hidden under falsified line items in the Pentagon's budget.
The secret budget finances the National Security Agency, which conducts electronic eavesdropping; the National Reconnaissance Office, which builds spy satellites; the Central Intelligence Agency, and a host of military intelligence activities.
. . . the CIA spends less than 15 per cent of the total espionage budget.  Pentagon agencies spend almost all the rest.
At the CIA, Mr. Woolsey voiced doubts about disclosing the sum, saying it would lead to a debate over its constituent elements.
End quotes.
And there is more than this budget covers.  For all kinds of intelligence costs (and crypto business opportunities) see Jeffrey T. Richelson's The US Intelligence Community, 1989, ISBN 0-88730-226-2.

@_date: 1994-07-25 20:09:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: (Fwd) Re: GUT and P=NP 
Forwarding mail by: sondheim at panix.com (Alan Sondheim) on Sun, 24 Jul  3:39 AM
04:08 EDT 1994
Reply-To: fiction-of-philosophy at world.std.com
I would say that an algorithm is also a rigidly constructed framework consisting of well-defined formula within a stabilized potential well; as such it has limited operability in situations which possess fuzzy heuristics - such situations would include ordinary-language parsing, by the way, if a theoretical full-accountability is to be given. Eliminating indeterminacy and `true randomness' is eliminating the lifeworld itself, with its fuzzy heuristics not always reducible to natural law, even of the trajectory-bundles of chaos theory. So we are thrown back to a quantum computer which is reduced in the quoted text as well to a theoretical positioning; this is suspect since such a computer also functions in the lifeworld. If the brain in Penrose's text functions as _a_ quantum com- puter, what is the source of the singularity (_a_)? It seems to me that there is, in the real, deep fuzziness all the way around. Are we dealing with a group of logicians who have ignored Schutz? I think so,

@_date: 1994-07-27 17:42:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Government-Controlled Trust Hierarchies 
TC May wrote Wed, 27 Jul 1994 11:44:
<I suggest we look very closely for connections between TIS and
<Microsoft, Apple, Novell, Sun, and any other major OS Scott McNealy, Sun Microsystems, writes in today's Wall Street Journal on what he calls Microsoft's "monopoly" of operating systems.  He writes, in part:
It's highly unlikely that the government will break up Microsoft. [. . .]  But there are several important steps that would help:
*  If the "system calls" for Windows, Windows NT, Chicago and other future operating systems were in the public domain, Microsoft programmers would have no unfair advantage over competitors in writing applications.
*  A multi-organizational group, including representatives of government, consumer groups, academia and business, could establish policy guidelines on publishing the specifications to interfaces, ensuring that they are free for all to use and changed with timely notice, and that the changes conform to established industry standards.
*  As the single largest purchaser of desktop computer systems, the government could then decree that it will never buy another computer system with principal interfaces that do not conform to these standards.  This would send an unmistakable message that open standards are the key to a free market.  This point is especially critical to guaranteeing that the information superhighway allows competition, innovation and choice.
End quote.

@_date: 1994-07-28 09:51:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Questions about Microsoft and Software Key Escrow 
Responding to msg by Jacob.Levy at Eng.Sun.COM (Jacob Levy) on Thu, 28 Jul  7:53 AM
Would it not be fair to ask that all the parties earlier listed by Tim --  Microsoft, Sun, Apple, IBM and others -- be asked for an official statement of their positions on SKE?
Even so, will this produce credible statements?
What if confidentiality or secrecy agreements are already in Disinformation needs cryptanalysis, no?

@_date: 1994-07-29 07:43:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The penet compromise 
Responding to msg by lcottrell at popmail.ucsd.edu (Lance Cottrell) on Fri, 29 Jul  0:41 AM
Ditto for me.
False anon ID assigned 29 Jul 94 :  an118197 at anon.penet.fi.
I have never used this service.
John Young

@_date: 1994-07-30 08:16:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Popular Front for the Liberation of Crypto 
Responding to msg by tcmay at netcom.com (Timothy C. May) on Fri, 29 Jul  6:32 PM
ENR, a construction magazine, reports July 25 on the Davidian site cleanup at Waco:
As the crew sifts through debris, workers are finding human remains.  "Mostly we've found childrens' bones," says Fawn.   . . .  "These are the things that mess with my mind."
The project manager adds that he has trouble finding workers for the job.  "They are scared of the bones."
Only 47 bodies have been identified of the 80 or more victims.
End quote.
The LEAs endlessly search for easy targets.

@_date: 1994-07-30 11:27:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Graham Toal and His 'Fucking Religion' 
Responding to msg by nobody at c2.org (Anonymous User) on Fri, 29 Jul  9:22 PM
Not at all.  Mr. Graham Toal expresses civilized contempt of such unctuousness horseshit.  His deft lance of this pus is

@_date: 1994-07-31 16:31:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Takes a Holiday (NYET, Children, etc.) 
Responding to msg by tcmay at netcom.com (Timothy C. May) on Sun, 31 Jul  3:16 PM
That is the best protection for all us children.

@_date: 1994-06-20 14:14:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: No Subject 
How can I check a newly downloaded PGP2.6 to verify that it is tamper-free before use and back-up?
John Young

@_date: 1994-06-28 06:08:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Agents Threaten to Kill Bidzos of RSA? 
There is a lead article in the New York Times Business Section today on Bidzos and RSA.  It reviews current crypto, RSA, NSA and others.
If there is interest I will transcribe the article for this

@_date: 1994-06-28 09:35:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NY Times on Bidzos and RSA 
"Profit and Ego in Data Secrecy" [headline].
By John Markoff.  Special to The New York Times.
REDWOOD CITY, Calif., June 27 --
If the web of thousands of computer networks around the world be thought of as an information superhighway, then Jim Bidzos one of its best-placed toll takers.  Mr. Bidzos expects to very rich -- unless the Government has its way.
As president of a Silicon Valley company called RSA Data Security Inc., Mr. Bidzos,
39, controls the patents for software crucial to scrambling and unscrambling computer
messages so they can be sent confidentially.
Just about anyone using a computer network -- whether for sending personal
messages, filing taxes electronically, or shopping from home with a credit card --
would want such confidentiality.
On the strength of its coding technology, RSA has sold more than four million copies
of its software, and it has won wide support from industry giants like Apple Computer,
I.B.M., Lotus Development, Microsoft, Motorola, Northern Telecom, Novell and Sun
Not Just for Spies Anymore [subhead]
Until recently cryptography, the science of sending secret messages, was a province
generally populated by the armed forces, governments and their spies.  But with the
rise of commercial computer networks, cryptography has become an essential
ingredient in information-age services.
RSA's software is based on an innovation in cryptography that permits people to
exchange private messages without actually getting together beforehand and
arranging a secret password.  In the past, cryptography required that two parties to a
communication first meet to exchange a large number that enabled them to encode
and decode messages.
RSA's system employs two keys, one for encoding a message, known as a public key,
and another for decoding it, called a private key.  People who wish to receive secret
messages can freely distribute their public key, which enables senders to encode a
message.  Only with the private key can the message be decoded.
A company selling products on-line, for instance, might make its public key widely
available, which would enable customers to send in a coded message containing their
credit card numbers that could not be intercepted and read by others.  The company
could decode those messages with its private key, which has a relationship to the public one.
The Government fears that should the RSA system become available abroad, it would
lose its ability to eavesdrop and wiretap in cases involving risks to national security.  It
would much prefer that the global standard be based on its own Clipper encryption
standard, which has a "backdooor" that law enforcement officials can peek through.
Precisely because the RSA method has no backdoor, it is the choice of industry.
But to some government officials, Mr. Bidzos is nothing short of a scheming
"The Government would like him to not exist," said Jeffrey I. Schiller, computer
manager at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, who has negotiated a licensing
deal with Mr. Bidzos.
And Stuart Baker, who until several weeks ago was chief counsel of the National
Security Agency, observed, "My sense is that his motivation is no more than trying to
convince people to buy his products."
Officials at the National Institute of Standards and Technology, another Federal
agency, say they want to create a standard that is not beholden to the patents of one
small company.  And the National Security Agency and the Justice Department want a
standard that will allow law enforcement agencies to eavesdrop on suspected
criminals or violators of national security.
Conventional Wisdom [subhead]
cold war mentality,
and should simply get out of the way and let RSA Data go about its business.  What
is more, he complains, any number of foreign companies are developing encryption
techniques just as hard to crack as his, so the Government's efforts to keep him from
exporting his software is useless, and perhaps Notwithstanding the official concerns, RSA has developed a loyal following among a
wide range of computer, communications and software companies.  "They have the
strongest technology and the best reputation in the cryptography business," said
William Ferguson, vice president of Semaphore, Inc., a maker of systems that licenses RSA's software.
Adding spice to this dispute is Mr. Bidzos's ability to outmaneuver the Government,
most recently by snatching a crucial patent from under the noses of officials who were
planning to use it in an official standard they are trying to Several years ago, two top computer scientists from the National Institute of Standards
and Technology traveled to Europe to meet with a German mathematician, Claus
Schnorr, who holds a key patent that the Government's coding system may violate.
When they returned to the United States, the scientists told their superiors that the
United States should license Mr. Schnorr's patent.  But Washington was slow to act.
So in March 1993, while Mr. Bidzos was on a trip to France, he met with Mr. Schnorr
for a four-hour lunch.  By the end of the meal, Mr. Bidzos had a deal to use Mr.
Schnorr's patent.
Despite Mr. Bidzos's high profile in the world of encryption, RSA's revenue is small --
somewhere between $5 million and $10 million annually.  But analysts say that the
company has the ability to grow substantially.
"They have huge opportunity in the Internet," said Lisa Thorell, a researcher at
Dataquest in San Jose, Calif., referring to the global web of computer networks that is
regarded as a working but primitive model of a global data RSA is also playing an increasing role in the $500 million business for equipment that permits safe financial trasnactions and voice and data
A Question of Patents [subhead]
The issue clouding the future of the company is how severely it will suffer from export
controls and competing standards backed by the National Security Agency.  Last
month the Government made its own competing standard for signing electronic
documents mandatory for all Federal agencies, and declared that the digital signature
standard, as it is known, did not violate RSA's technology.
Mr. Bidzos thinks that Washington is infringing his patents, and, eventually, the
strength of his patent claims will be tested in court.  Rather then (sic) sue the
Government, Mr. Bidzos is likely to start with one of the small companies, like Group
Technologies Corporation, in Tampa, that is making components under a Government
contract, industry executives say.
Mr. Bidzos, who is a Greek citizen and a permanent resident of the United States, was
working at a small international marketing firm in 1985 when he decided to move from
Florida to the Silicon Valley to help a friend save a failing "I wanted to do deals and stay in luxury hotels," he said recently at his office here.  "I
had no idea I'd be in the center of a political whirlwind."
When Mr. Bidzos joined the company in 1986, RSA was shoestring operation about to
go into bankruptcy.  With his help, RSA struck a deal with Lotus Development in 1987,
in which the software giant agreed to advance money for the right to include RSA
software in Lotus Notes, a program designed for work groups of office employees.
A year later RSA was presented with an offer to be acquired by Rupert Murdoch in a
multimillion-dollar deal.  A Murdoch subsidiary, the News Data Corporation, was developing technology for Mr. Murdoch's Sky TV.  So in 1988 Mr.
Bidzos flew twice to Britain to attempt to negotiate a deal, but the sides were far apart
on price.
He says the offers to buy RSA still roll in.  "I've received no less than five firm, written
offers in the last two years," he said.
He also says he doesn't think that the Government can regain the upper hand in the
cryptography wars.
"They've fired every weapon they have at us now, and we're stronger than ever," Mr.
Bidzos said.  "All they can do is try to get RSA legislated out of business, and that will
never happen, in my

@_date: 1994-06-28 10:43:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: No Subject 
I think the issue, at this point, is not so much whether the NSA goons
actually threatened his life, but that they have consistently attempted to
suppress crypto anyway they can.  That the NSA has tried to Bidzos is no secret.  That the NSA considers PGP a threat to their domain
is also well known.
  CPSR and EFF are doing an admirable job of taking the fight to the beltway;
but outside the net, the grass roots support just isn't there.  As has been
pointed out by PRZ et al., the primary reason to avoided hacks to PGP is
that doing so fragments what standards we have now.  The release of the
MIT PGP was the first step in legitimizing cryptography.  The next step is
to install interoperable crypto on EVERY box out there.  While I don't
advocate bypassing your local sysadmin, try to get PGP installed on each
machine you touch.  Use 2.6 (MIT in U.S., _ui_ elsewhere).  Publish your
key.  Tell your friends.  Annoy your family.  Irrate your boss   My wife suggested that my activities would have gotten me 40 years ago.  I suggest that the NSA would like to do exactly that to
individuals like Bidzos and PRZ, but it is too late (and the net would make it virtually impossible anyway).  Besides, some things are worth fighting for.
Dave rightly suggests that "black-listing" and other stigmatizing and threatening
inhibit the rights of citizens.  Such attacks also intimidate others who learn of the assault on organizations and persons and who fear they may become targets.  To oppose this it seems also right that any attack we learn about should be posted in this forum, at the least.
Please post who else NSA -- and its like -- has threatened besides Bidzos and PRZ.

@_date: 1994-06-28 13:24:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bidzos and RSA 
Dave Otto posted today:
<  I think the issue, at this point, is not so much whether the NSA goons
<actually threatened his life, but that they have consistently attempted to
<suppress crypto anyway they can.  That the NSA has tried to <Bidzos is no secret.  That the NSA considers PGP a threat to their domain
<is also well known.
<  Given that the purpose of the ITAR restrictions appear to be to prevent
<an international standard from forming, I think we need to refocus on the
<issue of presenting strong crypto as "a right", inevitable, and ubiquitous.
<  CPSR and EFF are doing an admirable job of taking the fight to the beltway;
<but outside the net, the grass roots support just isn't there.  As has been
<pointed out by PRZ et al., the primary reason to avoided hacks to PGP is
<that doing so fragments what standards we have now.  The release of the
<MIT PGP was the first step in legitimizing cryptography.  The next step is
<to install interoperable crypto on EVERY box out there.  While I don't
<advocate bypassing your local sysadmin, try to get PGP installed on each
<machine you touch.  Use 2.6 (MIT in U.S., _ui_ elsewhere).  Publish your
<key.  Tell your friends.  Annoy your family.  Irrate your boss <  My wife suggested that my activities would have gotten me <40 years ago.  I suggest that the NSA would like to do exactly that to
<individuals like Bidzos and PRZ, but it is too late (and the net would make <it virtually impossible anyway).  Besides, some things are worth fighting for.
Dave rightly suggests that black-listing and other such stigmatizing and
threatening offenses inhibit the rights of citizens.  These attacks also
intimidate others who learn of the aggression on organizations and persons
and who fear they may become targets themselves.
To oppose these offenses it seems also right that any attack we learn about
should be posted in this forum, at the least.
Please post who else NSA -- and its like -- has threatened besides Bidzos
and PRZ.

@_date: 1994-06-30 17:03:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: (Fwd) What motivates Crypto-folk? 
Forwarding message by scmayo at rschp2.anu.edu.au
Organization: Australian National University
The question in the subject of this thread may seem dumb to some people  in this group, but I'm curious about how varied the motivations  of  crypto-using people are.
I got PGP running on my machine a few weeks ago because I liked the  idea of being able to communicate privately if I wanted, as I felt  that email was much more insecure than other forms of communication.  I started reading some of the crypto stuff on WWW and noticed a political trend in the motivations of many of the people who are 'big' in the crypto scene in the US. The motivation for these people's interest in  cryptography seems to stem from a strong libertarian viewpoint, which  incidentally often seems to coincide with strong views about the right to bear arms. It may seem that I am being particularly naive in being  surprised by this but I am from the UK where libertarian views of this  kind are not so widely held. I have never held a hand gun and have no desire to do so. Similarly my motivations for using cryptography come simply from a desire for privacy from Govt. and other snooping but NOT  from the 'cyber-survivalist' inclinations that seem to motivate some in  the US at least. I read some stuff on Vince Cate's WWW site by Tim May about how crypto was going to bring down governments due to (legal?) tax evasion by those who are computer literate . I have to say that I think this is highly unlikely (and to be fair, Vince's site included an article by Hal Finney agreeing with my view). I know that Tim May's views are considered to  be extreme by some, but more moderate people seem to hold the view that crypto and also cyberspace (god I hate these buzzwords) in general herald an age of 'survival of the fittest' where those clued up about computers will be able to take advantage and do better due to paying less taxes  etc.
Personally I have no desire to evade tax since I quite like being able  to drive on tarmac without holes, and having schooling and health care  provided for all with the richer folk subsidising the poorer folk. I  realise my views are anathema to the libertarian and I'm curious to know  if there are other crypto users (I would NEVER call myself a cypherpunk :-)  who's interest stems from a left-wing rather than right-wing viewpoint.  I should point out that I consider tha libertarian/crypto-anarchist views  I've outlined above to be an extreme form of the (right-wing) philosphy of individualism. I'd never come across a right-wing anarchist before reading the crypto groups - weird!
Your thoughts please,

@_date: 1994-06-30 17:05:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: (Fwd) Bidzos life threatened? 
Forwarding message by gtoal at an-teallach.com
Several years ago lots of British scientists died under mysterious  circumstances.  They were generally described as 'defence scientists'  but what a significant number of them had in common was work in  the area of surveillance.  Several of them were connected to UK's  system X.  I posted a long piece at the time (now lost, sorry)  hypothesising that what was going on was internecine warfare betweem  the UK and USA governments departments responsible for fitting  surveillance assistance to their telephone exchanges for contracts  with foreign countries.  (One UK govt official was found dead in  his hotel room in an arab country while there at a trade fair in  an unofficial capacity helping to promotye system X).  At that time  the UK govt had a clear lead in selling bugged exchanges because complete surveillance capability was designed in to system X -  the USA doesn't have it everywhere yet - just in exchanges from  co-operative suppliers. (Hence the 'wiretap' FBI bill, to get  everyone else to play ball too).  The ability to remotely monitor  all the phone system of a foreign country would be *extremely*  valuable to an agency like the CIA or GCHQ.  Personally I don't  doubt it's worth killing for, in their view.
It was also my view when I suggested this hypothesis some years  ago that the phone systems were being sold to these countries by  telling the respective governments that *they* could use them for  surveillance purposes.  My suspicion was that there would be extra  code buried in the switches that the customers did not know about  which would enable remote callers to use the surveillance options  too, without the host country or telco being aware of them. This  latter capability being top secret and the risk of it being made  known by disaffected employees perhaps being the reason why some  of them were killed by our own security agencies.  Hence why the  multiple suspicious deaths were never properly investigated (or at  least the investigations made public - MI5 couldn't expose the USA  dirty tricks without exposing their own.)
This is all highly speculative and I don't stand by it, I just  offer it as a hypothesis.

@_date: 1994-06-30 20:19:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: What motivates Crypto-folk? 
Thanks for your thoughtful comments.  However the message was not by me but by Sherry May .
I forwarded it from talk.politics.crypto where it has produced an interesting thread with good discussions.  Tim May pointed to this thread on c'punks a few days ago and has joined the fray there.
I agree with Tim's statement there that Sherry has initiated a topic of substance by her letter.  I hope that c'punks will respond as well.

@_date: 1994-06-30 21:01:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Detweiler clone at WSJ 
A less prurient article on youngsters use of online services appeared in The New York Times today.  Titled "In Cyberspace, and Talking to Strangers", by Felicity Barringer.
Barringer states:  "... there are precious few people who have been parents in the computer age.  In matters electronic, the children rule."
After recounting concern for her son's safety during a few mildly racy incidents online, she concludes that he will learn to cope with whatever comes up.  And that after giving him "his electronic safety pointers, it's time to let him go".

@_date: 1994-11-20 08:32:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on MS Network 
Laurie Flynn writes today twofer on MS Network and newbie 1/3 pres Robert Herbold.
     For combo send blank message with subject:  NET_puf

@_date: 1994-11-21 06:42:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on MCI Net Shop 
Edmund Andrews writes today on MCI plan to offer Internet shopping protected by RSA encryption.
     For e-mail copy send blank message with subject:  MCI_buy

@_date: 1994-11-21 19:28:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: (Fwd) electronic signatures for CAD 
Forwarding  message by tommy at Fateepee.CAM.ORG
End Forward

@_date: 1994-11-22 09:03:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on DNA Compute 
If anyone wants to know the NYT has a longish article today on Leonard Adleman's experiment using DNA as a molecular computer.  It amplifies the Science article mentioned here earlier and quotes several computer scientists who praise the work.
To see it, send a blank message with subject:  DNA_la

@_date: 1994-11-22 11:32:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Brad Templeton, ClariNet, and remailers 
Responding to msg by collins at newton.apple.com (Scott Collins) on Tue, 22 Nov 11:5  AM
A couple of months ago a registered threatening letter from who cares appeared near here about my posting a ClariNet article to this list.  It was ignored and after a couple of weeks returned itself in shame.  End of story.
Everyone knows I would never ever post copyrighted material to this list unless an insane over-riding out-of-control compulsion forced me to do so against the scientificly-rational self-preserving law-abiding judgment I've had rammed down my obedient brain since

@_date: 1994-11-23 05:33:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: (Fwd) Re: NSA seems to be lobbying against bank use of triple-DES 
Forwarding Cyberia-L mail by: dcain at pioneer.uspto.gov (David Cain) on Wed, 23 Nov  7:8  AM
cannot break it.
triple-DES cannot be
overseas, since all
Although NSA will neither confirm nor deny  one of the fundamental principles of cryptography is that any encryption system which cannot be broken is also inefficient - like the one-time-pad.  NSA may be concerned with allocation of CRAY resources, but I doubt they are concerned about the viability of breaking triple-DES.
One of the most important concepts of cryptography is that false security is worse than poor security, for if you are aware of a system's vulnerability, you can guard the weak points.  NSA's point that layering encryptions not only doesn't strengthen the security, but may create patterning that is more susceptible to differential analysis than a single DES pass, is an important one.  More is frequently less in crypto.
Now, I have no more insight into NSA motivations than the next shmoe, but the objections they raise are legitimate from a security standpoint.
As for independent creation in Europe, there is a component to "real" hardware DES which is classified.
Primary Examiner USPTO
  David Cain                   *    Speaking for no one          *  Escape to find the shining light   dcain at uspto.gov              *   Borne within evolving sight  dcain at osf1.gmu.edu           *

@_date: 1994-11-23 06:42:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: (Fwd)      news spoke 
Forwarding Design-L mail by:  () on Nov 23       This message revealed itself yesterday on my shell account.  This could
   be some arbitrary law going down in the present, even worse than the
   McCarthy era witchunt.  So much silence, even for academic    and system administrators decide whom to prosecute for relevance.  ___________  UNIX(r) System V Release 4.0 (gold.tc.umn.edu)
This system is for the use of authorized account holders only.
Individuals using this computer system without authority, or in excess  of their authority, are subject to having all of their activities on  this system monitored and recorded by system In the course of monitoring individuals improperly using this system,  or in the course of routine system maintenance, the activities of  authorized account holders may also be Anyone using this system expressly consents to such monitoring and is  advised that if such monitoring reveals possible evidence of criminal  activity, system personnel may provide the evidence gathered to law  enforcement officials.

@_date: 1994-11-25 15:34:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: E-Money 
Mr. Steven Levy writes an admirable article on "E-Money" in December Wired, with emphasis on Chaum's venture, along with various opinions of e-cash systems, the role of cryptography and the salient thoughts of Mr. Eric Hughes.
Mr. Levy, I pray, will excuse my quoting two provocative excerpts to induce reading the whole piece:
"Corleta Brueck, the project manager for the IRS's Document Processing System, described some of the IRS's plans.  These include the so-called 'Golden Eagle' return, in which the government automatically gathers all relevant aspects of a person's finances, sorts them into approriate categories and then tallies the tax due.  'One stop service,' as Brueck puts it.  This information would be fed to other government agencies, as well as states and municipalities, which would draw upon it for their own purposes.  She vows 'absolutely' that this will happen, assuming that Americans will be grateful to be relieved of the burden of filing any taxes.  The government will simply take its due." . . .
"[Brueck continues] 'We know everyting about you that we need to know.  Your employer tells us everything about you that we need to know. Your activity records on your credit cards tell us everything about you that we need to know.  Through interface with Social Security, with the DMV, with your banking institutions, we really have a lot of information . . . We could literally file a return for you.  This is the future we'd like to go to.' "
* * *
"It isn't the future that David Chaum would like to go to, and in hopes of preventing that degree of openess in an individual's affairs, he continues doggedly in his crusade for privacy. . . . He thinks that if an economic system that tracks all transactions comes to cyberspace, the result would be much worse than in the physical world.  'Cyberspace doesn't have all the physical constraints,' he says.  'There are not walls . . . it's a different, scary, weird place, and with identification it's a panopticon nightmare.' "
End quotes.
And, yes, for the Chaum-uncharmed, Mr. Chaum was rude to Mr. Levy.  Whether Mr. L. is rude in kind to Mr. C. is an exercise left to the reader.

@_date: 1994-11-26 15:44:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Hiding Cash (Re: Privacy Digest) 
Sorry to fall asleep at the switch, but Gary Jeffers posts on The Privacy Digest and those of Black Unicorn and Critias jogged me to note that The New York Times had two articles on Friday about a UN conference on control of money laundering and the flight of German capital to Luxembourg banks to escape high Both articles describe the resistance of banks to government snooping, and how laws are being modified to try to keep up with increasing demand for cash havens and/or laundering.
Luxembourg", these excerpts:
     "Since 1993, when the Finance Ministry in Bonn imposed a 30 percent withholding tax on interest income for residents, Germans by the thousands have used Luxembourg to carry out a quiet but powerful tax revolt.
     Carrying suitcases and plastic bags of cash, they have deposited $150 billion in Luxembourg bank accounts, placing it beyond the reach of the tax authorities in Bonn, and behind the screen of Luxembourg's rigid bank secrecy laws. . . .
     [Description of Germany's proposal that all European Union banks agree to withhold taxes on interest income for the various governments and the banks' demurs.]
     'People think they are overtaxed and so they are looking at every way possible to avoid paying taxes,' said a banking lobbyist in Bonn who insisted on anonymity.  'We assume that if people deposit their money in Luxembourg, they will pay taxes.  If they don't, that is a political problem for the government, not the banks.  We are not policemen.' "
     For an e-mail copy of this article send blank message with subject:   LUX_out

@_date: 1994-11-26 19:17:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: UN_nab (Re: an137768) 
Responding to msg by an137768 at anon.penet.fi () on Sun, 27 Nov  1:16 AM
Dear an137768,
Penet.fi middle-digited the Pink Bunny Mailbot here in rejection of UN_nab.
PBM is fearfully quivering now awaiting a planetary address to flip your request.
Please try again with return-tattoo and blank message with subject:  UN_nab.

@_date: 1994-11-27 07:44:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Satellite Radio 
Peter Passell writes longish article today on the company CD Radio and other ventures to sat-cast digital radio nationwide.
One excerpt:  "with digital technology, satellite broadcasters can stuff dozens of channels of CD-quality, interference-resistant programming into a narrow ban of Has there not been discussion here before about the use of this technology in lieu of hard-wire for the Net?
     For e-mail copy send blank message with subject:  SAT_rad

@_date: 1994-11-28 19:37:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: UN_nab  (Re: an96489) 
Responding to msg by an96489 at anon.penet.fi () on Tue, 29 Nov  1:8  AM
Dear an96489,
Penet.fi warning jams lob of UN_nab.
Kiss twice wid nice nym-id.

@_date: 1994-11-29 10:52:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Transparent Email 
Responding to msg by eric at remailer.net (Eric Hughes) on Mon, 28 Nov  9:54 PM
Does not everyone get a complete header like the one below from Eric's post with incoming mail?  This is presented automagically by The Pipeline's system.
I had assumed that because every mail received here has such a header that everyone else could also see who sent my mail, signed or not.  That is why I have not signed my posts.
BTW, Pipeline does not allow anonymously-sent direct mail -- as a take it or leave it policy.  So we cannot manipulate headers to forge from this Windows-driven end.
John Young (redundantly, I thought)

@_date: 1994-11-29 11:30:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Transparent Email 
Knumbskull Alert!
On the transparent e-mail topic, I send the presumably anonymous mail headers below received here by way of The Pipeline provider.
Would some kind soul verify that the headers do not disclose the true ID or true address or true path other true info that would identify the prayerfully anonymous sender?
Every piece of mail coming here has such headers. Does everyone else get the same?
FWIW,  the mail system automagically lists the sender and the subject in a neat chart, and hides the header if commanded to do so, or reveals it to the prying mind.
John Young (signing until forbidden)
PS:  It's true that Pipeline was cracked last Saturday and the system shut down for a while "due to a security breach".  The story in the WSJ about the "Internet Liberation Front" explained more than we clueless subscribers were allowed to know -- as the story said, corporations don't want us babes to know about our vulnerabilities, we might demand better service.
Chaos.bsu Header (spooge):
   Received: from relay2.UU.NET (relay2.UU.NET [192.48.96.7]) by pipeline.com (8.6.9/8.6.9) with ESMTP id KAA26339 for ; Mon, 28 Nov 1994 10:09:55 -0500  Received: from toad.com by relay2.UU.NET with SMTP toad.com id AA25960; Mon, 28 Nov 94 07:01:07 PST
Received: from bsu-cs.bsu.edu by toad.com id AA25954; Mon, 28 Nov 94 07:01:03 PST
Received: (from nowhere at localhost) by bsu-cs.bsu.edu (8.6.9/8.6.6) id KAA16037 for cypherpunks at toad.com; Mon, 28 Nov 1994 10:00:55 -0500
Message-Id: <199411281500.KAA16037 at bsu-cs.bsu.edu>
X-Remailed-By: Anonymous X-Ttl: 2
X-Notice: This message was forwarded by a software-
contents of this message are neither condoned by nor approved
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
Precedence: bulk
Content-Length: 105
Nately Header:
   Received: from relay2.UU.NET (relay2.UU.NET [192.48.96.7]) by pipeline.com (8.6.9/8.6.9) with ESMTP id WAA12434 for ; Sat, 26 Nov 1994 22:50:31 -0500  Received: from toad.com by relay2.UU.NET with SMTP toad.com id AA02097; Sat, 26 Nov 94 19:47:48 PST
Received: from ucsd.edu by toad.com id AA02091; Sat, 26 Nov 94 19:47:45 PST
Received: from nately.UCSD.EDU by ucsd.edu; id TAA19011
Received: by nately.UCSD.EDU (4.1/UCSDGENERIC.4)
Message-Id: <9411270350.AA12222 at nately.UCSD.EDU>
Comments: This message did not originate from the above address.  It was automatically remailed by an anonymous mail service.  Please report inappropriate use to Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
Precedence: bulk
Content-Length: 978
CC:     IN%"storm at marlin.ssnet.com"
Subj:   Need program pointers
Access Header (Uni):
   Received: from relay2.UU.NET (relay2.UU.NET [192.48.96.7]) by pipeline.com (8.6.9/8.6.9) with ESMTP id PAA21937 for ; Sat, 26 Nov 1994 15:40:51 -0500  Received: from toad.com by relay2.UU.NET with SMTP toad.com id AA24978; Sat, 26 Nov 94 12:17:51 PST
Received: from access3.digex.net by toad.com id AA24972; Sat, 26 Nov 94 12:17:40 PST
Received: by access3.digex.net id AA16948
  (5.67b8/IDA-1.5 for cypherpunks at toad.com); Sat, 26 Nov 1994 15:17:29 -0500
Message-Id: Mime-Version: 1.0
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
Precedence: bulk
Content-Length: 1332

@_date: 1994-11-29 12:43:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Dr Dobb's Info Way 
Dr. Dobb's has a special Winter issue on the "Information Highway" which includes a good long article on the economics of the system, past, present and future, and another fine piece on e-mail security by Bruce Schneier.  That's Winter 1994, Volume 19, Issue 14.

@_date: 1994-10-01 13:56:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EFFy Wiretap Win? 
EFF what say you about this?
Excerpts from WSJ, September 30, 1994, p. B5
Bill Would Ensure
Law Enforcement
Is Able to Tap Wires
By Mary Lu Carnevale
Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
 WASHINGTON - The House Judiciary Committee cleared
a bill that would require telephone companies to
ensure that their networks remain accessible to law
enforcement wiretaps.
 But key lawmakers agreed to changes aimed at
appeasing local phone companies. The modifications
largely spell out that phone companies won't be
forced to pay to modify their existing networks to
comply with the measure. They are expected to be
included in the bill before it goes to the House
floor, possibly as early as Tuesday.
 A similar measure sailed through the Senate
Judiciary Committee earlier this week on a 16-1
vote. Though little time remains in the current
Congress, the legislation could squeak through.
* * *
 The agreement, details of which are being ironed
out, also aims to protect individuals' privacy
rights; prevent phone companies or law-enforcement
agencies from installing or ordering unnecessary
upgrades; and ensure that the changes have the
least possible effect on phone rates and
phone-company efforts to build advanced
communications networks.
 The legislation is separate from the Clinton
administration's controversial "Clipper Chip"
proposal that would have mandated an encryption
standard for computer and communications equipment.
That failed proposal would have let law-enforcement
agencies decipher any calls or messages that had
been encoded.

@_date: 1994-10-03 08:08:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Anarchy-X Notification 
Got about a dozen of these in the last couple of days.
Should I fear or embrace Organization:  Anarchy-X?
Sounds good but TLA maybe?
Forwarding mail by: "ROOT" () on Mon, 03 Oct  1:1  AM
   Received: from netcomsv.netcom.com (uucp4.netcom.com [163.179.3.4]) by pipeline.com (8.6.9/8.6.9) with ESMTP id EAA02169 for ; Mon, 3 Oct 1994 04:45:26 -0400
Received: from ax.com by netcomsv.netcom.com with UUCP Received: by ax.com (UUPU-1.42)
Message-Id: <9410030101.D1115pj at ax.com>
X-Mailer: UUPlus Mail 1.42
Content-Length: 377
     NON-DELIVERY NOTICE
     -------------------
The message you sent on:
Unknown to "ROOT" was undeliverable.
========================= !!! Automated Notice !!!  E-mail replies to this user should have the following on the first line   of message text:        TO: "ROOT"

@_date: 1994-10-03 15:14:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Humorous / Chilling FOIA Requests 
Responding to msg by ogd at selway.umt.edu (ozymandias G desiderata) on Mon, 03 Oct 11:49 AM
The best I heard is that of a fairly noteworthy 60s radical who asked for his FBI file and was completely demoralized to learn that his FOIA request was the first and only item in his brand new file.
No one there cared about him until then -- or so he was told.  Since then I have heard that this was a
technique used by the LEAs to blow people away and discourage them from getting their real files.
Quite illegal, to be sure, but well within approved procedures of the time.  Probably still done.

@_date: 1994-10-04 17:45:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYC C'PUNKS MEETING 
Responding to msg by yusuf921 at raven.csrv.uidaho.edu (Herbie) on Tue, 4 Oct  4:7  PM
I know that 315 W. 106th is a prison barge moored 500 feet off-shore in the Hudson River toward Jersey.  It also serves as a testing laboratory for rubber hoses and the removing of hair and blood therefrom.
However, take the address number, semi-reverse, hack by Omega, parse to the left, bend over, chant Dixie in Sanskrit, and the safe house address will appear on your SS card in twisted bar code.  Hold the code close to your right lobe, left hand clinched on the chest, whistle Aida diachronically and you will be rocketed to the next station into a soft-landing in a tub of jellied non-alcoholic beverage.  Sandy will lift you by the short hairs and take you to the party, provided you have persuasive ID anonymously Meet these conditions or trust that Sandy's post is not a set

@_date: 1994-10-05 07:16:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT Libertarian News 
Good and bad news in today's NYT on a controversial new libertarian (I think) community.
Here's the good news, or maybe bad, quote:
Kamiah, Idaho -- Ever since Lewis and Clark sloshed their way through this valley 100 years ago, some people have viewed the Pacific Northwest as a refuge for the kind of behavior that might get a person run out of town in other parts of the . . . now comes retired Lieut. Col. James (Bo) Gritz, a Vietnam-era Green Beret and onetime Populist Party candidate for President, with what is likely to be the first community ever built around fear and hatred of the Federal Government.
Mr. Gritz, who discovered Idaho during the Presidential campaign, says he is a patriot who has become disgusted with the "cesspool" of public schools, the "grip of the international bankers" on the nation's currency, and "an encroaching, ravenous, predator Government," which wants to disarm the citizenry and force people to carry health cards.
. . . in an advertisement for his paramilitary programs, he says, "You will learn what weapon and ammunition type is best in times of grave peril; how to carry, draw, hold and efficiently engage multiple targets.
It is this kind of language that has many people worried that their hamlet will become the next Waco.
"The tyrants who ordered the assault on Waco should be tried and executed as traitors," Mr. Gritz wrote in a recent issue of his newsletter.
. . . Mr. Gritz said, "I want a community where if the F.B.I. looks at us, they'll end up saying it's more trouble than it's End quote.
The bad news, or maybe good, is that the Times then goes on to ridicule Mr. Gritz and his cohorts.
Anyone want this by e-mail?
John

@_date: 1994-10-05 07:26:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on TeleTheft 
Long article today on widespread international calling-card fraud -- stealing and selling numbers to and by computer hackers around the world -- and Secret Service and other LEAs current traps, investigations, arrests and indictments.
Don't call if you want e-mail copy, they're about to bust you.
This looks like one of "threats" the Wiretap Bill (and maybe the newly chastened CIA) hopes to squash.

@_date: 1994-10-05 09:12:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Hitler's not dead is he? 
Responding to msg by nobody at jpunix.com (Anonymous) on Wed, 5 Oct  1:51 AM
Er, Hitler was a National Socialist.  In those days, as now, everyone used the term indiscriminately, just like "fascist", "free market", "capitalist", "commie", and so on.
Everybody gotta try to be more entertainingly original and it ain't easy, at least for me.
Play the cryptography game, where no one knows for sure what's real or phony, where anyone can talk the talk like Jim Bidzos, and so on.
We're all in the same doodoo together, name-calling by anonymous crypto or not, and so on it goes.
John (looking for people wanting to sell ad space on their sigs; I been educated to buy into others stuff rather than think up something original, that's why I post so much from the

@_date: 1994-10-06 11:58:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: No Guts, No Glory 
Responding to msg by warrior at infinet.com ("David M. Harvey I") on Thu, 6 Oct 12:3  PM
************  Take Heads!|  ************  Dave's sig and nom de guerre is taking a beating in today's NYT where there is a story about the US military carefully planning to avoid casualties in warfare.
It also reports that the brave white collars in think tanks think it's a terrible prospect because then no one will believe that the US is tough, and tough minds know that "casualites are And how will healthy young men and women be taught guts, honor, victory, and so on by periodically turning a bunch of them and their foes into salsa and crispy critters for evening news But Dave can still show his humorous sig in a VA abattoir of mangled ex-warriors if he really wants to enjoy the sad communion of misled youngsters.

@_date: 1994-10-06 17:41:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Government vs. Markets 
Responding to msg by jamesd at netcom.com (James A. Donald) on Thu, 6 Oct  3:50 PM
But preaching is all socialists do, to their favor.  I'm no socialist (failed the exam) but I like them a lot for their earnest preaching, it just makes me feel aligned with other people who are also too confused to act.  But then I like preaching of all sorts, this list in particular, because it's so much more pleasant than having to do something wrong to somebody in the name of a cause demented beyond human Action movies and spy novels make sense, okay, maybe science-fiction too, but real action usually hurts innocent people and the nuts-for-it scare me like the Devil and they should be gently turned away to find peace for their throbbing glands, way back there.
Thank Mother God for preachers of all faiths, mindless-entertainment, universities-of-useless-wisdom, junk food,  and computers to keep we rabble lazily disorganized, out of harm's way and harmless to all.

@_date: 1994-09-01 17:27:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Government and Repression 
Responding to msg by ianf at simple.sydney.sgi.com ("Ian Farquhar") on Fri, 2 Sep  8:32 AM
An enlightened view like this is never off topic where nuclear weapons and molten spray in tank hulls are chatted up with relish.  State-mandated homicide gotta have its dehumanized professionals to do the dirty work.
And your suggestion of giving kids the vote at an earlier age adds sane countervalence to the
     parent /
     teacher /
     caseworker /
     cop /
     prison guard /
     executioner
escape from responsibility algorithm.

@_date: 1994-09-01 18:29:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Revisionist History of the US....:( (fwd) 
Responding to msg by chen at intuit.com (Mark Chen) on Thu, 1 Sep  4:47 PM
Jim and Mark,
Sound remarks about domestic upheavals.
Parallel to these, it should be added that internal strife has declined as US foreign interventions have increased.  From Teddy Roosevelt forward, whenever domestic strain builds, there just happens to be an urgent matter somewhere else that needs patriotic attention to our "national interests".
Soothing, addictive, social and economic bribes flow from warmaking -- industrial growth, jobs, education, research, technological advances.
A bitching citizenry is a happy citizenry where domestic Government affairs are concerned, but the most obedient people are those united against a foreign foe.  Lesson 1 of world affairs leadership.

@_date: 1994-09-02 06:43:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: OFFSHORE DIGITAL BANKS 
Responding to msg by tcmay at netcom.com (Timothy C. May) on Wed, 31 Aug  4:8  PM
[Elision of US foreign interventions]
As a newcomer to this list I'm interested your views, and those of others, on how crypto and related topics may be used in responding to US interventions abroad and their domestic consequences.  Blending these views into discussions on other matters is just fine; I'll continue to pick out the parts that catch my eye.
Much list discussion seems to focus on internal affairs of the US with periodic comments from those members outside.  My sense is that our laments about internal abuses of the USG will not be answered until we address the external policies that are used to justify these abuses.
Since so much of the power of the USG derives from "national security" responsibilities -- diplomacy, military, intelligence

@_date: 1994-09-02 07:40:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cable TV's new specs require leaky encryption 
Responding to msg by shamrock at netcom.com (Lucky Green) on Thu, 1 Sep 11:22 PM
Yeah, that's what the guy that blew away the NBC worker here in NYC believed.
Maybe he read about tiny surveillance cameras and mikes that can be hidden in the VCR or cable box, so advertisers say, and transmit by cable or radio.

@_date: 1994-09-02 13:55:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Revisionist History of the US....:( (fwd) 
Responding to msg by ravage at bga.com (Jim choate) on Fri, 2 Sep 10:8  AM
Yes.  The external threat to the US has diminished, let's hope, to where some resources, human and material, can be applied to ways to make an advanced society serve its citizenry without resorting to fear of foreign boogies.
The way that the surveillance satellite systems of the US and the USSR helped to reduce fear of military planners is instructive.  This non-lethal technology, though expensive, made, and continues to make,  accidental nuclear war less likely, and seems to me to be a great service to the world's Aggressive weapons systems may be similarly replaced by non-lethal technology as scientists and technologists are asked to device such apparatus.
Fear of economic and social deprivation might also benefit from the talents of those who once produced the tools of the Cold War and hot regional conflicts you mention.
Further, this list offers other ways to envision a society less dependent on the national security rubric of big Government, and may thereby support alternative local initiatives for economic and civil affairs.
Kudos for this non-lethal work.
John

@_date: 1994-09-03 08:27:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NY Times Fears C'punks 
The New York Times Magazine, p. 23
September 4, 1994
Method and Madness
Nicolas Wade
Little Brother
Not so long ago, high technology was seen as the likely handmaiden of
totalitarian government, with surveillance systems and central tracking  every citizen from cradle to grave. By a strange turn events, what is now in progress is the very opposite of that So many powerful technologies are streaming into private hands Government is struggling to protect even the bare minimum of legitimate domains.
Once only governments could launch photoreconnaissance satellites; now
the C.I A. is anxiously trying to curb commercial systems that discern objects as small as a yard across, high-enough resolution to
interest generals as much as geologists. A fleet of satellites designed to give military commanders their exact anywhere in the world is now in essence available to anyone; Pentagon has let the public listen in on a degraded signal, but
commercial vendors with clever algorithms can restore it to
near-military accuracy.
The computers that tie together the Government's information have become increasingly porous. The better their security systems, the
more tempting the challenge. Earlier this year the Pentagon that a coterie of computer hackers had penetrated large parts of its
sensitive though unclassified computer network and had even control of several military computers.
Think tanks and academics have warned for years, quite erroneously, that
terrorists would avail themselves of nuclear, chemical or weapons; it hasn't happened, because none of these items are easy to use
and simpler means have always been available. But the samples of stolen
Russian uranium and plutonium that have recently been captured Germany are a clear warning that this blithe era of security may now be
The samples seem to have come from reactor fuel and laboratories, not
nuclear warheads. But that is small comfort, especially in view of new
calculations that only one kilogram (2.2 pounds) of plutonium is needed
to make a bomb, not eight kilograms as was generally assumed. And the
smugglers caught by the German police were hawking four kilograms for a
mere $250 million.
Perhaps the most surprising democratization of high technology is that of
cryptography, once an elite art of those who guarded Government's most
precious secrets. The first serious challenge to the National Agency's ability to crack almost everyone else's ciphers came from an
ingenious coding approach created in academe in the mid-1970's and known
as the public key cryptosystem. The commercial sponsor sold the to American companies but was not allowed to export it. Then in 1991, a
Colorado computer expert, Philip R. Zimmermann, produced a apparently based on this system, which he named Pretty Good Privacy. A
copy of Pretty Good Privacy found its way onto the Internet, free to
takers from all countries, and all of a sudden Government-class became available to everyone. Zimmermann's next project is to develop a
pretty secure citizen's phone that scrambles conversations.
At this point, of course, it's possible to wonder if the humiliation of
Big Brother isn't being taken beyond reasonable limits. Some monopolies are not so bad: the use of force, for one. If you believe the
F.B.I. is bugging your conversations, you'll want to see Zimmermann in
the inventors' hall of fame; if terrorism and organized crime seem the
more immediate threats, the universal right to absolute privacy less compelling.
Is it possible for the state to get too weak in relation to its adversaries? That's the last thought that occurs to Americans across a
wide spectrum of opinion, from free market economists to civil
libertarians. From a variety of motives, they persistently call governmental power to be curbed. The present headlong democratization of
high technology is the flower of a decade of economic deregulation, and
of the fading influence of military procurement as a driver of The state is so familiar a political structure that its endurance is
hard to doubt. For economists and political analysts, it is the unit of account. Yet in his recent book, "The Transformation of the noted military historian Martin van Creveld argues that since modern
states are no longer able to fight each other for fear of nuclear war,
conventional warfare, too, has become outmoded. Since the purpose of
states (at least in the view of military historians) is to fight each
other, states that cannot do so must sooner or later yield to
organizations that will, like sects, tribes and cults.
"In North America and Western Europe, future war-making entities will
probably resemble the Assassins, the group which ... terrorized medieval Middle East for two centuries," van Creveld predicts. armed forces, as has happened in Lebanon, will degenerate into forces or mere armed gangs; the day of the condottieri will Van Creveld is not the only analyst to fear for the state. From different reasoning, the political scientist Samuel P. Huntington argued
in a widely read essay in Foreign Affairs last year that world would be shaped in future by clashes between cultures and religions. As
the West loses its military and economic predominance, the
counterresponse from the rest of the world will be couched in and cultural terms: "The fault lines between civilizations will be the
battle lines of the future," he wrote.
Even without fully embracing these forecasts of the state's it's hard to ignore such recent incidents as the bombing of the Trade Center or the car bombings of Jewish organizations in Buenos Aires
and London. Terrorists with secure phones, satellite maps, positioning and a sophisticated understanding of modern systems could bring down not just a few buildings but large sections of
a modern economy.
Big Brother is dead. The only serious likelihood of his lies in reaction to the chaos and disintegration that an era of Brothers might bring.

@_date: 1994-09-04 09:08:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: \"Reputations\" are more than just nominalist hot air 
Responding to msg by jamesd at netcom.com (James A. Donald) on Sat, 3 Sep 11:51 PM
*  *  *
Your elaboration of this claim, to echo Tim's later post,  would be welcomed.
Tim has mentioned before that "off topic" is solved by artful weaving.  Please do.

@_date: 1994-09-04 19:26:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Problems with anonymous escrow 2--response 
Responding to msg by jamesd at netcom.com (James A. Donald) on Sun, 4 Sep 11:24 AM
Your answers to Hal and Tim have been enlightening.
And your attempt to move away from nominalism to improve precision of language and to ward off inadverdent undermining of fundamentals, is admirable, that is, if I understand your objections to Hal's proposals correctly.
Perhaps to avoid counter-objections that matters of definition all to often lead back into nominalistic debates, you will be able to suggest practical examples of what you mean by "dangerous", "frightful", "serious consequences", "kicking the crucial foundation out from under freedom", and the like.  Sometimes these melodramatic terms obscure rather than point toward concrete situations that will convey your intentions more effectively.
Your strong feelings on these matters are clear, but I for one do not know what you would do in place of what Hal, and others, are proposing, to build and sustain reputations in the electronic realm.  Not, to be sure, to undermine what is valid in brickspace, but how such firm foundations might be extended, even emulated occasionally, in the cyber realm.
I don't yet see these efforts as threatening as you claim.  When you get a chance, your specific examples would help.

@_date: 1994-09-05 08:39:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Doors of Perception 2: '@HOME' Conference (Very Long) 
Forwarding mail by: HRL at PSUVM.PSU.EDU (Howard Ray Lawrence 814 238 9535) on      - - The original note follows - -
Doors of Perception 2: ' Conference
4+5+6 November 1994
RAI Congress Center Amsterdam
the Netherlands
*Doors of Perception* is an important meeting point for all those  interested in the design challenge of interactivity. The first conference,  in November 1993, was attended at relatively short notice by nearly 700  people from 20 countries.
*Aim of the conference
The 1994 conference, which is organised by the Netherlands Design Institute  with Mediamatic Magazine, will further develop discussion about culture,  context and innovation. The subject's importance was well put by Terry  Winograd: 'major leaps only happen when someone has a new insight into the
larger picture, and can escape from the old context'. That is the aim of  *Doors 2*.
Speakers will focus on a particular context, 'home' - as market, as  metaphor, and as myth. Industry has great expectations for home as a site  for new products, as an outlet for entertainment and information services,  and as a place of work. But when a new technology enters a culture, the  culture changes. What does that mean for 'home'?
design,  philosophy, anthropology, and psychology, speakers will consider the  cultural impact of technology on work and play, home and school, learning  and entertainment. They will compare the qualities of telematic space and  domestic space. They will talk about real nomads and telematic nomads. They will analyse changes to our  sense of place, both public and private. They will look at the psychology  of belonging - to a family, group, or community. They will explore the  architecture of information, and the creation of shared meaning, in  virtual communities.
The point of this debate is that uncritical assumptions, and a crude use of  'real world' metaphors about the home, can actually stifle innovation. Vast  resources are being devoted to digital versions of existing human  activities - teleshopping, video-on-demand, telecommuting; but attempts to  create entirely new uses for the technologies have been unambitious, to say
the least. Doors of Perception gives equal emphasis to thinking and doing.  It is not a trade show - neither is it exclusive: chief executives and  young creatives are equally 'at home' at this unique event.
*The organisers
Vormgevingsinstituut / Netherlands Design Institute  Tel: +31 (0)20 5516500  Fax: +31 (0)20 620 1031
e-mail: doors at nvi.mediamatic.hacktic.nl
Mediamatic Magazine
Tel: +31 (0)20 6266262 Fax: +31 (0)20 6263793
To receive *Doors 2 electronic newsletter* send  e-mail to: listserv at mediamatic.hacktic.nl  The message should mention: 'subscribe home'
*The Speakers
*Christopher Alexander
author of 'A Pattern Language: Towns, Buildings, Construction': After a  ten-year silence, Christopher Alexander and his colleagues at the Center  for Environmental Strucure published a major statement in the form of three  books which will, in their words, 'lay the basis for an entirely new  approach to architecture, building and planning, which will replace  existing ideas and practices entirely'. At the core of his books is the  idea that people should design for themselves their own houses, streets,  and com
munities. This idea may be radical (it implies a radical transformation of  the architectural profession) but it comes simply from the observation that  most of the wonderful places of the world were not made by architects but  by the people.
Also author of: 'The Timeless Way of Building': The theory of architecture  implicit in our world today, Christopher Alexander believes, is bankrupt.  More and more people are aware that something is deeply wrong. Yet the  power of present-day ideas is so great that many feel uncomfortable, even  afraid, to say openly that they dislike what is happening, because they are  afraid to seem foolish, afraid perhaps that they will be laughed at. Now,  at last, here is a coherent theory which describes in modern terms an architecture as ancient as human society itself. Christopher Alexander  presents a new theory of architecture, building, and planning which has at  its core that age-old process by which the people of a society have always  pulled the order of their world from their own being.
*John Perry Barlow
studied comparative religion, has been the lyricist for The Grateful Dead  since 1972, is an insightful writer, and co-founded, with Mitchell Kapor  and Stephen Wozniak,the Electronic Frontier Foundation. The EFF pushes  ethical and political issues of the new media onto the international agenda  - freedom of speech, privacy, intellectual property, and other social  consequences of a network culture.
*Alfred Birnbaum
who was born in China and raised in Japan, is a noted translator in  Japanese (of such authors as Murakami), an artist with the Kyoto-based  performance group 'Dumb Type', and a highly original researcher of diverse  popular phenomena in contemporary Japan, which he compares to deeply rooted  Asian cultural traditions.
*'Breaking stories, eye candy and mental muesli'  as one journalist described 'Doors 1', will again feature in this year's  conference. How is interactivity to be designed? What methodologies and  management skills are needed for what is, by definition, a  multi-diciplinary activity? A keen reader of conference blurbs will also  appreciate that this paragraph has been added at artwork stage to replace  the cv of a key speaker, whose name begins with B, who has de-confirmed.  But we'll replace him.
*Amy Bruckman
a doctoral candidate at MIT, founded MediaMOO, a text-based virtual reality  environment designed as a professional on-line community for media  researchers.For her dissertation, Bruckman is creating a MUD for children  called MOOSE Crossing, designed to be an authentic context in which kids  can learn reading, writing and programming. Bruckman will explain what MUDs  and MOOs actually are in her presentation.
*Florian Brody
who studied linguistics and computer science in Vienna, investigates the  relationship between computers, memory and identity. He worked in the  Austrian National Library on automation management, and was technical  director of the 'expanded books' project at Voyager Publishing in  California, before founding New Media Consulting. He teaches at Vienna  University, and he is president of the Austrian Society for Virtuality,  Telepresence and Cyberspace.
*David Chaum
is managing director of DigiCash, an Amsterdam-based company that is a  world pioneer in electronic cash payment systems. Dr Chaum is also chairman  of CAFE, the European Union research consortium investigating the technical  infrastructure and equipment for electronic money in Europe. He took a PhD  in computer science at Berkeley, taught at NYU Graduate School of Business,  and founded the International Association for Cryptological Research.
*Manuel De Landa
a New York-based artist, is also the author of 'War In The Age Of  Intelligent Machines'. From a vantage point at the intersection of chaos  theory and post-structuralism, De Landa described how military technology  has altered the relationship between humans, their machines, and  information. In his new book Phylum: A Thousand Years Of Non-Linear  History, De Landa considers the cottage-industrialisation of the world, and  the global spread of a 'population of firms' .
*Thomas Dolby
is a pop-star-hacker-programmer who saw in immersive virtual reality a new  medium for musical expression. He created the audio studio Headspace that  allows the user to wander round a classic string quartet as it plays.  Currently working with Joy Mountford's group at Interval Research  Corporation in California, Dolby is also developing an interactive version  of Francis Ford Coppola's The Conversation which will be released on CDRom.
*Anthony Dunne and Fiona Raby
a research and design partnership based in London, explore the  inter-relationships between industrial design, architecture and electronic  media. Their recent work, which has focussed on what they call the 'poetics  of telecommunications', includes the Fields & Thresholds project for the  Netherlands Design Institute, an investigation into communicative and  design implications of a 'virtual institute'.
*Lynn Hershman
is a Senior Professor at the University of California where she initiated  the IDEA laboratory devoted to electronic arts. Among her award- winning  videotapes and interactive installations are The Electronic Diary and  Virtual Love, the latter a long narrative about breaking through the screen  that separates us from our media-derived fantasies. Hershman is currently  completing a sequel, The Twisted Chord, charting the telephone from Bell  through to the Internet.
*Peter Lamborn Wilson
was described by Erik Davis in the Village Voice this year as an  'underground anarcho-Sufi scholar (whose) work explores the historical and  mystical dimensions of Sufism and Islamic heresy, as in his latest book  Sacred Drift. His surprisingly virulent concept/buzzword 'temporary  autonomous zones' spread through the computer underground to Time magazine.  His lectures argue for the ultimate unity of imagination and intellectual  investigation'.
*Patti Maes
who received her PhD in computer science at the University of Brussels,  researches artificial life and artificial intelligence, and recently  produced 'Alive', an interactive installation involving 'virtual pets',  whose future in the home she will explain to the conference.Maes has worked  at MIT's Artificial Intelligence Laboratory and more recently as an  assistant professor at MediaLab, since 1990. Her research focusses on the  modelling of all kinds of artificial intelligence 'agents'.
*William Mitchell's
new book 'City of Bits': Space, Place and Infobahn, which addresses central  concerns of the Home theme,will be published in 1995. Mitchell, who is  Professor of Architecture and Media Arts and Sciences, and Dean of the  School of Architecture, at MIT, conducts research in design theory,  computer applications in architecture and urban design. His other books  include The Reconfigured Eye which deals with the social and cultural  impact of digitally altererd photographs .
*Mitch Ratcliffe
as editor-in-chief of the influential industry newsletter Digital Media, is  well-placed to distinguish between hype and reality, and to explain which  technologies will actually work, and when, on the infobahnen. He is the  co-author (with Andrew Gore) of Powerbook: The Digital Nomad's Guide and is  now completing a book on the World Wide Web which analyses the economic,  social and political implications of software agent *Jeffrey Shaw
is director of the media institute at Karlsruhe Media Centre in Germany.  Shaw studied architecture in Australia, and art in Milan and London, before  working on interactive and virtual space projects from a base in The  Netherlands, where he also taught at the Rietveld Academie. He has shown  such award-winning projects as TheLegible City, The Narrative Landscape,  and The Virtual Museum at festivals and workshops throughout Europe, the  USA and Japan.
*Marco Susani
is a teacher and researcher at Domus Academy, the research centre and  postgraduate design school in Milan. An expert on the design of services,  Susani explores the relationship between dematerialisation - for example,  of communications - and scenarios for a sustainable economy in which  radically less matter and energy are consumed. His recent work focusses on  conviviality - the behavioural threshold that offers one route for  technology to enter the home.
*Philip Tabor's
doctoral thesis at Cambridge University concerned the limits of 'automated'  architectural design. He co-founded the Centre for Land Use and Built Form  Studies (now the Martin Centre), and the computer aided design consultancy,  Applied Research of Cambridge, which is now part of McDonnell Douglas. For  ten years a partner in Edward Cullinan Architects, specialising in housing,  Philip Tabor was until recently Director of the Bartlett School of  Architecture in London.
*Shin-Ichi Takemura
teaches anthropology, international affairs and cultural design, including  ethnic arts, at Touhoku University of Art and Design. His trans-cultural  analysis of communication processes , media structures and design issues  includes a particular emphasis on an 'ecology of body and mind'. Takemura  is convenor of the Asian Cultural Design Forum and Human Ecology Round  Table. His team is also involved in planning such public facilities as the  proposed Eco-Aesthetic Museum.
*Pauline Terreehorst
in her recently completed book Het Boerderijmodel - 'The Farm Mould' -  argues that the new communication technologies may help transform the home  into a 'farm' again. Terreehorst also speculates that the re-location of  home as a focal point of the electronic superhighway will and foster  positive changes in relationships between men and women. Home played such a  positive role before industrialisation forced people to separate home from  work.
*FURHTER SPEAKERS and presentations will be scheduled continuously between  now and the conference itself:
* SPEAKER UPDATE: Confirmed speakers at publishing date are Hiroshii Ishi,  and Stephen Perrella ('Architecture at the End of Metaphysics' studio)
*Conference Programme
Friday 4 November
08:00-10:00 Registration
10:00-12:30 Plenary
15:00-18:00 Plenary
19:00 Reception
Saturday 5 November
08:30-10:00 Breakfast Round Tables
10:00-12:30 Plenary
15:00-18:00 Plenary
19:00 Reception
Sunday 6 November
08:30-10:00 Breakfast Round Tables
10:00-12:30 Plenary
15:00-18:00 Plenary
*Breakfast Round Tables
On both 5 and 6 November, about 25 different 'breakfast round tables' will  be held between 08:30-10:00. Each table will consider a different topic or  presentation - some programmed in advance, others decided on the day. Many  but not all the discussions will be led by a speaker or a moderator. An  extra charge of Dfl 25 per breakfast is payable for participation. Register  now to participate. If that day is fully booked by the time of your  registration, we will book the other day and notify you with your  confirmation.
*Registration and hotel service
For more INFORMATION about REGISTRATION, plus details of HOTEL service:  Sonja van Piggelen
Tel: +31 20 61 70 390
Fax: +31 20 61 74 679
e-mail: modam at xs4all.nl
REGISTRATION FEES (in Dutch Guilders, or 'Dfl') exclude accomodation but  include attendance at all conference sessions apart from the breakfast round  tables. The fees also include evening receptions, morning and afternoon tea  and coffee, and conference documentation. The conference sells out, and places  are limited, so please do not come without a reservation. Applications are  processed in order received.
*REGISTRATION FORM*
Street address:
ZIP Code:
Student card number:
PLEASE MENTION WHICH NUMBER (=OPTION) YOU CHOOSE: # ...
Standard rate to 1 October
1) Excluding breakfast round tables: Dfl 575,-  2) Including one breakfast round table Saturday: Dfl 600,-  3) Including one breakfast round table Sunday: Dfl 600,-
Standard rate after 1 October
4) Excluding breakfast round table: Dfl 625,-  5) Including breakfast round table Saturday: Dfl 650,-  6) Including breakfast round table Sunday: Dfl 650,-
Student rate to 1 October
7) Excluding breakfast round table: Dfl 225,-  8) Including breakfast round table Saturday: Dfl 250,-  9) Including breakfast round table Sunday: Dfl 250,-
Student after 1 October
10) Excluding breakfast round tables: Dfl 275,-  11) Including breakfast round table Saturday: Dfl 300,-  12) Including breakfast round table Sunday: Dfl 300,-
*I HEREBY REGISTER and pay via: a) Diners Club
b) Visa
c) Eurocard/Mastercard
d) American Express
e) JCB
Credit card No:
Expire Date:
Card holder's name:
Card holder's address:
f) (NL only): ABN Amro 43 36 80 407 o.v.v. DoP,  of per giro nr. 2391 van de ABN Amro t.g.v. 43 36 80 407 o.v.v. DoP
* PLEASE SEND an invoice (you will receive confirmation and your ticket,  after payment of the full amount)
CANCELLATION: refund in full only if you cancel in writing by  21 October
Postbus 17490
1001 JL Amsterdam
vox +31 - 20 626 6262
fax +31 - 20 626 3793

@_date: 1994-09-06 06:31:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Electronic Purses 
The New York Times today reports:
"Electronic purses" may mean the end of cash.  Banks, credit card companies and even some governments are racing to introduce electronic purses, wallet-size cards embedded with microchips that store sums of money for people to use instead of cash for everything from buying fast food to paying highway * * *
Long-range planners in the banking industry see the weaning of small businesses and consumers from cash as the last step to closing many expensive branches and conducting virtually all business by telephone, through cash machines and perhaps home * * *
"As more and more people do business on the Internet, we have to look for how you pay for things," said Catherine Allen, a vice president in Citibank's technology office and the head of the Smart Card Forum, an industry group.  "The smart card allows me to identify myself securely."
* * *
But Mondex [Britain's system] has still another wrinkle:  Unlike most other electronic purse systems, Mondex, like cash, is anonymous.  The banks that issue Mondex cards will not be able to keep track of who gets the payments.  Indeed, it is the only system in which two card holders can transfer money to each other.
"If you want to have a product that replaces cash, you have to do everything that cash does, only better," Mondex's senior executive, Michael Keegan said.  "You can give money to your brother who gives it to the chap that sells newspapers, who gives it to charity, who puts it in the bank, which has no idea where it's been.  That's what money is." End quotes.
The article describes smart card systems in the US and other countries.  Describes how customers "recharge" the card by home phone or other means. Email copies wanted?  It's about a half-page in size.

@_date: 1994-09-07 08:44:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Reputation Capital papers? 
Prompted by Hal's post I send the following FTP info on Information Sciences Institute.
This is their README file.  There is much more there, based on a quick look, juicy DoD stuff for the disloyal.
		--------------------------------------------------
pubrec.ps	This file contains a listing of all the technical
newpubs0794.ps	This is our semi-annual publications newpubs0194.ps	newsletter and order form. It is published in isi-sr-93-374.ps	Zoned Analog Personal Teleconferencing (ZAPT)  isi-sr-93-374.ps.Z	by J.D. Touch
isi-rr-93-372.ps	Employing Knowledge Resources in a New Text
isi-rr-93-366.ps	Synthesis of Asynchronous Systems from Data  isi-rr-93-366.ps.Z	Flow Specifications
isi-rs-93-364.ps	Security Services for Multimedia Conferencing
isi-rs-93-363.ps	ATOMIC: A Low-Cost, Very High-Speed, Local
isi-rs-93-360.ps	The Impact of Scaling on a Multimedia isi-rs-93-359.ps	Case Study: Multimedia Conference Control isi-sr-93-358.ps	The ISI "Tunnel"
isi-rs-93-342.ps	Parallel Communication
isi-rs-93-301.ps	Physics Analogs in Communication Models
isi-rs-92-294.ps	An Architecture for Multimedia Connection isi-rs-92-293.ps	First IETF Internet Audiocast, isi-rr-92-291.ps	ATOMIC: A Low-Cost, Very High-Speed LAN
isi-rr-91-289.ps	A Distributed Architecture for Multimedia isi-rs-91-286.ps	Multimedia Conferencing: Has it Come of Age,
isi-rs-90-252.ps	N-Way Conferencing with Packet Video,

@_date: 1994-09-07 15:32:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Al Gore's home page 
Anybody noticed that Al is being ported around Cairo tourist traps to divert attention from more articulate and threatening targets of the fundamentalists?
Creeping slowly around  on bright shiny crutches for laser-aiming, yet.
His home page is empty because he wont be needing it?  Naw.

@_date: 1994-09-07 17:33:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Data havens 
Responding to msg by tcmay at netcom.com (Timothy C. May) on Wed, 7 Sep  4:14 PM
It is worth noting that private "data havens" of all sorts abound, especially for financial matters, and most are not subject to governmental regulation.
Some banks have research departments that are older and more comprehensive than credit reporting agencies.  Favored customers can use them for evaluation of private deals.  Large law firms maintain data banks that approach those of banks, and they grow with each case, through additions of private investigators paid for by successive clients.
Security professionals, like Wackenhut and Kroll, also market the fruits of substantial data collections.
To these add those of insurance, bonding, investment, financial firms and the like which help make or break business deals.
It's probable that massive government-regulated consumer data banks contain far less useful information than that of the private market where serious money is made with the best, privileged information.
Some may be porous but most are guarded better than Ft. Knox, with special protection against Uncle Sam's snoopers, indeed more secure than consumer records because more valuable.
Any c'punkers in the security side of the financial industry want to comment?  Anonymously of course.

@_date: 1994-09-09 16:47:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Black Cryptoanarchy (KKK, monopolies, contract killings) 
Responding to msg by doug at OpenMind.com (Doug Cutrell) on Fri, 9 Sep 12:36 PM:
Your critique has elicited some of the best responses I've seen There is still, indeed,  the task of proving that cryptoanarchy is not itself a play for power by those who write and master its cryptographic code.  But better to test that in the public arena rather remain hidden and protected like the state secrecy of governmental cryptography.
The state will probably fiercely  oppose it, not least by stigmatizing cryptoanarchy and impugning its motives by exaggeration and distortion.
(It is worth recalling that classical black anarchy, the secret, lethal version as distinguished from open black flag type, is used by despots to justify their ruthless measures.  Black anarchists, as agents of despots,  mingle with avowed flag-wavers to spy and provoke acts that lead to repressive crackdowns.  Black anarchists never announce themselves as such but may freely admit to being "anarchistic" as a wild-eyed subterfuge.  Inept provocations sometimes reveal them but the most able are never detected.)
I may be helpful to read one writer's view of how cryptoanarchy may be lumped with and targeted like other stigmatized groups whose attributes it may claim:
Quotes are from:  "Stigma, Notes on the Management of Spoiled
Identity", Erving Goffman, Simon and Schuster, 1963.
pp. 143-45:
DEVIATIONS AND DEVIANCE
One such deviation is important here, the kind presented by
individuals who are seen as declining voluntarily and openly to
accept the social place accorded them, and who act irregularly somewhat rebelliously in connection with our basic institutions the family, the age-grade system, the stereotyped role-division
between the sexes, legitimate full-time employment involving
maintenance of a single governmentally ratified personal and segregation by class and race. These are the Those who take this stand on their own and by themselves might called eccentrics or "characters." Those whose activity is
collective and focused within some building or place (and often
upon a special activity) may be called cultists. Those who come
together into a sub-community or milieu may be called "social
deviants", and their corporate life a deviant community. They
constitute a special type, but only one type, of deviator.
If there is to be a field of inquiry called "deviance," it is
social deviants as here defined that would presumably its core. Prostitutes, drug addicts, delinquents, criminals, musicians, bohemians, gypsies, carnival workers, hobos, winos, people, full time gamblers, beach dwellers, homosexuals, and urban unrepentant poor -- these would be included.
These are the folk who are considered to be engaged in some kind of
collective denial of the social order. They are perceived as
failing to use available opportunity for advancement in the approved runways of society; they show open disrespect for betters; they lack piety; they represent failures in the
motivational schemes of society.
Once the core of social deviancy is established, one can proceed to
peripheral instances: community-based political radicals who only vote in a divergent way but spend more time with those of
their own kind than is politically necessary; the traveling who are not geared into the executive's work week, and spend time drifting from one summering place to another; expatriates,
employed or not, who routinely wander at least a few steps from PX and the American Express; the ethnic assimilation who are reared in the two worlds of the parent society and the
society of their parents, and resolutely turn away from the
conventional routes of mobility open to them, overlaying their
public school socialization with what many normals will see as grotesque costume of religious orthodoxy; the metropolitan
unmarried and merely married who disavail themselves of an
opportunity to raise a family, and instead support a vague that is in rebellion, albeit mild and short-lived, against the
family system
In almost all of these cases, some show of disaffiliation is as is also true of eccentrics and cultists, providing in this a thin line that can be drawn between all of them and deviators the other side, namely, the quietly disaffiliated--hobbyists become so devoted to their avocation that only a husk remains civil attachments, as in the case of some ardent stamp club tennis players, and sports car buffs.
Social deviants, as defined, flaunt their refusal to accept place and are temporarily tolerated in this gestural rebellion,
providing it is restricted within the ecological boundaries of
their community. Like ethnic and racial ghettos, these constitute a haven of self-defense and a place where the deviator can openly take the line that he is at least as good anyone else. But in addition, social deviants often feel that are not merely equal to but better than normals, and that the they lead is better than that lived by the persons they would
otherwise be. Social deviants also provide models of being for
restless normals, obtaining not only sympathy but also (Cultists acquire converts too, of course, but the focus is on
programs of action not styles of life.) The wise can become
p. 25:
STIGMA AND SOCIAL IDENTlTY
Often those with a particular stigma sponsor a publication of kind [list cypherpunks?] which gives voice to shared feelings,
consolidating and stabilizing for the reader his sense of the
realness of "his" group and his attachment to it. Here the of the members is formulated -- their complaints, their
aspirations, their politics. The names of well-known friends enemies of the "group" are cited, along with information to the goodness or the badness of these people.
Success stories are printed, tales of heroes of assimilation have penetrated new areas of normal acceptance. Atrocity tales recorded, recent and historic, of extreme mistreatment by Exemplary moral tales are provided in biographical and
autobiographical form illustrating a desirable code of conduct the stigmatized. The publication also serves as a forum for
presenting some division of opinion as to how the situation of stigmatized person ought best to be handled. Should the
individual's failing require special equipment [crypto?], it is
here advertised and reviewed. The readership of these provides a market for books and pamphlets which present a It is important to stress that, in America at least, no matter small and how badly off a particular stigmatized category is, viewpoint of its members is likely to be given public of some kind. It can thus be said that Americans who are
stigmatized tend to live in a literarily-defined world, however
uncultured they might be. If they don't read books on the of persons like themselves, they at least read magazines and movies; and where they don't do these, then they listen to vocal associates. An intellectually worked-up version of their
point of view is thus available to most stigmatized persons
End quotes

@_date: 1994-09-11 09:09:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RFC Crypto Anarchist Manifesto 
Kudos, Tim, for adept mix of philosophy and gritty specifics, for brevity and wit.
When the mood strikes you, an update would be appreciated.
And, please, comments from those who have not seen this before or who may have forgotten.
The Crypto Anarchist Manifesto
Timothy  C.  May
tcmay at netcom.com
A specter is haunting the modern world, the specter of crypto anarchy. Computer technology is on the verge of providing the ability for individuals and groups to communicate and interact with each other in a totally anonymous manner. Two persons may exchange conduct business, and negotiate electronic contracts without knowing the True Name, or legal identity, of the other. over networks will be untraceable, via extensive re-routing of packets and tamper-proof boxes which implement cryptographic with nearly perfect assurance against any tampering. Reputations will be
of central importance, far more important in dealings than even credit ratings of today.
These developments will alter completely the nature of government regulation, the ability to tax and control economic interactions, the
ability to keep information secret, and will even alter the nature of
trust and reputation.
The technology for this revolution--and it surely will be both a social
and economic revolution--has existed in theory for the past decade. The
methods are based upon public-key encryption, zero-knowledge proof systems, and various software protocols for interaction,
authentication, and verification. The focus has until now been academic conferences in Europe and the U.S., conferences closely by the National Security Agency. But only recently have networks and  personal computers attained sufficient speed to make the
ideas practically realizable. And the next ten years will bring additional speed to make the ideas economically feasible and unstoppable. High-speed networks, ISDN, tamper-proof boxes, smart cards,
satellites,  Ku-band transmitters, multi-MIPS personal computers, and
encryption chips now under development will be some of the technologies. The State will of course try to slow or halt the spread of this technology, citing national security concerns, use of the technology by
drug dealers and tax evaders, and fears of societal disintegration. Many of these concerns will be valid; crypto anarchy will allow national secrets to be trade freely and will allow illicit and materials to be traded. An anonymous computerized market will even make
possible abhorrent markets for assassinations and extortion. criminal and foreign elements will be active users of CryptoNet. But
this will not halt the spread of crypto anarchy.
Just as the technology of printing altered and reduced the power of
medieval guilds and the social power structure, so too will cryptologic methods fundamentally alter the nature of corporations and of government interference in economic transactions. Combined with emerging information markets, crypto anarchy will create a liquid market for any and all material which can be put into words and pictures. And just as a seemingly minor invention like barbed wire made possible the fencing-off of vast ranches and farms, thus altering forever the concepts of land and property rights in the frontier West, so too will the seemingly minor discovery out of an arcane branch of mathematics come to be the wire clippers which dismantle the barbed wire around intellectual property.
Arise, you have nothing to lose but your barbed wire fences!

@_date: 1994-09-14 14:21:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RC4 Sting, Contract Killings? 
Responding to msg by schneier at chinet.chinet.com (Bruce Schneier) on Tue, 13 Sep  8:57 AM
Bruce, Was the RC4 posting a sting?
Will Bidzos arrange for an anonymous contract killing of every But then, is this list not a sting?
So literal kill-files be implemented against the disreputable, that is, all of us?
Are Tom Clancy and John Gilmore identical?
Is Tim's epic FAQ the spy novel of our dreams?
Yes, six times over.

@_date: 1994-09-16 08:33:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Radio Them Back to the Stone Age 
Forwarding List FOP mail by: u2re9toh at crrel41.crrel.usace.army.mil (Tim Horrigan) on Fri, 16 Sep  8:22 AM
cheapies we
opening up and
They dropped such radios on Haiti last night as well.  Most of them were  picked up immediately by the cops and carted away somewhere, according to  an NPR reporter.  The NPR reporter found this out by listening to the  police-band transmissions on his scanner (which seems ironic somehow.)
TIM HORRIGAN, Climate Data Lab, USACRREL, Hanover, NH  03755
internet:       horrigan at hanover-crrel.army.mil
                horrigan at crrel41.crrel.usace.army.mil
                [or whatever weird crap turns up as my return                  UNLESS it implies that I'm at " which is
                 a nonexistent Bitnet domain!!!!]
alt internet:   Timothy.Horrigan at bbsmail.magpie.com
ph:     (603) 646-4432  (603) 646-4100

@_date: 1994-09-17 05:54:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RC4 article in Saturday (Sept 17) New York Times 
Responding to msg by mab at research.att.com (Matt Blaze) on Sat, 17 Sep  0:56 AM
Standard offer of e-mail copies.
Legal Note:  NYT is electronically stalking posters of copyrighted material, according to NYT reporter Peter Lewis on list Cyberia-L.

@_date: 1994-09-19 08:21:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: art encryption... 
Responding to msg by lile at art.net (Lile Elam) on Mon, 19 Sep  0:11 AM
As a parallel to your inquiry I offer:
Thanks to help from this list my firm uses PGP to encrypt, sign and verify CAD architectural documents exchanged with consultants and clients.
We also conceal ID in the documents by a simple steganographic method using combined PGP and CAD posted here a few weeks back, which is not revealed to the recipients, as a check on authorized use and distribution.
Any suggested improvements would be welcome.

@_date: 1994-09-19 09:21:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: art encryption... 
My recent post on use of PGP in architectural documents is limited to those produced by an all-volunteer group that provides free services.  This work is often controversial and needs privacy protection.
My commercial work does not yet deserve such elegant dressing.  If and when it does I will relish paying for PRZ's hard work through his market channels.

@_date: 1994-09-19 19:45:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: art encryption... 
Responding to msg by pierre at shell.portal.com (Pierre Uszynski) on Mon, 19 Sep  6:32 PM
The fractal steganography sounds promising.  Is this yours or has it been done?
The need for authentic sigs on architectural and engineering drawings is not merely aesthetic.  Right now municipal agencies will not accept digital documents because of the lack of verifiable authorship to establish responsibility, and liability, for the health and safety of the design and construction.  Hard copy with original seal is required to prevent unauthorized manipulation.
Beyond copyright protection, architectural and engineering documents are means to guide actual construction, rather than end products like paintings and drawings in the art world.
If there could be a way for buildings themselves to convey authenticity, say, that they are healthy and safe, by a kind decryption by the public that could help prevent concealment of shoddy construction.  It's not the drawings that assure safety but field verification of the end result that construction work was done right.
What a great help if a building could convey its own message of authenticity about its fitness and safety for habitation and use.  That might keep us architects more honest.
Probably a long shot that your fractal idea could be stretched this far, but it is certainly needed in the flim flam world of New York City real estate where deception about building safety and health is all too common.
Any other thoughts?

@_date: 1994-09-20 14:46:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: On the crime bill and remailers 
Responding to msg by tcmay at netcom.com (Timothy C. May) on Tue, 20 Sep 10:40 AM
or to
This kind
[Tim says]
Hal and Tim point to the vulnerability of the person running the remailer to being threatened through the equipment owner (like John Perry's recent experience) or squeezed by government agents into playing along with surveillors.
This isolation and elimination (or co-optation) of a target has worked again and again to destroy networks once they become serious threats to law and order.
Hal's warning is wisely heeded until all the remailer beneficiaries are bear an equal share of the risks of being charged a "supporting terrorist".

@_date: 1994-09-20 16:31:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Scienter and all that stuff 
Responding to msg by jamesd at netcom.com (James A. Donald) on Tue, 20 Sep  3:22 PM
I respectfully suggest that that's not what Chomsky advocates.  He makes superior detailed analysis and criticism of authoritarian government by brilliantly attacking weak-willed ideologues of all political persuasions which hide under skirts of tyrants.
On the contrary, his optimism, it seems to me, derives from his own hard work and original thinking not from parroting any party line.
With this he is in the company of original thinkers like Karl Hess, Murrary Bookchin and others who have garnered the courage to grow beyond the simple faith of left-right comforts and Their writings have a generosity of scope and purpose that exemplify how to assess specific problems and to prescribe remedies, and thereby perhaps help us break free of the mesmerizing, melodramatic defecations of partisan politics.
Or so I optimistically muse.

@_date: 1994-09-21 14:12:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WSJ on RC4 
Thanks to David Sternlight for posting pointer to this.
RSA Data Security
Says Exposed Code
Poses No Threat
By Ralph T. King Jr.
Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
The anonymous dissemination over the last several
days of a software code used to safeguard the
privacy of electronic messages in no way threatens
the security of existing computer networks,
according to the code's owner and encryption
However, the defiant act is expected to trigger a
trade-secret dispute between the culprit and RSA
Data Security Inc., the Redwood City, Calif.,
company that developed the code. The act also
raises thorny legal questions about how public
data networks, collectively known as the Internet,
may be used.
An unidentified person used the Internet to post
RSA's encryption code, called RC4, on electronic
bulletin boards. The RC4 code works something like
a padlock. But knowing how the lock works isn't
enough to open it. The system user has an
individualized combination or key that prevents
access by other parties to private computer
messages. RSA's code product is incorporated in numerous
popular software programs, including those of
Apple Computer Inc., Lotus Development Corp. and
Microsoft Corp. Some reports published over the
weekend indicated that the disclosure might
jeopardize the integrity of computer systems that
are equipped with these programs.
"This doesn't compromise systems that are in use,"
says Jim Bidzos, president of closely-held RSA.
"This is a misappropriation of our intellectual
property. It's a legal issue and it will be
pursued." Mr. Bidzos also said officials at U.S.
Customs Service and the Federal Bureau of
Investigation are investigating the matter.
One analyst noted that disclosure of the formula
may benefit RSA because some users have questioned
whether its code contains the equivalent of secret
trapdoors enabling people familiar with it to
eavesdrop on private communications at will. As a
result, some computer operators have turned to an
alternative code whose formula is publicly
available. Now it will be clear to interested parties that no
such trapdoors exist, Mr. Bidzos said. In any
case, RSA is about to release a new encryption
code for use with the latest computer-chip
architecture, he said.
One possible effect of the disclosure is to shed
light on the extent of legal liability that
applies to people who make copyrighted or
protected material freely available on the
Internet. Those who use such material under
license typically sign nondisclosure agreements.
In this case, someone apparently violated a
nondisclosure pact and in effect invalidated the
protections of RSA, the formula's owner.

@_date: 1994-09-24 16:18:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto in BYTE 
Peter Wayner writes in October BYTE on electronic documents in Admirably covers encryption, digital signatures, authentication, digital cash, timestamps and more.  See "EDI Moves the Data", pp.121-128.
The issue has some other mentions of crypto.

@_date: 1994-09-28 14:16:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on TLA Rot 
Today's NY Times has front page article and editorial on a congressional study to be done
on the need for the CIA and reassessment of eleven other intelligence agencies.
Says funds for the study were included in recent $28 billlion package for intelligence.
One excerpt:
"Throughout the cold war, the nation needed a great intelligence service, and by and
large, it got one," said Allen Goodman, a former CIA official and dean of the School
of Foreign Service at Georgetown University.  "But from about 1985 onward nobody's
been able to say if they are good or bad, and from 1990 onward nobody's been able
to say exactly why we need them."
End excerpt.
Bet many "national threats" are in the offing.
Email available for the NYT-impaired.

@_date: 1995-08-01 17:02:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: QIK_san 
8-1-95. W$Japer:
   "Your Home Computer Will Soon Be Your Banker and Broker."
      The first on-line banking transaction will be a historic
      moment not unlike the first automobile sale or the first
      commercial airline flight. It will signal a commercially
      viable use of a new technology that may ultimately
      eliminate what until now we have considered the retail
      aspects of banking, stock brokerage and more. The
      implications are profound.
      The promise is electronic access to all financial
      transactions at substantially lower cost. One's personal
      computer can, in essence, become an in-home bank branch,
      brokerage outlet and financial planner.
      For example, with Intuit's software and with its union
      with American Express, Smith Barney and 17 large banks,
      consumers will be able use one link for the first time
      to access traditional banking, credit- and charge-card
      services, brokerage services, financial planning and
      more.
      The effect on the banking and brokerage business and
      their employees is going to be profound. The retail
      sales forces of banks and brokerage houses may shrink
      substantially, as may the ranks of financial planners.
      The number of bank and brokerage buildings may also
      shrink.
   QIK_san

@_date: 1995-08-01 17:31:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Pat Robertson Fears E-cash? 
A Foxhole-atheist swears Pat Robertson said last night that    new book warns of a "digital cash society" and massive
   theft by cyber-criminals. Did any believer hear this, or know if
   this is what he prognosticates for e-cash bedevilment?

@_date: 1995-08-02 06:51:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: HEY_now 
8-02-95. NYPaper:
   "Pattern Emerges In Bomber's Tract: F.B.I. Says Attacker
   Stayed Close to a Few Campuses."
      In what was described as an important advance in the
      hunt for an elusive serial bomber, the Federal Bureau of
      Investigation said yesterday that it had traced a
      years-long pattern of academic involvement that took the
      self-described anarchist from the Chicago area to Salt
      Lake City to Berkeley, Calif. By matching his 17-year
      record of carnage against an analysis of a densely
      argued 35,000-word tract he sent to The New York Times
      in June, Government officials say they have concluded
      that the bomber is a student of the history of science
      who may have taken classes at or hovered around major
      university campuses from the late 1970's to the mid-
      1980's.                                        FCU_stu
   "Excerpts From Manuscript Linked to Suspect in 17-Year
   Series of Bombings."
      Role of Scientists: The system HAS TO force people to
      behave in ways that are increasingly remote from the
      natural pattern of human behavior. For example, the
      system needs scientists, mathematicians and engineers.
      It can't function without them. So heavy pressure is put
      on children to excel in these fields.          FCX_txt
   Twofer: HEY_now

@_date: 1995-08-02 11:01:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Mierda 
The New Yorker of July 31 writes on the indictment of six
   lawyers in Miami on drug-conspiracy charges:
      [Ex-Fed] Abbell continued to do legal work for the       brothers, and in January, 1991, he hired an obscure
      Miami lawyer, Francisco Laguna, as a full-time
      associate. Laguna, who is in his thirties and was born
      in Colombia and speaks fluent Spanish, appears, from the
      indictment, to have been the most deeply immersed of all
      the lawyers in the day-to-day affairs of the Cali
      cartel. He maintained frequent contact with Miguel
      Rodriguez by public telephone. Unfortunately for Laguna,
      federal agents had obtained the code numbers of the
      debit cards he used to make his calls, and were able to
      intercept many of the conversations.

@_date: 1995-08-04 05:34:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PRA_fix 
8-4-95. NYPaper:
   "A Contract Is Awarded To Improve Navigation."
      The Federal Aviation Administration yesterday awarded a
      contract to greatly improve a navigation system that
      would let civilians pinpoint their locations anywhere in
      the United States to within 21 feet.
      The augmentation would consist of 36 receiving stations
      in the United States, each fixed in a precisely surveyed
      spot. Each station would listen electronically for the
      signals given off by the halo of satellites, and
      calculate what the satellites were saying about the
      station's location. But the station, bolted down, would
      not rely on the satellites to determine its location; it
      would already know that precisely.
      The central office, listening to all 36 stations, would
      establish a correction factor. It would radio the
      correction factor to a different satellite, one in
      geosynchronous orbit over the United States, meaning
      that its position did not change relative to the earth's
      surface.
      The geosynchronous satellite would radio a correction
      factor back to planes in flight, or any other user. The
      plane would also receive signals from the G.P.S.
      satellites, calculate a position, apply the correction
      factor and fix its location.
   PRA_fix

@_date: 1995-08-04 05:40:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WYE_not 
Absent crypto, but present priv-gov fee-fame combat:
   The New Yorker of July 31 writes on the indictment of six
   lawyers in Miami on drug-conspiracy charges.
   "The Thin White Line: Federal indictment in Miami depicts
   six defense lawyers as virtual traitors in the war on
   drugs. Is the government overreaching?"
   WYE_not (about 28K, in two parts)

@_date: 1995-08-04 17:51:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SYN_tax 
8-4-95. W$Japer:
   "Cyberpoliticking: Presidential Races Are Being Changed By
   Latest Technology. Internet and Other Sources Can Tailor
   Information, Sway Voters' Decisions."
      This kind of campaign foray into cyberspace is but a
      small slice of a much bigger revolution. The explosion
      of new avenues of information -- digitized,
      computerized, cabled and broadcast -- will change the
      way Americans gather the information they use in picking
      their leader next year. Campaigns are struggling to
      figure out how to cope with this static-filled world, in
      which they can use new technology in unprecedented ways
      to reach both mass audiences and ever-narrower niches of
      specific voters. For voters, the difficulty will be to
      distinguish between the information and misinformation
      inevitably mixed into the avalanche.           LYN_jrk
   "Silicon Forest: For Oregon, the Boom In High Tech Brings
   Jobs and Handwringing."
      The quest for cheap land, cheap labor and tax breaks has
      led most of the world's biggest chip makers here, more
      than $13 billion in high-tech construction is either
      under way or proposed for the 100-mile swath of rural
      landscape stretching from Portland to Eugene. But
      surprising resistance is cropping up. In May, Yamhill
      County, at the western edge of Silicon Forest, rebelled
      against Sumitomo Sitix Corp.'s demand for an $58 million
      tax break for its proposed $912 million chip plant. In
      June, several hundred people turned out to cheer
      speeches opposing plans by Hyundai Electronics America
      to build a $1.3 billion chip plant.            KIK_but
   Ev & Ad's kids: SYN_tax

@_date: 1995-08-05 05:12:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: JIL_ted 
8-5-95. NYPaper:
   "Esoteric Wedge of Academia Is Roiled by Hunt for Bomber."
      Last October an agent from the Federal Bureau of
      Investigation showed up in New Orleans and subpoenaed
      the History of Science Society's membership records and
      questioned scholars for clues to the identity of the the
      Unabomber. That subpoena, and the disclosure that the
      F.B.I. believes that the bomber is immersed in the most
      radical interpretations of the history of science, has
      roiled the usually placid waters of the discipline. And
      across the country, professors have begun reconsidering
      old suspicions, acquaintances and tracts to help solve
      the crimes.                                    ROL_aid
   "Obscure Global Bank Moves Into the Light."
      In a small Swiss city sits an international organization
      so obscure and secretive that for many years visitors
      got lost looking for a small plaque next to an otherwise
      undistinguished doorway. Control of the institution, the
      Bank for International Settlements, lies with some of
      the world's most powerful and least visible men: the
      heads of 32 central banks, officials able to shift
      billions of dollars and alter the course of economies at
      the stroke of a pen. Now, however, the bank is stepping
      out of the shadows a bit. Last September, the Federal
      Reserve, the United States' central bank, officially
      joined -- quietly and discreetly, of course.   DON_ask
   Buda-Pest: JIL_ted

@_date: 1995-08-05 07:06:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: JAC_kio 
8-6-95. NYPaper Book Review:
   "Spies Unlike Us: A history of French intelligence reveals
   a far more brutal approach than this country's."
      The aftermath of 1945 imposed an additional heavy burden
      on the French secret services. Political allegiances
      were exacerbated by the presence of a potential huge
      Communist fifth column in France. The rough lessons of
      the war led to a premium on "service action" operations
      of sabotage and assassination before which Britain's
      M.I.6 would have quailed. Mr. Porch sees the French
      secret services of today as still not having recovered
      from their politicization during World War II. During
      the gulf war, the humiliating realization was forced on
      the French Army that for intelligence it was totally
      dependent on American high technology.         SAL_mai
   "The Code War: How United States intelligence outsmarted
   Japan in World War II."
      He rightly sees the role of intelligence in the Pacific
      war not simply as a story of code-breaking successes.
      Rather, he writes, "the true achievements of
      intelligence in the Pacific war lie in the day-to-day
      accumulation of a fund of knowledge.... Cryptography,
      traffic analysis, aerial photography, prisoner
      interrogation, document capture and translation, and
      technical intelligence ... became pillars of an overall
      effort greater than the sum of its parts." He explains
      and describes this winning synergy of intelligence
      elements as well as, or better than, any previous
      author.                                        PIL_sal
   Jak/Ari: JAC_kio

@_date: 1995-08-06 06:35:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: addressing 
Responding to msg by Alan.Pugh at MAILSRV2.PCY.MCI.NET ("Alan Pugh") on Sat, 05 Aug 10:24 PM
   Alan,
   Below is a similarly formatted address here in NYC. It is
   heirarchical, from left: Angelic CU + hir Mad-Dog Dept %
   the Cruel Bastard Org @ Tel Mail Hell.
   If your friend's CBO is like Forest City Ratner, a
   Trump-wanna-be developer pack of urban rabid-rat-infestors,
   then the system was probably set up by a
   do-anything-for-a-fee consultant to a paranoidal CEO who
   buys oddles of pseudo-technical gimmicks for corporate
   obfuscation as a means to pyramidially distance hirself
   from the lowly mite-interminators minimally-paid to
   meta-desecrate the hiroshima-scape.
   According to "LinetH," if you are to the left of a " + "
   you are " - " but hyper-visible to the cyclopian, leering
   "+"-sisadmin eager to catch caged animals using the sys for
   private mail (hey, Bear Stearns-mogul leeches, fail yer
   prostate/mammogram test, LH sez).
   Or so LH quietly e-pecks in PGP, having learned not to
   trust any of the hir-MFs. Shh, the "%"-admin is lurking
   fearfully just left of H at L-admin.

@_date: 1995-08-07 07:08:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYPotpourii 
Abject beg: it's easier for the 'droid to act on each item
   separately, do please request 1-by-1.
   8-7-95.  NYPaper:
   "A Cyberspace Front in a Multicultural War: Finding
   alternatives to a world where only English is typed."
      With the explosion of worldwide interest in the
      Internet, the dominance of English, stemming from the
      network's beginnings in the United States, has become a
      sensitive matter. A fear is that English, already the
      international language of business and science, is
      becoming the lingua franca of the computer world as
      well, further casting other languages in the shade. And
      some countries, already unhappy with the encroachment of
      American culture are worried that their cultures will be
      further eroded by an American dominance in cyberspace.
      A consortium of American computer companies has
      developed a universal digital code known as Unicode to
      allow computers to represent the letters and characters
      of virtually all the world's languages.        SEZ_who
   "Digital Commerce: 2 plans for watermarks, which can bind
   proof of authorship to electronic works." Denise Caruso's
   column.
      As information becomes currency in the global economy,
      that so-called digital watermark technologies are
      beginning to appear. As with their paper and broadcast
      counterparts, the concept behind digital watermarks is
      to provide a secure means to certify the origin,
      ownership and authenticity of digital works. And by
      doing so, they can provide the first line of defense
      against piracy of digital media like music, photographs,
      film, words and video games.                   MUN_due
   "Windows 95's Big Value May Be as a Lure to Network
   System."
      Is Windows 95 a decoy? For all the attention being paid
      to the Aug. 24 introduction of the Microsoft
      Corporation's updated personal computer operating
      system, some experts think the software's true strategic
      value to Microsoft is not the few billion dollars in
      sales it is expected to bring to the company over the
      next few years. Instead, the long-term value may lie in
      luring customers and software developers into adopting
      the company's other operating system: Windows NT, for
      corporate computer networks.                   COY_ote
   "Selling Virtual Reality, in Indiana: The owners were
   shocked by how few understood the technology."
      "Seeing the potential for educating had an incredible
      impact on me," said John Hammond, an Indianapolis
      businessman who stumbled on Virtually Yours when he and
      his son went to the shopping center for pizza. Mr.
      Hammond wants Virtually Yours to supply expertise and
      equipment to Sunship Ministries, a group of Christian
      business executives developing a design for a school,
      hospital and church complex suited for missionary work
      in developing countries. Mr. Hammond sees virtual
      reality as a marketing tool for getting developing
      countries to welcome them; he sees programs re-creating
      Bible stories as a powerful tool for preaching to
      nonreaders. "You could let people interact with a
      virtual Jesus," Mr. Hammond said.              GIT_rel
   "Dark Sun: The Making of the Hydrogen Bonb." [Book review]
      In the author's view the story of the hydrogen bomb is
      only secondarily a technological one. What mainly drove
      American physicists to design the more powerful bomb was
      the news that the Soviet Union possessed an atom bomb.
      And the reason the Russians had achieved the bomb was
      mainly spying, Mr. Rhodes insists. So his story of the
      H-bomb is not so much technology as the interaction of
      politics, diplomacy, war, espionage, theoretical and
      practical physics and paranoia.                JOX_onu

@_date: 1995-08-07 18:39:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 700_dig 
MH has provided a transcript of Pat Robertson's show on
   digital cash of March 8, 1995. It includes remarks by David
   Chaum, Dave Banisar, Steven Levy and others.
   700_dig (about 14K)

@_date: 1995-08-07 18:41:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WDM_zum 
RH has provided an informative article on wavelength
   division multiplexing (WDM) from the August 7 InfoWorld:
   "Boost in optical-fiber communication capacity is just over
   the rainbow," by Bob Metcalfe, the founder of 3Com.
   WDM_zum (about 5K)

@_date: 1995-08-07 20:12:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RSA Catalog 
For those who've not yet fondled RSA's sleek "Security Solutions Catalog," it can be virtually diddled at:

@_date: 1995-08-08 11:53:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PTM_kin 
8-8-95. NYPaper:
   "War of the Worlds: Cyberspace and the High-Tech Assault on
   Reality." [Book review]
      Ominous signs already exist, says the scholar Mark
      Slouka that virtual reality has begun to replace real
      life -- or "R.L.," as it is dismissively referred to by
      computer freaks. Even those poor benighted folks who
      have yet to enter the computer age appear to have
      started down "the road to unreality," says Mr. Slouka:
      PONA's (or "persons of no account," as they're known on
      line) can be found in front of their television sets,
      watching fictionalized accounts of real-life events, or
      at ballgames, listening to radio broadcasts of the very
      game being played before their eyes. As Mr. Slouka puts
      it, more and more of us "accept the copy as the
      original," a development that is sure to accelerate in
      coming years with lasting social, cultural and political
      effects. Mr. Slouka foresees a sinister new world in
      which telecommunications replaces physial contact and
      meaningless abstractions replace a sense of community
      and place: a solipsistic world turned in on itself and
      easily subject to manipulation by politicians.
   PTM_kin
   [Mark Slouka, John Perry Barlow, Kevin Kelly and Sven
   Birkerts beavis-butt and wayne-garth about cyber-duh in the
   August Harper's.]

@_date: 1995-08-08 17:23:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: QAK_qak 
8-8-95. NYPaper (for paleo-galactic quackers):
   "New Survey of Sky Finds Most Quasars Are Equally Ancient:
   The strange objects may be an early stage of galaxy
   formation."
      The discovery of new evidence for the epoch of quasar
      proliferation was one of the important results of a
      10-year survey of quasars conducted by astronomers using
      the 200-inch Hale Telescope at Palomar Observatory in
      southern California. The findings were reported in the
      July issue of The Astronomical Journal by Dr. Maarten
      Schmidt of the California Institute of Technology, Dr.
      Donald P. Schneider of Pennsylvania State University and
      Dr. James E. Gunn of Princeton University. Other
      astronomers praised the research and noted that it
      generally confirmed the results of a complementary
      survey of the southern sky by a team led by Dr. Patrick
      Osmer, an astronomer at Ohio State University. Those
      observations, reported last year, were conducted at
      telescopes in Australia and Chile.
   QAK_qak

@_date: 1995-08-10 06:00:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CAC_kle 
8-10-95. NYPaper Page-Oner:
   "With Internet Cachet, Not Profit, New Stock Is Wall St.'s
   Darling."
      A 15-month-old company that has never made a dime of
      profit had one of the most stunning debuts in Wall
      Street history yesterday as investors rushed to pour
      their money into cyberspace. The Netscape Communications
      Corporation became the latest -- and hottest -- company
      in the Internet business to list shares on the nation's
      stock exchanges. Shares of Netscape, which had been
      priced at $28 before trading began at 11 A.M. opened far
      higher -- at $71. The shares soon surged to as high as
      $74.75. It was the best opening day for a stock in Wall
      Street history for an issue of its size. But even more
      significantly, it was a sign of how the rush to
      commercialize the global computing web known as the
      Internet has created an investor frenzy not seen in the
      technology industry since the early days of the personal
      computer more than a decade ago. "There is a mania under
      way," said Michael Murphy, the editor of The Overpriced
      Stock Service, a newsletter in Half Moon Bay, Calif.
      The company's co-founder and chairman, who holds 9.7
      million shares, ended up holding a stake valued at a
      half-billion dollars. Making his first fortune yesterday
      was Marc L. Andreessen, Netscape's 24-year-old vice
      president of technology and an inventor of its prize
      software. Based on yesterday's closing price, his
      interest in Netscape is worth more than $58 million.
   CAC_kle

@_date: 1995-08-10 10:58:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Conspiracies 
I respect the view that sound crypto requires skeptical
   review and testing outside closed rooms. Conspiracies live
   or die by the same process. Crypto would die if there was
   no belief in conspiracies.
   Conspiracy theory drives the cypherpunk agenda, I surmised
   from the welcoming statement. Note the caution about "S1,"
   and any other crypto offering.
   Perry's sharp statements on the urgent need for crypto
   deployment are motivated, it seems to me, by a view of a
   believable, if not wholly proveable, threat that crypto is
   believed to counter. I choose to believe him; Orlin's got my
   skeptical interest -- put up or shut up -- and he's not out of line.
   But who knows more than what we read in the conspiracy-
   driven media and hear from our respected leaders?
   Take your pick of them, or believe your own home-grown,
   they're unavoidable, on cypherpunks or elsewhere -- they're
   the crippling religion of the ages.
   My mouth waters to hear the latest conspiracies about
   cypherpunks' evil spread of demon crypto.

@_date: 1995-08-10 14:31:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DED_hed 
8-10-95. NYPaper Page-Oner:
   "Jerry Garcia of Grateful Dead, Icon of 60's Spirit, Dies
   at 53." By Jon Pareles, Music Critic.
   [With] "Sadness From the Streets to High Offices." By John
   Markoff.
   DED_hed

@_date: 1995-08-11 07:01:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: \"S1\" encryption system 
Is it possible that there are multiple levels of encryption
   included in the "S1" algorithm?
   This question is prompted by reviewing the DoD's Multilevel
   Security (MLS) Program at:
         One of the features of this program is to design means to
   simultaneously transmit data with different levels of
   security, so that communicants send and/or read the data
   according to their levels of security clearance. This is
   amplified in Section 3 of the program description at:
         Excerpts:
      Multilevel security allows information systems to
      provide capabilities that augment its existing
      single-level data processing and data communications
      services. Data of multiple security levels are        processed and transferred by the system, which also
      separates the different security levels and controls
      access to the data. ...
      When a system operates in the multilevel mode, it allows
      data of two or more security levels to be processed
      simultaneously when not all users have the clearance,
      formal authorization, or need to know for all data
      handled by the system. The system is able to separate
      and protect the data according to these restrictions.
      To amplify the definition, an MLS system might process
      both Secret and Top Secret collateral data and have some
      users whose maximum clearance is Secret and others whose
      maximum clearance is Top Secret. Another MLS system
      might have all its users cleared at the Top Secret
      level, but have the ability to release information
      classified as Secret to a network consisting of only
      Secret users and systems. Still another system might
      process both Secret and Unclassified information and
      have some users with no clearance. In each of these
      instances, the system must implement mechanisms to
      provide assurance that the system's security policy is
      strictly enforced. In these examples, the policy        allows access to the data by only those users who are
      appropriately cleared and authorized (e.g., having
      formal access approval) and who have an official need to
      know for the data.
      A related mode of operation is the partitioned mode,
      also known as compartmented mode. Although similar
      concepts and solutions are involved for compartmented
      mode operations as are for the multilevel mode, there is
      also a key difference. In the compartmented mode, all
      users have clearances for all the data processed but may
      not have authorizations for all the data; whereas for
      multilevel mode, some users may not even be cleared for
      the highest level. Because the compartmented mode is
      often envisioned for the intelligence community, all
      such users would have Top Secret security clearances and
      often authorizations for one or more, but possibly not
      all, compartments in the system.
   End excerpts.
   There are also descriptions of the soft and hardware
   implementations of MLS.
   Would anyone care to comment on how this differentiation of
   levels of security is done, by a single encryption program
   or multiples, and if multiples, their arrangement? Is
   feature then embedded in the hardware, such as the Fortezza
   card system cited in the program?

@_date: 1995-08-12 06:23:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: YOM_ama 
8-13-95. Sunday NYPaper:
   "Bigger Than the Family, Smaller Than the State: Are
   voluntary groups what make countries work?" [Book review]
      Mr. Fukuyama has shifted his attention from the state to
      society; the result is a fascinating and frustrating
      book, "Trust: The Social Virtues and the Creation of
      Prosperity." We have settled on the structure of the
      state, he writes, but "liberal political and economic
      institutions depend on a healthy and dynamic civil
      society for their vitality."
      In the world of ideas, civil society is hot. It is
      almost impossible to read an article on foreign or
      domestic politics without coming across some mention of
      the concept. And "civil society" has bipartisan appeal;
      from Hillary Rodham Clinton to Pat Buchanan, politicians
      of all stripes routinely sing its praises.
      Behind much of the new interest in civil society, on the
      part of communitarians as well as social conservatives,
      is the idea that culture and society shape the nature of
      government. But the space between the realm of
      government and that of the family can be filled with all
      kinds of associations, liberal and illiberal. Historians
      have amply laid out how the Nazi Party made its first
      inroads through infiltrating local groups. On a less
      extreme note, many of the small groups that have formed
      in America over the last two decades have been
      thoroughly illiberal in spirit: victims' groups that
      have discouraged individual responsibility, minority
      clubs that have Balkanized the campus and the workplace,
      pseudoreligious cults with violent agendas. Not all of
      civil society is civic minded.
      A report on Timothy J. McVeigh's civil life noted that
      Mr. McVeigh and Terry and James Nichols, would go
      bowling and plan their future. But perhaps we would all
      have been better off if Mr. McVeigh had gone bowling
      alone.
   YOM_ama (about 14K)

@_date: 1995-08-12 14:45:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Richelson's Latest 
Jeffrey T. Richelson has a new book:
   A Century of Spies: Intelligence in the Twentieth Century.
   Oxford University Press, New York, 1995, 534 pp., $30.00.
   ISBN 0-19-507391-6.
   Jacket copy: "Richelson covers the crucial role of spy
   technology from the days of Marconi and the Wright Brothers
   to today's dazzling array of Space Age satellites,
   aircraft, and ground stations. He provides portraits of
   spymasters, spies and defectors ... the 'black magic' of
   U.S. and British codebreakers. A final chapter probes the
   still-evolving role of intelligence in the new world of
   disorder and ethnic conflict, from the high-tech wonders of
   the Gulf War to the surprising involvement of the French
   government in industrial espionage."
   Blurb: "This is the missing book -- the primer -- on the
   craft of intelligence. It is a highly informed briefing,
   set in historical persepctive, by the best of the spy
   watchers." -- William E. Burrows, author of "Deep Black."
   --
   Watchers of spy watchers will recall Richelson's excellent,
   "The U. S. Intelligence Community," and other fine work on
   spy satellites and Soviet intelligence.

@_date: 1995-08-12 16:54:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SOW_gut 
8-13-95. NYPaper:
   "Not-So-Lethal Weapons: Items from the police catalogue,
   coming soon to a precinct near you."
      Cops "have the same basic options when confronting a
      Rodney King," said David Boyd of the National Institute
      of Justice. "They can talk him into cooperating, beat
      him into submission or shoot him. If they had an
      alternative to a conventional firearm, they would
      probably buy it, chortle and club him harder."
      Law engorgement is emerging as a virtually untapped
      arena for high-tech tomfoolery. Out-of-work federal
      laboratories are cooking up new Trekkie weapons. N.I.J.,
      the research honeypot of the US DoJ, has become a sort of
      Home Shopping Network for LEA's, taking their porky arms
      dreams to the desperado labs dreaming de Guerra Frio.
      The result: a host of goofy not-at-all-cheap Edsels
      and wipesnots: Sticky Foam (SNL); Rear-Seat Air Bag       Millimeter Wave Camera (LLNL); Smart Gun (SNL); Magic
      Fingerprinting Wand (Alaska State Crime Lab); Snare Net
      (Foster-Miller); Strobe Goggles (LLNL); Backscatter X-
      Ray Scanner.
   SOW_gut

@_date: 1995-08-12 19:52:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MS BuoysTBS to Buy CBS? 
Here is an amusing AP headline from 8:30 PM EDT. Anybody know if it's a joke, or care?
Microsoft Reportedly Considers Buying $1 Billion To $2 Billion
Stake In Turner Broadcasting; Deal Would Help Turner Make Bid

@_date: 1995-08-13 06:17:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EYE_see 
8-13-95. NYPaper:
   "One Source, Many Ideas In Foster Case: Publisher Bankrolls
   Cover Up Theories."
      The theory of a Vincent Foster murder and a cover-up has
      been promoted by a handful of foundations and
      publications united by a common denominator: the money
      of Richard Mellon Scaife.
      "The death of Vincent Foster: I think that's the Rosetta
      Stone to the whole Clinton Administration," said Mr.
      Scaife, a newspaper publisher with half a billion
      dollars in the bank, during a two-hour interview.
   EYE_see (about 5K)

@_date: 1995-08-13 16:02:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EYE_see 
8-13-95. NYPaper:
   "One Source, Many Ideas In Foster Case: Publisher Bankrolls
   Cover Up Theories."
      The theory of a Vincent Foster murder and a cover-up has
      been promoted by a handful of foundations and
      publications united by a common denominator: the money
      of Richard Mellon Scaife.
      "The death of Vincent Foster: I think that's the Rosetta
      Stone to the whole Clinton Administration," said Mr.
      Scaife, a newspaper publisher with half a billion
      dollars in the bank, during a two-hour interview.
   EYE_see (about 5K)

@_date: 1995-08-14 06:29:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Data Secrecy Rift 
This seems worth posting in full:
   The New York Times, August 14, 1995, pp. D1, D8.
   Rift Emerges Over Computer Data Secrecy Issue
   By John Markoff
   Some of biggest names in the computer industry sent
   separate letters to the White House last week in
   pre-emptive moves aimed at a proposed regulation originally
   intended to insure that law-enforcement officials have
   access to encoded telephone and computer communications.
   The proposal may be released as soon as this week.
   But as the Government's task force on the encryption issue
   prepared to disclose the closely held details of the
   proposal -- the latest version of a measure revealed more
   than three years ago but subsequently reconsidered in the
   face of industry opposition -- unexpected divisions emerged
   from the last-minute, scattershot lobbying.
   The splits are developing at a crucial moment, with the
   Government's interagency task force also apparently divided
   between those favoring maximum governmental access to
   communications and those who support a loosening of export
   restrictions. Most industry executives had hoped to present
   a united front in favor of the more liberal position -- a
   goal that now appears to be in jeopardy.
   The two major groups sending letters to Vice President Al
   Gore, the Administration's point man on technology issues,
   were a group of computer hardware manufacturers and a group
   of the largest makers of software.
   In a letter sent to the Vice President last Thursday, eight
   executives, including James Treybig, chairman of Tandem
   Computers Inc.; Gil F. Amelio, chairman of the National
   Semiconductor Corporation; Edward McCracken, chairman of
   Silicon Graphics Inc.; Eugene Shanks Jr. president of the
   Bankers Trust New York Corporation, which conducts
   international electronic commerce, and Stephen T. Walker,
   chairman of Trusted Information Systems, urged that the
   Government immediately establish a new standard to control
   the export of technology that is used to encode
   communications, so that outsiders cannot tap in.
   A day later, however, a group of software publishers,
   including William H. Gates, chairman of the Microsoft
   Corporation; Jim P. Manzi, president of the Lotus
   Development Corporation and a senior vice president of
   I.B.M., Robert Frankenberg, chairman of Novell Inc.; Mark
   B. Hoffman, chairman of Sybase Inc., and Carol Bartz,
   chairwoman of Autodesk Inc., wrote arguing that the
   possible restrictive regulations that may soon be offered
   by the Government would fail to remove the current
   obstacles that keep American companies from competing in
   lucrative international markets.
   Many off-the-shelf programs cannot be marketed abroad
   without alteration under current regulations. For example,
   before American publishers can sell the popular Lotus Notes
   program abroad, they must replace its encoding system with
   a weakened version so that foreign communications can be
   monitored by American intelligence agencies. These
   restrictions date to the 1970's when advanced computer
   technology was treated as the equivalent of military
   technology and subject to the same strict controls.
   The software publishers have been able to sell their highly
   effective communications encoding products in this country,
   while sales abroad, they contend, have been hurt. Their
   letter also said that although the Administration agreed
   last year to work with industry toward a compromise, "there
   has been only minimal consultation with the software
   industry with respect to basic questions."
   "We're worried the Government is about to announce the son
   of Clipper," said Robert W. Holleyman 2d, president of the
   Business Software Alliance, referring to the Government's
   original proposal for changing the standard. This proposal,
   released in April 1993, would have replaced the cold
   war-era restrictions with a coding standard that allowed
   sales of strong encryption programs, but would have given
   United States law-enforcement agencies access to all
   communications through a back door with a numerical key.
   "The Administration has been trying to resolve how to keep
   U.S. companies competitive, but there remain individuals in
   the Government who want to do anything they can to slow the
   proliferation of new encryption technologies," Mr.
   Holleyman said.
   In April 1992, the Administration proposed a hardware-based
   system for protecting the privacy of telephone calls and
   computer data transmissions. The standard, known as the
   Clipper Chip, included a special "backdoor" that would
   permit law-enforcement officials to listen to conversations
   and monitor data exchanges.
   The original Clipper system called for a two-part key for
   decoding scrambled conversations. The two parts of the key
   -- actually two large numbers -- were to be held by two
   independent Government agencies. Under the plan, when a
   law-enforcement agency had a warrant to listen to a
   conversation encoded by Clipper, it would obtain the keys
   from the separate agencies. By merging the keys, it could
   obtain a key that would unlock the coded conversation.
   The Clipper proposal met with angry opposition both from
   advocates for civil liberties, who argued it would
   undermine the right to privacy, and by high-technology
   executives who said Clipper would be unacceptable for
   foreign users who would not want their conversations to be
   readable by the United States Government.
   The announcement of the new proposal may be imminent. Two
   trade associations, the Software Publishers Association and
   the American Electronic Association, are planning a
   conference on cryptography policy for Friday.
   Several people familiar with Administration policy
   discussions said the Government had until recently remained
   divided and that the director of the Federal Bureau of
   Investigation, Louis J. Freeh, has been the most vocal
   advocate of placing strict limits on any use of
   unsanctioned encryption technology.
   After the bombing of the Federal building in Oklahoma City,
   the F.B.I., circulated a proposed antiterrorism bill on
   Capitol Hill that would have banned even the domestic use
   of coding software except for systems approved by the
   Government.
   [End]

@_date: 1995-08-14 09:15:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: COS_sak 
8-14-95. NYPaper [a mote for Futplex's panoptic biblio]:
   "Dissidents Use Computer Network to Rile Scientology."
      The Church of Scientology is battling a band of on-line
      dissidents who have used the Internet to mail out
      globally its secret scriptures. On Saturday, as a result
      of a copyright infringement lawsuit, US marshals seized
      the computer of a former church employee who had
      electronically posted a 13-page text that he said was
      available in court records.
      Helena K. Kobrin, a lawyer for the church, said: "There
      are people out there who somehow think the Internet has
      created a new medium where all the rules go away, and
      it's not true. Things happen faster on the Internet, and
      we're going to keep up."
   COS_sak (about 7K)

@_date: 1995-08-14 09:17:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CEL_tic 
8-14-95. NYPaper:
   "Israelis and Others Feel the Sting of a Cellur Phone Bug."
      A software bug inside the Alpha digital phone of
      Motorola has demonstrated an area of vulnerability in
      the growing web of digital communications systems -- and
      prompted Motorola to issue a worldwide recall. Motorola
      wound up asking 150,000 Alpha users in six countries to
      return the phones to have the software changed. The
      Alpha adheres to an emerging standard for digital
      cellular telephones called time division multiple
      access, or T.D.M.A. The bug caused the phone to lock on
      to one channel and stay there indefinitely.
      "There are tremendous risks as soon as you put something
      in software," said Peter Neumann, a computer security
      specialist with SRI International. The cellular industry
      "has foisted a disastrously insecure technology on the
      public," he said.
   CEL_tic (about 7K)

@_date: 1995-08-15 05:32:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CAT_tal 
8-15-95. NYPaper. [fundie lab-work for quantum    "It's a Molecule. No, It's More Like a Wave. In theory, an
   amoeba can behave as a wave and interfere with itself. In
   a university laboratory, a subatomic search for
   Schrodinger's Cat."
      Scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
      recently completed an experiment that proves that an
      object at least as large as a molecule can be made to
      act like a light wave -- forcibly split into two
      component waves and separately manipulated, altered,
      recombined and analyzed. Dr. David E. Pritchard and his
      colleagues at M.I.T. remind skeptics that quantum theory
      permits any object to behave as either a particle or a
      wave, depending on how it is viewed. Dr. Pritchard's
      research and that of other teams around the world
      represent an explosion of scientific interest in
      interferometry, a centuries-old technique by which waves
      are split and made to interfere with themelves,
      revealing details of nature that are otherwise hidden.
      With a brilliant history of discovery behind it,
      interferometry seems poised for a new golden age.
   CAT_tal (about 15kb)

@_date: 1995-08-15 09:29:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PCryptoids 
A couple of cryptoids from PC Mag, 9-12-95:
   [Review excerpts] *Network Security, Private Communication    a Public World*, review by O. Ryan Tabibian
   The book is grouped into three parts: "Cryptography,'
   "Authentication," and "Electronic Mail." There is also a
   "Leftover" section, which covers security with popular
   network operating systems such as Microsoft Windows NT and
   NetWare.
   Most books fail to cover the difficult subject of
   cryptography effectively. *Network Security*, however,
   clearly describes the different cryptography methods --
   such as secret key, hashing, and public-key cryptography --
   as well as a variety of other technologies, including
   Diffie-Hellman and RSA.
   The second section, "Authentication," deals with how a
   system or persons you are communicating with can verify
   your identity. Verification schemes range from simple
   passwords to complex digital signatures. The authors do a
   remarkable job of describing and analyzing the variety of
   authentication methods.
   Since the majority of your access to the outside world is
   through e-mail, your messages are probably most vulnerable.
   The book covers some of the popular e-mail security
   schemes, such as public key and privacyenhanced mail. A
   brief overview of X.400 is also included.
   Overall this is perhaps the most comprehensive, yet
   easiest-to-understand book covering network security
   available.
   Network Security, Private Communication in a Public World,
   by Charlie Kaufman, Radia Perlman, and Mike Speciner,
   $46.00. Prentice Hall PTR, 800-947- 7700; ISBN:
   0-13-061466-1.
   [Then, Bill Machrone muses on the utility of an electronic
   business cards. Excerpts:]
   Some of my correspondents want a magnetic stripe on the
   business card, pretty much like the one on your credit
   cards. Others want a bar code. Assuming that you don't use
   the back of your card for an alternative language, you've
   got several square inches back there, plenty of room for
   data.
   What will we use it for? The database stuff is the easy and
   obvious part. Since the computer industry and IS
   departments are likely to be the earliest adopters, it
   would be a simple matter to standardize on a format that
   the reader spits out for easy importation into just about
   anything. If the software and I/O devices are cheap enough,
   the rest of the world will come along -- and benefit.
   Authentication is a potentially huge application. In some
   South American countries, fraudulent representation is
   common. Crooks collect business cards from legitimate
   businesspeople and then misrepresent themselves to
   perpetrate a variety of scams. As a result, businesspeople
   commonly tear a corner of their card as they hand it to
   you. You don't trust a card that wasn't torn in front of
   you.
   A more elegant solution lies in a new Kodak technology that
   can encode your likeness in as little as 500 bytes,
   readable by your PDA, notebook, or desktop machines. You
   could also include a machine-readable version of your
   public encryption key, making it easy for people to send
   you secure communications.

@_date: 1995-08-15 17:22:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TYM_eup 
Time magazine of Augst 21 has a breathless cover story on
   cyber war, infowar and farside warriors, with a piece on a
   Rocky Horror Rand war game. Someone who knows the URL for
   Time articles may want to wave it.
   Or, for squeamish ossifragers who do not want to be IDed at    Time stakeout:
   TYM_eup (about 36kb in 2 parts)

@_date: 1995-08-16 06:08:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PRZ Wins One 
PRZ is awarded a 1995 Chrysler Award for Innovation in
   Design, says a $40,000 full-page ad in The NYT today, with
   a brief citation:
      Philip Zimmermann is the designer of Pretty Good Privacy
      (PGP), an E-mail encryption software. Thanks to the
      algorithms of PGP, which was released to the public as
      free software in 1991, E-mail messages can be sent
      securely all over the world without the risk of
      interception by any third party.
   No mention of the free-world leader's sword poised to
   decapitalize the public-spirited designer to protect IC
   hegemony.

@_date: 1995-08-16 08:26:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BUY_lou 
8-16-95. NYPaper:
   "The F.B.I. and Ruby Ridge." [Editorial]
      Since the paranoid days of J. Edgar Hoover, the F.B.I.
      has been struggling to free itself of an institutional
      incapacity to admit its mistakes and punish wrongdoing
      by senior officials. Mr. Freeh, who was entrusted with
      this task, seems to have put misplaced confidence in a
      longtime friend and associate. Mr. Freeh is said to be
      infuriated that his trust was abused. Well he should be
      furious -- especially at himself.
   "Separatist Family Given $3.1 Million From Government."
      The Government agreed today to pay $3.1 million to the
      family of a white separatist whose wife and teen-age son
      were killed three years ago by Federal agents in a
      standoff on a remote Idaho mountainside. The decision to
      give Mr. Weaver and his children any money was
      particularly stunning, since Federal prosecutors tried
      two years ago to have him convicted in the killing of a
      Federal marshal at Ruby Ridge, and sought the death
      penalty. Federal investigators involved in the case were
      rebuked by the judge who presided over the trial. The
      case has also taken on political dimensions. Some
      conservative groups have cited the shootout, along with
      the 1993 F.B.I. assault on the Branch Davidian compound
      near Waco, Tex., as examples of Government abuse of
      power.
   BUY_lou

@_date: 1995-08-17 05:07:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WSJ on SSL Crack 
The Wall Street Journal, August 17, 1995, p. B3.
   French Hacker Cracks Netscape Code, Shrugging Off U.S.
   Encryption Scheme
   By Jared Sandberg
   A computer hacker in France has breached the encryption
   scheme of new Netscape software for navigating the
   Internet, the global computer network. The breach
   underscores flaws in U.S. rules restricting the export of
   more-sophisticated security measures.
   The hacker, a French student at the Ecole Polytechnique,
   cracked the weaker encryption scheme that U.S. government
   policy forces Netscape Communications Corp. to use in a
   foreign version of its Navigator software. Yesterday, he
   posted the results of his efforts on the Internet's
   Cypherpunks discussion group.
   The student took up a challenge issued on July 14 in the
   Cypherpunks group, which is frequented by cryptography
   experts and hackers and mathematicians. He used 120
   powerful computer workstations and two supercomputers to
   crack a piece of information encrypted in Netscape's
   "browser" software. The security is aimed at scrambling
   sensitive financial data to keep credit-card numbers, sales
   transactions and other material safe from breakms.
   The highly sophisticated computers took eight days to break
   the code -- far more power and time than the typical
   illegal hacker would be able to muster for criminal
   pursuits. But the chore nonetheless highlights the
   vulnerabilities that could make customers shy away from
   conducting commerce on the Internet, particularly
   international users who can't get hold of the tougher
   security measures allowed within the U.S.
   The French hacker was able to crack the so-called 40-bit
   encryption scheme in Netscape's overseas version of its
   software. In the U.S., Netscape employs a far more powerful
   design -- 128 bits, a number that refers to length of the
   encoding "key," which is used to scramble data.
   U.S. rules limit Netscape to exporting only 40-bit
   encryption overseas. Yet the 128-bit version takes
   exponentially more power to crack: Compared with violating
   the 40-bit scheme, the 128-bit key would take
   10-to-the-26th-power more time to breach, experts say.
   That's a 1 followed by 26 zeroes, a factor of time that
   makes it all but impossible for hackers to break in.
   Netscape wasn't surprised at the findings. The company said
   it has always known and stated that 40-bit security could
   be breached by "brute force," the use of massive computing
   power to descramble the information.
   "This is a good indication of why the government should
   allow us to ship more secure software," said Mike Homer,
   Netscape's vice president of marketing. "The laws are
   archaic."
   Clinton administration officials have viewed strong
   encryption as a weapon for foreign terrorists, who could
   exchange communications without fear of eavesdropping by
   law enforcement officials.
   That policy, however, has raised the hackles of industry
   executives, who say that without strong encryption abroad,
   the growth of electronic commerce could be significantly
   stunted. Last week, a group of software executives told the
   White House that restrictive export regulations might blunt
   American competitiveness in foreign markets.
   "Netscape security is fine," said Dietrich Cappe, a senior
   partner at Red Planet LLC, an Internet consulting company.
   "As long as the government's export restriction exists,
   commerce is going to be severely hampered." Netscape
   licenses the encryption algorithm from RSA Data Security
   Inc., one of the most prominent software security firms
   that licenses its software to most major software
   companies. "We've warned the government that the level of
   security they allow our customers to export is too weak,"
   said James Bidzos, president of RSA. "Maybe they'll listen
   now."
   Netscape's Mr. Homer noted, however, that the amount of
   effort and computing power, which could cost as much as
   $10,000 in addition to the cost of the machines, don't make
   even breaches of 40-bit security practical from a thief's
   perspective.
   "You'd be better off working in a shoe store, stealing
   credit card numbers for a week." Mr. Homer said.
   [End]

@_date: 1995-08-17 08:45:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RUB_han 
Hurray for PRZ and D.FR and the yet-untargeted DCF unconspiratorily, merrily, incites. Now, sordid lucre biz:
   8-17-95. NYPaper:
   "A mystery bankers love: How do credit cards stay so
   profitable?"
      The profit on credit card operations is almost five
      times the overall profit rate in banking. Last year,
      eight of the top nine commercial banks ranked by return
      on assets specialized in credit card loans. In a free
      market, this isn't supposed to happen. If the business
      is immensely profitable -- and that profitability is no
      secret -- why hasn't wideopen competition forced banks,
      at best, to offer lower interest rates to consumers or,
      at worst, at least to dissipate their excess profits in
      ever greater spending for promotion? This is not a
      pretty picture of free markets at work.
   "Mastercard Joins Banks to Plan Card That Works Like Cash."
   [This amplifies a bit the anonymous post on SmartCash.]
      The venture, called Smartcash, plans to issue what are
      called "stored value" or "electronic purse" cards.
      Customers would be able to load money onto these cards,
      say $20 or $50, at automated teller machines or by
      calling their banks with specially equipped telephones.
       "We're in a state of chaos," said Stephan Seidman, the
      editor of Smart Card Monthly, a trade publication. "A
      year ago banks said there was no good reason to issue
      smart cards. Now they are in a headlong plunge to get
      something out fast." The result, he said, is shifting
      and competing alliances that may lead to incompatible
      systems and confusion for consumers.
   Deux: RUB_han (about 10kb)

@_date: 1995-08-18 04:22:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Crypto Policy 
The New York Times, August 18, 1995, pp. D1, D6.
   U.S. to Urge A New Policy On Software
   Affempt at Compromise On Scrambling of Data
   By John Markoff
   The Clinton Administration broke a year of silence on its
   data-scrambling policy yesterday by saying it would soon
   propose an alternative to the Government's so-called Clipper
   Chip system, which has been widely criticized by makers and
   users of computer technology.
   The Administration announcement is an attempt to reach a
   compromise with American corporations on a software coding
   system that would protect the privacy of communication over
   computer networks while still permitting court-authorized
   wiretaps and eavesdropping by law enforcement officials.
   Critics of the Clipper Chip have opposed it because the
   Government refused to allow public examination of the
   underlying technology to make sure there were no secret
   backdoors that might allow unauthorized spying.
   Privacy-rights advocates attacked the policy because it
   called for a Government agency to hold a numeric key to
   each user's code. And technology executives have opposed
   the Government's data-scrambling policy because it
   restricts export of other types of data-security systems,
   which is seen as an impediment to sales of American
   computer products overseas.
   Officials of the Commerce Department's National Institute
   of Standards and Technology, which administers the data-
   scrambling standard, said yesterday that the Government
   would convene a workshop on Sept. 6 and 7 to discuss the
   new proposal. The topics include a proposal to relax the
   export policy and discussion of an alternative to Clipper
   technology that would be more palatable to industry
   executives.
   Industry officials had written two weeks ago to Vice
   President Al Gore, calling for resumption of talks that had
   broken off last year. In the talks last year industry
   leaders had met with Government officials to seek Clipper
   Chip alternatives.
   "I think that moving ahead with industry dialogue is
   positive," Robert W. Holleyman 2d, president of the
   Business Software Alliance, said yesterday. The alliance is
   a group of the industry's largest software companies,
   including Microsoft, Lotus and Novell. "But much more needs
   to be fleshed out," Mr. Holleyman said.
   One big criticism of the Clipper policy was the proviso
   that a Government agency would hold, in escrow, a decoding
   key that law-enforcement officials could obtain after
   receiving a court's authorization. The new proposal would
   still include a provision for holding keys in escrow, but
   Government officials said they were now willing to discuss
   letting non-Government escrow agents hold the keys.
   Later in September, the Government will hold a second
   workshop to discuss Federal standards for software coding
   systems that could then be used as an alternative to
   Clipper and a related technology called Capstone. In an
   attempt to establish Clipper and Capstone as de-facto
   industry standards, the original policy mandated that
   computer and communications systems sold to the Federal
   Government must contain Clipper or Capstone hardware.
   But the new approach might allow computer and
   communications companies to sell products to the Government
   that achieved the same privacy protection through software-
   only means. That would relieve companies doing business
   with the Government of the obligation to invest in Clipper
   and Capstone technologies that might not find buyers in the
   commercial marketplace.
   Another criticism of the Government s policy has been its
   longstanding export rules, which have put strict limits on
   the export of software containing data-encoding
   capabilities. The assumption has been that the Government's
   electronic spies, the National Security Agency, would be
   able to break codes with keys of 40 bits or shorter. But
   now the Government will consider allowing export of coding
   systems with keys up to 64 bits long -- on the condition
   that decoding keys be held in escrow for access by
   authorized law-enforcement officials.
   "This is definitely a compromise," said Ray Kammer, the
   deputy director of the National Institute of Standards and
   Technology. "During the past year we've had a pretty
   spirited debate about the possibility of a 64-bit software
   key-escrow system. Law enforcement people had to get used
   to the notion it might be possible to do this."
   The vulnerability of 40-bit systems was underscored two
   days ago. A French student decoded a message that had been
   encoded using the 40-bit security feature in the European
   version of the Netscape Communications Corporation software
   for navigating the Internet's World Wide Web service.
   The student, Damien Doligez, at Ecole Polytechnique, a
   French engineering and sciences college, used 120 computers
   in a campus network to simultaneously test every key
   possible in a short period. It took him eight days, but he
   was able to decode a single encoded Netscape message. Mr.
   Doligez announced his achievement on the Internet.
   Yesterday, Netscape issued a statement saying that the
   version of its software distributed in the United States
   supports 128-bit keys, which the company said would require
   more than one trillion times the computing power the French
   student used to decode the message.
   Despite the industry's tentative willingness to accept a
   key-escrow coding plan, civil liberties organizations and
   other computer experts said that escrow techniques made
   little sense in light of the fact that private individuals
   might use any kind of coding system they wished to exchange
   information domestically. Encoding systems without escrow
   keys are also widely available overseas.
   "How does key escrow accomplish what the Government has set
   out to do?" asked David Sobel, legal counsel for the
   Electronic Privacy Information Center, a Washington D.C.
   public interest group. "Nonescrowed encryption is out
   there," he said. "And for the concerns law and enforcement
   and intelligence have, the problem remains and it will
   remain under this policy."
   [End]

@_date: 1995-08-18 07:21:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BUK_guv 
8-18-95. W$Japer:
   "Encryption-Software Plan Presented Using 'Keys' Held by
   Escrow Agents." [This is a variation on the Markoff article
   today, with a bit more.]
      Companies hoping to start selling stronger encryption
      products will have to wait a few months, since the
      administration has yet to sort out important details.
      For instance, one unresolved issue is how to certify
      escrow agents to keep fly-by-night operators and
      organized-crime figures out of the business. And the
      administration's emerging policy doesn't deal with
      data-security hardware -- products that wire the
      encryption schemes right into chips or other devices.
      Even with the export restrictions, U.S. officials
      haven't been able to stop widespread international
      distribution of an encryption program, called Pretty
      Good Privacy, that is nearly impossible to crack.
   "Seizure of Electronic Messages In Obscenity Case Raises
   Questions."
      Users of a small computer bulletin board in Ohio sued
      local authorities who seized their electronic mail and
      other materials as part of an investigation into obscene
      postings. In their lawsuit, which appears to be the
      first of its kind, the plaintiffs contend that the
      Hamilton County Regional Computer Crimes Task Force and
      other authorities violated their rights to free speech
      and privacy by seizing their messages during a June raid
      of five bulletin boards. The plaintiffs also allege
      that, by seizing their private electronic messages, the
      authorities violated the Electronic Communications
      Privacy Act.
   Double yolk: BUK_guv (about 11kb)

@_date: 1995-08-18 07:23:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 28M_dip 
8-17-95. FPeach:
   "Russian 'in $2.8m Citibank computer fraud'."
      Citibank New York fell victim to a $2.8m fraud after a
      Russian computer hacker penetrated the bank's security
      system in Wall Street and removed the money from the
      accounts of corporate clients, it was claimed in a
      London court yesterday. The alleged fraud was carried
      out by a 24 year-old mathematics graduate using a
      computer in his office in St Petersburg, claim the US
      authorities, which are seeking his extradition from the
      UK.
   8-17-95. NYPaper:
   "Russian Accused of Citibank Computer Fraud."
      A judge set another hearing for Sept. 15 after Mr.
      Levin's lawyer argued that the Government has not shown
      that any computer in the United States was involved.
   Stereo: 28M_dip (about 6kb)

@_date: 1995-08-18 16:01:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Netscape security 
Responding to msg by altitude at cic.net (Alex Tang) on Fri, 18 Aug  2:52 PM
   While the WSJ story mentioned no names, other than the
   esteemed CypherName and our cypheragent who lured the
   reporter, later stories have given individual credit and
   amplified the "mainstream" impact of the cabalistic hacker
   culture crack.
   This segue may be due to the PR-mad corporations and the
   LEA's seeking to profit by the drama given to outsiders to
   get their safety-products approved, to pose themselves as
   being more devoted to the public weal than the devil-
   punks (liars or inadverdent truthsayers?).
   Or, it may just be a more interesting (lucrative) to pump
   the outsider, hacker aspect. Reporting on hackerdom has
   been oft used to boost a shrewd wannabe-an-insider's rep in
   the mainstream -- no names now, you know who they are, most
   are doing quite well, Zarathrustra bless their complicit
   Guccioni-success.
   So, hackers, punks, cypherpunks, up all night, right, watch
   them come calling for an interview when you misbehave in
   outrageous and wondrous and techno-magical ways. Gotta get
   lurid stories to allure the customer/advertiser/voter.
   Damien, Hal and the SSL-non-anonymous hackers, watch your
   backs, think of Kevin and his oh-so-admiring, trust-me
   provocateurs.
   Just my Time-averse sensor-jigger, sensing threat models.

@_date: 1995-08-19 04:36:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: HAQ_kof 
8-19-95. NYPaper:
   Whitfield Diffie OpEd: "Washington's Computer Insecurity."
      The Federal Government has refused to allow companies to
      export strong encryption systems, insisting that
      cryptography is a military weapon. If the Administration
      does not fundamentally alter its position, it is likely
      that our high-tech industries, which sell more than half
      their products outside the country, will continue to be
      forced to sell programs with weak security systems. This
      will pave the way for foreign companies to grab what is
      expected to become a huge market for properly
      safeguarded computer communications.
   "Citibank Fraud Case Raises Computer Security Questions."
      A $10 million computer fraud against Citibank appeared
      to be the first successful penetration by a hacker into
      the systems that transfer trillions of dollars a day
      around the world's banks. New details of the case were
      disclosed as a Federal complaint was unsealed in
      Manhattan. The hackers were accused of breaking into
      Citibank's cash management system, a network that allows
      its corporate customers to transfer money to any bank
      account in the world. Banking experts said similar
      breakins were bound to occur at a time when more
      powerful personal computers are available. Since the
      break-in, Citibank has required customers to use an
      electronic device, that creates a new password for every
      transfer.
   Two: HAQ_kof (11kb)

@_date: 1995-08-19 08:45:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: (Fwd) 1995 Nanotechnology Conference 
Fourth Foresight Conference on Molecular Nanotechnology
SUMMARY: The conference will be held November 9-11, 1995, in Palo Alto.
It is a multidisciplinary meeting on molecular nanotechnology, that is, thorough three-dimensional structural control of materials and devices at the molecular  level.
Attendees will include chemists, materials scientists, physicists,  engineers, and computer scientists interested in learning about the field and  participating in its development.
For further information, contact
     foresight at cup.portal.com
or see the Web page
     ftp://ftp.parc.xerox.com/pub/nano/nano4.html.

@_date: 1995-08-19 12:59:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DAM_lyz 
Information Week of August 28 has a cover story on
   "Internet Theft." It sees security threats in "freeware
   public-key encryption algorithms and anonymous remailer
   programs." BlackNet is red-flagged. Laggard law is cited.
   "This is where all the crime will be in the 21st century,"
   says Joseph Seanor, a federal government intelligence
   veteran. "Law enforcement officials are trying to get a
   handle on it, but they really can't stop it." Seanor adds,
   "When it comes to technology, criminals always seem to be
   one step ahead of law enforcement."
   If you can't steal the damthing: DAM_lyz

@_date: 1995-08-19 13:43:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Spooks and Hackers Inc 
Eye-catching quote in the Info Week story on Internet theft:
   Another threat is the growing number of information brokers
   who use online communications to match buyers and sellers.
   An increasing number of these brokers -- many of whom are
   former government intelligence employees in the United
   States and Eastern Europe -- work closely with hackers
   dealing in illicit data.
   "The biggest security problem organizations face today is
   information brokers," says Dan White, national director of
   information security at Ernst & Young in Chicago. "Since
   the end of the Cold War there have been a lot of people
   trained in espionage who don't have a lot to do."

@_date: 1995-08-20 13:12:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MSN hackers heaven (fwd) 
This is a variation on Brad's forward of the MSN security
   hole:
   Information Week, August 28, 1995, p. 24.
   Risk Looms On Microsoft Network. E-mail icons can hide
   viruses.
   A feature designed to make electronic mail easy to use on
   the Microsoft Network online service may also make it
   easier for hackers to trick users into running destructive
   software programs on their PCs.
   When a Microsoft Network user sends a binary file embedded
   in an E-mail message, the file appears as an icon on the
   recipient's screen. The recipient can double-click on the
   icon to automatically download the embedded file and
   execute it. To download the file without executing it, the
   recipient must use the mouse's right button, which has been
   rarely needed until now.
   Though other online services offer automatic downloading of
   files, Microsoft's goes one step further in allowing the
   file's automatic execution. That file could be a virus or
   other malicious program that could erase files or reformat
   a hard disk, according to Mike Wyman, VP and chief
   technical offficer of Interactive Data Corp., an investment
   information firm in Lexington, Mass., and a Microsoft
   Network beta user. "On the Microsoft Network, I can
   disguise an icon so that it looks innocuous," says Wyman.
   "The analogy I like to use is the Unabomber. If you get a
   package in the mail that's wrapped in duct tape and brown
   paper, you'd regard it as suspicious. But if it's a plain
   white envelope with Ed McMahon's picture on it, you
   wouldn't think twice about opening it."
   Microsoft says the feature is a convenience, not a security
   hole. "There are risks of getting [data] off the network in
   any form," says George Meng, group product manager for the
   Microsoft Network in Redmond, Wash. "People have to be
   aware of what the source of information is."
   Winn Schwartau, president of Interpact Inc., a computer
   security consulting firm in Seminole, Fla., disagrees. "If
   the ability to execute programs bypasses conventional
   filtering and virus controls, then you certainly have a
   security hole," he says "Potential 'Trojan horse' programs
   could be sent by anyone."
   By Mitch Wagner and Clinton Wilder
   [End]

@_date: 1995-08-20 20:10:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Basically F-C-ed 
Responding to msg by usura at replay.com (Alex de Joode) on Mon, 21 Aug  4:28 AM
What, Alex, FC stands for F*cking Counterterrorists, making work for themselves?
Oh my, are those bitter out of work XX-cold warriors heeding X-feebie Liddy, prolonging the 60's blame-the-radicals payoffs.

@_date: 1995-08-20 20:19:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: A glance at the future of missing child identification 
September Wired has an "Updata" on this by Simson Garfinkel, "A Chip for Every Child?"
A note says the original story was in Wired 1.6.
Excuse the W-word.

@_date: 1995-08-20 20:38:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: (Fwd) 1995 Nanotechnology Conference 
Responding to msg by jamesd at echeque.com ("James A. Donald") on Sun, 20 Aug  8:17 PM
The topic has come up here several times in connection with development of molecular computers. It has been suggested that there is a link to Len Adelman's work.
But maybe that was just a transparent cover story.
Perhaps it's actually a molecular part of the Waco Vince Foster Tom Clancy Pat Robertson Nuclear Weapons Material divulgation.
Thanks for provoking. What do you think? Your lively disputations have been missed.

@_date: 1995-08-21 09:31:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ENE_mah 
8-21-95. NYPaper:
   "C.I.A. Re-examines Hiring Of Ex-Terrorist as Agent: Agency
   Has Misgivings About Some on Payroll."
      As the Central Intelligence Agency cleans house after
      the cold war, trimming its roster of foreign agents and
      writing new rules for hiring them, a retired terrorist
      who was until recently on the agency's payroll has given
      it cause for some soul-searching. The case is a classic
      example of the dilemma the C.I.A. continually faces in
      recruiting foreign agents. The intelligence agency
      struggles to balance the demand to obtain information
      with its desire to keep its own hands clean, though it
      frames the issue in terms of national security, not
      morality. The C.I.A. will draw on the experience of the
      Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Drug Enforcement
      Administration in dealing with informants in the future.       is a break from the past; the agency has long considered
      law enforcement procedures an enema.
   ENE_mah

@_date: 1995-08-21 18:42:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Newsweek on PGPfone 
Newsweek, August 28, 1995, p. 10.
   Encryption: Pretty Good Phone Privacy
      [Photo] 'This is what I do': Cryptomaster Zimmermann
   In the wake of reports that the Clinton Administration is
   considering another Clipper-like scheme to ensure
   government access to encrypted conversations and e-mail,
   Phil Zimmermann is striking again. The 41-year-old author
   of the notorious PGP (Pretty Good Privacy) software program
   that scrambles e-mail so snoops can't read it is about to
   release a sequel: PGPfone, which allows people to use their
   computers as secure telephones. If you have a recent
   Macintosh (a Windows verson comes next month) and a fast
   modem, you and a friend can speak in total privacy. As with
   its predecessor, Zimmermann is giving the software away,
   via MIT's Internet sites. Meanwhile, he's still waiting to
   hear whether the Feds will indict him for export violations
   in the distribution of PGP. Does Zimmermann worry that
   releasing PGPfone -- which can theoretically frustrate law-
   enforcement wiretaps -- will further inflame those who wish
   him arrested? "I'm a cryptographer, " he says. "This is
   what I do."
   [End]

@_date: 1995-08-23 05:37:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYS_ize 
8-23-95. NYPaper:
   "Cyberspace Prophets Discuss Their 'Revolution' Face to
   Face."
      Supporters of Newt Gingrich gathered at a conference
      with the savants of cyberspace to create a common vision
      for America's future in the digital age. Conservative
      venture capitalists and self-proclaimed former hippies
      and anarchists all seemed to agree that America is
      entering an "information revolution" that will
      profoundly restructure the political, economic and
      social landscape. Discussion among the panelists was
      heavy on theory and often long on egoo.
   "Checks Delivered Via E-Mail Are Planned."
      A group of banks and technology companies said yesterday
      that they would design a system to create "electronic
      checks" that could be used to make payments over the
      Internet or other electronic mail systems. Unlike the
      electronic bill-payment services increasingly offered by
      banks, electronic checks could be sent directly by
      customers to their recipients, without going through the
      bank. The electronic check would contain all the
      information that is on today's paper checks. In
      addition, the check would contain a "digital signature,"
      a security code that could prove that the check was
      authorized by the account holder.
   Lion to ewe: NYS_ize (13kb)

@_date: 1995-08-24 07:33:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DYS_sys 
The New York Observer [NYC weekly], August 28, 1995.
   "Off The Grid: Non-Slaves of New York. 'Sovereign
   citizenship' isn't just for the power line-tapping,
   compound-dwelling white supremacists anymore. A guide to
   getting The System off your back, New York-style."
      They do not run around in military fatigues, they are
      not holed up in Central Park, and for the most part,
      they do not fall into the fringes of the extreme right
      or the extreme left. Yet here they are, in the center of
      the Center, going about their daily lives with nary an
      A.T.M. or credit card in their name, without a Social
      Security or voter registration card, without insurance
      or bank accounts and driving with licenses they
      themselves have rescinded. And one more thing: They do
      not pay any income taxes.
      What was made clear by Oklahoma City and Waco and
      Ruby Ridge, Idaho, and by Ross Perot and the Unabomber
      and most recently, Bill Bradley, is that dissatisfaction
      with "the system" is pervasive in this country. Living
      off the grid is the most personal way of expressing that
      discontent.
      But, says Sharon Biggs, who teaches a three-phase, 40
      week course out of her Washington Heights home on how to
      successfully remove oneself from the system, "the
      complexion is no longer that of the wronged individual
      or visionary. It has moved into the mainstream -- people
      who suspect that there is something wrong."
   DYS_sys (17kb)

@_date: 1995-08-25 08:26:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: KGB_laf 
8-25-95. NYPaper:
   "C.I.A. Still in Dark on Spy's Damage."
      Eighteen months after the arrest of Aldrich H. Ames,
      Moscow's mole inside the Central Intelligence Agency,
      the agency has still not sounded the depths of the
      damage he did. The process of looking backward to
      reconstruct the past and understand the present -- the
      business of "walking back the cat," in espionage argot
      -- has proved immensely frustrating. Often he did not
      know the true names or roles of the people he betrayed.
      The Soviet (and later the Russian) intelligence services
      forced some of the men Mr. Ames betrayed to become pawns
      in a game of deception, using them to feed false
      information on some of those operations to the C.I.A. in
      an effort to mislead and mystify the agency. The C.I.A.
      became a laughing stock for the way in which it
      investigated itself once it knew its Soviet agents had
      been betrayed.
   8-25-95. W$Japer:
   "Russia's Threat Beneath the Surface."
      Most elements of Russias's military arsenal are
      shrinking in numbers and effectiveness. Yet Russia is
      still completing construction of submarines begun in the
      Soviet era, on about the same timetable as the Soviets
      produced them. Recently, it laid the keel for an even
      more advanced submarine and will enter the next century
      with the largest nuclear submarine fleet in the world.
      That new Russian subs are so quiet is attributable in
      part to the skill of Russian scientists and engineers,
      in part to Western technology illicitly acquired, and in
      part to help from two convicted American spies, John
      Walker and Jerry Whitworth, who for many years sold U.S.
      secrets to the Soviet Union.
   Pair of Karlas: KGB_laf (14kb)

@_date: 1995-08-28 05:59:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: JOB_les 
8-28-95. NYPaper, Page One lead:
   "Skilled Workers Watch Their Jobs Migrate Overseas. College
   Educated Foreigners Are Doing High-Technology Tasks for Far
   Less Pay."
      The new tools of the information age were supposed to
      help the United States regain an edge in international
      competition. And while that has happened in many
      advanced-technology industries, the combination of
      powerful personal computers and high-capacity undersea
      telephone cables is also subjecting millions of
      white-collar Americans to the same global wage pressures
      that their blue-collar counterparts have long faced. As
      with steel and garment workers, the white-collar
      workers' positions and salaries increasingly depend on
      whether they can justify their higher pay with higher
      productivity. Many fear that the growing tendency of
      corporations to farm out tasks to developing countries
      is widening the gap even further between the rich and
      everybody else in American society by eliminating some
      categories of high-skill, high-wage jobs that make up
      the heart of the middle class.
   "Dissecting the information revolution (in advance): With
   a look at one of Newt's Laws and at 'friction-free
   capitalism.' " [Expands on last week's Aspen article]
      The Aspen conference provided some people with their
      first exposure to Newtonion economics -- which appears
      to be the information-age equivalent of Ronald Reagan's
      trickle-down economics. It is called "friction-free
      capitalism." Nathan Myhrvold noted that one can now
      order custom-fit blue jeans directly from the
      manufacturer.
   Double trouble: JOB_les (17kb)

@_date: 1995-08-30 10:22:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CIA & Espionage 
Responding to msg by danisch at ira.uka.de (Hadmut Danisch) on Wed, 30 Aug  2:46 PM
This is excerpted from:
     IWR Daily Update Vol. 2, No. 181
  JULY 24, 1995
  UNITED STATES - CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY (CIA)
   President Clinton has ordered the CIA to make economic    against our trade rivals a top priority. [sources: Los Angeles Times-
   Washington, by James Risen, 7/23/95; Kyodo - Los Angeles,

@_date: 1995-12-02 22:32:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SHU_tup 
12-2-95. NYPiper:
   "Accord Reached For Limiting Smut on Internet." Page One
   lead.
      Bowing to a seemingly unstoppable push in Congress to
      keep sexual material off the Internet, a coalition of
      commercial on-line services and some civil liberties
      groups agreed today to accept a number of restrictions
      they had opposed a few months ago.
   "Terrorism Bill Plan May Break Deadlock." Tiny article.
      In a bid to salvage a stalled antiterrorism bill, the
      chairman of the House Judiciary Committee has agreed to
      the demands of conservative Republicans to remove
      proposals expanding the Government's wiretapping
      authority.
   SHU_tup  (10 kb)

@_date: 1995-12-03 01:49:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EXO_ner 
SenXon and The Washrag blow today about which has the most to be ashamed of and hide from the filthy lingerie leering EXO_ner  (sheer kb)

@_date: 1995-12-03 09:53:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Transatlantic Agenda 
If anyone knows where to get a copy of this document -- especially those surely secret concordances that address the agenda of this list -- please whistle:
European Union leaders signed on Sunday a so-called New Transatlantic Agenda intended as a blueprint for Euro-American relations into the 21st century.  human rights, aid, democracy, health care and crime-fighting among other subjects.

@_date: 1995-12-04 04:49:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SEN_sor 
12-4-95. NYPeeper:
   "The Rand Corporation salutes E-mail as the new foundation
   of democracy." Denise Caruso's column.
      Are we ready, as a society, for ubiquitous Government-
      mandated electronic communication? Not yet. E-mail today
      does not have the same constitutional free-speech and
      privacy protections already afforded the telephone and
      postal mail. In addition, free speech on the Net is far
      from assured. There are several bills pending in
      Congress right now that would severely restrict what
      people can say in either private or public forums on the
      Internet. Despite Rand's finding that virtual
      communities are powerful tools for democratic discourse,
      it will be difficult for communities to form under
      constant threat of censorship.
   "Java Backers Taking Aim At Microsoft's Dominance."
      A number of Silicon Valley companies plan announcements
      on Monday that together constitute an anti-Microsoft
      campaign. The most noteworthy: A plan by Sun and
      Netscape for a user-friendly version of the Java
      software technology for the Web. The strategies being
      announced this week represent opening skirmishes in what
      may be the next great standards battle in the industry.
   "Nearing the $500 Computer for Internet Use."
      Acorn is about to introduce a stripped-down machine for
      Net surfing that sells for about $900. By stripping it
      of its monitor and hard disk drive, and adding a
      high-speed modem, Acorn executives say they can hit a
      retail price less than $500. They plan to ship the
      Netsurfer by early next year, and are discussing
      licensing with Oracle and a number of American and Asian
      companies.
   SEN_sor  (16 kb)

@_date: 1995-12-04 06:25:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GAK_hit 
12-4-95. W$Jabber:
   "Microsoft Probe Spurs Subpoenas Tied to Internet.
   Antitrust Effort Appears Focused on Windows 95 Disabled
   Rival Software."
      The subpoenas indicate that Justice Department officials
      are focusing on whether Microsoft's Windows 95 and
      related Internet software improperly disable rival
      programs that let users access the Internet. Industry
      executives said the Justice Department has issued "civil
      investigative demands" to Netscape and CompuServe.
      The subpoena issued to Netscape may be of particular
      significance. In the estimate of Netscape and industry
      observers, roughly 80% of World Wide Web users, a
      population pegged at more than 17 million, use
      Netscape's software. Because of that presence, even if
      Netscape were alone in having its software disabled by
      Microsoft's new products, "I would say Netscape would
      have a cause of action and that the Justice Department
      would have a basis to investigate or bring an action,"
      said Garret Rasmussen, an antitrust lawyer.
   GAK_hit  (5 kb)

@_date: 1995-12-04 15:00:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Privy Affairs 
The WSJ and Financial Times report today on The New
   Transatlantic Agenda, the trade and security pact signed by
   the US and Europe yesterday to "boost cooperation."
      [WSJ] The accord's center piece commits the parties to
      working together on 150 specific policy areas, including
      cutting trade barriers, strengthening cooperation in
      nuclear nonprofliferation and fighting international
      crime.
      "There are mixed urges in Europe right now," says Kirsty
      Hughes, head of the European program at the Royal
      Institute for International Affairs in London. "On one
      hand, the nations of Europe want to keep the U.S.
      involved in European affairs, and on the other, they
      want to develop their own economic, political and
      security arrangements."
   Then, the Fin Times piece, headlined "Clinton and EU
   leaders agree on crime," reports on a variety of issues but
   mentions only in passing the phrase "crime, drugs and
   terrorism."
   This treatment suggests that there is more boosting of
   security and crime-fighting cooperation than the press is
   reporting -- or privy to.
   Recall recent reports on:
      A World Trade Organization cyberspace czar to bring law
      and order to the unruly Net.
      EU plans for setting standards and certifications for
      products, including software for computer security,
      encryption and authentication.
      The future threat to "the West" by a hyper-cyber Asia
      [ex-colonies] deploying information wizardry to level
      the playing field.
   Cooperation on trade and "crime, drugs and terrorism" might
   then be a euphemism for economic aggression -- US-EU
   international affairs arranged to maximize benefits for
   transatlantic self-interests.
   If so, then cryptography is truly a highly valuable
   munitions for economic warfare, worthy of the strongest law
   and enforcement measures, closely fit to the power of the
   weapon. With US-EU GAK and ITAR to protect markets of the
   transatlantic super-nation and selected meta-atlantic
   partners in crime-pure joy.
   Would Michael Froomkin, RIIA Foreign Associate, care to    generously unscramble this international affairs sigint?
   Air the pinstriped privy, ahem.

@_date: 1995-12-06 06:28:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ERA_sur 
There's implicit boost for encryption in the controversial
   "undeleting" of personal files on Jean Lewis's floppy,
   subpoenaed by Whitewater investigators.
   Peter Wayner has a thread about it on Cyberia-L.
   NYT had a brief about it yesterday, WSJ an editorial today.
   ERA_sur

@_date: 1995-12-06 16:36:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SEQ_uel 
Science, Dec 1, 1995.
   "The Evolution of Molecular Computation." By Willem
   Stemmer. Comments on the limitations of Leonard Adleman's
   and Richard Lipton's DNA-computation research compared to
   the utility of sequence evolution computation.
      Although DNA sequencing of the selected solutions poses
      a practical problem for molecular computation, this
      drawback does not exist for computation with genetic
      algorithms or for in vitro evolution or computer
      simulations of natural evolution, called artificial
      life. Sequence evolution appears to be a useful general
      tool for solving many complex problems, whether the
      solution is a number, sequence, program, or structure.
   SEQ_uel  (6 kb)

@_date: 1995-12-07 06:39:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Plea for information 
Daniel,
   During a year in this penitentiary, here's five I heard the
   older cons mutter:
   1. "Applied Cryptography," Second edition just out, Bruce
   Schneier, Wiley, 1996. Flip through it and stare in
   disbelief and awe. Enjoy 2-5 and return, anxious.
   2. "The Codebreakers," David Kahn, Macmillan, 1967. Crypto-
   biblical tales of lying and cheating via momentarily secret
   tricks. Continued in 3.
   3. "Cyphernomicon," Tim May et al, 1006-Far Future. A wad
   of inspiring sci-non-fi of miscreating, eluding hard-bars
   and regaling in off-shore soft-bars. Also, C4.
   4. "Cypherpunks archives," All Wholesomes, ,
   Infinite. The stingers honey pot for luring beekeepers into
   berzerk swarms. Wear 5 for protection.
   5. "PGP." Download it somewhere somewhat legally while you
   can, practice picking this sitar. And heave some brick-
   bucks at benefactor Phil for malefactor dues.

@_date: 1995-12-08 08:56:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BAR_tur 
12-08-95. W$J:
   "Microsoft to Adopt Rival Tecnologies."
      Gates yawned, "its awakening a sleeping giant."
      "In a fight between a bear and an alligator, what
      determines the victor is the terrain," Andreesen
      shat. "What Microsoft just did is move onto our
      terrain."
      Ellison puked, "the Internet makes strange bedfellows."
      Schmidt shreiked, "Java moola."
   BAR_tur

@_date: 1995-12-09 07:14:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MAG_got 
The NYPaper Sunday Mag 12-10-95 has a longish soft-hitter
   by Tim Weiner about the CIA's never-say-die Deutch-uncle's
   CPR-wheezing the wormy carcass.
   MAG_got

@_date: 1995-12-13 11:34:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: KOC_her 
12-11-95. NYPaper Page One:
   John Markoff reports on Paul Kocher's paper on the timing
   attack vulnerability of public-key encryption. Quotes Matt
   Blaze, Bruce Scheiner, Ron Rivest, Martin Hellman, James
   Bidzos.
   KOC_her (11 kb)

@_date: 1995-12-16 05:54:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: INT_mes 
The WP, Dec 15, 1995:
   Internet Mess: Return to Sender [Editorial]
   The negotiations between House and Senate conferees on the
   restriction of pornography in cyberspace have gone from bad
   to worse. A tentative accommodation arrived at last night,
   which the conferees must still vote to accept or kill,
   combines some of the worst of a broad array of misguided
   restrictions on speech, none of them likely to protect
   children.
   INT_mes
   Digital claims that its new crawler called Alta Vista, can
   find data on the World Wide Web at speeds of up to 100
   times faster than currently popular crawlers from Yahoo
   Corp., Open Text Corp. or Lycos Inc.

@_date: 1995-12-16 14:18:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RES_ist 
12-15-95. NYPaper, crypto-bizarrely:
   "Extremist Army Group at War With U.S. Policy."
      It is not known how large the underground group is but
      the Special Forces acknowledge the group's existence and
      says that it was not in violation of any regulations.
      Its newsletter, The Resister, available on the Internet,
      said it favored "strict constitutionalism, isolationism,
      laissez-faire capitalism, individual rights, limited
      government and republicanism," and opposed "statism,
      liberalism, tribalism, socialism, collectivism,
      internationalism, democracy, altruism, pull politics and
      the New World Order."
   RES_ist  (10 kb)

@_date: 1995-12-18 05:54:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GLO_bul 
12-18-95. NYPaper:
   "His Goal: Keeping the Web Worldwide."
      An adoration of selfless Tim Berners-Lee with a       pan gloss of the World Wide Web Cartel.
   "From Mainframes to Global Networking."
      I.B.M.'s selfless strategy for Net supremacy,       hand-in-hand with altruistic AT&T and eleemosynary       Microsoft.
   GLO_bul  (17kb)

@_date: 1995-12-18 23:31:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GIA_nts 
12-18-95. NYPaper:
   "Telecommunications Giants Join Internet Security Quest."
      The consortium seeks to establish a layer of software
      and hardware standards that would effectively rest atop
      the Internet. Their goal is to make the Internet more
      secure, reliable and easy to use. The consortium started
      meeting last summer, and had seven core members: AT&T,
      Deutsche Telekom, Lotus, Novell, NTT, the Telstra
      Corporation and Unisource. The group held private       meetings from Dec. 6 through Dec. 9 in New York,       attended by 24 phone carriers and 14 computer companies,       including Intel, Microsoft, Sun and the Hewlett-Packard.    "The prospect of Internet censorship raises troubling
   issues for business." Denise Caruso's column.
      While most of the outcry has raised valid concerns about
      the First Amendment and civil liberties, little of the
      discussion has focused on how censorship could cripple
      much of the Internet's commercial potential. "This
      proposal will have more than a chilling effect," Ms.
      Fulton said. "It may well mean a cold death for everyone
      except very rich and very cautious media companies."
   GIA_nts  (11 kb)

@_date: 1995-12-20 09:37:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: KOD 
Congratulations to the cypherpunks named Newsweek's "Big Thinkers of tomorrow -- the list of 50 People Who Matter Most on the Internet." In the December 25 issue.
And, sympathy for the Kiss of Death envynescent celebrity.

@_date: 1995-12-20 14:23:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DCI_kgb 
The 12-20-95 WPost reports the Deutch/Perry move to
   kremlinize finance of the 13 spy agencies under the DCI    -- to transform the "vaguely associated medieval guilds    into a modern corporate team" -- and palmly slather $29    billion IC grease:
      National Forward Intelligence Program (CIA, NSA, DIA,
      NRO, parts of three G2s, DOE and FBI): $16bn.
      Tactical and Related Activities (warfighting support):
      $10bn.
      Joint Military Intelligence (cryptology, aerial recon,
      counter-narc and mapping): "Several billion."
   DCI_kgb (6 kgb)

@_date: 1995-12-20 14:58:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: KOD 
Responding to msg by dmandl at bear.com (David Mandl) on Wed, 20 Dec  4:3  PM
Anyone out of Newsweek's range, return this msg, empty, to me to get the 50 mugshots, then ... sort out the living from the Best not to cypherdunk the already nym-shot victims. Privacy is paramount, bellows this list, no?

@_date: 1995-12-20 19:33:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: QCF_dec 
Science, 8 December 1995
   Quantum Computers, Factoring, and Decoherence
   I. L. Chuang, R. Laflamme, P. W. Shor, W. H. Zurek
   [First paragraph] The uniqueness of the prime
   factorization of a positive integer is the Fundamental
   Theorem of Arithmetic. In practice, the determination of
   the prime factors of a given number can be an exceedingly
   difficult problem, even though verification is trivial.
   This asymmetry is the basis for modern cryptography and
   provides secret codes used not only on your own bank card
   but also to transfer diplomatic messages between embassies.
   [Precis] It is known that quantum computers can
   dramatically speed up the task of finding factors of large
   numbers, a problem of practical significance for
   cryptographic applications. Factors of an L-digit number
   can be found in ~L^2 time [compared to ~exp(L^1/3) time] by
   a quantum computer, which simultaneously follows all paths
   corresponding to distinct classical inputs, obtaining the
   solution from the coherent quantum interference of the
   alternatives. Here it is shown how the decoherence process
   degrades the interference pattern that emerges from the
   quantum factoring algorithm. For a quantum computer
   performing logical operations, an exponential decay of
   quantum coherence is inevitable. However, even in the
   presence of exponential decoherence, quantum computation
   can be useful as long as a sufficiently low decoherence
   rate can be achieved to allow meaningful results to be
   extracted from the calculation.
   I. L. Chuang, Stanford University.
   R. Laflamme and W. H. Zurek, Los Alamos National Laboratory.
   P. W. Shor, AT&T Bell Labs.
   ----------
   QCF_dec (18 kb)
   Sent with compressed qcf1.jpg of 14 equations and 2    figures (31 kb)

@_date: 1995-12-21 08:05:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Encryption Rules Coming 
Financial Times, December 21, 1995, p. 4.
   Encryption rules to be prepared
   By Andrew Jack in Paris
   Representatives of international business and government
   yesterday agreed to draw up guidelines on encryption, a
   system which allows computer users to transmit information
   electronically with little risk that it can be intercepted
   and understood by unauthorised "hackers".
   The meeting, which was held at the International Chamber of
   Commerce in Paris, could lead to formal propositions
   prepared jointly by business and government organisations
   that could be ready by as soon as next summer.
   Yesterday's meeting did not have any formal legal
   authority, but was highly significant as the first forum
   where so many representatives of governments businesses and
   computer experts met to discuss developments in encryption.
   Highly sophisticated encryption technology already exists
   in a number of countries including the US and Sweden. In
   the US, companies already have access to these programs. A
   growing number of businesses -- led by the banking sector
   -- are demanding access to these programs.
   However, many governments, including that of the US, have
   resisted permitting the technology to be exported because
   they fear it will fall into the hands of organised crime
   and terrorist organisations.
   They have demanded that they should be able to "hack" into
   computer transmissions for counter-intelligence and
   criminal investigation work, in the same way that they can
   conduct telephone-tapping exercises.
   An important conclusion of yesterday's Paris meeting was
   that business agreed in principle to allow such hacking to
   take place as long as sufficient safeguards were in place
   and "electronic search warrants" had been issued with
   proper judicial approval.
   A number of governments appear willing to permit relaxation
   of export controls on sophisticated encryption devices as
   long as these safeguards are in place.
   Among the issues that experts on both sides need to resolve
   are the ways in which "keys" allowing computer
   transmissions to be decoded would be handled.
   A number of business organisations have discussed the use
   of third-party organisations, which would be independent of
   government, would have the keys and would hand them over to
   government investigators when demands were justified.
   However, the organisations still have to resolve a number
   of issues, including how these custodians could be made
   legally liable for any unauthorised access to this
   information and for the costs of its misuse.
   [End]
   Does anyone have press reports or more information on this    meeting? Any connection to the recently signed Transatlantic
   Agenda?

@_date: 1995-12-21 08:39:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: KGB_cia 
12-21-95. WPutz:
   "In an unusual interview Yevgeny Primakov, head of the
   Russian Foreign Intelligence Service, discussed problems
   and challenges facing his intelligence agency in terms that
   often sounded like testimony that CIA Director John M.
   Deutch gave the House intelligence committee Tuesday.
   In comments that echoed those of his U.S. counterparts,
   Primakov charged that some post-Cold War budget cuts in his
   agency developed 'because the [Russian] press ganged up on
   us [and] many newspapers wrote absurd things about us,
   including statements that foreign intelligence was no
   longer necessary at all.' His remarks about media coverage
   were similar to recent statements by Deutch and his
   predecessors, R. James Woolsey and Robert M. Gates."
   KGB_cia  (5 cia)

@_date: 1995-12-21 15:32:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Telcom bill report 
Responding to msg by EALLENSMITH at ocelot.Rutgers.EDU ("E. ALLEN SMITH") on Thu, 21 Dec  6:12 PM
certain to
to free
In the NYT the sentence above was followed by:
"Indeed, the measure includes a provision that requires a Federal court in Washington to take up the issue almost as soon as someone challenges its legality."

@_date: 1995-12-23 09:11:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PAN_maw 
12-23-95. WashP:
   CyberCash this week plans to offer its shares of stock to
   the public. It is one of a handful of fledgling companies
   that hope to coin profits by helping others make financial
   transactions on the Internet. But consumers still worry
   that hackers on the Internet can ferret out credit card
   information. CyberCash's technology blocks online seeing of
   unscrambled credit card numbers. CyberCash and its IPO
   advisors believe they have developed schemes that will
   convince lemmings that there is the equivalent of
   steel-plated armor around their life savings as they vanish
   into the Internet's mega-panamaW$.
   "This is the latest Internet digital currency slaughter-
   offer for fat-fee hacking our Widows and Orphans Ever-Safe
   Pensions," choraled a split-gut ice-eyed Santanalyst.
   PAN_maw  (5 kb)

@_date: 1995-12-25 00:34:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TAX_zip 
12-24-95. NYPaper:
   "Money Laundering, New and Improved. To really hide loot,
   wait for the arrival of 'cybercash.' "
      The days when you could trust a Swiss banker to hold on
      to your millions and keep his mouth shut are long gone.
      Embarrassing disclosure incidents are forcing any money
      launderer worth his pocket change to go high-tech, using
      the wonder of home-banking computer programs to zip
      money across borders. What American authorities fear the
      most, however, is the rise of "cybercash."
      "The nightmare of it is that there is no registration of
      every transaction, the way there is if you use a Visa or
      Mastercard," said Stanley E. Morris, who heads the
      financial crimes enforcement network.
   TAX_zip  (7k)

@_date: 1995-12-25 00:38:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: KID_zoo 
12-24-95. NYPaper:
   "Case Involving Free Speech And the Internet Is Settled."
      A dispute about free speech on the Internet has been
      settled out of Court here after a local school district
      admitted that a high school principal had wrongly
      reprimanded a student for lampooning his school on the
      World Wide Web. The school district apologized to Mr.
      Paul Kim for the punitive actions. "We now know our own
      boundaries," said Ann Oxrieder, the school district's
      spokeswoman. "The Internet is unexplored territory for
      schools and we now know that when a student uses his own
      equipment and on his own time, we should stay out of
      it."
   KID_zoo  (6k)

@_date: 1995-12-25 00:51:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RAT_357 
The NYPaper of 12-23 and 12-24-95 report on the arrest
   Wednesday and "suicide" yesterday of Thomas Lewis Lavy, who
   was jailed under anti-terrorism statutes for trying to
   import from Canada to Alaska 130 grams of the deadly poison
   ricin -- enough to "kill thousands of people," officials
   said. Some 40 F.B.I. agents and Army chemical warfare
   specialists mounted the assault in deadly "survivalist,
   fundamentalist" Arkansas, right deadly Ollie North's    recreational-poison/gun swap fly-in.
      Lavy's attorney, Sam Heuer, took sharp issue with the
      government's accusations. "It is such a tragic case,"
      Mr. Heuer said. "An overzealous U.S. Attorney in Alaska
      and a hot dog F.B.I. agent tried to paint Tom as
      something he was not. Tom was a very gentle, very kindly
      person. We have the right to have rat poison or coyote
      poison, just like we have the right to have a .357
      Magnum."
   RAT_357  (12k)

@_date: 1995-12-25 07:17:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jingling Bells 
That NY Times upbeat shopping report on gift-horse
laundering recalls Judeo-Christo-Muslim-Buddhist-whatever
X-marketing of indulgences to complicitously blessed
international drug-running bandit-patrons of days gone
Battling the state for tax-whack is the grand legacy of
brawling twix cult and state. Tithe or tax, forgiveness
or the noose, adorable mass-murderer, theism or atheism,
no exit, you're hoisted.
It's a fine compact for building monuments to bedrugged
faith of earthly pleasures, temples and capitols, cons
spiritual blessing and caressing cons secular for
percentages generous.
Bedrugged with the rich history and rewarding journalism
of such back-scratching by gods of mammons galore, one
wonders how many Caribbean rimmers of yet unadvertized
international cults are now bulging their laundry sacks
cuts of the drugs.
To the cults of rome and jerusalem and mecca for
swamplords of rickety blow-downs, of scientologists
mimcking these venerable predecessors, add the ex-swiss
bankers now sweltering in hellish Cayman, the hot-eyed
ex-usa's with kids in college, sole-practitioner very
hungry beagles, all deeply inhaling the colombian aroma.
All offering mother goose refuge from Sam, off-shore, in
the cave of shadows, any world of illusory power where
you're willing to pay the stiff-arm dues for protective
There's no fee meal like that served by god-mammon's own
earthly courtesans and courtiers sweet-and-sour abrading
innermost money=immortality fears.
CoS's E-meter-cleaner is dead-on for E-cash-drug
jingling bells.

@_date: 1995-12-25 22:49:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ROS_pig 
12-25-95. NYPaper:
   "Fear Of Freedom: The urge to censor persists." Anthony
   Lewis column.
      The very essence of the on-line world is freedom. The
      effect of the "indecent" prohibition of the telecom bill
      will be to reduce all users of cyberspace to the level
      of children. That is exactly what Justice Felix
      Frankfurter found unconstitutional writing for the
      Supreme Court in 1957, about a Michigan law that banned
      sales to anyone of material unsuitable for children.
      "Surely," he wrote, "this is to burn the house to roast
      the pig."
   "Coming Soon to Computers Everywhere, a World's Fair." John
   Markoff.
      In an era when the Internet has become synonymous with
      commercialism and instant fortunes, Carl Malamud's
      commitment to public service has set him apart. Mr.
      Malamud maintains that there are still two ways to build
      the Internet. One is the high-stakes high-visibility
      route of initial public offerings in the stock market,
      the money-raising approach being pursued by people like
      Netscape Communication's founders, Jim Clark and Mark
      Andreeson. The other route, Mr. Malamud maintains, is by
      soliciting funds and building viable public works
      projects that benefit the common good.
   2 in 1: ROS_pig  (13k)

@_date: 1995-12-26 08:16:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bidzos on C-Span 2 
If you care, Jim is smoothly hawking a beautiful world of easy-going crypto on C-Span 2, at least in NYC at 5:35 PM.
At a session in San Francisco, probably a recording.
Jingle jangle.

@_date: 1995-12-26 08:24:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bidzos Coda 
The Bidzos show was recorded 12/8/95 at the Commonwealth Club in SF. It finished here at about 5:45 PM.
Only caught  a piece. Jim was answering written questions about a range of crypto and Internet security issues from the Among other things, he says they're working on an encryption program "closely tied to the OS of portables, to protect the data if the machine is lost or stolen."
He also said, "don't throw tomatoes," but they're doing something with "private key escrow" for those who want to provide access to their encrypted material in case of death or other emergency.
Maybe some other idle sinner saw more, or was at the realtime

@_date: 1995-12-28 04:11:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Rawbutt Day 
Rasping rawbutts for National Whiners Day here's a duo    of pinhole puckers about the shut-your-filthy-hole bill:
   The Wash Post, Dec 25, 1995:
   Internet Football
   The Internet provisions are still in flux along with the
   rest of the host telecommunications bill, in which this
   newspaper and its parent company have an interest. If these
   provisions go through in anything like their present form,
   then their vulnerability to challenge on First Amendment
   grounds seems clear. It makes sense for a court to sort out
   the constitutional from the technical aspects of this new
   form of "speech," and the sooner the better.
   It won't be easy. The main legal questions about the
   proposed Internet indecency regulations as they now stand
   are inextricably wound up with technical issues. Can the
   "transmitters" of material that is deemed "indecent" ensure
   to a reasonable degree of certainty that underage computer
   users cannot get to it? If they fail, how can they show
   they tried? Several ideas here are flags for trouble.
   No legally solid test exists for the "indecency" standard
   now in the regulations -- patterned on those used for
   earlier dial-a-porn legislation but addressing totally
   different technologies. The coalition of moderate conferees
   had tried to replace the term with the more explicit
   "harmful to minors" but failed by a single vote. The
   Justice Department said in a letter last week that a
   "harmful to minors" standard was more likely than
   "indecency" to pass scrutiny but that "an overly broad
   restriction would likely not withstand constitutional
   scrutiny regardless of the standard chosen."
   That brings up the meaning of "transmit." Who is
   responsible for "transmitting" a smutty text that, say, a
   high school student locates by using an ordinary commercial
   account to (1) find, download and install free software
   that searches the Web, (2) use that tool to find a
   pornographic bulletin board overseas, and (3) make a copy
   to store in his own computer?
   The regulations now would punish anyone who "uses any
   interactive computer service to display [indecent material]
   in a manner available to a person under 18 years of age."
   But the bulletin board overseas isn't subject to U.S. Iaw.
   Most likely it will be up to the commercial providers to
   demand ID for certain types of accounts -- or up to
   account-buying parents to limit the scope of their kids'
   accounts. Whether providers can actually wall off sectors
   of the electronic world without cooperation from the adults
   paying the bills has more to do with the available
   electronic gizmos than with the laws governing the world to
   which they give access.
   There is much complicated back-and-forth about whether
   providers such as America Online and Prodigy will be held
   responsible for the effectiveness of the measures they
   take. But only the courts can decide what truly works. A
   court muddled its way through the Prodigy case on this
   topic in New York State recently. It declined to modify its
   own judgment that the provider was more liable because it
   had tried to create a "PG bulletin board" than if it had
   not. Whether or not this stands, it's a measure of the
   disconnect that persists as this legislation stumbles
   toward final enaction.
   The NY Times, Dec 26, 1995:
   Mr. Hollings Saves the Phone Bill
   House and Senate conferees seemed ready to negotiate a
   damaging telecommunications compromise until Senator Ernest
   Hollings of South Carolina, the chief Senate negotiator,
   altered that destiny last week. Wielding the threat of a
   filibuster and a deft legislative hand, he rescued the best
   parts of flawed House and Senate bills passed earlier,
   added some good new ideas and threw out most of the rot.
   His draft bill could spark innovation and set off
   consumer-friendly competition among television, cable and
   telephone companies. Its biggest flaw is a heavy-handed and
   probably unconstitutional effort to ban "indecent material"
   from the Internet.
   The original bills sought to break down barriers that keep
   media companies from entering each other's markets. But
   three mistakes were made. The bills would have deregulated
   cable rates before competition by other video companies
   could protect customers from price-gouging cable operators.
   Local phone companies would have been allowed to enter the
   long-distance market before they faced competition from
   cable or other companies. Worse still, the bills would have
   allowed broadcasters, cable operators, telephone companies
   and newspapers to merge too easily. That could expose
   consumers to a frightening concentration of information
   sources.
   Mr. Hollings, with the help of key Republicans like Senator
   Larry Pressler, fixed most of these flaws. His draft bill
   would hold up entry of local phone companies into
   long-distance service until the Federal Communications
   Commission says O.K. after giving weight to an antitrust
   review by the Justice Department. The bill leaves it up to
   the F.C.C. to set reasonable guidelines for mergers. It
   would put off deregulation of most cable rates for three
   years -- enough time for phone and satellite services to
   take on cable operators.
   The one serious error is a prohibition against transmission
   of allegedly indecent materials over the Internet -- the
   network of millions of on-line computer subscribers around
   the world. The indecency standard is probably
   unconstitutionally vague and restrictive. The standard is
   also unnecessary. The law already forbids sending obscene
   materials by computer. To protect children, parents can buy
   easy-to-use programs that block indecent materials from any
   source. The draft bill threatens to trigger further
   Government control of electronic communication -- which has
   blossomed so far precisely because Government has stayed on
   the sidelines. Fortunately, Republican leaders like Speaker
   Newt Gingrich are troubled by the indecency standard. There
   is a good opportunity to knock the provision out before
   Congress takes a vote.
   Some Republicans, miffed when Vice President Al Gore
   declared the draft an Administration victory, threatened to
   withhold support. But telecommunications, the heart of a
   high-tech economy, is too important for small-minded
   sparring. Congress should take up the draft bill, remove
   the indecency provision and put Mr. Holling's good deed
   into law.
   [The coccyx of a 12-26-95 WSJ eunucher]:
   First Amendment advocates, who have criticized the bill
   because it cracks down on Internet indecency and sets up a
   rating system and show-blocking circuitry against TV
   violence, got one small gift: The bill contains a provision
   for an expedited legal review of the constitutionality of
   those provisions. On the other hand, it also sets up a new
   law allowing 10-year prison terms for anyone who, using
   interstate phone calls, mail or other means, "persuades,
   induces, entices, or coerces" a minor to engage in any
   illegal sexual act.

@_date: 1995-12-28 20:45:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GEY_ser 
12-27-95. W$Jug:
   A test of superfast cable modems at Boston College prove
   addictive to speed freak faculty and students downloading
   junk data in seconds not minutes and hours, thus
   accelerating mind-rupture.
   And, an editorial red flags the telecom billions giveaway;
   nags Republicans to shut the geyser and not-reg the I-Way.
   GEY_ser

@_date: 1995-12-29 03:04:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DOP_lip 
12-27-95. WashP:
   The CIA's close-rankled directorate of operations aim to
   trashtalk Deutch out of depensioning the veteran Paris CoS
   for French economic spay of pigs.
   DOP_lip

@_date: 1995-12-29 05:15:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: VEL_cro 
12-28-95. NYPaper reports on Communications Security
   Establishment's spying on citizens and allies, citing Jane
   Shorten's unzips (earlier bared here).
   Deputy PM Sheila Copps velcros fig leaf, "If, in fact,
   there has been illegal activity going on, we'll want to
   deal with that in as public a way as possible."
   VEL_cro

@_date: 1995-12-29 23:06:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CAV_ein 
12-29-95. NYPaper: John Markoff page-ones Compuserve's
   cave-in to Reich sex law and the alt free-screeching for
   sex home censorship cave-in to rutting parents ashamed.
   CAV_ein

@_date: 1995-12-30 09:01:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CHU_chu   Search Engines, Branded Communities 
12-29-95. FinTimes:
   "Engine of the superhighway" muses on search engines and    branded communities, and how their convergence will    barb-wire lecher Tio Web from wild-legger Tia Juana.
   CHU_chu

@_date: 1995-12-31 03:09:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PLA_gue  Germ Terrorism 
12-30-95. To update the list of terrorist threats, the Wash
   Post reports on the purchase in May of bubonic plague germs    by "white supremacist" Larry Wayne Harris, his bust by the    FBI and germ teams, prosecutors amazement that possession    of such deadly micro-organisms is not illegal, and the    consequent plea bargain of wire fraud with probation.
   The article explains that possession of "terrorist" mites
   is not prohibited due to a legal loophole which allows
   scientific trade in wee supremacists. There are calls for    outlawing the meat-eaters by closing the gap in the    anti-terrorism bill before Congress. But scientists say    how dare you spit in our nanodeath soup.
   It notes that offshore spread is Commerce regulated.
   BTW, why this story now about summer events? For the
   anti-terrorist bill, TLA-plague growth, any germ any?
   PLA_gue

@_date: 1995-12-31 06:49:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 1OV_ert  Net Tap 1 
12-30-95. NYP:
   Aided by the first court-approved Net wiretap, via
   Compuservile, three people have been jailed for an
   international plot to sell cel-tel cheaters.
   1OV_ert

@_date: 1995-12-31 07:18:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SEY_use 
12-31-95. WashP:
   Emulating US founding outlaws, the Seychelles government
   has enacted an investment law described by transatlantic
   neo-imperialists as a "Welcome, Criminals" act. The law
   offers anyone who invests $10 million or more in Seychelles
   -- no questions asked as to the source -- protection from
   extradition, from seizure of assets and to other
   "concessions and incentives commensurate with the
   investment." Neo-imps say this is "an open invitation to
   money launderers and other international criminals to set
   up shop with impunity." Under the statute the Seychelles
   government could grant diplomatic passports and other
   protections as a shield from thermonuclear pornography.
   SEY_use

@_date: 1995-02-03 13:12:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Jihad 
The New York Times
   February 3, 1995, p. A19
   [Column] On My Mind
   A. M. Rosenthal
   Jihad in America
   The Clinton Administration has come to two major
   conclusions about terrorism in America, and from America.
   The first is that the United States is becoming a
   national safe haven for terrorists from the Middle East:
   a combination bank, fund-raiser, militarist training
   ground, recruitment center, political academy and
   embarkation dock.
   Second conclusion: Do something. So one recent night,
   instructions from Washington went out to banks nationwide
   to freeze the funds of the various Hamas Hezbollah and
   Islamic Jihad units, and their clones, operating from the
   East Coast to Texas and California. Mr. Clinton did that
   by Presidential order.
   Now the Administration is asking Congress to pass new
   anti-terrorist legislation. It would enable the
   Government to trace funds to and from the
   terrorist-supporting groups, tighten the definition of
   terrorism, enlarge the powers of Federal attorneys to
   deal with it and make it illegal to plan or train for
   terrorism abroad as well as in the U.S.
   The draft legislation is called the Omnibus
   Counterterrorism Act of 1995. It was drawn up by the
   Department of Justice on Presidential order and will be
   introduced in Congress in a matter of days.
   For Americans who have been warning about terrorism
   operating in and out of America, the time to relax has
   hardly arrived. We will see how effective it is in ending
   the contribution to terrorism of American laws and
   American inattention.
   But the fact is that the Clinton Administration has begun
   to pay more attention to the growth of terrorist
   organizations here than its predecessors have. And in
   parts of the government intelligence machinery, the
   assessment of the danger of terrorism originating in
   America is strong enough to surprise even anti-terrorism
   alarm ringers like myself.
   In large part, the awakening can be credited to the
   terrorists themselves. Even for America, blowing up the
   World Trade Center was a little thick.
   But the next time you get all worked up about the
   dastardly press, do remember that in the matter of
   terrorism, as so many others, it was an American
   journalist whose skill, determination and risk-taking
   (physical and professional) helped shake government
   awake.
   On Nov. 21, 1994, PBS presented "Jihad in America." The
   documentary laid it all out on film -- the meetings in
   American cities where the cry of holy war went up against
   America, Christians, Jews and Muslims who would not
   surrender to fundamentalism; the training; the visits to
   American units by Middle Eastern leaders of Hamas and
   Islamic Jihad, and the fund-raising structure that
   supported terrorism.
   The executive producer was Steven Emerson, an
   investigator of terrorism who has turned out a strong
   body of work in film, books and print journalism. Among
   government officials I talked to, credit for Mr. Emerson
   was not only acknowledged but volunteered.
   Democracy often has a tough time defending itself because
   it has to operate step by step, inch by inch, under the
   law. Yes, of course, that is democracy's blessing and
   strength.
   But nothing says a democracy has to watch the bombers
   come racing in their trucks and pretend they are
   bicyclists out for a ride in the park. Laurie Mylroie,
   the U.S. expert on Iraq who wrote a fine best seller on
   Saddam Hussein with Judith Miller, has written another
   book, focusing on the question of an Iraqi role in the
   bombing. It deserves to be published wide and soon.
   The Emerson documentary brought protests from American
   Muslim groups. So will the new legislation. Immediately,
   non-Muslims nod sypathetically and think, well, it's
   understandable Muslims will be upset. I almost did
   myself. But why? Christians are not expected to complain
   about denunciation of Christian Fascists. Jews around the
   world led the protests of the massacre at the mosque in
   Hebron and Jews generally did not protest the President's
   freezing of funds of two extremist Jewish groups.
   The assumption that all Muslims must be angry at action
   against Muslim terrorists strengthens the killers. It
   demeans the intelligence of all Muslims. And, as for the
   hundreds of thousands of Muslim victims who died under
   Muslim state tyranny or Muslim state-supported terrorism,
   it spits on their graves.
   END

@_date: 1995-02-05 07:05:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Tera and UUNet 
John Markoff writes today on Tera Computer's supercomputer For email copy (13k) send blank message to  with subject:  TER_nup
And, Laurie Flynn writes on UUNet's tender tap by Microsoft.
For copy (13k), same, with subject:  UUN_zzz

@_date: 1995-02-07 09:58:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CIAC Bulletin F-10:  HP-UX Remote Watch 
[Reformated for mailing by .]
   Sender: ciac-bulletin at cheetah.llnl.gov
   Subject: CIAC Bulletin F-10: HP-UX Remote Watch
       _____________________________________________________
                   The U.S. Department of Energy
               Computer Incident Advisory Capability
                     ___  __ __    _     ___
                    /       |     /_\   /
                    \___  __|__  /   \  \___
       _____________________________________________________
                       INFORMATION BULLETIN
                        HP-UX Remote Watch
   February 6, 1995 1200 PST                     Number F-10
   _________________________________________________________
   PROBLEM:       Security vulnerabilities in HP-UX Remote
                  Watch can be used to increase access
                  privileges of users.
   PLATFORMS:     HP 9000 series 300/400s and 700/800s, for
                  HP-UX versions 8.x and 9.x
   DAMAGE:        User can increase their access privileges.
   SOLUTION:      Apply appropriate vendor patch as described
                  below.
   _________________________________________________________
   VULNERABILITY
   ASSESSMENT:    The security vulnerability in HP-UX Remote
                  Watch can be used to increase a user's
                  access privileges which may result in
                  system compromise.  CIAC urges affected
                  sites to install install the appropriate
                  secuirty patch as soon as possible.
   _________________________________________________________
        Critical Information about HP-UX Remote Watch
   CIAC has obtained information from Hewlett Packard
   regarding a new security vulnerability in Remote Watch
   contained in the WATCH-RUN fileset for releases of HP-UX.    Appendix I provides detailed patch information for the HP
   Remote Watch vulnerability.
   The document /pub/ciac/bulletin/f-fy95/hppatchs.txt has
   been updated to reflect this bulletin.  The hppatchs.txt
   document contains the entire list of all HP Bulletins and
   patches and is available on our FTP server ciac.llnl.gov.
   HP has an automatic server to allow patches and other
   security information to be retrieved over the Internet.  To
   utilize this server, send an e-mail message to
   support at support.mayfield.hp.com.  The subject line of the
   message is ignored and the body (text) of the message
   should contain the words
   send XXXX
   where XXXX is the identifier for the information you want
   retrieved.  For example, to retrieve the patch PHSS_4834,
   the message would be "send PHSS_4834".
   Other information that can be retrieved include the HP
   SupportLine mail service user's guide (send guide.txt), the
   readme file for a patch and the original HP bulletin (send
   doc HPSBUX9501-020).
   HP also has a World Wide Web server to browse and retrieve
   bulletins and patches.  To utilize this server, use a WWW
   client and connect to    IMPORTANT NOTE: Hewlett Packard updates patches
   periodically.  These updates are not reflected in the text
   of each HP bulletin.  The overview presented here contains
   current information on the patches available at the time of
   the release of this CIAC bulletin.  If you request an
   updated patch, when you try to retrieve the patch you will
   receive a message stating that the patch is obsolete and
   the name of the patch which supersedes it.
   Hewlett Packard has made sum and MD5 checksums available
   for their patches and for their security bulletins.  See
   the detailed explanation for HPSBUX9408-016 in CIAC
   bulletin F-02 for information on how to access and utilize
   these checksums.
   _________________________________________________________
   CIAC wishes to thank Hewlett Packard for the information
   contained in this bulletin.
   _________________________________________________________
   CIAC is the computer security incident response team for
   the U.S. Department of Energy.  Services are available free
   of charge to DOE and DOE contractors.
   DOE and DOE contractor sites can contact CIAC at:
        Voice:   510-422-8193
        FAX:     510-423-8002
        STU-III: 510-423-2604
        E-mail:  ciac at llnl.gov
   Previous CIAC notices, anti-virus software, and other
   information are available on the Internet via anonymous FTP
   from ciac.llnl.gov (IP address 128.115.19.53).
   CIAC has several self-subscribing mailing lists for
   electronic publications:
   1.   CIAC-BULLETIN for Advisories, highest priority - time
        critical information, and Bulletins, important
        computer security information;
   2.   CIAC-NOTES for Notes, a collection of computer
        security articles;
   3.   SPI-ANNOUNCE for official news about Security Profile
        Inspector (SPI) software updates, new features,
        distribution and availability;
   4.   SPI-NOTES, for discussion of problems and solutions
        regarding the use of SPI products.
   Our mailing lists are managed by a public domain software
   package called ListProcessor, which ignores E-mail header
   subject lines. To subscribe (add yourself) to one of our
   mailing lists, send requests of the following form:
   subscribe list-name LastName, FirstName PhoneNumber
   as the E-mail message body, substituting CIAC-BULLETIN,
   CIAC-NOTES, SPI-ANNOUNCE or SPI-NOTES for "list-name" and
   valid information for "LastName" "FirstName" and
   "PhoneNumber."  Send to: ciac-listproc at llnl.gov not to:
   ciac at llnl.gov
   e.g.,
   subscribe ciac-notes O'Hara, Scarlett 404-555-1212 x36
   subscribe ciac-bulletin O'Hara, Scarlett 404-555-1212 x36
   You will receive an acknowledgment containing address and
   initial PIN, and information on how to change either of
   them, cancel your subscription, or get help.
   _________________________________________________________
   PLEASE NOTE: Many users outside of the DOE and ESnet
   computing communities receive CIAC bulletins. If you are
   not part of these communities, please contact your agency's
   response team to report incidents. Your agency's team will
   coordinate with CIAC. The Forum of Incident Response and
   Security Teams (FIRST) is a world-wide organization. A list
   of FIRST member organizations and their constituencies can
   be obtained by sending E-mail to first-request at first.org
   with an empty subject line and a message body containing
   the line: send first-contacts.
   This document was prepared as an account of work sponsored
   by an agency of the United States Government. Neither the
   United States Government nor the University of California
   nor any of their employees, makes any warranty, expressed
   or implied, or assumes any legal liability or
   responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or
   usefulness of any information, product, or process
   disclosed, or represents that its use would not infringe
   privately owned rights. Reference herein to any specific
   commercial products, process, or service by trade name,
   trademark manufacturer, or otherwise, does not necessarily
   constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or
   favoring by the United States Government or the University
   of California. The views and opinions of authors expressed
   herein do not necessarily state or reflect those of the
   United States Government nor the University of California,
   and shall not be used for advertising or product
   endorsement purposes.
   _________________________________________________________
        Appendix I:  Details of HP-UX Remote Watch Bulletin
   HPSBUX9510-020: HP-UX Remote Watch dated January 31, 1995
   This vulnerability can allow users to increase their access
   privileges which may result in system compromise.  All HP
   300/400 and 700/800 series machines running HP-UX 8.x or
   9.x which have Remote Watch installed are affected.
   The patch to install depends on which operating system
   version and machine series you are currently using.  Use
   the following table to determine which patch to retrieve
   and install:
   Operating System      Series    Apply patch
   HP-UX 8.x             800       PHSS_5185
   HP-UX 9.x             800       PHSS_5136
   HP-UX 8.x             700       PHSS_5180
   HP-UX 9.x             700       PHSS_5107
   HP-UX 8.x             300/400   PHSS_5168
   HP-UX 9.x             300/400   PHSS_5120
   Obtain necessary patches, and install per the installation
   instructions included with the patches.
   After the patch is installed, be sure to examine
   /tmp/update.log for any relevant WARNINGs or ERRORs.  This
   can be done by typing "tail -60 /tmp/update.log | more",
   then paging through the screens via the space bar, looking
   for WARNING or ERROR messages.
   [END]

@_date: 1995-02-09 10:02:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on HR666 
Katherine Seelye writes on Page One today about House passage of the new Search and Seizure bill.
It covers a parallel revision of appeals of the death penalty.  And notes on abusive BATF.
For email copy send blank message to  with subject:   666_zap

@_date: 1995-02-10 09:43:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PSI Gulps Pipeline 
Forwarding mail by: gleick at pipeline.com (James Gleick) on Fri, 10 Feb  0:12 AM
Dear Pipeliners,
I'm pleased to be able to tell you that the Pipeline has become part of  a larger enterprise: Performance Systems International (PSINet), the  nation's leading Internet access provider.
That means two things immediately. First, PSINet has a state-of-the-art dialup network in many cities  across the nation, and these will shortly be available to our users at  a cost much less than our current out-of-town SprintNet surcharges.
Second, PSINet plans to use our Internaut software as the basis for a  national service--not to replace the New York-based Pipeline but to  provide an alternative for out-of-towners who don't especially care  about New York information and services.
PSINet is a company a lot like ours--small (though not so small  anymore), enthusiastic, fast-moving, and steeped in Internet history.  The people there care about the Internet as an environment worth  preserving even as it grows so explosively.  And they admire what we've  accomplished here at the Pipeline in forming a model online service.
That's enough for now--there will be more information following along  behind, but I wanted you to hear it here first.  As for me--this isn't  goodbye, exactly, but I have gotten a little behind on a book I was  supposed to be writing . . .
I am deeply grateful to all of you--staff and customers--for making  the Pipeline what it is and for letting me get to know you a little bit.
James Gleick
The Pipeline

@_date: 1995-02-11 06:36:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Cybertheft and Sex Writer 
Ralph Blumenthal writes on NYC conference on "cyberthieves" of ideas and intellectual property.
For email copy send blank message to  with subject:  TEF_ida
Peter Lewis writes on the U Mich student arrested for posting fictional rough sex story.
For email copy, same, with subject:  RIT_xxx
Also, for the famished, these not very fresh tomatoes:
Negroponte writes OpEd piece supporting Newt's idea for a laptop in every cave, arguing that it will help with international economic competition, especially against those countries with the youngest population.  NEG_poo
Peter Lewis writes on PSI's buy of Pipeline.  PSI_pip

@_date: 1995-02-12 15:07:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Clinton's No Warrant decree, and insulting dogs 
Responding to msg by rishab at dxm.ernet.in () on Mon, 13 Feb  1:26 AM
The NY Times report today on the near miss of "terrorist mastermind" Yousef in Manila after a kitchen blaze of cooking-up explosives, says that he was seen walking rapidly away talking on a cellular phone.
Allegedly left behind on a laptop was a disk "filled with details of his plots to kill Pope John Paul II, and to blow up American jets flying in the Far East."
Twenty (20) FBI agents were sent to pick him up in Islamabad, Pakistan for safe home in the New York.
A concerned citizen may ask:
What was picked up from the phone, or will be affidavited to have been picked up.
What was on the disk, or will be solemnly sworn to have been found on the disk.
And, finally, what armament and intergalatic technology accompanied the SWAT team -- over and back, to provide full cloak and security on land, sea and air?  And, with that show as spoof, how was he really imported?  How many other fake transports were set in motion?
When will we learn more of the lurid Clancy-juicy details of this black-op budget-busting crowd-pleaser?
Is this a laptop dog and pony?  No offense to Fifi and Holy Bull and Apple.

@_date: 1995-01-02 10:26:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: (Fwd) Re Anonymous posting 
For those interested in the anonymity issue there is a lively debate on list Cyberia-L (a legal list) which was stimulated, in part, by Peter Lewis's articles on anonymity and the LaMacchia case dismissal.
For participation send message to:
     listserv at listserv.cc.wm.edu
     subscribe cyberia-l Your name
Provocatively, I forward the following:
Forwarding mail by: jsilverm at reach.com (Jared Silverman -- NJ Bureau of Sec. - Newark) on Mon, 2 Jan 11:58 AM
It is one thing to claim First Amendment protection to shield  political speech, IMHO it is another to shield fraud and criminal  behavior.
Besides the First Amendment runs against the government, not in  favor of individuals in actions brought by private parties.  In  the sexism thread, would anyone claim that an individual has the  right to harass or stalk a person under the guise of the First  Amendment?  Would the First Amendment be a defense in a defamation  suit?  Of course not (Times v. Sullivan aside).  Doesn't an  individual have the right to know the identity of someone who is  trying to communicate with him/her on a private basis?  To a  certain extent, the question was crystallized in the caller ID  debate -- Who has the superior right, the calling party to anonymity or the called party to knowing who is calling?
One of the areas of my professional concern is the use of  cyberspace for securities fraud and manipulation.  Cyberspace is  an ideal medium for these activities because of the availability  of anonymity and pseudonymity.  Even on commercial BBSs, where  "member lists" are available, posting to these lists is voluntary  and those who draw my attention are rarely on these lists.  Does  all of cyberspace become off limits to conventional private rights  and law enforcement under the rubric of "freedom of speech and  assembly?"
A. Jared Silverman, Chief-New Jersey Bureau of Securities     (fax)|      My purpose holds to sail beyond the sunset - Tennyson     The foregoing is the personal opinion of the sender and is not|  |the official position of either the Bureau of Securities or   |  |the New Jersey Attorney General and the Department of Law and |  |Public Safety.  Affiliation given for identification only.    |

@_date: 1995-01-03 09:55:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on MEMS 
Malcolm Browne has longish article today on MEMS and current mathematical and engineering research on their use to control turbulence -- in planes, ships, submarines, blood, water, For email copy send blank message with subject:  MEM_tug

@_date: 1995-01-05 07:05:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on $GIF 
Peter Lewis writes today on Compuserve and Unisys grub for royalties on GIF.
Perry has noted its sty, java-eyely.
For email copy send blank message with subject:  GIF_nip

@_date: 1995-01-07 07:58:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Survivalists 
Philip Weiss writes in tomorrow's Magazine a very long (52K) cover story on Idaho survivalists Bo Gritz, Randy Weaver and the burgeoning anti-government population.  The longest story I've seen in there in years.
Mentions societal threats of cashless economy, tax nix, and more c'punk tonics.
Is The Times getting antsy, seeding a L&O crackdown?  Or huffing luridities?
See for yerself by sending blank message with subject:  SUR_huf

@_date: 1995-01-11 14:41:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Internet World on Net Security 
The entire issue of Internet World of February, 1995, is about Internet
security, digital cash, encryption, firewalls and more.  Here's the
contents:    Internet World    February, 1995    Volume 6 Number 2    Contents    BETTER SAFE    Danger lurks on the Info Highway. You must take precautions    to reduce your risk.    By Dave Taylor and Rosalind Resnick    GETTING CRYPTIC    Phil Zimmermann's PGP gives you powerful encryption to keep    your messages safe from prying eyes. Read all about it.    By William Stallings    SECURING THE ENTERPRISE    Connecting your corporation to the Internet can be a    security nightmare. Firewalls are the main line of defense.    By Alton Hoover     BEYOND THE FIREWALL    The latest firewall technology not only detects intruders,    but strikes back.    By Winn Schwartau    CASHING IN    As Internet commerce expands, a host of companies are vying    to establish their systems as the basis for cyberbanking    and credit-card transactions.    By Lisa Morgan    BUSINESS BROWSER    New versions of Mosaic with built-in encryption promise to    keep your transactions safe.    By Richard W. Wiggins    UNLAWFUL ENTRY    Crackers can feast on your data if you fail to plug your    leaky Unix system.    By Aaron Weiss    IT'S ALIVE!    Although the furor has subsided, reports of Clipper's death    are greatly exaggerated. The government's controversial    eavesdropping effort lives on.    By Steven Vaughan-Nichols    BUILDING TRUST    The chief executives of Trusted Information Systems - Steve    Crocker and Steve Walker - talk about encryption,    CyberCash, Clipper, and more.    By Jeff Ubois    ------    On another topic, Mike Godwin's column, Law of the Net,    deals with "Free Speech vs. Sex Discrimination Online."

@_date: 1995-01-11 14:44:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Mastercard Online 
The New York Times    January 10, 1995, D2.    Mastercard to Develop On-Line Standard    By Saul Hansell    Joining a stampede of companies that hope to profit from    shopping on computer networks, Mastercard International    said yesterday that it would develop standards for its    cards to be used on the Internet.    Mastercard, an association of banks that is based in New    York, said it would use the technology developed by the    Netscape Communications Corporation of Mountain View,    Calif., a specialist in software for the Internet, the    global web of computer networks.    The Internet allows a company to make information on its    products available to millions of computer users around the    world. Increasingly, companies would like to consummate    sales using the Internet as well, but the open nature of    the network may allow credit card numbers to be stolen.    "The problem with the Internet is there is no privacy and    no security," said Edward J. Hogan, a senior vice president    of Mastercard.    The Mastercard plan is one of several attempts to translate    credit card numbers into a code before they are sent to    merchants selling goods over the network and then on to the    credit card companies.    Visa International has said it will develop its own    encryption system with the Microsoft Corporation. Microsoft    has hinted that it may charge a fee for every transaction    using its system, though the details have not been    announced. Netscape and Mastercard say their transaction    standards will be openly published and free for other    companies to use.    Netscape's main business is selling software that allows    companies to publish information on the Internet. To expand    the market, it gives away or sells for a very small fee    software that allows people to view nformation on the    Internet.    The company has already included a component to encrypt    credit card numbers with its current version. The first    merchants to allow purchases using that feature will be    part of an electronic shopping service to be introduced by    the MCI Communications Corporation later this month.    The initial Netscape credit card system allows customers to    use any brand of card. It did not involve the cooperation    of credit card companies, but rather used existing rules    that related to mail and telephone card orders.    The agreement with Mastercard will for the first time allow    purchases on the Internet with automatic teller machine or    debit cards, which withdraw money from checking accounts.    Mastercard will likely agree to absorb the losses from    fraud on the system. Under the existing Netscape system,    merchants selling goods are liable if fraudulent card    numbers are used, as are companies that sell goods by mail    or telephone.    The debit card access and the fraud guarantee are expected    to be available by the fall.    End

@_date: 1995-01-11 15:03:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cybersmut 
New York Post, January 9, 1995    Front Page, pp. 8, 9. Four articles.    A Post Investigation    Computer Sickos Target Your Kids    Child-porn perverts roam info-highway    Furor Over Cybersmut    Molesters With a Modem    Kiddie-sex perverts using computers to lure victims    By Lou Lumenick and Kieran Crowley    City cops are about to start patrolling the information    superhighway to hunt down child pornographers and    pedophiles who are luring kids through high-tech computer    bulletin boards, The Post has learned.    "The bulletin boards are a total haven for pedophiles,"    said Sgt. Richard Perrine, who's forming a new computer    investigation unit.    There are no names and faces, and a 33-year-old man can    pass himself off as a 10-year-old kid." Perrine said the    new unit, in the NYPD's Organized Crime Control Bureau,    plans to include computer child-pornographers and    pedophiles among its targets.    "We haven't really solidified our strategy yet," he told    The Post.    "This is something that's so new, law enforcement is not    quite ready for it."    Law-enforcement officials say pedophiles are lurking on the    nation's three major on-line services, America Online    Prodigy and Compuserve where kiddie-sex perverts are using computers    to lure victims -- as well as on the worldwide Internet,    smaller online services, and locally-operated computer    bulletin boards.    On-line services are an easy way for pedophiles to meet    children anonymously, noted Dyanne Greer, a senior lawyer    with the National Center for the Prosecution of Child    Abuse.    "Many cases are not reported, so I'm not sure anybody is    really aware how much this is going on," she said.    A Post probe uncovered these on-line horror stories:       Westchester computer expert George Telesha pretended to be       a 14-year-old girl on America Online and was quickly       besieged by perverts sending dirty pictures.       A Manhattan computer expert allegedly got a 13-year-old New       Jersey boy he met on-line to go skating with him.       Cops said the man lured the youth into the woods near the       boy's home and sexually abused him six times between last       July and September.       An unemployed Brooklyn computer programmer tried to       sodomize a Nevada teen-ager he met on a computer bulletin       board.       A 27-year-old computer engineer in Cupertino, Calif.,       allegedly met a 14-year-old boy through America Online.       He is charged with handcuffing, shackling and blindfolding       the boy and then taking him to his apartment, where he       whipped him with a belt, shaved his pubic hair and had sex       with him.       California man sent pornographic photos via computer to a       teen-ager, then sought to have the teen killed to silence       him.    Such crimes are not easy to investigate or prosecute,    officials note.    "It's a bigger problem than most people realize," said Mike    Brick, director of the Orlando bureau of the Florida State    Office of Law Enforcement.    "There's a lot of people out there who want to have sex    with children. If they hang out at a real playground, a    teacher or someone might see them. In the computer    playground they can more or less hide in the bushes."    A handful of agencies have staffers pose as youngsters to    solicit dirty pictures and come-ons, but many don't have    the manpower, equipment or inclination to do so on a    regular basis.    And even if they did, experts say there's probably no way    to completely stop on-line perverts -- who constitute a    tiny fraction of overall on-line communicators -- short of    shutting down the services.    And that is not only unlikely, but would rob children and    others of a valuable educational resource.    The services say they're concerned -- but in no position to    play the role of police.    AOL spokeswoman Pam McGraw said computer-privacy laws keep    her company's hands tied when it comes to the    person-to-person type of communication in which porn can be    exchanged in electronic "private chat rooms."    "Federal law prevents us from monitoring E-mail," McGraw    said. "We do our best to prevent misuse of our service."    She urged AOL customers to report offensive communications    -- which are prohibited under company rules -- so the    company can warn offenders or eject them from the system.    Law-enforcement officials say on-line companies are quick    to cut off perverts and help track down and prosecute    pedophiles and pornographers.    But the crimes still flourish because computers make life    simpler for the perverts.    Pedophiles can easily pretend to be a child online, or even    someone of the opposite sex, to help draw a child into a    trap. And they can elude detection by using false names and    post office boxes.    "Offenders can say they're other kids, then arrange for    face-to-face meetings," Greer said. "It's pretty scary when    you find out you're dealing with a 47-year-old man instead    of the 14-year-old you expected."    Greer said some pedophiles have convinced children to pose    for pornographic pictures. The pedophiles then trade the    pictures with other perverts, or use the pictures to draw    in other kids "and break down their inhibitions," she said.    End Article 1    Article 2    Photo:    CREEP CATCHERS: Special agent Mike Brick (white shirt) of    the Florida state police and another agent track a    pedophile on the computer.    How to protect your children    Steps parents can take to stop on-line pedophiles    By Lou Lumenick    Parents must take the offensive to protect their children    from on-line perverts, experts say.    "You wouldn't let a young child hang out in a playground or    mall alone, so don't let them hang out in the computer    playground by themselves," said Mike Brick of the Florida    Department of Law Enforcement. "You need to exercise the    same caution."    So what can a parent do? First of all, experts say talk    with someone at your on-line system -- whether it's America    Online, Prodigy, Compuserve, Genie Delphi or one of the    others.    All of them allow users to limit access by children.    Subscribers to America Online, for instance, can bar their    children from the private "chat rooms," where the more    sexually explicit conversations take place.    Most services will also allow you to disable one-on-one    conversations when your child logs on.    Then talk with your children.    Rule No. 1 is that they must never ever give their real    name, address or telephone number to anyone on-line.    Rule No. 2 is that they must never ever agree to meet with    anyone they encounter on-line -- even if he says he's a kid    the same age who lives across the street. He could very    well be an adult willing to travel hundreds of miles for a    sexual encounter.    Beyond that, it's a matter of parental vigilance.    "Make the kids teach you how to use the computer," said    Dyanne Greer, a senior lawyer with the National Center for    the Prosecution of Child Abuse.    "Many parents take the attitude, 'Gee, my kids are learning    a skill.' That's very true, but you can't be left behind or    you won't know what's going on.    Many experts recommend moving the computer out of the kids'    bedroom into a more central place -- like the living room    -- so parents can keep a closer eye on things.    "If your kid wants to put the computer in his bedroom    closet, I would be very nervous," Brick said.    "If you find your children spending a lot of time on the    service, you need to pay attention. "If every time you walk    into the room, the screen goes dark, check it out. It could    be the modern equivalent of kids under the cover with a    flashlight reading Uncle Harry's Playboy magazine. Or    worse."    Brick said telltale signs of porn being downloaded include:    "If you have a 100-megabyte drive and it's always full and    the kids are demanding more memory. Photos can take a lot    of memory. "    "If you find floppy disks hidden around the house."    "If you need help playing them or figuring out whether    there's a problem, go to your local police department. Most    will be happy to help."    End Article 2    Article 3    Chilling messages made dad take action    By Kieran Crowley    George Telesha couldn't believe his ears. Or his modem.    Telesha, 46, a bank computer specialist and president of    the Westchester chapter of the Fathers Rights Association,    heard from several dads that their kids were accessing porn    on their home computers.    So he decided to take a walk on the wild side -- on the    information superhighway.    Telesha, the father of two, pretended to be a 14-year-old    girl named "Suzy" on an America Online computer bulletin    board.    He said he was besieged with perverts who sent dirty    pictures.    Telesha said several men sent "Suzy" porno pictures, tried    to get her address and phone number -- and tried to lure    her out of her home.    "Can I come up to New York?" one out-of-state man said.    "Can I meet you? You don't have to tell your parents."    When "Suzy" mentioned her parents were not home, another    man became very insistent, Telesha said.    "I live in New York. Can I come over? I'll take you    shopping," the man messaged "Suzy" in trying to set up a    date at a local mall.    One man said he lived in New Jersey and invited "Suzy" over    for a photo session.    Telesha said his most disturbing exchange was with a man    who sent child sex pictures.    "Do you have any more of these?" Telesha asked.    "Usually, it's just one session," the man typed back.    "That sent chills through me," said Telesha, fearing the    photographed children may have been harmed.    "It's mind-boggling. I haven't slept in a week. What    happened to the children in these pictures? What is going    to happen to them?"    One AOL subscriber even offered hints on how to pick up    young girls and take pornographic pictures of them Telesha    said.    "I think people ought to know what's going on. I just want    to see it stopped," he said.    End Article 3    [Article 4 reports on exchanges between Telesha    masquerading as three different girls and AOL subscribers.     Too disgusting to post.  Censorship imposed for lurking    kiddies.]

@_date: 1995-01-13 12:47:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on MS Online Latest 
Peter Lewis writes today on latest MS Network online mighty joes, palming
Uunet for hi-speed hookup and Mosaic and Spyglass for joetoe-jam
web-peddling. See it by sending blank message with subject:  NEB_wet

@_date: 1995-01-14 07:01:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Phiber Optik 
There's an article today on Phiber's return to indecency, a recap of MOD
and celebratory party, with digs by unnabbed hiway-weebs. For copy send blank message with subject:  PHI_out

@_date: 1995-01-16 14:30:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US News on Policing Cyberspace 
US News of January 23 has a cover story on "policing cybersapce", another
drumbeat about "the growing threats to your privacy and property in the
information age." Not much new for this group except to enjoy another Spielberg gremlin of
Jekyll and Hyde cryptography, fearful remailers, slippery digicash, stolen
services and personal data, smuggling, terrorism, child pornography,
Tennessee BBS, "cybercops" and such. Featuring the FBI's Kallstrom and Tafoya and FLETC and Financial Fraud
Institute and Clipper and protective wiretaps, with supporting roles for
Kevin Mitnick, Bruce Schneier, Mike Godwin, Marc Rotenberg, John Perry
Barlow, Esther Dyson, Robert Corn-Revere. And, a cartoon on how to teach parents fear of the Net for their children. Cypherpunk is not sited, I think, or is it steganoed?.

@_date: 1995-01-16 18:17:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Economist on EFF 
The Economist of January 14-20 washes EFF's dirty laundry. After recounting Berman's boot and EFF droop, the article concludes:  "That
leaves cyberspace's radical libertarians without a voice in Washington. They're probably delighted."

@_date: 1995-01-17 09:53:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Abuse and Remailer Ethics 
said: effort to  to  anonymous  being  Homer the  I agree that it's a bit much to expect the remailer operator to heroically
perform beyond what any of us would do in the same lonely spot under
duress. Tim has written recently on another list that the USG grabs enemies in
other domains when the national interests are at stake -- the 800-pounder
can define any of its actions legal, or to hell with legal niceties as the
Beast opts, the picky lawyers can sort it out later, or never. Does not Duncan and others have wisdom on this:  Don't roll over out of
ignorance and faint-heartedness, but do carefully protect your keister,
with feet-on-ground planning, mercury-technology and out-wits.  Watch for
signs of sneak attack through the guy being squeezed next door, or by a
cahoots-machine zipping psy-war toot-alarms to foster fearful quiescence. Some warning examples may be in the offing in the rising heat of dreaded
horse-threats to civil society.  If so, some will be arranged by
provocateurs like past G-guy tricks. So it goes.  So what.  Nesta said, it's fun to lance swollen infected
over-controlling heads.

@_date: 1995-01-18 07:30:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Prodigy Web and Checkfree Suit 
Peter Lewis writes today on Prodigy's new offering of World Wide Web
service. For email copy send blank message with subject:  PRO_www Saul Hansell writes today on Checkfree's new patent and suit against
National Payment Clearing House, a subsidiary of Intuit. For email copy send blank message with subject:  CHK_sue For twin use subject:  PRO_CHK

@_date: 1995-01-19 09:09:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WSJ on CIA Dump 
The Wall Street Journal    January 18, 1995, p. A14.    Get Smart -- Eliminate the CIA    By Angelo Codevilla    Over the past several years, U.S. intelligence agencies in    general and the CIA in particular have proved themselves    incompetent in peacetime and of little use in conflict.    Stripped of their mystique and lacking the capacity to    reform themselves, these organizations are virtually in    receivership.    The maladies ailing the intelligence community are    numerous. Independent quality control was never more than    a pretense, and competition among intelligence agencies was    nonexistent. Producers of intelligence -- rather than the    soldiers and diplomats who have to use it -- have also    become its judges. All this has spawned a complex of    habits, procedures, mentalities and people too entrenched    to be repaired and too noxious for any part to form the    nucleus of a new, healthy system. Hence, we should take    Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan's advice, and rethink our    intelligence from the ground up.    A good place to start is with the fact that about half of    the $28 billion U.S. intelligence budget pays for units    directly controlled by military commanders, which routinely    provide precise information for the armed forces'    operations close to the front lines. The Treasury and State    Departments also have their own intelligence units, which    fit their needs quite well. So why do we need a national    system headed by the CIA?    The original justification for the creation of the CIA in    1947 was that intelligence would be best if its gathering    and evaluation were divorced as much as possible from the    operating departments of government -- State, Defense, etc.    -- and placed under the president. This judgment has turned    out to be wrong. Because presidents have relied on the CIA    to run the system, the result has been a system dominated    by the priorities of the producers -- not the users -- of    intelligence.    A basic failing is that the CIA has primary responsibility    for intelligence and none at all for real world events. The    CIA prefers to place its career employees in U.S.    embassies, where they pretend to be employees of other    parts of the government. Such "case officers" must    acknowledge that they are gathering information for the    U.S. Another disadvantage is that they don't speak foreign    languages well.    And unlike successful reporters, they virtually never know    the substantive fields about which they are seeking    information. Thus it is unsurprising that they are usually    outdone in economic reporting by economic reporters, in    military reporting by military reporters, and so forth.    The Aldrich Ames case shows how much more highly the CIA    values the smooth functioning of its system than what the    system produces. Mr. Ames handed the KGB the capacity to    shape the intelligence flowing to top U.S. officials during    the endgame of the Cold War. Thus disinformation made    presidents and secretaries of state more vulnerable to    Gorbomania than the average citizen informed by newspaper    accounts.    How could the CIA fail to notice the fishiness of reports    generated by a network controlled by the other side? The    same way that, in the 1970s and 1980s, the agency had    failed to notice that it was passing along reports from a    network of agents in Cuba totally controlled by Castro's    DGI, and from a network in East Germany all but a few of    whose agents were working for the Stasi. In other words,    while the Ames case was unusually destructive, it was a    typical example of bureaucratic sclerosis.    In the Gulf War, intelligence worsened the farther one got    away from the front lines. The national system headed by    the CIA misperceived the nature of Saddam Hussein's regime,    failed to grasp the obvious signs of attack, and has yet to    learn Saddam's military and political reasoning. Our    imaging satellites failed to find mobile Scud launchers,    and our communications intelligence antennas failed to shed    light on the diplomatic intercourse between Saddam and the    Soviets. National analysts misjudged Iraq's nuclear    program, and were fooled by elementary camouflage. Gen. H.    Norman Schwarzkopf's public belittling of CIA-run    intelligence was matched by unprintable epithets from field    commanders.    What happened in the Gulf would have happened in any    conflict because the intelligence community's cameras and    antennas were conceived, and its people trained, on the    CIA's assumption that cooperative competition with the    Soviet Union would last forever and that the basic designs    of weapons would not change. Thus cameras, for example,    were optimized to take pictures of fixed installations    rather than to keep track of attacking military forces or    mobile missile launchers.    Long before the Soviet collapse, however, it had become    clear that the CIA made bad bets. The age of mobile    missiles arrived long ago, and modern weapons are  defined    by the software they contain rather than by observable    features. So what's the point of, for example, analyzing a    radar signal that a computer can change in an instant?    Divorce from operational responsibility also tends to make    the reports that flow to top officials less valuable than    the information used to compile them. (In any given    subject, the CIA delivers a consensus of the system's    several agencies. It takes far more time for a paper to go    through the interagency process than for someone to write    the paper. Considering the elementary errors and ignorance    that often come out, it is clear that the conferees do not    spend much time fact-checking. Intelligence analysts become    spin doctors, concerned not with facts but with pushing    policy makers in the direction of their parent agencies'    prejudices. Hence the ultimate irony: A system whose    ostensible reason for being was to eliminate from    intelligence the parochial interests of tank drivers,    diplomats, bomber pilots, etc. ended up aggregating the    prejudices of the analysts -- prejudices unrelieved by the    sobering prospect of having to carry out the policies they    are pushing for.    The CIA has maintained a monopoly on judging the quality of    the system's operations and products. It does not heed    presidents, much less their appointees. A decade ago, the    agency ignored President Reagan's executive order to    reorganize counterintelligence. Two decades ago, President    Ford, shocked by how far intelligence estimates were    diverging from reality, asked a group of distinguished    outsiders (the B team) to see whether the intelligence    community's data on Soviet nuclear forces could support    conclusions different from those of the insider analysts.    The B Team, despite resistance from the agency, came up    with results far superior to the insider A Team's.    A better intelligence system should be built on a model    radically different from the 1947 original. Each of the    major departments of the U.S. government (State, Defense,    etc.) should be responsible for gathering and evaluating    the information it needs to operate in the new world    disorder. Intelligence, in short, should be franchised out    to its consumers. There is reason to believe that the    departments would do better without the ClA's tutelage than    with it. In the past, the armed forces have asked to deploy    officers who speak foreign languages, who could blend in    with the local population, and who would be experts in the    military fields on which they were reporting. U.S. military    leaders have also clamored for satellites whose products    they could use. Each time, the CIA made sure such requests    were denied. If those requests had been granted, the    country would be better informed.    In all this there is a need for some central coordination.    The several agencies have to mesh their quest for agents    abroad, lest they stumble over each other. The information    that any part of the government collects must be available    to properly cleared people in all other parts, so that any    and all analysis can be based on all the facts.    Fortunately, maintaining a central registry nowadays    requires computers, rather than the bureaucratic monster    that arose a half century ago.    Finally the president of the United States' own    intelligence needs should be provided by his own staff.    Among its duties should be to make sure that all the    agencies get each others' estimates. The availability to    the president and other top decision makers of contrasting    estimates from through out the government would stimulate    better performance all around. So, while there is a role    for a central intelligence agency in a system based on    consumer sovereignty, there is none for the CIA.    Mr. Codevilla, a fellow at the Hoover Institution, is the    author of "Informing Statecraft" (Free Press, 1992).     End

@_date: 1995-01-19 09:13:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BYTE on PGP WoT 
William Stallings writes in the BYTE February issue on "The PGP Web of

@_date: 1995-01-20 06:52:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: T.A.Z. on Disk 
Another source is via Nesta Stubbs inspirational home page:       The NO address is referenced by Nesta, stylistically inimicably.

@_date: 1995-01-20 08:39:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Anarchy/Libertarians in WSJ 
Duncan aptly points to the WSJ article, lots of c'punk topics mentioned. For email copy send blank message with subject:  LIB_yep Meanwhile, here's a taste:    Mr. Willis says the libertarian concept has particular    appeal to people in the computer industry. "We have more    members in one computer company in Seattle than in some    whole counties, and that company is Microsoft," he says.    Indeed, when Mr. Frezza, the Philadelphia computer    consultant, last month launched a computer network of like-    minded thinkers called DigitaLiberty, he was so overwhelmed    with responses, especially from college students, that he    had to temporarily shut down the group's electronic    mailbox.    One member of DigitaLiberty is Bruce Fancher, a 23-year-old    who in the late 1980s earned brief notoriety as a hacker    who broke into computer systems, though he was never    charged with a crime. He is president of a computer    communications company called Phantom Access Technologies    Inc. "Being involved in computers or the Internet, you    inevitably move toward being a libertarian," he says. "It    is basically possible to keep all of your secrets from    prying eyes, particularly the prying eyes of the federal    government."

@_date: 1995-01-20 09:07:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IBM Contra Beltway 
Duncan or others may give a more elegant report on the Clipper debate here
in NYC last night. My pleasant surprise was to see the IBM rep, William Whitehurst, far
outpace the inside the beltway types, EFF's Daniel Weitzer, the White
House's Michael Nelson, FBI's Kallstrom and ex-NSA Stewart Baker, as well
as the local urbane handsome attorney-mathematician moderator, Albert
Wells, who baby-talked the suits through the arcana. Mr. Whitehurst showed more intelligence about crypto -- domestically,
politically, economically and politically -- than any of the others.  No
flash, no preening, just hard-nosed reports on what's happening, and what's
not, due to USG cupidity, with the international spread of the heinous
munition.  He said industry is impatiently waiting for the USG to cooperate
or get the fuck out of the way.  Well, not quite, but close. The others seemed entranced by the domestic political morass. Kallstrom recited the oft-riden horse-threats, some miscreant clapped, and
he said, "child pornographer".  All laughed or winced or stared in
pin-stripped disbelief at the disrespect shown. Mr. Weitzer recited that the crypto genie is out of the bottle.  Kallstrom
said over my dead body or something like that, glowering at the crowd. The dapper man in front of me pulled up his sock to show his ankle holster.
 Protecting the nation's chief protector against high-criminals.  I ran out
before getting plugged "accidently".

@_date: 1995-01-22 09:42:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Locksmith's Guild wants limit on free speech 
Commenting on Tim's comment about the decline of the guilds of "licensed
professionals" (I'm a licensed architect long-time arguing against the
breed's conceits and camouflages and irresponsibilities): Here in NYC there is a new trial policy to allow architects and engineers
to "self-certify" their construction documents as in compliance with the
building code rather than being approved by a municipal examiner. Over decades a sub-species has grown called "code consultants" or
"expediters", which advises and processes documents for A-E's who have
become ignorant of the arcana of the building code.  This group of several
hundred, has pretty muchly dominated, by default or by design, the
non-governmental side of construction through their specialized knowledge
of the code, procedures, interpretations, regulations and who to see for
favorable treatment in the Building Department. A-E's used these folks with happiness, usually, for it relieved the
self-certified high-minded animals to concentrate on the important stuff of
design and schmoozing and puffing feathers. On the municipal side, agency employees found that it was easier to deal
with these consultants than contrary professionals.  And, the culture
welcomed ex-public officials into their well-paid ranks to lubricate the
wheels. An odd result so far is that while owners and professionals like the idea
of speeding up the process they are reluctant to take on the concomitant
responsibility for deficiencies in meeting code standards in final
construction.  The city will inspect 20% to keep tabs. Both fear that they do not know the code well enough to take the risk of
being found at fault by random municipal inspections of construction. A-E's dread the liability and blame by owners for well-known construction
corner-cutting, and owners suspect their professionals competency and
ethics -- afraid that the pros will certify in ignorance or cupidity and
that the owners will face costly corrections without having the traditional
scapegoat of over-weening government to justify cheating in the field. The code consultants I've talked to say they wait for the animals
frightened of their own shadows to return to the safe stables.  Perhaps "code consultants" precurse the trajectory of cryptographers?

@_date: 1995-01-23 09:14:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Net Threat 
Toad is choking on a try 3 hours ago to send today's Markoff article on the
new Net security threat Brian and others noted. Nail-biters can get it by email (if this passes the gory hole). Send blank message with subject:  NEW_hak

@_date: 1995-01-23 13:20:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CIAC Advisory on Net Threat 
CIAC has issued its Advisory Notice F-08, dated today, 11:00 PST, on the
Net security threat described by Markoff, titled:      Internet Address Spoofing and Hijacked Session Attacks For those not subscribed to CIAC who want a copy: Send blank message with subject:  CIAC_f08 Anybody want to force me to post it to the list?  It's about 12K, including
subscription info for CIAC.  I really hate fire.  Silencio is gelt.

@_date: 1995-01-25 10:00:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on USG Threats 
The New York Times    January 25, 1995, p. A9.    [Excerpts]    Clinton Orders Assets of Suspected Terrorist Groups Frozen    By Douglas Jehl    Washington, Jan. 24 -- Seeking to underscore an American    commitment to the fight against terrorism, President    Clinton today issued an executive order intended to cut off    the flow of funds from United States citizens to    organizations suspected of terrorist activities in Israel    and other countries.    Mr. Clinton's directive orders American financial    institutions to search for and immediately freeze any    accounts held in the names of Hamas, Islamic Holy War and    10 other organizations, and 18 of their top leaders.    It also forbids financial transfers from the United States    to those groups and individuals and will seek to prevent    them from gaining access to donations made to charitable    causes in the Middle East.    Administration officials said it was too soon to know    whether any assets would be uncovered.    While today's announcement at the White House emerged from    an Administration review concluding that the United States    could do more to limit terrorists' access to money, aides    to Mr. Clinton acknowledged that the timing had been    largely dictated by the quest for a tough-worded    centerpiece to the State of the Union address.    The aides said Mr. Clinton intended to use the speech in    part to demonstrate his commitment to preserving foreign    policy gains in the Middle East against those who would    scuttle peace efforts.    Even if the groups identified today do not hold accounts in    their names, the officials said the directive could give    the Government more power to block and deter transfers to    them -- even when those are disguised as contributions to    charity.    "It is not foolprooof," a senior Administration official    said at a White House briefing this afternoon. "It is    capable of being circumvented through a variety of    strategems." But another official said the measures could    "essentially sever the lifeline that keeps these    organizations going."    ***    A statement issued by three major American Islamic    organizations warned that the initiative could "have a    negative impact on legitimate political expression by    American Muslims and others."    But advocates of the plan said it represented no more than    a first step, even though Administration officials said    they would need to see further evidence that charitable    contributions were being used to support terrorist    operations before the Government would seek to block    operations by Muslim and Islamic groups active in raising    money in the United States.    Administration officials say that much of that money is    used for legitimate purposes in building mosques, providing    food and milk and otherwise helping Palestinian communities    like the ones in Gaza and the occupied West Bank.    But State Department officials have said that millions of    dollars a year from the United States ends up in the hands    of militants in the Hamas organizatlon, whose total    spending is estlmated by Israeli officlals at $30 million    a year and they said a test of the initiative would be    whether it could cut back that flow.    For now, the names of groups and individuals whose assets    are to be frozen or blocked unaer Mr. Clinton's order reads    like a who's who list of organzations and people identified    as terrorists.    In addition to Hamas and Islamic Holy War, they include the    Palestine Liberation Front and its leader, Mohammed Abul    Abbas -- also known as Abu Abbas --  as well as the two    rival factions of the Popular Front for the Liberation of    Palestine.    The list also includes two militant Jewish organizations,    Kach and Kahane Chai, which were spawned by Rabbi Meir    Kahane and were outlawed by Israel early last year.    The authority that Mr. Clinton invoked today in blocking    the assets is provided to the President under the    International Emergency Economic Powers Act, which was used    by President Carter to freeze Iranian assets when Americans    were being held hostage in Teheran.    But the White House made clear that Mr. Clinton intended to    ask Congress soon for even more sweeping authority to curb    terrorism, including wider powers to use wiretapping and    swift deportation procedures against suspects.    ----------    End    The New York Times    January 25, 1995, p. B6.    Head of the F.B.I.In New York Resigns    After a year as the head of the Federal Bureau of    Investigation's New York office, William A. Gavin said    yesterday that he was leaving for an executive post with a    medical-care company.    Mr. Gavin, 53, said he would retire in March as a deputy    assistant F.B.I. director to join U.S. Healthcare, in Blue    Bell, Pa, one of the country's largest health maintenance    organizations. The F.B.I. has a mandatory retirement age of    57.    Last January, Louis J. Freeh, the F.B.I. director, named    Mr. Gavin to run the office at an annual salary of    $130,000. But he was not promoted to the title of assistant    director, the rank normally given to the agency's top    manager in New York, one of the agency's most prestigious    assignments.    An agent and supervisor for 27 years, Mr. Gavin was in    charge of the investigations that led to the convictions of    four men for the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center and    the indictments of 12 other men accused of plotting to blow    up the trade center and other New York Iandmarks. The 12    defendants are currently on trial in Federal District Court    in Manhattan.    Law-enforcement officials said yesterday that James    Kallstrom, a supervisory agent in New York, was considered    the most likely candidate to be chosen by Mr. Freeh to take    over the office. Mr. Kallstrom is now in charge of special    operations, the unit responsible for the surveillance and    the electronic monitoring of criminal suspects.    ----------    End

@_date: 1995-01-26 08:55:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on MOD 
The New York Times    January 26, 1995, p. C17    Books of the Times    Kids or Conspirators: How Hackers Got Caught    MASTERS OF DECEPTION     The Gang That Ruled Cyberspace    By Michelle Slatalla and Joshua Quittner     225 pages. HarperCollins Publishers. $23.    By Chirstopher Lehmann-Haupt    It's difficult to feel much besides amused admiration for    the computer hackers spotlighted in "Masters of Deception:    The Gang That Ruled Cyberspace," by Michelle Slatalla and    Joshua Quittner, a married couple who are reporters for    Newsday. After all, what mainly characterizes the gang of    adolescents they write about is high intelligence, infinite    resourcefulness and boundless curiosity.    Among the Masters of Deception, as the gang is called,    there is Paul Stira, nicknamed Scorpion, who as a child    learned to program a computer even before he had his hands    on one and went on to master the art of cracking    computer-game copy-protection codes. Mark Abene, a k a    Phiber Optik, was so driven to understand how machines work    that he explored and mastered the most sophisticated of the    telephone company's computers.    Eli Landopoulos, or Acid Phreak, after helping lure Phiber    Optik away from a rival cyberspace gang, Legion of Doom,    was moved to write "The History of MOD" for other hackers    to envy. And John Lee, or Corrupt, found computer hacking    a better way to survive than running with a street gang.    It is difficult for the reader of this book to look upon    these and other members of the gang as criminals. Yet they    were eventually charged by a New York grand jury with    conspiring to "gain access to and control of computer    systems in order to enhance their image and prestige among    computer hackers," among other counts. And they ended up    pleading guilty and serving jail terms, which they have    completed.    In telling their stories, Ms. Slatalla and Mr. Quittner    have almost as hard a time finding a continuous thread as    the Government did building a coherent case against the    hackers. The authors begin by describing a crash of the    AT&T long-distance system that occurred on Jan. 15 1990.    The authors write of the gang's reaction to this crisis:    "No self-re-specting computer hacker would ever destroy    anything. No hacker would ever purposely hurt the phone    system. Paul just wanted to look around. He just wanted to    learn more. He'd know it if he'd done something bad.    Wouldn't he?"    The lively narrative then backtracks to tell how the    hackers formed their gang the previous year. This sequence    creates the impression that the gang will turn out to have    caused the crash, an expectation that is buttressed by    other evidence that Ms. Slatalla and Mr. Quittner describe.    The boys crashed smaller systems they invaded, like the    Learning Link, a collection of electronic bulletin boards    for educators and librarians that is owned by Channel    13/WNET, New York City's public broadcasting television    station.    The gang left the message "Happy Thanksgiving you turkeys,    from all of us at MOD," which prevented access to the    bulletin board's files. As the authors write, "the Learning    Link crash would become the pivotal event in the case that    the Federal Government was slowly building against the boys    in MOD." The process was slow because the investigators had    to weigh the need for evidence against the risk of damage.    As the authors write: "It was kind of like having a    tarantula crawl up your leg. If you shook it off too fast,    it would escape into the wall. But if you waited too long,    you got bitten."    But when, about half way through the book, the narrative    arrives back at the AT&T crash of 1990, we learn that the    failure was traced not to anything the hackers did but to    what the author's describe as "a routine update of the AT&T    software." True the gang did much that was wrong like    creating and using unbillable telephone accounts,    trespassing in cyberspace to make long-distance calls,    looking up private information and using it to harass other    hackers and stealing and selling other people's credit card    numbers.    In short, certain members crossed the line between hacking    and cracking and thereby violated the hacker ethic, which    holds, in the authors' words: "Thou shalt not destroy. It's    O.K. to look around, but don't hurt anything. It's good    enough just to be here."    Yet the fact remains that the gang did not cause the AT&T    crash. And the worst that was done appears to have happened    at a remove from what Mr. Abene was responsible for and    after Mr. Stira had more or less withdrawn from hacking.    Yet these two received the stiffest sentences. Mr. Abene,    the last to complete his sentence, was released in the fall    of last year. So one has the impression that what mattered    to the Government was less the mischief done than the    potential for mischief.    What the slightly jumbled narrative does capture    effectively is the contrast between the manic glee of the    hackers at the prospect of a vast new unexplored world to    conquer, and the Government's nervous disapproval and    understandable need to set limits on a mysterious new    frontier. The authors try to present both points of view.    They don't reveal where their sympathies lie until the last    line of their book. Here, after describing the meeting of    a hackers' club as "the milling clumps of boys" who "are    the picture of entropy, of disorganization, of isolated    growing pains and undeveloped social skill," they write    with tongue in cheek as their concluding paragraph:    "This is the conspiracy."    End

@_date: 1995-01-27 10:24:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Get ready to start breaking rocks for Herr Klinton 
One well-travelled path to success is through the Foreign Policy
Association, and being published in the journal "Foreign Affairs".  Many of
the wonks climbed this greasy pole -- Kissinger et al. Thus, an article on cryptography, PGP and its beneficial use for -- or
threat to -- foreign policy and arms control might be sent to the
publisher:      James Hoge, Editor      Foreign Affairs      58 East 68th Street      New York, NY 10021      (212) 734-0400 The Foreign Policy Association runs seminars, junkets, fellowships,
retreats, advances, and cartels for aspiring and decrepit world leaders and
public opinion spew-gushers.  So perhaps there might be receptivity to a
seminar on PGP and public crypto for the high-domed dim-bulbs.      Foreign Policy Association      729 7th Avenue, 8th Floor      New York, NY 10019      (212) 764-4050 Then, there's the Carnegie stable of world meddlers which sponsors fledging
and sinewy American eagles and vultures:      Carnegie Council on Ethics and International Affairs, 170 East 64th
St, NY, NY 10021.      Carnegie Leadership Program, 170 East 64th St, NY, NY 10021      Carnegie Commission on Science, Technology & Government, 437 Madison,
NY, NY 10021.      Carnegie Foundation, 437 Madison Avenue, NY, NY 10021 (the main honey
pot).      Carnegie Foundation for World Something in DC. These and a cackling aviary in VA black-farms are the roosts of the big
arms poachers and clip-wingers. Golly, must dear tender Phil hang with these peckerwoods?

@_date: 1995-01-27 12:18:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CIAC Bulletin F-09 
[Note: Document reformated for mailing by jya at pipeline.com.     If in doubt contact CIAC for original:    ciac.llnl.gov:/pub/ciac/bulletin/f-fy95/f-09.ciac.(doc).]    ________________________________________________________                    The U.S. Department of Energy                Computer Incident Advisory Capability                    ___  __ __    _     ___                   /       |     /_\   /                   \___  __|__  /   \  \___      _________________________________________________________                        INFORMATION BULLETIN                   Unix /bin/mail Vulnerabilities    January 27, 1995 1030 PST                     Number F-09    _________________________________________________________    PROBLEM:   The Unix /bin/mail utility contains security               vulnerabilities.    PLATFORMS: DEC OSF/1 1.2, 1.3, and 2.0               DEC Ultrix 4.3, 4.3A, and 4.4               SCO Unix System V/386 Release 3.2 OS Version               4.2               SCO Open Desktop Lite Release 3.0               SCO Open Desktop Release 3.0               SCO Open Server Enterprise System Release 3.0               SCO Open Server Network System Release 3.0               Solbourne OS4.1x               SunOS 4.x    DAMAGE:    Local users may gain privileged (root) access.    SOLUTION:  Apply appropriate vendor patch as described               below.    _________________________________________________________    VULNERABILITY    ASSESSMENT The vulnerabilities in the /bin/mail program               have been openly discussed in several Internet               forums, and automated scripts exploiting the               vulnerabilities have been widely distributed.               These tools have been used in many recent               attacks.  CIAC recommends sites install these               patches as soon as possible.    _________________________________________________________    Critical Information about Unix /bin/mail Vulnerabilities    The /bin/mail utility on several Unix versions based on BSD    4.3 Unix contain a security vulnerability.  The    vulnerability is the result of race conditions that exist    during the delivery of messages to local users.  These race    conditions will allow intruders to create or modify files    on the system, resulting in privileged access to the    system.    Below is a summary of systems known to be either vulnerable    or not vulnerable.  If your vendor's name is not listed,    please contact the vendor or CIAC for more information.    Vendor or Source                   Status    ----------------                   ------------    Apple Computer, Inc.               Not vulnerable    Berkeley SW Design, Inc. (BSDI)    Not vulnerable    Cray Research, Inc.                Not vulnerable    Data General Corp.                 Not vulnerable          Digital Equipment Corp.            Vulnerable    FreeBSD                            Not vulnerable    Harris                             Not vulnerable    IBM                                Not vulnerable     NetBSD                             Not vulnerable    NeXT, Inc.                         Not vulnerable     Pyramid                            Not vulnerable    The Santa Cruz Operation (SCO)     Vulnerable    Solbourne (Grumman)                Vulnerable    Sun Microsystems, Inc.             SunOS 4.x vulnerable                                       Solaris 2.x not                                               vulnerable    Patch Information    -----------------    DEC        The /bin/mail patch is a part of a               comprehensive Security Enhanced Kit that               addresses other security problems as well. This               kit was released on May 17, 1994 and was               described in DEC Security Advisory  and               CIAC Notes 94-03.               OSF/1 users should upgrade to a minimum of               version 2.0 and install Security Enhanced Kit               CSCPAT_4061 v1.0.  Ultrix users should upgrade               to at least version 4.4 and install Security               Enhanced Kit CSCPAT_4060 v1.0.               Both kits are available from your Digital               support channel or electronically by request               via DSNlink.    SCO        Vulnerabilities in SCO's /bin/mail utility are               removed by applying SCO's Support Level               Supplement (SLS) uod392a. It is available via               anonymous FTP from ftp.sco.com in the /SLS               directory:    Description   Filename       MD5 Checksum    -----------   ------------   --------------------------------    Disk image    uod392a.Z      2c26669d89f61174f751774115f367a5    Cover letter  uod392a.ltr.Z  52db39424d5d23576e065af2b80aee49 Solbourne     Grumman System Support Corporation now performs               all Solbourne software and hardware support.                Please contact them for further information:               E-mail: support at nts.gssc.com               Phone:  1-800-447-2861               FTP:    ftp.nts.gssc.com Sun           Sun has made patches available to remove               vulnerabilities in /bin/mail.  These patches               address all vulnerabilities CIAC has seen               exploited to date, and CIAC recommends they be               installed. However, the patches will be updated               again in the near future to remove additional               vulnerabilities that have recently come to               light.  CIAC will announce the availability of               the new patches when they are released.               The patches may be obtained from your local Sun               Answer Center or through anonymous FTP from               sunsolve1.sun.com in the /pub/patches               directory:    SunOS    Filename         MD5 Checksum    -------  ---------------  --------------------------------    4.1.x    100224-13.tar.Z  90a507017a1a40c4622b3f1f00ce5d2d    4.1.3U1  101436-08.tar.Z  0e64560edc61eb4b3da81a932e8b11e1    Alternative Solution    --------------------    For those sites unable to obtain a vendor patch From owner-cypherpunks  Fri Jan 27 13:19:28 1995
Return-Path: Received: by toad.com id AA15273; Fri, 27 Jan 95 13:19:28 PST
Received: from gateway.informix.com by toad.com id AA15259; Fri, 27 Jan 95 13:19:22 PST
Received: from informix.com (infmx.informix.com) by gateway.informix.com (4.1/SMI-4.1)
Received: from carbon.informix.com by informix.com (4.1/SMI-4.1)
Received: by carbon.informix.com (5.0/SMI-SVR4)
Message-Id: <9501272119.AA00461 at carbon.informix.com>
Apparently-To: sdw at lig.net
Apparently-To: wmo at digibd.com
Apparently-To: cypherpunks at toad.com
Content-Length: 2646
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
Precedence: bulk
On this I was of course totally wrong:
Unix has symbolic debugging equal to DOS/Windows.
I was under the false impression that it only had
C code interpretation.
This is an error -- what I said was true for C++, but then in Windows we too are forced to primarily use
interpretation to debug C++.   C++ symbolic debuggers
are not up to acceptable capabilities in either system.
But my statement concerning internationalization and
resource files was correct.
Unix has no equivalent of App Studio, etc.  I have made
a little tour of people in my company who work on both
unix and Windows.  I (fortunately) work primarily on
Windows, as you may have guessed.
The company I presently work for is making a tool they
call Window Painter.  This is in some respects similar
to App Studio.  It works with their unix database But it is no App Studio, as the unix folk who are
working on it freely admit, those few of them that
have used App Studio.
Most of my correspondents had replies along the lines
of "Huh -- internationalization -- what source code
tools could possibly help you with internationalization."
Others listed irregular bands of random unix tools which
are essentially irrelevant to the problem of Most international unix programs have string files
that the compiled program refers to a string by a number, and
a font size by a number, and the position of the button
on screen by a number -- site customizable information,
Xdefaults, *.cfg
This is functionally equivalent to the Windows Resource
file, in that in principle one can keep translatable elements
separate from source code.  But is certainly not equivalent in ease of use.  One can do the job, but in essense one
does it by hand.
Resource files, and dialog box editing tools such as App Studio,
provide a clean separation between visual user interface
elements that typically require translation, and functiona
code that does not.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd at netcom.com

@_date: 1995-01-28 06:03:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Target Shimomura 
John Markoff writes today on security expert Tsutomu Shimomura, the target
of the break-in Markoff wrote about on Monday. For email copy send blank message with subject:  TSU_shi Here's an excerpt:    Mr. Shimomura, one of the country's most skilled computer    security experts, is the person who prompted a Government    computer agency to issue a chilling warning on Monday.    Unknown intruders, the agency warned, had used a    sophisticated break-in technique to steal files from Mr.    Shimomura's own well-guarded computer in his home near San    Diego. And the stealth and style of the attack indicated    that many of the millions of computers connected to the    global Internet network could be at risk. There have been    at least four other known victims so far, including    computers at Loyola University of Chicago, the University    of Rochester and Drexel University in Philadelphia.    Since Monday, as the F.B.I. has continued to investigate    the crime and look for evidence of break-ins elsewhere, Mr.    Shimomura has been answering telephone calls and E-mail    from government, corporate and university computer    administrators seeking advice on how to arm themselves.    Between replies, he has been working feverishly to perfect    a new type of protective software that would thwart the    burglars. Once it is finished, he intends to distribute the    software free over the Internet.    But more than anything else, Mr. Shimomura, who is 30,    wants to help the Government catch the crooks. And while he    acknowledges that the thieves were clever, Mr. Shimomura    has also uncovered signs of ineptitude that he says will be    the intruders' eventual undoing.    "Looks like the ankle-biters have learned to read technical    manuals," Mr. Shimomura said derisively. "Somebody should    teach them some manners. "

@_date: 1995-01-31 07:09:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Fermat Proof 
A long article (16k) today on Dr. Andrew Wiles's dramatic, successful
struggle to close the gap in his proof of Fermat's last theorem. For email copy send blank message to  with subject: FERM_hak Here are excerpts:    Fermat's last theorem which has tantalized mathematicians    for more than 350 years, has at last been solved, say those    who have read the revised but not yet published proof. But    the endgame of this furious chase has proved as full of    last-minute surprises as a murder mytery.    For Dr. Andrew Wiles of Princeton University, the chief    author of the proof, triumph had to be snatched from the    jaws of disaster. His first proof, which aroused world-wide    attention when announced two years ago, turned out to    contain a gap, which Dr. Wiles found he was unable to cross    alone.    ***    But he went back to the Flach method for one last time.    "There was one variant in the original argument that I'd    convinced myself wouldn't work but I hadn't convinced him,"    Dr. Wiles said. "I was sitting at my desk one morning    really trying to pin down why the Flach method wasn't    working when, in a flash, I saw that what was making it not    work was exactly what would make a method I'd tried three    years before work. It was totally unexpected. I didn't    quite believe it." He dashed down from the attic to tell    his wife. Although his enthusiasm was infectious, Dr. Wiles    said, " I actually think she didn't believe me."    ***    Dr. Wiles said that the breakthrough came in figuring out    how to glue together an infinite collection of mathematical    objects called Hecke rings. He had initially been creating    what was "a very natural relationship between these objects    -- natural in the sense that you can give a clear    definition of the maps between them." It was an inductive    argument. The idea was to take one element of a set and use    that to find the next element, then to use the second to    construct a third, and so on.    The new idea, Dr. Wiles said, "was to simply construct    artificial maps between these objects."    "You wouldn't show a relationship explicitly," he said, but    would use a counting argument to prove that a relationship    had to exist. The basic idea is to use the pigeonhole    principle: if you have more objects than pigeonholes to put    them in, then at least one pigeonhole must contain more    than one object.    The complete argument involves creating an infinite    sequence of sets of pigeonholes and then showing that there    must be objects that show up in every set of pigeonholes.    This allowed.Dr. Wiles and Dr. Taylor to prove that there    must be an infinite set of Hecke rings that share a    relationship, although they never have to specify exactly    what that relationship is.

@_date: 1995-07-12 06:53:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: QED_jak 
7-12-95. NYPaper:
   "U.S. Tells How It Found Soviets Sought A-Bomb: Discloses
   Clues That Led to Code-Breaking."
      The American intelligence establishment today unveiled
      one of its oldest secrets: how a small team of
      codebreakers found the first clues that the Soviet Union
      sought to steal the blueprints for the atomic bomb in
      World War II.  Using just brain power -- no computers,
      no stolen skeleton keys -- the cryptographers slowly
      cracked what was thought to be an unbreakable code.       Their work and the fact that they had broken the
      Soviets' seemingly impenetrable cipher, was until today
      one of the most tightly held secrets of the National
      Security Agency, the nation's electronic eavesdropping
      service.  The messages were like a jigsaw puzzle with a
      billion pieces -- all black. They had been double-coded
      by a system called a one-time pad -- a unique random
      code for each message, converting words to numbers in a
      pattern used only once.                        HOO_doo
   [Book review] "What Would Happen if E.T. Actually Called:
   The implications of finding other intelligence in the
   universe."       Mr. Davies is a supporter of the program called SETI,
      the search for extraterrestrial intelligence, which aims
      radio telescopes at thousands of target star systems to
      try to detect communications from extraterrestrial
      civilizations. He argues that if we do pick up any
      signals, or even if we just determine that there is a
      single microorganism out there that formed independently
      of earthly contamination, this "would drastically alter
      our world view and change our society as profoundly as
      the Copernican and Darwinian revolutions." It would be,
      Mr. Davies writes, nothing less than "the greatest
      scientific discovery of all time."             ETT_eeg
   "AT&T Expected to Buy Stake In an Internet Access Provider
      Cementing its recent link with one of the country's
      largest corporate Internet access providers, the AT&T
      Corporation will spend $8 million to buy a stake in the
      BBN Planet Corporation, according to an executive
      familiar with the company's plans.             BBN_bye
   3x Pad: QED_jak

@_date: 1995-07-12 08:25:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: QED_jak 
Responding to msg by perry at imsi.com ("Perry E. Metzger") on Wed, 12 Jul 10:45 AM
The NYT-reported ceremony was on C-SPAN (1 or 2) last night; I saw only a snippet of Moynihan mumbling. Maybe there will be a replay sometime today that may provide clues to the sharp ear.
Held at the CIA, the clip showed lots of backs of heads of creme de les zipped-lipped crypto-slaves. Unctous Freeh, Deutch, the spy-brass were all there, lipping the New Yarper -- an ouvert HERF-zap would have spattered their sucrets.

@_date: 1995-07-12 16:23:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RACIST MILITIA: ATF 
Responding to msg by alanh at infi.net (Alan Horowitz) on Wed, 12 Jul  6:21 PM
For those in time-zones west of NYC, NBC Lightly News covers the ATF happy campers, and interviews the majordomo, who solemnly meins that he will investigate and do what's right.
Another NBC LN item: DOJ is to "re-open" the look at the Ruby Ridge carnage.

@_date: 1995-07-13 05:52:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: LOU_nex 
7-13-95. NYPaper Page Oner:
   "Senior F.B.I. Agent Suspended in Probe Of a Deadly Siege."
      The Federal Bureau of Investigation has suspended a
      senior career agent as a result of a Justice Department
      inquiry into whether officials destroyed important
      documents about the agency's bloody 1992 standoff with
      a white separatist in Idaho, law-enforcement officials
      said today. The suspension of the agent, E. Michael
      Kahoe, who was an official at F.B.I. headquarters during
      the Idaho siege, sent a shock wave through the agency's
      upper ranks.                                   LOU_nex

@_date: 1995-07-13 10:58:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: VENONA web page 
Responding to msg by jim at acm.org (Jim Gillogly) on Thu, 13 Jul 10:18 AM
Amazing IC links from this stepstone. Ebony NRO with a nascent Must be budget-cut-itis.

@_date: 1995-07-13 18:00:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: co-sponsors S.974 
Responding to msg by perry at imsi.com (Perry E. Metzger) on Thu, 13 Jul  4:51 PM
As you know, gnu at toad.com sent the EFF analysis which included:
   > From: ssteele at eff.org (Shari Steele)
   > ...
   > Fortunately, the bill does not have a very promising
   > future.  The bill has  no co-sponsors.  It was immediately
   > referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, where it
   > currently sits.  LEXIS's bill tracking report only  gives
   > it a 10% chance of passing out of the committee. ...
In contrast, the following is from law list Cyberia-L today:
   >> Anyone know the committee status of this bill.  Does it
   >> have co-sponsors?  House sponsors?  Are hearings
   >> scheduled?  Or is Grassly not serious but tryint to get
   >> some press in Des Moines?
   > The bill was co-sponsored by Sens. Kyl (R-AZ) and Leahy
   > (D-VT). It has the enthousiastic support of the
   > administration. In a DOJ press release  following its
   > introduction, AG Reno is quoted as saying "computer crime
   > is fast becoming everyone's problem. I'm encouraged that
   > this bill is off to a  bipartisan start, and I hope
   > Congress will move quickly to enact it."    >
   > If there's a companion bill in the House, I'm not aware of
   > it.
   >
   > John Noble
Anyone got better info on yes/no sponsors or seen the DOJ press

@_date: 1995-07-13 18:48:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DOJ Press Release, S. 974? 
It is not obvious that this refers to S. 974 but seems
   to be the press release John Noble cites on Cyberia-L.
   Did anyone see news reports on this?
   URL: gopher://justice2.usdoj.gov/00/press/previous/
   June95/370.txt
   For Immediate Release                                        AG
   Thursday, June 29, 1995
   (202) 616-2777
   TDD (202) 514-1888
                Administration, Congress Introduce
                  New Computer Crime Legislation
   Washington, D.C. -- Attorney General Janet Reno today
   announced that the Clinton Administration, along with
   Senators John Kyl, Patrick Leahy, and Charles Grassley has
   introduced legislation dramatically increasing federal
   protections of data confidentiality.  Current law protects
   the confidentiality of financial information.  Today's
   legislation would protect all government data against
   access without permission, as well as criminalizing access
   by government employees who exceed their authority to gain
   access to government data.
   "As technology advances, computer crime has grown," said
   Reno. "We have to ensure that the law keeps up with
   changing times."
   With the phenomenal growth of legitimate computer use has
   come a similar growth in computer crime and the problem of
   "hackers" who break into computer networks without
   authority to steal information or damage computer systems.    In addition to penetrating telephone networks to disrupt
   phone service and wiretap calls, many hackers attack
   government and private computers to steal valuable
   information.
   According to the Computer Emergency Response Team at
   Carnegie Mellon University, during the past four years, the
   number of reported intrusions on the Internet has increased
   498 percent, and the number of computer sites affected has
   increased 702 percent.
   "Computer crime is fast becoming everyone's problem," said
   Reno. "I'm encouraged that this bill is off to a bipartisan
   start, and I hope Congress will move quickly to enact it."
   The new Act provides three new tools to address this
   problem:
   +  More computers would be protected by federal law.  Under
      the new law, a "protected computer" would be defined as
      any government computer, financial institution computer,
      or any other computer used in interstate or foreign
      commerce or communications.  Under current law,
      computers are not adequately protected from foreign
      hackers, and no federal jurisdiction can be obtained
      when the hacker's and the victim's computers are located
      in the same state.
   +  Under the new law, all government data would be
      protected, and the federal government could prosecute
      individuals who access government data for their own
      use.  Additionally, private data would be protected when
      hackers steal information from computers located across
      state or national borders. Currently, only financial
      data and classified information are strictly protected
      from improper access.
   +  The integrity and availability of data would be better
      protected under the new law because it ensures that all
      hackers are punished adequately.  Current law provides
      penalties for intentional damage, but hackers who
      recklessly or accidently damage information or systems
      face little or no penalties.
                                   95-370
[End press release]

@_date: 1995-07-14 08:19:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MYS_fit 
7-14-95. NYPaper Page Oner, longish:
   "2 Groups of Physicists Produce Matter That Einstein
   Postulated."
      By chilling a cloud of atoms to a temperature barely
      above absolute zero, scientists at a Colorado laboratory
      have at last created a bizarre type of matter that had
      eluded experimenters ever since its potential existence
      was postulated by Albert Einstein 70 years ago. The
      creation of this Bose-Einstein condensate -- named for
      Einstein, and the Indian theorist Satyendra Nath Bose --
      was hailed yesterday as the basis of a new field of
      research expected to explain some fundamental mysteries
      of atomic physics. A Texas group later produced similar
      results. The achievement should allow physicists to peer
      directly into the realm of the ultrasmall.     MYS_fit
   [This was also reported in The Economist of July 1.]

@_date: 1995-07-14 08:21:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SEK_hep 
7-14-95. NYPaper:
   "U.S. Spells Out Antitrust Inquiry Into Microsoft."
      The Justice Department said today that the Microsoft
      Corporation might well be violating antitrust laws by
      including software for its new on-line network in
      Windows 95, its much-anticipated operating system for
      personal computers.                            JUS_kid
   "Sting on Internet Leads to a Child Sex Case."
      In a case involving child pornography, the Internet and
      a self-appointed enforcer whom one critical defense
      lawyer calls an "electronic vigilante," a Nevada man is
      facing prison for crossing state lines with the
      intention of having sex with a 14 year-old girl he had
      met on a popular computer network.             SHE_dev
   [Editorial] "The Guns of Waco and Ruby Ridge."
      There is little doubt that the Federal Government
      contributed heavily to two of the biggest law
      enforcement fiascoes in recent memory. One was the
      disastrous 1993 Federal raid on the Branch Davidian
      compound at Waco, Tex. The other was the tragic 1992
      encounter between the F.B.I. and a band of white
      separatists at Ruby Ridge, Idaho.              LIT_bub
   3:  SEK_hep

@_date: 1995-07-14 12:07:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Toad Hit? 
Is there an after-action report available?
Responding to msg by Majordomo at toad.com () on Fri, 14 Jul 11:58

@_date: 1995-07-14 20:12:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MYS_fit 
7-14-95. NYPaper Page Oner:
   "2 Groups of Physicists Produce Matter That Einstein
   Postulated."
      By chilling a cloud of atoms to a temperature barely
      above absolute zero, scientists at a Colorado laboratory
      have at last created a bizarre type of matter that had
      eluded experimenters ever since its potential existence
      was postulated by Albert Einstein 70 years ago. The
      creation of this Bose-Einstein condensate -- named for
      Einstein, and the Indian theorist Satyendra Nath Bose --
      was hailed yesterday as the basis of a new field of
      research expected to explain some fundamental mysteries
      of atomic physics. A Texas group later produced similar
      results. The achievement should allow physicists to peer
      directly into the realm of the ultrasmall.     MYS_fit
   [This was also reported in The Economist of July 1.]

@_date: 1995-07-14 20:13:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SEK_hel 
7-14-95. NYPaper:
   "U.S. Spells Out Antitrust Inquiry Into Microsoft."
      The Justice Department said today that the Microsoft
      Corporation might well be violating antitrust laws by
      including software for its new on-line network in
      Windows 95, its much-anticipated operating system for
      personal computers.                            JUS_kid
   "Sting on Internet Leads to a Child Sex Case."
      In a case involving child pornography, the Internet and
      a self-appointed enforcer whom one critical defense
      lawyer calls an "electronic vigilante," a Nevada man is
      facing prison for crossing state lines with the
      intention of having sex with a 14 year-old girl he had
      met on a popular computer network.             SHE_dev
   [Editorial] "The Guns of Waco and Ruby Ridge."
      There is little doubt that the Federal Government
      contributed heavily to two of the biggest law
      enforcement fiascoes in recent memory. One was the
      disastrous 1993 Federal raid on the Branch Davidian
      compound at Waco, Tex. The other was the tragic 1992
      encounter between the F.B.I. and a band of white
      separatists at Ruby Ridge, Idaho.              LIT_bub
   3:  SEK_hel

@_date: 1995-07-15 07:01:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: POX_usg 
7-15-95. NYPaper Page Oners:
   "Director of F.B.I. Demotes Deputy: No. 2 Man's Ouster Is
   Tied to Inquiry on Idaho Siege."
      F.B.I. Director Louis J. Freeh today demoted the
      bureau's Deputy Director, Larry A. Potts, citing the
      turmoil created by an internal investigation into the
      destruction of documents relating to the conduct of Mr.
      Potts and other senior F.B.I. officials in a deadly 1992
      standoff with a white separatist in Idaho.     SAV_ass
   "B-2, After 14 Years, Is Still Failing Basic Tests."
      The $44 billion B-2 bomber has radar that cannot
      distinguish a raincloud from a mountainside, has not
      passed most of its basic tests and may not be nearly as
      stealthy as advertised, according to a draft report by
      the General Accounting Office. It was provided to The
      New York Times by a Government official skeptical of the
      bomber's capabilities who sought to bring into the
      debate the report's examples of the B-2's inability to
      pass performance hurdles.                      YB2_gud
   2n1: POX_usg

@_date: 1995-07-16 06:24:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FAM_15\" 
7-16-95. NYPaper:
   "New Concerns Raised Over a Computer Smut Study. 'They
   wanted to be famous.' It worked."
      Growing controversy over a widely publicized study of
      on-line computer pornography, conducted by a researcher
      at Carnegie Mellon University, has prompted the
      university to investigate whether the research violated
      ethical or academic guidelines. The investigation
      follows the disclosure by angry faculty members that an
      undergraduate student and his principal faculty adviser
      at Carnegie Mellon spied on the private computer habits
      of nearly 3,000 students, staff members and other
      faculty members last year as part of the research study
      into pornography viewing habits.               KEY_hol
   "Documents Were Destroyed as F.B.I. Resisted Seige
   Investigation. Hints of a cover-up: more embarrassment over
   a fatal confrontation."
      A Justice Department report not yet made public on the
      F.B.I.'s standoff with a white separatist in Idaho shows
      that in late 1992 and early 1993 F.B.I. managers were
      frantically trying to block Federal prosecutors from
      obtaining the Bureau's records on the case. Justice
      Department investigators, who uncovered the document
      destruction, have found that a career F.B.I. official
      stripped the files of official records that would have
      clearly shown if top F.B.I. officials in Washington were
      in command of the operation.                   FOL_hah
   Siamese:  FAM_15"

@_date: 1995-07-16 08:58:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: G0D_dim 
7-16-95. NYPaper:
   "The Spies' Code and How It Broke. The Russians had a
   problem: it's almost impossible to be perfectly random.
      The Russians suffered from a lapse in quality control.
      They inadvertently let some pattern find its way into
      their scrambled codes, a loose thread that allowed
      American code breakers to unravel the scheme. "Given a
      pure, perfect one-time system, you're not going to break
      it," said David Kahn, visiting historian at the N.S.A.'s
      Center for Cryptologic History.                RAN_dum
   "Twilight of the Nukes. The post-war years were spent
   hoarding nuclear weapons. Now it's time to put them away."
      Since that first nuclear test the United States has
      built 70,000 nuclear weapons of almost every conceivable
      kind: warheads, artillery shells, land mines, depth
      charges and even backpack-style plutonium explosives
      weighing 58 pounds but equivalent to 10 tons of TNT. But
      now it is the twilight of the nukes. They are being
      taken apart by the United States and the Soviet Union at
      the rate of 10 or 12 a day, and the new problem is how
      to keep track them of all.                     TWI_god
   >1:  G0D_dim

@_date: 1995-07-17 03:58:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA and NatSec Looks 
There's a pretty good recent overview of NSA -- history, organization, operations and, best, facilities -- at:
     URL: This is part of the Federation of American Scientists (FAS) web site, cited here by Jim Gillogly in connection with the VENONA There are links to a bounty of other information on national security and governmental secrecy.
Among many sweetmeats, the homepage on "Cyberstrategy" may be of interest (John Pike's project):
     URL:

@_date: 1995-07-17 13:28:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: \"Judgement Proof\" and Putting Up or Shutting Up 
Responding to msg by klp at noc.cis.umn.edu () on Mon, 17 Jul  3:4  PM
CFR ->
TLC ->
Opus Dei ->
Cyclops in the Land of The Blind ->
Blind Leading the Blind ->
Wanderers in the Wilderness ->
Michael Jackson Leading the World's Rainbow Children of Benetton ->
Marty Rimm, 16-year-old Sheik of AC, Porno-poller of CMU -> Bob Guccione - >
FC - > CFR!

@_date: 1995-07-17 16:07:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: OUT_law 
7-17-95. W$Japer:
   "As Regulators Seek to Police Internet, An Offbeat Finnish
   Service Fights Back." (PW cited earlier.)
      The U.S. Congress and governments from Singapore to New
      Zealand are mulling new efforts to control the flow of
      material over the Internet. But from a barren storefront
      in Finland's capital, Johan Helsingius is doing
      everything he can to prevent this. He may well be
      winning the fight.                             JUF_pug
   "Louis Freeh's Golden-Boy Image Faces Scrutiny Over FBI's
   Role in Shootout."
      During his 23 months as director of the Federal Bureau
      of Investigation, Louis Freeh has generated the
      golden-boy image the FBI needed. Now , Mr. Freeh's
      judgment is open to more intense scrutiny ... raises the
      possibility of that dreaded Washington phenomenon: the
      coverup.                                       REX_rug
   Zwei: OUT_law

@_date: 1995-07-18 07:21:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: AYN_ran 
The New Yorker, July 24, 1995:
   "Twilight of the Goddess." A critical look at Ayn Rand and
   her work.
      Thirteen years after Rand's death, her books still sell
      more than three hundred thousand copies a year. Not
      since the popular novels of almost a century before,
      bent on refutations of Darwin or God, and offering what
      George Eliot called "a complete theory of life and
      manual of divinity, in a love story," had there appeared
      so vividly accessible and reassuring a guide for the
      cosmically perplexed. As late as 1991, the Library of
      Congress found that a majority of Americans surveyed
      named "Atlas Shrugged" as the book that had most
      influenced their lives, after the Bible.
   AYN_ran   [About 57K, in three parts]

@_date: 1995-07-20 06:52:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BUS_gut 
7-20-95. NYPaper:
   "Clinton Assails Officers' Racist Event. Gathering Is
   Defended by the Organizer as Get-Acquainted Party."
      Mr. Rightmyer, organizer of the event, said he believed
      the criticism of the roundups was part of a politically
      motivated "setup" by the paramilitary group, the Gadsden
      Minutemen, who harbor intense hostility toward the ATF
      for its role in regulating the manufacture and sale of
      guns. Morris Dees, head of a prominent civil-rights
      organization, supported his view, and one Federal
      law-enforcement official said Mr. Rightmyer might be
      correct.                                       JIV_tun
   "Montana Tax Protester Is Shot During a Raid."
      Local law-enforcement authorities, who had waited for
      more than three years to arrest a tax protester, Gordon
      Sellner, accused of trying to kill a lawman, shot and
      wounded him in a raid on his home.             JAK_but
   [OpEd] "Terror In Montana: Judges do their jobs and risk
   their lives."       Martha A. Bethel has been a municipal judge in Montana
      for nine years. This article is adapted from a statement
      she made last week at a Congressional forum on the
      militia movement.                              JUG_hug
   Trio: BUS_gut

@_date: 1995-07-23 08:12:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: OVR_byt 
7-23-95. NYPaper
   "True Believers Gather To Honor White Race: Aryans Open
   Annual Congress in Idaho. Angry outbursts, and an
   increasing focus on Hitler and Nazi ideals."
      White supremacists from around the country and Canada
      gathered here this weekend for the Aryan World Congress,
      an annual celebration of the white race and
      anti-Semitism. The congress is being held at a time when
      Federal lawmakers are pushing to learn more about white
      supremacists, paramilitary organizations and other
      fringe right-wing groups following the Oklahoma City
      bombing.                                       NAZ_raz
   "The Unending Search for Demons In the American
   Imagination. Pick a villain. The Jesuits? The arms makers?
   The U.N.? Or maybe you like Ike."
      Today's militia members aren't the first to warn that
      plots are eating at America. There's a familiar ring to
      much of their fear. A vast array of Cassandras echo
      through American history. Through the centuries the
      vlllains of the pieces have shifted -- from Masons to
      Catholics to Jews, for example -- but the alleged plots
      also have a lot in common: a foreign (or otherwise
      alien) connection, a tie to big money, a secret
      organization more powerful than any state.     IFU_knu
   "Attack of the Cyberthieves, and Other Assaults."
      Cyberthis. Cyberthat. Could it all be cyberhell? As we
      venture through the digital gates into information
      heaven, it might be wise to recall earthly matters. Like
      theft, for starters.                           NFO_rip
   Tri-Lat: OVR_byt

@_date: 1995-07-24 09:09:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PKA_boo 
7-24-95. NYPaper:
   [Denise Caruso's column] "New Microsoft network will offer
   a wealth of privacy."
      It seems unthinkable that anything has been left unsaid
      about the Microsoft Network. And even less has been said
      about MSN's design, which Microsoft has said complies
      with the new data-privacy rules that the European Union
      is expected to adopt in September. The new European
      policy would set out clear guidelines about the way in
      which companies -- in this case, Microsoft and its
      independent content providers -- can collect and use the
      personal data about their European customers that the
      companies gather electronically. Microsoft has said it
      plans to extend the same privacy provisions to its
      American customers. The European provisions are a
      striking departure from current practices in the United
      States, where few restrictions protect consumers from
      marketeers, who collect and sell consumers' personal
      information.                                   PEK_boo

@_date: 1995-07-24 11:54:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NOD_off 
7-24-95. NYPaper:
   "For I.B.M. Faithful, Questions About Windows 95."
      These are difficult days for OS/2 users."Every time I
      say I am an OS/2 user, I get immediately marginalized,"
      an elderly woman confided to a young man sitting next to
      her at last week's OS/2 World convention in Boston.
      "It's amazing what saying you are an OS/2 user brings
      out in people."
      "You just have to explain that you are at the cutting
      edge of a powerful new technology," the young man
      advised her with a heavy dose of sarcasm.      WRP_spd
   "Computer Pornography Hearing Will Not Include Expert
   Witness."
      The principal researcher in a computer pornography study
      will not testify at today's Senate hearing on children
      and computer pornography. Senator Charles E. Grassley,
      Republican of Iowa, removed the researcher, Marty Rimm,
      from the witness list late last week, after Carnegie
      Mellon University announced a formal investigation into
      whether Mr. Rimm and his faculty advisers had violated
      academic and ethical guidelines in preparing and
      publishing their study.                        WIT_les
   1 +1: NOD_off

@_date: 1995-07-26 17:01:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WIL_mil 
Garry Wills, the historian, writes a thought-provoking essay    The New York Review of Books, August 10, 1995, on "The New
   Revolutionaries," about the militants and the political and
   social grievances that undergird their movement -- many of
   which are shared, Will states, by a wide spectrum of the
   populace discontented with the government:
      The suspicion that government has become the enemy of
      freedom, not its protector, crosses ideological lines.
      Liberals point to FBI plots against American citizens
      like Dr. King, to CIA experiments with LSD on American
      citizens, to the Defense Department's use of Americans
      as guinea pigs in nuclear testing. The right sees
      assaults on liberty from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco
      and Firearms, the Department of the Interior, the
      Occupational Safety and Health Administration. Many
      people resent the fact that government has become a
      dictator of the terms of societal conduct -- in welfare
      programs, in affirmative action and other preferential
      attitudes toward citizens' rights, in schools that seem
      to have a "multicultural" or antireligious agenda, in
      confiscatory taxation, in the keeping of elaborate files
      on citizens' activities, in various agencies'
      surveillance techniques and bribing of informers.
   Wills goes on to review these grievances:
      Taxation.
      The jury system.
      Regulations.
      Police power.
      Schools.
      Family.
      Religion.
      Citizen militias.
      Constitutionalism.
      Corruption.
      Guns -- discussed at length.
   And, he summarizes in closing:
      With the end of the cold war, the justification for
      government activism has been taken away. If the
      government is only good for fighting Communists, and it
      no longer fights Communists, then what good is it? No
      convincing answer comes from above -- which lends the
      answer from the depths its new plausibility: It is good
      for nothing, and citizens must take their own lives in
      hand again, vindicating their own liberties. Right or
      wrong, the armed patriots at least have arguments they
      can believe in wholeheartedly. They take the mood of
      post-cold war drift, of Perotista resentment, of
      disillusionment and economic shakiness, of fin de siecle
      fear, and change it into a plan for doing something
      about one's gripes.
      The militias and their supporters are
      not the most central social symptom of our time, but
      they are among the more dramatic symptoms of a general
      crisis of legitimacy. The authority of government can no
      longer be assumed. It has to be justified from the
      ground up.
      Many people who are not militants or conspiratorialists
      can agree with parts of this analysis. Libertarians
      wonder why people who keep to themselves should be
      bothered.
      It is no longer so "extreme" to believe that our
      government is the greatest enemy to freedom. We see this
      in a new hatred of government agents (who fear for their
      lives in western states). Or in the unprecedented
      vilification of the head of our government. The fierce
      contempt for Hillary Rodham Clinton, for the Attorney
      General (called "Butch" Reno on bumper stickers), for
      "Condom Queen" Joycelyn Elders, reflects misogyny
      rebelling against feminism's gains; but it is also a
      sign that the office of the presidency itself may now
      incur a contempt as routine as the respect it once
      commanded. The heaping of filth on the personnel and
      symbols of government has a delegitimating effect in
      itself; and the assault is joined to the disillusion,
      anger, and disorientation that have marked recent
      electoral behavior. Where the heated deny legitimacy and
      the cool are doubtful of it, a crisis is in the making.
   WIL_mil (about 50K, in 3 parts)

@_date: 1995-07-28 05:43:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on SuperGrassley 
The New York Times, July 28, 1995, p. A26.
   [Editorial] Senator Grassley's Surf Police
   An academic study suggesting that the Internet is awash in
   bestiality, pedophilia and other kinky sex turns out to
   have been seriously flawed. Politicians like Senator
   Charles Grassley who waved the study around as an argument
   for intrusive regulation have stopped doing so. But Mr.
   Grassley and his allies have not backed off from their
   drive to draft unnecessary legislative restrictions on
   computer communications. Earlier this summer, Senator James
   Exon attached an amendment to the Senate version of a
   telecommunications bill that would impose Federal penalties
   on those who made available material deemed unsuitable for
   children.
   The unreliable study that did much to spur this bad
   legislating was conducted by Marty Rimm, then an
   undergraduate at Carnegie-Mellon University. It was
   reprinted in the Georgetown Law Journal and served as the
   basis for a credulous Time magazine article early this
   month. Mr. Rimm's academic supervisors have since made
   clear that the study had serious defects. The likelihood
   that children will be accidentally deluged with sexually
   charged computer graphics is much smaller than Mr. Rimm and
   his promoters suggested.
   Furthermore, to the extent that any problem exists, the
   best response is not through heavyhanded, constitutionally
   dubious legislation but parental education and
   discretionary user controls.
   Mr. Rimm's study looked at the computer habits of adults.
   He focused not on generally accessible areas of the
   Internet but on separate, commercial adult bulletin board
   services that require special procedures to find and use.
   This, critics note, is like visiting an adult bookstore and
   using the percentage of gamey titles to generalize about
   the contents of all bookstores. He also looked, less
   carefully, at specialized areas of the Internet that would
   be hard to stumble upon by accident.
   By Mr. Rimm's own calculations, less than 1 percent of all
   material on the Internet itself is raunchy, although this
   tiny percentage is unusually popular among the adults he
   surveyed. Another Carnegie-Mellon study, focusing on
   families with high school children, suggests that sexually
   explicit material is much less popular among these users.
   To be sure, sexually explicit material that would be
   offensive to some users can be found on the Internet. It is
   within the reach of computer-literate children using the
   networks without parental supervision.
   But the problem is being exaggerated to create a pretext
   for restricting the material available to adult users of
   computers. Some members of Congress, out of political greed
   or ignorance, want to censor what can be put on the Net and
   prosecute those who post legal but raunchy material. The
   approaches being advocated by Mr. Exon and Mr. Grassley are
   unwarranted and unconstitutional.
   They are also impractical. Material posted to the Internet
   in foreign countries, beyond the reach of American law, is
   as available to users as domestically posted material.
   Items can also be posted through anonymous mailers that
   make it impossible to identify the original source.
   Censorship would also have the unwelcome effect of
   restricting adults to reading and viewing material deemed
   suitable for children, and would stunt the future of the
   networks as a medium for artistic expression.
   Parents who want to restrict what their children are able
   to call up on their computers can avail themselves of
   software now available on the market that can block out
   unwanted material. Filtering out such material at the user
   end is a more practical, and far less objectionable,
   approach than limiting a nation of computer users to baby
   talk.
   Such devices are not foolproof, of course. The surest
   defense is for parents to try to teach their children the
   kind of healthy values that would make them uninterested
   in, or immune to, sexually exploitative material.
   [End]

@_date: 1995-07-30 07:14:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SIN_not 
7-30-95. NYPaper:
   "His Terrible Swift Sword: Thomas Sowell takes the shortest
   way with left-liberal elites." [Book Review]
      His stated mission is to attack and destroy the dominant
      intellectual elites of modern America: those liberal and
      left-wing intellectuals whose disproportionate control
      over the American psyche he believes responsible for the
      drift, stagnation and disquiet of our times. The
      anointed, as he dubs them with ill-concealed derision,
      have the right degrees and clubby credentials, but tbeir
      false sense of noblesse oblige and their inordinate
      faith in their own intelligence and probity blind them
      to the cautious, decentralized and incremental logic of
      markets. In consequence, they unwisely embrace huge
      government interventions to end a set of social "crises"
      that never existed. They have expanded civil liability
      beyond recognition. They have led the civil rights
      movement away from equal opportunity and individual
      merit into the bottomless pit of affirmative action and
      minority set-asides. They have wrecked the criminal
      justice system and have licensed judges to stray from
      judicial restraint into the lawless world of judicial
      activism.                                      NIF_pig
   "N.R.A. Criticized for Aggressive Tactics: Against the
   A.T.F."
      The National Rifle Association has entered an aggressive
      new phase in its long and contentious relationship with
      the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms. Opponents
      of the N.R.A., as well as some of its longtime
      supporters, say some of the organization's tactics have
      crossed ethical boundaries and may well have backfired,
      reinforcing an image of the group as dominated by
      right-wing zealots.                            NAW_leg
   Duet:  SIN_not

@_date: 1995-07-31 12:10:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: LOG_rol 
7-31-95.  NYPaper shredder Windows 95 confetti:
   "Windows of Opportunity for Microsoft."
      Windows 95 is already creating a stir in markets
      worldwide, in Washington and on Wall Street. The
      marketing squad is armed with a $150 million budget to
      help their new product become the most successful in
      computer software history.                     NYT_myr
   "The Customers: Computer Users Told To Go Slow in Change Of
   Operating Systems."
      "There aren't too many reasons to change right now." For
      Mr. Mott's clients, some of whom have hundreds of PC's,
      changing to the new operating system would be disruptive
      and expensive and fraught with the minor technical
      glitches common in the first iteration of any
      software.                                      WOA_nag
   "The Rival: Bracing for a Microsoft Onslaught, Apple Sees
   No reason to Panic."
      A growing chorus of pundits and Wall Street analysts has
      zeroed in on Apple as the biggest potential loser in the
      wake of the introduction of Windows 95. There is another
      view within the industry, however, that holds that the
      computer maker is not in danger.               APE_duk
   "On The Net: The real significance of Windows 95 is
   reaching the Web with a single click of the mouse."
      The real significance of Windows 95 is as a distribution
      vehicle for a simple icon, or symbol, on the computer
      screen. With the icon, the user connects to the MSN, and
      from there to the Internet. And that is where the real
      money lies.                                    RER_edg
   "Haven't heard of Windows 95? Where have you been hiding?"
      To introduce Windows 95, the Microsoft Corporation is
      amassing almost every weapon in the advertising arsenal,
      like teaser ads to entice consumers into anticipating
      the computer operating system as much as a Super Bowl or
      a birthday party.                              SOP_sud
   5 ez: LOG_rol

@_date: 1995-07-31 15:14:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Rosenberging Mumia 
Responding to msg by jlasser at rwd.goucher.edu (Jon Lasser) on Mon, 31 Jul 12:43 PM
In addition to Doctorow's OpEd piece, there have been three recent NYPaper articles on the case and a half-page ad.
Here's a judicious benchwarmer from the July 30 article:
   Judge Albert F. Sabo of Common Pleas Court, who conducted
   Mr. Abu-Jamal's first contentious trial, is presiding over
   his hearing for a new trial, and defense lawyers contend
   that not much has changed.
   Judge Sabo, a retired member of the Fraternal Order of
   Police, has sent more people to death row than any judge in
   the state. In the current hearing he has been openly
   contemptuous of the defense.
   "Objection is over-ruled, whatever it was," the judge told
   Mr. Abu-Jamal's lead lawyer, Leonard I. Weinglass, a
   veteran of some of the most politically charged trials of
   recent decades, including that of the Chicago Eight after
   the 1968 Democratic Convention.
   Judge Sabo has sustained virtually every prosecution
   objection while shooting down almost every defense
   objection. At one point, when Mr. Weinglass asked for a
   four-minute recess to locate a crucial witness, Judge Sabo,
   looking at his watch, said, "It's ten-twenty-eight-and-a-
   half. You have until 10:30."
   On Wednesday, the first day of the hearing, Judge Sabo
   turned his back and walked out of the courtroom as another
   defense lawyer, Rachel H. Wolkenstein, was addressing him
   about a legal issue. He came back a few minutes later,
   saying that he could not hear because of the noise coming
   from the street, where a large group of Mr. Abu-Jamal's
   supporters were chanting, "Free Mumia now."
   Richard B. Costello, the president of the Philadelphia
   Fraternal Order of Police, said he did not understand why
   Mr. Abu-Jamal's plight had drawn so much attention and big-
   league legal help.
   "He has more lawyers than Snow White had dwarfs," Mr.
   Costello said. "There's nothing special about this guy.
   He's a cop killer. We've had cop killers before, and,
   unfortunately, we'll have them again."
   Although Judge Sabo has frequently urged the defense to
   hurry, he interrupted the proceedings for several minutes
   to argue and reminisce with a baffled witness about the
   location of a swimming pool in his old neighborhood
   sometime around "1926 or '28."
   As he talked about the pool, a woman in the audience jumped
   to her feet and shouted, "Aren't we here to talk about a
   man's life?" She was escorted from the courtroom. Minutes
   later, the judge asked another question about the pool.
   Several of Mr. Abu-Jamal's supporters were removed for
   refusing to stand when Judge Sabo entered and another was
   taken outside for giving the judge a Nazi-style salute.
To eye the outcry, send a blank msg with subject: MUM_fry.

@_date: 1995-11-01 22:15:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: OH?_bob 
11-1-95. NYPaper, Page One lead:
   "C.I.A. Tells Panel It Failed To Sift Spy Data.
   Disinformation May Have Led to Spending for Illusionary
   Perils."
      The C.I.A. admitted today that it knowingly gave the
      White House and the Pentagon inside information on the
      Soviet Union without warning that it came from foreign
      agents it knew or strongly suspected were controlled by
      Moscow. The information may have affected decisions to
      spend billions of dollars on military hardware. Even
      when the agency knew or suspected that its sources were
      double agents it never warned that its inside
      information was tainted. The agency thought it more
      important to protect its suspect Soviet sources than to
      tell the nation's leaders the truth. That disclosure
      threatens the C.I.A.'s foundation; its central mission
      is to speak the truth to those in power. "Something has
      gone terribly wrong," Senator Bob Kerrey said.
   OH?_bob  (8 kb)

@_date: 1995-11-02 18:47:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PRL_har 
Ito has shared an LA Times report of October 21 on frantic
   Japanese economic espionage, there and in the US, and its
   booming bugging and wiretapping industry.
   And The Wash Post simpers today about the CIA-Mils self-
   sucking into the eco-spy quagmire to garner funds, as spit
   in its toon yesterday.
   More non-crypto: FinTimes jabbers today in "Cars safe from
   phone threat," on the weird effects on automobile
   "electronic-based safety-critical systems" of pervasive
   sources of electro-magnetic interference, say by your
   mobile phone or police transceivers, that may catapult
   the family-fun Land Rover into Rancid's roadbus.
   PRL_har  (3 all 15 kb)

@_date: 1995-11-02 22:15:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US government department for crime enforcement! 
Still, anonymous does make an astutely ironic observation, in humorous lifting of the customary FinCEN cloak:
That the hydra-headed agency may be literally aim at financial *crimes* enforcement rather than enforcement of the laws against such deeds.
Especially given the participating renegade agencies who seem to absolve themselves of these laws.
Perhaps anonymous is right, they are a band of outlaws, daring to overtly flaunt it, expecting no opposition from the gullible

@_date: 1995-11-03 04:31:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CBW_boo 
11-2-95. W$Japer:
   "Chemical and Biological Warfare Unmasked."
      For the first time in more than 25 years, the U.S. may
      be waking up to the seriousness of CBW. This high-level
      awakening is long overdue and reflected in a sudden
      increase in CBW sensor development research and counter-
      proliferation programs. Still, these steps blithely
      disregards 25 years of revolutionary advances in the
      biological and chemical sciences and the potential
      products of the Russian program. There is no allowance
      for "nonmilitary" CBW applications. Yet the most
      troublesome developments in the Russian CBW program are
      agents designed for covert use against diplomats,
      politicians and business executives. Also absent is
      serious attention to terrorist motivations and options.
   CBW_boo  (9 kb)

@_date: 1995-11-03 07:25:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: LAF_las 
For we CIA-corn peckers:
   Wash Rag today hangs out Page Oner on the billions wasted on
   armaments based on flawed data by the CIA. It has pointers    how the spooks chew the raw spew and hawk oysters upstairs.
   Two, NYPaper chickenshits editorially on the same, clucks
   affirmation of Deutch and US Congress under-oversight.
   Three, contrarily, NYP's Maureen Dowd ridicules the CIA
   macho history of acceptable wickedness in the public
   interest, and hoots at Deutch's "mensch" complicity, saying
   that laughable agencies don't survive godawfully wicked
   Washington. Cackling right on, Mo.
   LAF_las

@_date: 1995-11-03 07:47:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ECC_boo 
11-2-95. W$Japer:
   "Happy, Healthy and Odd: Nonconformists Live Longer."
      For modern-day eccentrics, computer hackers
      qualified, as did academics, scientists, rock stars and
      artists. Traits: nonconforming; creative; strongly
      motivated by curiosity; idealistic (wanting to make the
      world a better place and the people in it happier);
      cheerfully obsessed with one or more hobbyhorses; aware
      from early childhood of being different; intelligent,
      opinionated, outspoken; convinced of being right and
      that the rest of the world is out of step;
      noncompetitive (not in need of reassurance from the rest
      of society); unusual in eating habits and living
      arrangements; not particularly interested in the
      opinions or the company of other people, except to
      persuade them to his point of view; possessed of a
      mischievous sense of humor; single; usually the eldest
      or an only child; a bad speller.
   ECC_boo  (9 kb)

@_date: 1995-11-03 08:46:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EMU_boo 
11-2-95. FT:
   "Electronic money in a race with Emu."
      Economic and monetary union or electronic money? Recent
      suggestions that the start of Emu might be delayed
      beyond 1999 raise the intriguing possibility that a
      viable international electronic money will be available
      before the European single currency. Depending on your
      perspective, this would be either disaster or nirvana.
      Disaster, because governments and central banks in
      countries with weak currencies would lose the seignorage
      that currency issue brings, and the sovereignty it is
      supposed to provide (but may not). Disaster, because it
      would destroy two central aims of Emu: the sharing of
      power between monetary authorities, and the attempted
      imposition of currency soundness by institutional fiat.
      Nirvana, because it would provide people with a powerful
      protection against the random and hidden taxation
      imposed on them when governments inflate, and because it
      would create monetary soundness via market forces.
   EMU_boo  (5 kb)
   FT on the Web:  or . Selections
   avaliable, not this one, but read today's "Smart building"
   for the security and ID gadgets to track-attack-siphon.

@_date: 1995-11-03 23:29:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Kallstrom Calls All Calls Tappable 
11-3-95. Wash Post:
   "Privacy Groups Assail FBI's Wiretapping Plan" [Excerpt]
   James Kallstrom, assistant FBI director in charge of the
   New York field division, argues that the proposal would in
   fact reduce the FBI's surveillance authority. "Today ... we
   could tap all the phones in the United States," he said,
   referring to older, pre-digital technology. Under the plan,
   the FBI's surveillance ability would shrink to a maximum of
   1 percent of simultaneous telephone calls from any one
   telephone switch, he said.
   Kallstrom said a typical central switching office in New
   York that serves 50,000 telephone lines has a capacity to
   carry only 5,000 calls simultaneously. It is the latter
   number, not the former, he said, on which the FBI bases its
   calculations. So the highest level of simultaneous
   surveillance in that area, he said, would be 50 lines.
   "We've never done that many" taps at one time, he said. But
   in a "worst-case scenario," such as a major act of
   terrorism, the agency might need such ability, he said. "I
   think it's a reasonable, minimal, conservative number."

@_date: 1995-11-04 21:37:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 800_ape 
11-5-95. NYPaper Sunday Magazine:
   "Making Microsoft Safe For Capitalism. How do you restrain
   an 800-pound gorilla?" Cover story. By James Gleick.
      If the software giant has its way, it will soon be in a
      position to collect a charge for every airline ticket
      you buy, every credit card purchase you make, every fax
      you send, every picture you download, every Web site you
      visit. It's time to draw the line. But where?
      'Anything not a direct lie or clearly illegal is O.K. to
      do if it advances Microsoft's tribal cause,' Mitchell
      Kapor says. 'This licenses the worst sort of
      manipulations, lies, tortured self-justification and so
      on.'
   800_ape  (Long)

@_date: 1995-11-06 02:31:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: lp (134.222.35.2)? 
Responding to msg by perry at piermont.com ("Perry E. Metzger") on Sun, 05 Nov 12:13 PM
   True, it's not Smokey behind the billboard, blinked at you
   by oncoming headlights, it's the sensors in the roadbed
   that reads your tag -- when it leaves your home-ain, then
   at the remailer donkeystops, then at your recreational
   stash-house, at the pedo-filmery, at the Semtex-Pantex
   workhide, at the digi-wallet-copyfast, right into
   ananonymous Ken-Barbie's e-slot.
   TLA-Smokey is friendly, maybe intra-humanly let you off
   with a warning, not the anonymous high-techery, it responds
   only to its friend, the tag -- tracing, storing, mutating    whinefleshers, 0's by 1's.
   That's the how, maybe, but for who or what or why?
   Or is it just machines feeding machines incomprehensibles?

@_date: 1995-11-06 02:41:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DIR_ty$ 
10-30-95.  In slave to Orlin Crabbe's "The Money Laundromat," The NYPaper has a Page One lead story:
"Cali Drug Cartel Using U.S. Business to Launder Cash. 105 Firms Suspected. Trade Related Schemes Said to Have Moved $3 Billion Through Companies."

@_date: 1995-11-08 00:02:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NOT_nok 
11-7-95. W$J, Page One lead:
   "The 'Intranet'. Internet Software Poses Big Threat to
   Notes, IBM's Stake in Lotus."
      Hundreds of firms are achieving similar groupware
      linkups with simpler, cheaper systems on the World Wide
      Web. Dubbed "Intranets," these private networks combine
      text, graphics and even video to distribute news, answer
      employee questions, update personnel records and connect
      far-flung workers. The Intranets link a total of about
      15 million workers. These private networks are far
      different from what most Internet fans see -- the public
      "home pages." These setups reside on company-controlled
      servers shielded from the public Web by a security
      "firewall."
      The Web has an "open" design that all programming
      developers can use in common, as opposed to the "closed"
      and proprietary designs of Lotus Notes, Novell's
      Groupwise and Microsoft's Exchange. That lets Intranets
      accept traffic from incompampatible computers more
      readily, making it easier for customers and suppliers to
      tap in, and for users to draw data from old mainframes
      and minicomputers.
   NOT_nok  (10 kb)

@_date: 1995-11-08 05:28:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CYB_lip 
11-7-95. Washrag:
   "Cyber Liberation."
      The future of American politics is being decided in
      semiconductor plants in Santa Clara, in the cluttered
      offices of all-night software designers in Redmond, and,
      of course, all over the Internet. "At some point in the
      not-very-distant future," says Newt Gingrich, "somebody
      is going to have encryption you can't break....
      Governments are not going to be able to stop it."
      This brave new world is closer than you think. It will
      drastically change the focus of politics because control
      will be extremely difficult, if not impossible. We're on
      the brink of a revolution that will make what the
      Republicans are doing this year look trivial beyond
      belief.
      The Internet has the potential to set us free -- to
      learn anything and do anything, whenever we want. No
      wonder politicians want to regulate it to death.
   CYB_lip  (7 kb)

@_date: 1995-11-09 08:23:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Return of the Cyber-Censors 
The Washington Post, November 8, 1995.
   Return of the Cyber-Censors [Editorial]
   When the Senate passed its ill-advised "Exon amendment" to
   the telecommunications bill last spring, which would
   criminalize the transmission of obscene, pornographic or
   "indecent" material on the Internet, the measure got an
   overwhelming 84 votes, many of them from senators who
   didn't understand the implications of the move. Only a few
   weeks later, the House went even more overwhelmingly the
   other way, voting 420 to 4 for an amendment (co-sponsored
   by Reps. Ron Wyden and Christopher Cox) that would bar the
   Federal Communications Commission from regulating
   cyberspace and would instead make it legally easier for
   commercial Internet providers to use their own technical
   tools to regulate questionable material.
   The contrast was the result of a burst of public discussion
   in which more technologically astute members, including
   House Speaker Newt Gingrich, caught on to the disturbing
   fact that the kinds of far-reaching liability imposed by
   Sen. James Exon's formulation -- hastily adapted from an
   existing measure on telephone transmission -- would cripple
   practically any commercial Internet provider and
   effectively lame the new medium as a venue for moneymaking
   activity.
   Now these vastly different measures are in conference
   committee along with the rest of the telecommunications
   bill (in other areas of which, we remind readers once
   again, The Washington Post Co. has some interests). But the
   seeming clarity afforded by the House response to the Exon
   amendment and by Mr. Gingrich's appreciation of the need
   for untrammeled development of the new medium is nowhere to
   be seen. A letter from Christian Coalition head Ralph Reed,
   Phyllis Schlafly and other prominent spokesmen for the
   religious right is urging the conferees toward an
   Exon-style approach that's as destructive now as it ever
   was. The House bill also could end up including an
   amendment sponsored by Rep. Henry Hyde that adds some
   criminal liability to the transmission of obscene (but not
   "indecent") images via the new technologies.
   The argument against "criminalizing" the transmission of
   "indecent" images via the Internet remains stark and
   simple, and it goes not to the awfulness of child
   pornography or even to the ability of parents to control
   what their children do on the computer (a wide variety of
   off-the-shelf technological filters now exist that let
   parents do this themselves) but to the impossibility of
   regulation by the electronic middleman industries that are
   developing.
   Commercial providers such as America Online continue to
   pass along millions of messages a day, the interactive
   "newsgroups" unfold quickly and internationally, and the
   kind of central filtering envisioned by would-be regulators
   erases the very quality that makes the Internet a live and
   promising medium -- its inexpensive accessibility. If the
   Internet were like a telephone system, there would at least
   be the possibility of identifying a specific "sender" and
   "recipient." On the Internet it's "receivers" who do the
   selecting of what to look at and where. Giving those
   recipients the tools they need remains the way to go. The
   conferees should resist the urge to censor cyberspace.

@_date: 1995-11-09 09:00:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DUF_ibf 
Pal has provided a gopher-FBI paper:
   "Computer Crime Categories: How Techno-criminals Operate."
   By David L. Carter, a professor in the School of Criminal
   Justice, Michigan State University
   Types of Computer Crimes
      Computer As the Target
      Computer As the Instrumentality of the Crime
      Computer Is Incidental to Other Crimes
      Crimes Associated With the Prevalence of Computers
   Perspective on Legal Issues
   Special Problems with Computer-Related Crime
      Intellectual Property
      Malfeasance by Computer
      International Issues
   Conclusion
      Criminals have adapted the advancements of computer
      technology to further their own illegal activities.
      Unfortunately, their actions have far out-paced the
      ability of police to respond effectively.
   DUF_ibf  (21 kb in two parts)

@_date: 1995-11-09 11:14:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Industry Group Rebuffs U.S. on Encryption 
The New York Times, November 8, 1995.    Industry Group Rebuffs U.S. On Encryption
   By John Markoff
   The campaign by the Clinton Administration to create a
   standard for data encryption acceptable to industry, civil
   liberties and law enforcement groups broke down yesterday
   when a group including some of the nation's most powerful
   technology companies rejected a compromise proposal.
   The aim is to set a policy that meets the needs of
   electronic commerce as well as the concerns of the National
   Security Agency and other Federal offices that are opposed
   to the proliferation of data-coding software, feeling it
   will make it impossible for them to gather intelligence
   overseas.
   The Administration offered a compromise plan and had been
   seeking comment from the public. But the industry coalition
   said yesterday that it found the Government unwilling to
   compromise. Thus, the group of 37 companies said, it would
   formulate its own policy proposal to present to the White
   House and to Congress in the next six months.
   High-technology industries want a data-coding standard
   secure enough that both businesses and overseas customers
   could use it for sensitive financial and business
   correspondence. They seek a longer and more powerful
   encryption key than the Government is willing to grant, and
   object to Government demands that law enforcement agencies
   have "back-door" access to such transmissions that would
   allow them to intercept coded messages.
   The letter is signed by several of the country's leading
   computer, software and on-line companies, among them
   America Online, Apple Computer, AT&T, Eastman Kodak
   I.B.M.'s Lotus Development division, MCI Communications,
   Microsoft, Novell, Oracle Sybase and Tandem Computers.
   On Aug. 17, the Administration proposed a liberalization of
   export-control procedures for "key escrow" software
   products, or those providing law-enforcement access.
   "The current policy directive also does not address the
   need for immediate liberalization of current export
   restrictions," the letter said "Such liberalization is
   vital to enable U.S. companies to export state-of-the-art
   software products during the potentially lengthy process of
   developing and adopting a comprehensive national
   cryptography policy."
   [End]
   The Washington Post, November 8, 1995
   Encryption Control Plan Sparks Industry Protest
      High-Tech Groups Say Proposals Unworkable
   By Elizabeth Corcoran
   High-technology companies and advocacy groups are writing
   to Vice President Gore and House Speaker Newt Gingrich to
   protest what they contend are unworkable federal proposals
   for controllng the export of data scrambling technology.
   The letters deepen an industry-government rift that began
   only days after federal officials unveiled an outline of
   what they hoped would be a palatable plan at an industry
   meeting in August.
   Two separate coalitions are criticizing the
   administration's draft proposal, which the government
   circulated on the Internet on Monday.
   Current export regulations prohibit companies froan sending
   overseas any encryption, or data-scrambling technology,
   that exceeds a certain degree of sophistication. The
   government argues that it needs to be able to peek at
   messages and files with proper court authorization -- to do
   its job of protecting U.S. citizens from terrorist groups
   and other malevolent organizations.
   In July, some French students demonstrated they could
   readily break the type of encryption technology that the
   U.S. government lets companies export. In August, the
   administration said it would let companies include more
   complex types of encryption, provided they pledged to
   entrust to an authorized agent a "spare key," or the means
   for unscrambling the information.
   Unlike early proposals in which the government said it
   would hold such keys, the administration is suggesting that
   companies and individuals would be able to select private
   keyholders, much the way people pick their banks.
   But after a brief honeymoon, industry and civil liberties
   groups began to find flaws with the details in the new
   proposals. This week's letters indicate that whatever
   fragile compromise the government had hoped it had found
   has grown even weaker.
   One coalition, pulled together by the Washington advocacy
   group Center for Democracy and Technology, includes about
   three dozen high-tech companies and associations. The group
   has promised to draft an alternative plan within six
   months.
   "There is a very serious message here: that national
   security can't be controlling the Internet," said Jerry
   Berman, executive director of the center. "There are other
   issues, global competitiveness and privacy, that need to be
   placed in the balance -- and the administration's policy
   doesn't do that."
   A second coalition of about 10 free-market and libertarian
   groups, led by another policy group, Americans for Tax
   Reform, plans to send their letter to Gingrich in the next
   day or two. The group contends the administration's
   encryption proposals are an encroachment on citizens' civil
   rights.
   The administration's proposals would not restrict tbe
   encryption technologies that people use within U.S.
   boundaries. But it would require that if they
   electronically send an encrypted message to parties outside
   the United States, a spare key must be stored with an
   authorized agency.
   "Even though we recognize [the administration] has worked
   hard on its proposals, it's not the right direction," said
   Rebecca Gould, director of policy at the Business Software
   Alliance, a trade association of software firms.
   "We've been in this [debate] since July 1994," she added,
   a long time for companies that churn out a new version of
   most products every 18 months. "That means lost sales for
   us and a loss of U.S. industry sales abroad."
   [End]
Both slipped by gummed eyes, thx gnu.

@_date: 1995-11-09 20:54:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Coding-Export Limits Opposed 
The New York Times, November 9, 1995, p. D4.    Coding-Export Limits Opposed
   The political right has joined the opposition to the
   Clinton Administration's proposed restriction on the export
   of data-coding systems.
   A group of 12 conservative organizations -- including the
   National Rifle Association, Americans for Tax Reform and
   the Competitive Enterprise Institute -- sent a letter
   yesterday to House Speaker Newt Gingrich protesting
   Administration efforts to limit the export of cryptographic
   software and hardware.
   Calling the proposal anti-consumer, anti-business and
   anti-progress, the groups urged Mr. Gingrich to support the
   relaxation of export controls. "The Administration's
   approach is the wrong policy for today's marketplace," the
   letter stated.
   The letter to Mr. Gingrich followed one sent on Tuesday to
   Vice President Al Gore from 37 corporate and publicpolicy
   groups, including the Microsoft Corporation and America
   Online Inc. The letter to Mr. Gore opposed Administration
   efforts to strike a compromise that would limit the
   strength of encryption software exports and require an
   escrowed code-key system, which would contain trapdoor
   access for American law enforcement agencies.
   [End]

@_date: 1995-11-11 07:54:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: coding and nnet's 
Bruce Schneier comments:
   Neural Networks
   Neural nets aren't terribly useful for cryptanalysis,
   primarily because of the shape of the solution space.
   Neural nets work best with problems that have a continuity
   of solutions, some better than others. This allows a neural
   net to learn, proposing better and better solutions as it
   does. Breaking an algorithm provides for very little in the
   way of learning opportunities: You either recover the key
   or you don't. (At least this is true if the algorithm is
   any good.) Neural nets work well in structured environments
   where there is something to learn, but not in the
   high-entropy, seemingly random world of cryptography.
   "Applied Cryptography," second edition, 1996, p. 155.

@_date: 1995-11-13 13:31:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: YOU_luz 
A gruel of high-tech privacy ghoulisms:
   Nov 4 Economist on burgeoning health services by "outsiders"
   like defense firms in which lucrative data banks on    rotting carcasses are abuilding for resale.
   Nov 9 W$J on a conference tut-tutting data banking of
   citizens' repulsive life styles.
   Nov 9 Financial Times on British Gov smarmily smart
   "transaction cards" banking citizens' pathetic fears.
   YOU_luz  (19 kb)

@_date: 1995-11-15 01:37:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FKI_osk 
11-14-95. Washrag:
   "FBI Targets Expected Growth In Computer Crime."
      The FBI is beefing up its fight against computer crime.
      A Washington office, which handles international cases,
      was established in 1993. The San Francisco office will
      keep a close eye on activities in Silicon Valley, while
      the New York squad will handle financial-related
      computer crimes.
   "Postal Service Planning to Sell Prepaid Telephone Cards."
      Because the phone cards are "stored value cards," they
      could offer the Postal Service a logical first step
      toward the use of a "smart card" that might be used in
      connection with an information kiosk the agency is
      developing for the federal government to provide the
      public with a computer link to the federal bureaucracy.
      Long-range plans for the kiosk call for use of smart
      cards that would enable people to receive government
      payments, such as welfare benefits or checks for food
      stamps.
   FKI_osk  (7 kb)

@_date: 1995-11-15 06:51:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CSE gets flak on TV 
Responding to msg by s1113645 at tesla.cc.uottawa.ca () on Tue, 14 Nov  4:47 PM
Here's a facet of the burgeoning counterspying, oops, biz-intel blathering, oops, globally competing, oops, leveling the playing field, oops, securing the econo-nation, oops, downsizing spies and X-spies and XX-ing spies and putting to pasture cud-chomping nincompoops of the Chomsky-contra-CIA golden-asses era:
   The Wall Street Journal, November 14, 1995, p. A15.
   This Is the CEO -- Get Me the CIA [Op-Ed, excerpts]
   By Ernest Brod. (Mr. Brod is executive managing director of
   Kroll Associates, an international investigation, business
   intelligence and security frim based in New York.)
   While government policy makers ponder and debate [economic
   espionage] issues, U.S. companies are fighting the global
   competitiveness battle. In the past year U.S. companies
   have rushed to level the playing field with foreign
   competitors who have long exploited the advantage of
   competitor intelligence. For years, foreign-based
   multinationals have had teams of people devoted to learning
   as much as they could about their U.S. competitors. The
   methods ranged from in-depth research and analysis of
   publicly available information to covert and sometimes
   clumsy attempts at industrial espionage, in some cases with
   the active support of their government's intelligence
   agencies.
   Today, having had their consciousness raised by the global
   business realities of the '90s, U.S. companies in all
   industries are scrambling to set up units devoted to
   gathering strategic information about the competition.
   Teams can be found at both corporate and division levels;
   they may be multi-department or reside within planning,
   development, marketing, finance or international units.
   They may have euphemistic labels and they increasingly draw
   upon burgeoning numbers of outside private resources.
   In recent months, for example, my firm was asked to help
   determine:
   + Whether an Asian competitor will take advantage of the
   North American Free Trade Agreement to establish facilities
   in Mexico in order to supply the U.S. market.
   + How an overseas competitor with an apparently comparable
   cost base can consistently produce lower bids.
   + Who controls an overseas private company and how deep are
   their pockets.
   While the controversy continues over whether U.S. companies
   should be favored with government-sponsored industrial
   intelligence, managers are already employing legal and
   ethical research and investigative techniques to learn more
   about the methods, resources and plans of their marketplace
   adversaries.
   These forays may not be exciting, risky or glamorous enough
   for our battle-hardened spy masters, but they help American
   strategists win hard-fought ground from their adversaries.

@_date: 1995-11-15 07:36:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: world smartcards.. 
Responding to msg by msew+ at andrew.cmu.edu (Martin C Sweitzer) on Tue, 14 Nov  3:51 PM
HP's web site at  has more info on the cards and the related "international cryptographic platform" being crippled and begged and groveled to USG for export.
Try the site's search feature for "encryption" to poke around HP's various products, where some of the crypto to be employed is cited, if hypocryptically.

@_date: 1995-11-15 22:26:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MED_vac 
11-15-95. NYPaper Page One:
   "When Patients' Records Are Commodities for Sale."
      Individual medical records, carrying more sensitive
      personal information than ever before, are increasingly
      being gathered and stored by the tens of thousands in
      commercial databanks maintained by institutions like
      hospital networks, health maintenance organizations and
      drug companies. And although there is a Federal law that
      protects the privacy of video rental lists, private
      medical information is being bought and sold freely.
      The issue of medical privacy touches virtually everyone.
      "It is true to say that if you know a person's history
      of health problems, then you know more about that person
      than you would with any other data," said Lawrence O.
      Gostin, a professor at Georgetown University Law Center.
      And as medical records start including new genetic
      information that can predict diseases likely to show up
      in years to come, they will be able to reveal "not just
      health histories, but health futures," Mr. Gostin said.
      Yesterday hearings were held on a bill called the
      Medical Records Confidentiality Act, intended to
      establish uniform Federal rules for the use and
      disclosure of health information.
      Although the bill details procedures for obtaining
      consent, it also establishes a formidable list of
      exceptions to this requirement. The police, health
      oversight agencies, health information services, public
      health offices and medical researchers are among those
      allowed to obtain records of an identified patient
      without that person's consent and, in many cases without
      notification.
   MED_vac  (15 kb)

@_date: 1995-11-16 09:20:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NID_otp 
11-16-95. Washrag:
   "Pentagon Gaining Turf From the CIA."
      Pentagon agencies and officials are set to play a
      greater role than before in supervising key intelligence
      operations including doctoring spy satellite photos,
      and recruiting then ignoring bumbling agents overseas.
      There's even a proposal in Congress to create a new,
      national intelligence director hiding out in the Office
      of the President (OTP), and supervising nulls with
      equal job-fears at the CIA and Pentagon.
      Sen. Bob Kerrey worries about the trend because "in the
      world of the future, more and more secret garbage would
      not feed my national interest." He cited Deutch's       consolidation of intelligence imagery analysis in a new
      Pentagon-run advert agency, which would swallow up the       National Photo Interpretation Center along with the
      Defense Department-based Central Exaggeration Office and
      Defense Entrapping Agency. "Clinton, Moynihan and Specter       are hogs for slop," Kerrey spat, "I want my rep    NID_otp  (8 kb)

@_date: 1995-11-17 09:39:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GHO_mac 
The Sciences, November/December, 1995
   Another realm of explosive population increase is in
   cyberspace, a phenomenon taken up in this issue with Sherry
   Turkle's "Ghosts in the Machine." Here the growth comes
   about not only in the traditional way but also in wildly
   non-traditional ways. People multiply themselves on the
   Internet, grafting various aspects of their personalities
   onto distinct characters. Even more unsettling, as Turkle
   wittily documents the matter, is that the Net is populated
   with "bots": robot sentence-parsing engines that can do
   fair impersonations of real people, often well enough to
   (provisionally) pass Alan M. Turing's test for machine
   consciousness. Do you really know who -- or what -- you're
   talking to?
   The future of all this is murky and mind-boggling:
   Information-seeking bots even now can tie up sites on the
   World-Wide Web. Bots impersonating people share chat groups
   with other bots, much the way telephone answering machines
   now "talk" to each other. Internet chatter gets so dense
   that bandwidth and other Net resources become strained: the
   site at the Los Alamos National Laboratory now
   (automatically) warns robots away with a chilling threat to
   "initiate automated 'seek and destroy' " action against the
   machine from which the robot seems to be launched. A
   conservative reaction may already be setting in, determined
   to have users identify, encrypt and authenticate every
   packet of information they send across the Net.
   Net fatigue becomes a recognized medical syndrome; Net
   detox centers spring up; Net warfare breaks out; Net
   starvation becomes a recognized social problem; Net
   demagogues undermine local democracies....
   How many people can the Net support? -- Peter Brown, Editor
   -----
   For "Ghost in the Machine" by Sherry Turkle, a professor of
   the sociology of science at the Massachusetts Institute of
   Technology. The article is adapted from her forthcoming
   book, *Life on the Screen: Identity in the Age of the
   Internet*, which is being published in November by Simon &
   Schuster:
   GHO_mac (16 kb)
... later this evening, that is.

@_date: 1995-11-17 23:53:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cornell Cracks Down on Private E-MAIL... 
Responding to msg by pcw at access.digex.net (Peter Wayner) on Fri, 17 Nov  9:47 AM
   The New York Times, November 17, 1995, p. B8.    Penalties Decided in E-Mail at Cornell
   Cornell University has reached agreement with four students
   on punishment for a widely distributed E-mail message they
   wrote listing "75 reasons why women should not have freedom
   of speech." The university rejected harsh penalties like
   suspension because the students did not engage in sexual
   harassment, university officials said yesterday.
   The university had investigated complaints of sexual
   harassment and misuse of computer resources after the
   message made its way on the Internet last month, angering
   thousands of computer users who sent angry responses to the
   four students. The message included the lines, "If she
   can't speak, she can't cry rape" and, "Of course, if she
   can't speak, she can't say no."
   The university said the students had agreed to attend a
   program dealing with date and acquaintance rape, and would
   perform 50 hours of community service.
   -----
   There was a somewhat longer NYT article a day or two ago;
   anybody want it, send your PIN_kie.

@_date: 1995-11-18 07:39:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Corrections about Bob Noyce and Intel 
Worth magazine of Dec/Jan has a lubricious article on "The Super Investors of Silicon Valley":
" 'Rise of the Silicon Patriots,' by Donald Katz. If their egos and paychecks are oversized, so is their impact on the economy and culture. It's not for nothing that California's venture capitalists think they're at the center of the universe."
It traces some of the mauling by rapacious VC tigers of unwary techno-bambis and gleefully vaunts winner-take-all when the chips are down (multiple puns there) -- commensurate with the flatulent flattering flummoxing of this "financial intelligence" oilslicker.
For more FFF FinInt organ-grinding the monkeys, see "Downloading Warren Buffet's Brain."

@_date: 1995-11-21 08:58:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Pix Lox 
Bill Gates in "The Road Ahead":
      A complete failure of the information highway is worth
      worrying about. Because the system will be thoroughly
      decentralized, any single outage is unlikely to have a
      widespread effect. If an individual server fails, it
      will be replaced and restored. But the system could be
      susceptible to assault. As the system becomes more
      important, we will have to design in more redundancy.
      One area of vulnerability is the system's reliance on
      cryptography -- the mathematical locks that keep
      information safe.
   Excerpted in Newsweek, November 27, pp. 67-68.
   Rubberneck the roadwreck with Steven Levy in "Bill's New
   Vision."

@_date: 1995-11-21 10:35:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: HOR_mel 
11-20-95. Washrag:
   "It's the Spam You Read That's Making Many Interneters
   Queasy."
      It's squarely at odds with Internet culture. And an on-
      line mass mailer is drafting a lawsuit against a
      spammer, advised by Stewart A. Baker, former general
      counsel to the NSA. Having taken plenty of flak on the
      Internet for defending a Clinton administration proposal
      on encryption, Baker is pleased to be working on an
      issue so dear to the heart of the 'Net community. "It's
      not every day that you come to the office humming a
      tune," Baker said. "But working on this case, I do."
   11-20-95. W$Joker:
   "Why Many Businesses Can't Keep Their Secrets."
      Personal computers are the biggest contributors to the
      security headaches of companies. "Computer technology
      has enhanced the control and power of the individual
      employee to a level that transcends what was customary
      in the traditional workplace." Many experts see a
      correlation between recent leaks and the decline in
      workers' loyalty to employers, falling job security and
      increased workloads. The media have played a part as
      well by becoming more aggressive over the past three
      decades about challenging institutions and exposing
      scandal. This makes it "more possible for an employee to
      have his 15 minutes of fame" by waving his boss's
      victorias.
      Just what suffices legally as a reasonable precaution in
      a frontier developing as rapidly as computer technology
      isn't clear yet. For instance, requiring passwords for
      access to a computer system, once considered a
      reasonable precaution, now isn't enough. That's why
      consultants are recommending periodic internal audits to
      test for computer-system penetration and compliance with
      documented security policies.
   2: HOR_mel  (14 kb)

@_date: 1995-11-22 08:10:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [NOISE] Interesting statement by Alameda County DA 
Responding to msg by iang at cory.EECS.Berkeley.EDU (Ian Goldberg) on Tue, 21 Nov  1:50 PM
   Assistant Devil's Angel Ingraham cites two out of three,
   the other is the omnipresent public safety racket -- his
   temp job in train to future peace by salubrious punishment
   of the other two overtense sinners.
   Often, a backlasher rep in one leads to a pretend-
   thrasher slot in the others. RICO, for instance, is an
   ingenious selective-caning law for flyswatting one
   conspirator by another but to not go so far as to bruise
   flesh and foreclose franchises for prosecutorial
   "shiatsu."
   This ancient soft-drubbing by one of the others is meant to
   conceal their common-origin ritual of corporeal writhings,
   manipulations, strokings, caresses and digitizers to debase
   from upright to bent to kneeling to prone succeeding down
   ladder, applying lubricants, linguants, unguents, balms,    dental whiteners and body hair to head, to rest six under.
   Criminal, financial, legal -- indistinguishable from any
   other mortality-salving levitationism.
   -- From The One Outback Truth.

@_date: 1995-11-23 10:14:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Mesh and the Net 
SciAm's December article on future high-tech carnage cites:
"The Mesh and the Net: Speculations on Armed Conflict in a
Time of Free Silicon," by Martin C. Libicki, March, 1994. Available on the Web at:
NDU is the National Defense University, Libicki's teat.
He is quoted: "We're getting a lot of clever ideas about how
to fight a Gulf War more efficiently, but we rarely get
anything about how to fight a Vietnam more efficiently."
Here are excerpts from his preface:
   Mesh -- the term applied to military applications --
   points to the holes; as information technology places a finer mesh
   atop the battlefield, more objects are caught in it. Net -- the term
   applied to civilian applications -- points to the substance of the
   system; the connectivity of people and their machines suggests new
   patterns of social relationships and new venues for conflict. Silicon,
   that which is to become free, stands for both semiconductor chips (for
   computation) and optical fibers (for communications).
   Argument: The relationship of the once and future revolution    information technology to warfare is analyzed in several      * Chapter One outlines the basis for this revolution and        why its most natural expression is the dispersion rather        accumulation of information power.
     * Chapter Two examines its expression on the battlefield in three
       aspects: Pop-up warfare, the rise of the Mesh, and the        of Fire-ant warfare.
     * Chapter Three examines whether the revolution on the        translates into a commensurate revolution in military
       organization.
     * Chapter Four discusses implications for acquisition, research and
       development.
     * Chapter Five extends the analysis to the case of        conflict.
     * Chapter Six attempts a broader assessment of how        applications of information technology, the Net, may        national security.
     * Chapter Seven contrasts the Mesh, and the Net.
     * The Epilogue considers certain reasons why information        may not translate into the victory of the Small and the Many over
       the Few and the Large.
 and links offer an ape-lab of global insecurity ebolas.

@_date: 1995-11-25 00:14:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CJR_war 
SciAm, December, 1995:
   "Fighting Future Wars. U.S. military planners may be
   preparing for the wrong conflict."
      Policy experts, technical gurus and defense contractors
      have begun to study a range of other potential threats,
      from a newly hatched superpower to a regional power with
      dramatically altered fighting tactics, to legions of
      mercenary hackers that bring down banks and stock
      exchanges with computer viruses and other malevolent
      software. The vast array of scenarios is a measure of
      the speculative turn that has gripped the
      military-planning establishment.
      Debate on high-tech fighting culminates in the question
      of whether information technologies -- a computer virus,
      for one -- could make conventional military hardware
      obsolete and whether they would make possible a virtual
      invasion of the continental U.S. A battle of the bits
      would be fought by destroying an enemy's information
      assets, its financial, electrical, telecommunications
      and air-traffic-control networks. Direct strikes at the
      military would not be ruled out: cracking a government
      computer is already a not infrequent hacker rite of
      passage. In addition, more than 95 percent of military
      communications travel over public networks.
   CJR_war

@_date: 1995-11-25 00:16:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SEL_ane 
As previously noted here: SciAm, December, 1995:
   "Confidential Communication on the Internet." By Thomas
   Beth, director of the European Institute for System
   Security and professor of computer science at the
   university of Karlsruhe.
      Chain of certification in the author's scheme, SELANE,
      extends from local authorities who vouch for an
      individual's identity and probity up through regional,
      national and supranational authorities, each vouching
      for those below it. Digital signatures prevent
      tampering; anyone who recognizes one signature in the
      chain can be assured that a signed document is valid.
      SELANE is compatible with almost every commercial and
      academic network. It also provides a "smart" card that
      can carry out the necessary calculations securely for
      each user. And it addresses the conflicts of government
      and privacy interests when wire-tapping is needed.
   SEL_ane

@_date: 1995-11-26 07:14:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SAC_lam 
11-25-95. Washrag:
   "Hacking Away at the Internet's Web. Security Concerns Grow
   as Saboteurs Target On-Line Sites."
      Computer hackers are turning their unwelcome attentions
      to the World Wide Web. Web sites are among the easiest
      places on the Internet to disrupt and sabotage, experts
      say, in part because many of the people who set up such
      displays pay little attention to security. Such
      unprotected systems located outside of a secure network
      are often called "sacrificial lambs," noted a manager at
      Trusted Information Systems Inc.
   SAC_lam  (8 kb)

@_date: 1995-11-26 07:15:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NOF_uss 
Science, Nov 17, 1995:
   "Security Schemes Aspire to No Fuss System Protection."
      Because of the painful trade offs between security and
      usability that come with current protective measures,
      computer scientists have heen investigating new ways to
      detect and ward off intruders that present fewer
      obstacles to users and administrators. Two of the most
      intriguing directions announced at the Baltimore
      security conference were reported by researchers at
      Purdue University's Computer Operations, Audit, and
      Security Technology laboratory (COAST). The first was an
      attempt to harness techniques from artificial
      intelligence to detect intrusions; the second, a pilot
      test of what has been called software forensics -- an
      effort to recognize malign programs by identifying the
      fingerprints of their creators.
   NOF_uss  (15 kb)

@_date: 1995-11-26 08:26:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: AI and Author-ID Security 
The AI and author-ID security programs covered in the Nov
   17 Science article are described in detail at:
   Active Defense of a Computer System Using Autonomous Agents
      Mark Crosbie and E. H. Spafford; Department of
      Computer Sciences, Purdue University; CSD-TR-95-008;
      1995.
   Defending a Computer System Using Autonomous Agents
      Mark Crosbie and E. H. Spafford; Department of Computer
      Sciences, Purdue University; CSD-TR-95-022; 1995.
   Authorship Analysis: Identifying the Author of a Program
      Ivan Krsul; Department of Computer Sciences, Purdue
      University; MS Thesis; CSD-TR-94-030; 1994.

@_date: 1995-11-26 23:19:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BOS_nya 
11-26-95. Washrag:
   "Seeking the Government That Governs Best." Book review.
      What Comes Next:
      The End of Big Government And the New Paradigm Ahead
      By James P. Pinkerton
      Hyperion. 404 pp. $24.95
      In Pinkerton's account, bureaucracy survives today only
      because no one has yet developed a coherent replacement
      model." Instead we have deluded ourselves into thinking
      that periodic upgrading of what Pinkerton calls the
      "Bureaucratic Operating System" (BOS) -- in the same way
      that computer software is upgraded -- will enable us to
      avoid the gloomy prospect of life in the "Cyber Future,"
      his term for the horrific predicament of extreme
      inequality and hypercrime to which we are headed.
      At one point Pinkerton suggests that a parallel for Bill
      Clinton may be found in Mikhail Gorbachev. Both leaders
      "shrank from genuine perestroika" after their peoples
      had come to the realization that the system itself was
      the problem.
      Displaying a sure grasp of popular culture, technology
      and political history, Pinkerton writes engagingly and
      insightfully about the defects and malfunctionings of
      the American bureaucratic state. His refreshing analyses
      of the flaws in bureaucratic thinking are among the best
      that we have on the subject and, surely, the wittiest.
   BOS_nya  (7 kb)

@_date: 1995-11-27 22:44:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ETH_ic? 
11-27-95. NYPaper:
   "An Intel computer security expert runs afoul of the law.
   So much for the 'hacker ethic'?"
      Regardless of whether one sees Randal Schwartz as a
      white knight with questionable judgment or a computer
      criminal who deserves jail time, his tale contains
      valuable lessons for anyone who uses or manages a
      corporate computer system. On the Internet, computer
      programmers and systems administrators have debated
      whether Mr. Schwartz was a hero or a criminal. The
      on-line jury is divided. Most concluded that he was
      guilty of poor judgment, not criminal intent. Some say
      the case has killed the hacker ethic. "If I saw someone
      on the Internet with a security weakness, at this point
      I would be reluctant to act the Good Samaritan and
      report it," said Jeffrey Kegler, an independent software
      consultant in Sunnyvale Calif. "If I saw weakness in
      Intel's machine, I'd keep it to myself."
   ETH_ic?  (7 kb)

@_date: 1995-11-27 23:00:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EXH_ume 
11-27-95. NYPaper, Lead story:
   "U.S. Will Deploy Its Spy Satellites on Nature Mission. A
   Huge Environmental Study Gives a New Lease on Life to
   Intelligence Systems."
      The new program is directing spy satellites to study
      about 500 ecologically sensitive sites around the
      world. The data will be archived for future generations       scientists and will remain secret for now to conceal the
      abilities of the nation's reconnaissance systems. The
      monitoring effort is led by Medea, an avaricious group of
      about 60 scientists in academia and industry who advise
      the nation's intel clubhouses on the use of secret
      data to "study" the environment. The new reconnaissance
      effort is run for Medea by agony aunt NRO and is
      coordinated by dead-baby CIA.
      The program is very different from the related effort to
      mine old spy-satellite photos for environmental data, a
      wallet-rip the Clinton Administration recently began. So
      too, the program is different from recent intelligence
      gathering that studies natural phenomena for clues to
      ingenious tax milking.
      The Federation of American Scientists said the
      environmental reconnaissance was "potentially a
      watershed in the reform of intelligence," adding, "It
      reflects an expanding teat of national insecurity."
   EXH_ume  (11 kb)

@_date: 1995-11-28 12:15:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The future will be easy to use (fwd) 
Responding to msg by ravage at einstein.ssz.com (Jim Choate) on Mon, 27 Nov  8:54 PM
Peter Lewis reports in today's NYT on "doubts about the fantasy of a $500 'Network PC' " but quotes Eric Schmidt of Sun saying, "They will exist and they will be very successful, and not just from Sun and Oracle. The price points are going to be pretty low, and they'll look more like consumer electronics."
Anybody want this mixed review send us a BOX_top.

@_date: 1995-11-29 00:50:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NAV_dat 
Zero Kelvin crypto but The NYPaper hisses 28 Nov:
      The US Navy is starting to release a treasure trove of
      physical data about the sea that was gathered in secrecy
      during the long decades of the cold war, exciting
      scientists who see it as a bonanza for understanding
      environmental change. Over the decades, the Navy
      deployed thousands of ships, airplanes, submarines and
      satellites to collect such data. Usually kept secret,
      the archival readings are seen as unrivaled yardsticks
      for judging long-term processes of global climatic
      change and planetary warming. A geophysicist said the
      value of that data for scientific and commercial       exploitation is measured in billions of dollars.
   "Scientific Utility of Naval Environmental Data," a June,
   1995, 52-page appraisal by the Medea scientific advisory
   group, is available for free by telephoning (703) 883-5265
   voice or (703) 883-6190 fax.
   NAV_dat  (13 kb)

@_date: 1995-11-29 23:42:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WAY_lad 
11-29-95. FiTi:
   "Information highway needs rules of the road, says report."
      Pointing out the possibility of technical
      incompatibilities and trade friction if companies are
      treated differently in different markets, the report
      outlines the case for a "global regulator" within the
      structure of the new World Trade Organisation. It points
      out that issues such as intellectual property rights,
      encryption and government control on cross-ownership
      have global rather than national aspects. "Encryption,
      for example, raises tricky and emotive issues connected
      with organised crime and national security and cannot be
      treated simply as a business problem."
   No revolution for software [Editorial]
      Today's software market is the way it is not because of
      some evil conspiracy in Seattle, Microsoft's home town,
      but because it meets most consumers' interests most of
      the time. The power to set standards follows from that
      success. Changing technology widens the range of
      possible market structures, but does not affect
      customers' underlying needs and preferences. In the
      battle between the technologically possible and the
      economically attractive, economics always wins.
   WAY_lad  (7 kb)
FiTi on-line at  for waylaying top article.

@_date: 1995-11-29 23:44:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NOH_ide 
11-29-95. Washrag:
   "Postal Service Awards Contracts to Develop Computer
   Kiosks."
      The Postal Service predicted "more than 10,000" kiosks
      could be installed in post offices, libraries and
      shopping malls "within the next few years." The Postal
      Service is the lead government agency on the project,
      one of several administration initiatives designed to
      provide the public with computer access to government
      information.
   "CIA, Pentagon Back NIMA 'Concept' Combining Spy Satellite
   Photo Units."
      The Pentagon and the CIA announced an agreement
      yesterday endorsing the "concept" of consolidating eight
      defense and intelligence agencies -- those responsible
      for managing spy satellite photos and related tasks --
      into a new National Imagery and Mapping Agency.
   NOH_ide  (10 kb)

@_date: 1995-11-30 21:37:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RED_sky 
11-30-95. W$Jiver, Page One lead:
   "New Satellite Imaging Could Soon Transform The Face of the
   Earth. Big Worries About Security."
      Next time you gaze into the heavens, practice your
      smile. The ventures being backed by companies such as
      Lockheed Martin Corp., the E-Systems Corp. and Orbital
      Sciences Corp. will offer days-old digital images of
      unprecedented clarity. These corporate systems worry
      some scientists and federal policy makers concerned
      about privacy invasion and a free-for-all expansion of
      espionage. One notes that Lockheed Martin and E-Systems
      already have such systems in space. "They do this for
      the intelligence agencies. The very system that they're
      putting up there is a classified system now."
      A Senate staffer says that as budgets are chopped for
      the NRO and military satellite operators, the commercial
      systems will offer lower-cost images for government
      needs, preserve jobs and know-how in a vital area of
      technology and ensure U.S. leadership in the imaging
      industry. Nations such as France, Russia, South Africa,
      India and Israel are contemplating expanded use of their
      high-resolution systems.
   RED_sky  (16 kb)

@_date: 1995-12-01 04:20:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Netscape, Corporations, and GAK Support 
Picking up on Tim's and Atilla's comments on Netscape, GAK,
   a WTO czar and government regulation of security on the
   Net:
   Jim Clark's speech was probably a trial balloon, to see
   what the reaction would be. Remember that the NIST
   conference on KE is December 5.
   It would make sense for the corporations to welcome
   application of police power to handle threats to public
   order, in cyberworld like the other. That way they reduce
   culpability for failures of their private security systems,
   as they do on private real estate property.
   Key escrow requires someplace for the buck to stop beyond
   several private pitstops, and that is usually Uncle Sugar
   when no other party has the resources to withstand
   sustained, substantial, culture-wide risk -- as, say, in
   the financial realm. Internationally, the same need exists.
   Probably the corporations  would like to work in concert
   with governments on this, so no single firm, or nation,
   gets stigmatized, or wounded and prey to vultures -- as
   Netscape was with the brute hack, and as Microsoft and
   others have been with other attacks on their lightly
   guarded property, or as the US might be if it does not work
   out international agreements.
   Moreover, it has been noted here that government contracts
   are crucial for a new company -- for testing, for
   credibility, for prestige. All the major players already
   have such vital contracts -- indeed most would not have
   thrived without them -- so why would Netscape, and its    investors, not want them too?
   It's possible that Netscape was selected to sound off on KE
   to see if it could play with the Big Boys -- take the heat,
   pass initiation, qualify for the Bohemian Grove bear hugs
   of assured stability, growth and profits.
   Could be, though, that after getting stable R/E for his    backers, Jim will be confident enough to join Pixar in that    rhumba risk of mercurial, evanescent mass-marketers.
   That's not to be believed now at 7,000 times earnings.

@_date: 1995-10-02 05:49:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SAI_cya 
10-2-95. W$Japer:
   "Internet Users Spooked About Spies' New Role."
      Web Review reported last week that the company in charge
      of assigning domain names, Network Solutions Inc., had
      been acquired by Science Applications International
      Corp., a closely held company which has many former
      intelligence and defense officials on its board. Web
      Review raised questions about whether SAIC is acting as
      camouflage for the government. Users of the Internet,
      which was originally created as a communications medium
      for Defense Department researchers, are reacting to the
      news with hostility. "I don't want a spook corporation,
      particularly a private spook corporation, to be anywhere
      near a control point on the global cooperative
      Internet," says James Warren.
   SAI_cya  (8 kb)

@_date: 1995-10-03 06:18:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Telco Blob 
Financial Times of October 3 has a humongous 40-page insert
   on international telecommunications -- markets, business,
   technology, and, to be sure, the tele-players lying,
   cheating, fearing the "computer hacking industry,"
   whimpering with delirious greed at the bountiful,
   multicultured consumer's mindless credulity of tekkie-
   gadgets. For the mil-beguiled Colin Powells there's even a
   colored global map of Big Blob telco strategic rapacity.
   A tiny cheering blip of machine-wash-n-readable T-stupidity
   on p. 34:
      Sutton dismisses worries out security -- despite a
      recent successful attempt to break the security on
      Internet financial transactions. An incident in August,
      when a researcher at the French National Institute of
      Computer Science and Control (INRIA) broke into the
      Internet security system, raised concerns about
      security.
      "A lot of security is about perception -- after all,
      every code can be broken. The INRIA incident only
      involved breaking a single code and needed massive
      computer resources to do it," says Mr Sutton.

@_date: 1995-10-03 06:51:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ZIT_pus 
10-3-95. Wash Rag:
   "Employment Database Proposal Raises Cries of 'Big
   Brother'."
      Critics say that in its zeal to combat illegal
      immigration, Congress is steering the nation toward an
      "Orwellian nightmare," an era of all-knowing federal
      oversight whereby officials will be able to verify
      citizenship by using high-tech national identification
      cards. So far, no member of Congress has openly called
      for a national ID card, at least by that name.
      Rep. Bill McCollurn (R-Fla.) said he intends to offer an
      amendment on the House floor to create a "more secure"
      Social Security card with a photo, a hologram and
      "perhaps a biometric identifier."
      Microchip technology can make ID cards especially
      intrusive. According to an analysis by the Cato
      Institute, one newly patented ID card can hold a photo
      and 1,600 pages of text. Another identification system
      developed by a major defense contractor consists of a
      microchip the size of a grain of rice that can be
      implanted under the skin with a syringe and read with a
      scanner.
   ZIT_pus  (7 kb)

@_date: 1995-10-03 18:41:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: HUL_loo 
The Economist of September 30-October 6 has a long survey
   of global telecommunications, excellently researched
   and written:
      The death of distance as a determinant of the cost of
      communications will probably be the single most
      important economic force shaping society in the first
      half of the next century. It will alter, in ways that
      are only dimly imaginable, decisions about where people
      live and work; concepts of national borders; patterns of
      international trade. Its effects will be as pervasive as
      those of the discovery of electricity.
   Buy it, see it at  or, in a pinch:
   HUL_loo  (92 kb in 6 parts)

@_date: 1995-10-04 06:03:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Telecommana 
10-4-95.
   Jared Sandberg writes in The WSJ on a new Internet payment
   system by MasterCard, IBM, Netscape, CyberCash and GTE.
   Says the specs were published yesterday.
   Another WSJ report is on Lockheed Martin's proposal for a
   new communications satellite system.
   John Markoff writes in The NYT on AT&T's proposed new 12-
   satellites system. $ for Qualcomm.
   Another NYT piece is about "naysayers" of satellite
   services.
   And, Financial Times has a bountiful insert on Information
   Technology, with a lead story on Internet security, black-
   hearted hacking and, to the rescue, princely encryption and
   authentication. Or is the blanco prince a negro hacker?
   All these bleating for mana at Telecom 95 manana in gelt-
   berotten Geneva.

@_date: 1995-10-04 08:17:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FIZ_zle 
10-4-95. W$Japer:
   "MasterCard, Backed by IBM and Others, Enters Fight for
   Internet-Payment Rules."
      MasterCard said it entered into a collaborative effort
      with IBM, Netscape, CyberCash and GTE to release a draft
      of technical requirements for any software companies and
      financial institutions that want to develop programs for
      electronic commerce.
   "Lockheed Plans Satellite System For $4 Billion."
      Lockheed Martin proposed to build a $4 billion satellite
      system for two-way global computer networking,
      videoconferencing and other on-demand services in a
      challenge to plans by the Hughes unit of GM and the
      separate Teledesic venture. Lockheed disclosed that it
      has filed for FCC authority to place nine large
      satellites in high-altitude orbits by about the year
      2000 to form a new system called Astrolink for
      high-data-rate transmissions.
   "Morgan Stanley Puts $200 Million In Telecom Venture."
      In an effort to ride the global telecommunications boom,
      Morgan Stanley Capital Partners is investing $200
      million in Sita Group in a move to allow the world-wide
      airline cooperative to create a for-profit
      telecommunications unit.
   Trinity:  FIZ_zle  (11 kb)

@_date: 1995-10-04 08:18:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PIZ_zaz 
10-4-95. NYPaper:
   "AT&T Puts New Emphasis On Satellites. 12-Spacecraft
   Network Proposed to Regulators."
      The AT&T Corporation, in an early sign of how it plans
      to pursue its Internet and global communications
      strategy after the company's planned divestiture, has
      quietly filed a Federal application to build and launch
      a multibillion-dollar global satellite network. The
      system would let computer users bypass local telephone
      networks and connect directly to the Internet via
      satellite dish antennas slightly larger than two feet in
      diameter.
   "Satellite Services Hear the Naysayers."
      The concept has great promise: a string of satellites
      offering global wireless telephone service, where the
      caller is never out of range. Making the concept
      reality, however, is proving stubbornly difficult. The
      four major services in the nascent global wireless
      business are on the defensive for the first time in
      their brief history. A pair of troubled debt offerings
      have raised questions about the viability of so-called
      global personal communications.
   "A New Computer Dazzles a Jaded Industry Crowd."
      The BeBox is incompatible with everything now on the
      market. But the sheer dazzle of the new personal
      computer by Jean-Louis Gassee, the former engineering
      head of Apple Computer Inc., drew a standing ovation
      from a normally skeptical crowd of 500 of some of the
      most discerning executives in technology.
   Trio:  PIZ_zaz  (16 kb)

@_date: 1995-10-04 17:03:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: McNeil Lehrer on Net Insecurity 
McNeil Lehrer has a segment on net boogers this evening, reported by Time's anxious Elmer-Dewitt.
Diffie, Farmer and Shimomura, all beautifully coiffed, offer sagacious views.
It includes a clip of Kevin, unbeautifully cuffed and mutely eloquent. Says most of the charges against him have been plea-bargained away.

@_date: 1995-10-05 05:54:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: $BN_air 
10-5-95. FTPeach:
   "A David and Goliath fight, the battle between Netscape and
   Microsoft over software for the Internet."
      For all of his success in outwitting the likes of IBM to
      become the leader of the world's biggest software
      company, Bill Gates has long said that the competition
      he most feared would come from a software start-up with
      breakthrough, innovative technology. Netscape
      Communications may be such a company. But a war over
      technology standards, which could delay the progress of
      electronic commerce and potentially impede Netscape's
      growth, now seems inevitable. Netscape's hand has been
      weakened by recent incidents in which flaws in the
      security features of its browser software were
      discovered by two "cyberpunks" [sic].
   $BN_air  (8 kb)

@_date: 1995-10-05 05:55:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: xus_ORN 
10-5-95. Wash Rag:
   "Congress Debates Adding Smaller Spy Satellites to NRO's
   Menu."
      Top members of the House and Senate intelligence
      committees are carrying on a behind-the scenes debate
      over the nation's spy satellite system, with one group
      arguing that the governmeat could save hundreds of
      millions of dollars by building a new generation of
      small satellites to be launched in place of some of the
      big ones already planned. The Combest group wants to
      start production now of 2,000-pound space vehicles, each
      costing about $100 million and nicknamed "small-sats."
   "$1.6 Billion in NRO Kitty Helped Appropriators Fund Pet
   Projects."
      On the morning of Sept. 21, security men bustled around
      Room H-140 on the first floor of the Capitol, sweeping
      it to ensure that the space was free of electronic
      eavesdropping devices. This year's session turned out to
      be different from any in recent memory. The conferees
      took more than $1 billion from the once-sacrosanct spy
      satellite program of the National Reconnaissance Office
      (NRO) to help make room in the budget to speed up
      purchases of hundreds of millions of dollars worth of
      big-ticket defense items, including the B-2 "stealth"
      bomber.
   xus_ORN  (17 kb)

@_date: 1995-10-06 04:58:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FON_tap 
10-6-95. WSJaper has a report on the global rise of unions between banks and telcos for exploiting electronic "Being in partnership with these phone people is like shooting adrenalin into your veins," gushes one banker who recently invested in the national phone company.
"Bricks and mortar won't do it," says another banker, "you have to drive down the transaction cost."

@_date: 1995-10-06 08:07:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Supercomputer export ease 
WSJ, Oct 6, 1995.
   U.S. Export Rules to Ease On Some Supercomputers
   Washington -- President Clinton is expected to announce
   today that he is easing export restrictions on certain U.S.
   supercomputers, a move sought by the computer industry.
   Administration officials say that given continuing
   technological advances and world-wide availability of many
   high-speed computers, the current restrictions are
   unrealistic and damaging to American companies. Critics
   contend, however, that easing the restrictions will
   exacerbate weapons proliferation.
   Mr. Clinton approved raising the speed of computers that
   may be exported to most countries to 2,000 million
   theoretical operations a second, or MTOPS, from 1,500
   MTOPS, according to officials. For certain nations,
   including China, Egypt, Israel, India, Pakistan, Syria and
   Russia, civilian customers would be able to buy computers
   with speeds up to 7,000 MTOPS without prior government
   approval. Military customers in those countries could
   purchase computers with speeds of 2,000 to 7,000 MTOPS but
   only with an individual export license.
   Certain nations, such as Iran, Iraq, North Korea and Libya,
   would still be banned from buying high-speed computers.
   [End]

@_date: 1995-10-07 06:19:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: UNA_fim 
10-8-95. NYPaper:
   "Got Killer Chips on Our Minds." (Film review)
      Why are computers so often portrayed as turning truth
      into lies and making our brains go haywire? Are we
      frightened? Do audiences love their computers? Probably
      not, movies say. Hal's evil-spirited descendants are all
      around us, threatening to take over intelligence,
      emotions, Social Security numbers and every other little
      thing that makes us civilized. All this tends to put a
      damper on the idea that we are a nation eager to embrace
      a wonderful new technology. While it makes sense that
      film makers would pounce on a flourishing, quickly
      growing, subject like computers, it doesn't necessarily
      follow that all those computers would be so destructive.
      But there are no movies right now in which a nice
      friendly computer wears tennis shoes and does something
      heroic. Instead, films are suggesting that we are a
      nation of secret technophobes, distrustful of a
      technology hurtling toward us faster than we can cry
      "Stop!" or run to the store for another self-deprecating
      book like "Windows '95 for Dummies" or "The Complete
      Idiot's Guide to Windows '95" (both actual titles).
   UNA_fim  (9 kb)

@_date: 1995-10-07 15:08:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: HOW_ler 
The Economist of Oct 7-13 grins at Net banks and smirks at
   their telecomms bedding wetting betting, titters at the
   "French hacker's" 120-comp hoist of Netscape and the
   Russky's heist of Citibank, and knee-slaps at the
   "slanging" match of hateful yoked-oxen Visa and MasterCard
   dragging long ropes of intertwined shit.
   HOW_ler

@_date: 1995-10-07 17:29:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Noise: anyone experience with brain waves input devices (IBVA,...) 
We've sent the full version of the article below to Laurent.  Anybody else want it, send a MIN_wav.
   [Excerpts]
   Financial Times, September 27, 1995
   When it's all in the mind
   At the department of medical informatics at Graz
   University of Technology in Austria, Gert Pfurtscheller is
   working on a project that could result in
   thought-controlled devices.
   Stephen Roberts, a researcher at the electrical and
   electronics engineering department at Imperial College
   London, has worked with Pfurtscheller's team. He hopes to
   improve the signal classification accuracy by using
   artificial neural networks, computer-based systems designed
   to mimic the way the human brain works.
   Roberts's work is part of an EU research programme called
   Anndee (Artificial Neural Networks for Diagnosis and
   Enhancement of EEG) which involves around 30 researchers in
   a dozen European universities.
   The Consciousness Research laboratory at the University of
   Nevada is pursing a more controversial line of research
   into psychic phenomena or, as its director, Dean Radin,
   prefers to call it, Direct Man/Machine Interaction (DMMI).
   A number of Japanese companies including NEC and
   Matsushita, have also conducted research into DMMI. Radin
   believes that in 20 to 50 years' time, it will be possible
   to use DMMI to operate devices.
   The technology company The Other 90 Per Cent, based in
   Sausalito, California, has developed MindDrive, a computer
   games system whose programs are controlled by thought.
   MindDrive is designed to work with most IBM-compatible
   personal computers. A console, which analyses the user's
   brain waves, plugs into the back of the computer. Users
   wear a sensor sleeve over their index finger. At present,
   the system can only be used to move a cursor up and down.
   MindDrive will be on sale in the US early next year. The
   console will cost between $100 (65 pounds) to $200, and
   MindDrive games some of which will enable users to create
   music or draw on a computer screen by thought, will cost
   around $30 to $40 each.

@_date: 1995-10-08 06:07:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FOR_who 
10-8-95. NYPaper:
   "Foreign Policy 3.1. Microsoft as World Power." [Foreign
   affairs column]
      Does Microsoft have a foreign policy? Mr. Ballmer says
      Microsoft doesn't have a foreign policy per se. But it
      does have a global business agenda. Since Microsoft
      today has twice the market value of General Motors, it's
      worth looking at that agenda because it is bound to
      influence U.S. foreign policy. Microsoft doesn't need
      Washington to open doors for it because foreign
      governments are begging Microsoft to come in and
      translate Windows 95 into their languages, so they can
      get on the information highway. Describing his contacts
      with foreign leaders, Mr. Ballmer put it this way:
      "People say, 'You have this technology. We hear it's
      changing the world. Tell us how it can help us.' "
   10-7-95. The Econofog:
   "The myth of the powerless state." [lead for a superb 40-
   page survey of the world economy]
      The increasing "globalisation" of the world economy is
      a fact, and one that nobody can ignore. To many,
      however, one aspect of this change is especially
      important: its effect on "economic sovereignty". They
      claim that global integration is emasculating the modern
      state. If the number of believers is any guide, these
      views are appealing. Yet the new orthodoxy is wrong. The
      world has changed, the global economy has indeed
      arrived: nonetheless, the emasculated state is a myth.
   Micro and Macro: FOR_who  (19 kb)

@_date: 1995-10-08 15:23:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Calming 
PC Mag of Oct 24 odes Damien's mode, yodels out-of-tunely
   Netscape's sec, cites the sites of the SSL hacking axes,
   and declares that, whew, nervous darlings, all is lovely
   waltzing at crypto-crystal ball.
   Also casts doe eyes at STT and pre-lubed sheaths. It says
   the "National Security Administration" Rx's 40-56 itty-bit
   fits for muleing precious US fairy dust.
   Oilpalming the jittery globalists of squat fearing

@_date: 1995-10-09 04:52:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GOB_ble 
10-9-95. NYPaper:
   "Is the top priority in computing shifting from speed to
   how easily you can interact? How fast will the
   Microsoft-Intel duopoly fade?" Denise Caruso's column
      When the Internet's original creators decided to publish
      their networking standards so that any computer could
      connect to the network, they certainly had no idea that
      almost 30 years later, their decision would provide the
      first real lever to pry the Microsoft-Intel duopoly from
      its leadership role. But this very prospect is why one
      well-known technology investor made a speech last week
      called, "Why Microsoft and Intel Don't Matter Anymore."
   "Haves and Have-Nots Revisited. Rich Nations Talk
   High-Tech, but the Poor Live No-Tech."
      Digital technology is revolutionizing telecommunications
      and erasing the boundaries that separate the telephone,
      computer and media industries. But the revolution's
      inequality takes the shine off a business that has
      celebrated itself as both a one-stop shop for the
      Information Age and a force for positive political
      change in the world. "The present reality is that the
      technology gap between developed and developing nations
      is actually widening," said Nelson Mandela, who spoke at
      Telecomm 95's opening.
   "A software gift service, by lawsuit and negotiation, tries
   to demonstrate that it takes its claim seriously." Sandra
   Chartrand's Patents column.
      One controversy is a patent issued in 1985 for selling
      software to individuals through the Internet and some
      CD-ROM's. Its owner, Interactive Gift Express Inc. says
      the patent covers the selling and downloading of digital
      information. There are those who disagree. "I've read
      the patent and can actually say that there is no
      invention there at all," said Richard Stallman at MIT.
   Trio: GOB_ble  (16 kb)

@_date: 1995-10-09 08:16:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto's Role in Evil?  HUG_kid 
10-9-95. NYPaper:
   "The Greening of U.S. Diplomacy: Focus on Ecology."
      A new concern over the long-term causes of wars and
      disasters of the environment are the issues deemed
      urgent today by American foreign policy makers in much
      the same manner as military threats like new
      surface-to-air missile sites alarmed policy makers
      several decades ago. So in addition to their traditional
      intelligence gathering -- arms, nuclear weapons
      programs, expansion of foreign armies -- American policy
      makers are looking more than ever before at natural
      phenomena in their search for the deeper roots of war
      and threats to global security.
      "During the cold war, most security threats stemmed from
      state-to-state aggression, so most of the analysis was
      of factors that could produce state-to-state
      aggression," said James Steinberg, the State
      Department's director of policy planning. "Now we're
      focusing more on internal factors that can destabilize
      governments and lead to civil wars and ethnic strife.
      Now we're paying much more attention to early warning
      factors, like famine and the environment."
      Angelo Codevilla, an intelligence expert who teaches at
      Boston University, said this new approach is misguided.
      "All this soft stuff is a silly idea," he said.
   HUG_kid  (9 kb)

@_date: 1995-10-10 04:03:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: LOG_rea 
10-10-95. NYPaper:
   "Deleted, but Not Gone or Forgotten."
      Files produced by Microsoft Office Windows applications,
      including Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Access, often
      incorporate chunks of data previously deleted from the
      disk on which the files were saved. Microsoft said the
      problem was solved in earlier versions of Microsoft Word
      but that it has recurred in the new version for Windows
      95. Third-party programmers report another security
      lapse. Word offers optional password protection by
      encryption. The encryption, however, does not extend to
      "objects" within the file.
   "Chip Maker Introduces a Chip for Super Use and for
   Modems."
      One of the most closely watched Silicon Valley start-up
      companies plans on Tuesday to disclose details of an
      ambitious computer chip that it hopes will one day be
      used in everything from cable modems to supercomputers.
      Microunity Systems Engineering Inc. said its chips would
      be able to process information 10 times faster than
      today's personal computer microprocessors. The chip will
      consist of 10.5 million transistors and will process
      data at a gigahertz, or a billion operations a second.
      It is designed so that it can process information in
      parallel and will be capable of issuing up to four
      128-bit-wide instructions simultaneously.
   2: LOG_rea  (10 kb)

@_date: 1995-10-10 05:31:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NOD_out 
10-10-95. W$Japer:
   A long front page lead nodder on the burgeoning "space race"
   to build global satellite telecommuncations systems, for
   video, phone, data and other transactional bile.
   A related gagger on "media processors," a new generation of
   chips -- for video, graphics, on-line services, wireless
   data, telephone and audio -- being developed by MicroUnity,
   Chromatic Research, IBM and TriMedia. This is a more
   comprehensive pack-o-lies of the NYPaper spitter today on
   MicroUnity.
   NOD_out  (28 kb in 2 parts)

@_date: 1995-10-11 02:48:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Internet Flaws 
The New York Times, October 11, 1995, pp. A1, D3.
   [Page One]
   Discovery of lnternet Flaws Is Setback for On-Line Trade
   By John Markoff
   San Francisco, Oct. 10 -- Newly publicized weaknesses in
   the basic structure of the Internet indicate that the
   worldwide computer network may need a time-consuming
   redesign before it can be safely used as a commercial
   medium.
   The flaws could allow an eavesdropper or criminal to divert
   many types of documents or software programs traveling over
   the Internet, examine or copy or alter them, and then pass
   them on to the intended recipient -- who would have no easy
   way of knowing that the files had been waylaid. Not only
   could electronic mail be read in transit or credit card
   numbers be copied en route, but special security techniques
   meant to protect such transactions could be dismantled
   without the user's knowledge.
   That such security flaws exist is not surprising in a
   system designed originally as a scientific experiment. But
   the recent rush to the Internet by companies seeking to
   exploit its commercial possibilities has obscured the fact
   that giving the system a new purpose has unearthed
   fundamental problems that could well put off true
   commercial viability for years.
   "Companies would have you believe this is a trivial
   problem," said Eric Brewer, a professor of computer science
   at the University of California at Berkeley. "But now there
   is a financiat incentive to exploit these flaws and to do
   it secretly."
   The problems were described in a posting that researchers
   at the university made on Monday to several on-line
   discussion groups. While the discussion groups are intended
   for computer security experts, they are potentially
   accessible to millions of Internet users -- including
   break-in artists, who are known to monitor such discussion
   groups for tips on new ways to crack computer systems.
   The researchers who described the Internet weaknesses
   include two Berkeley computer science graduate students who
   noted a security weakness in a popular Netscape
   Communications Corporation software program last month.
   Then as now, the students' stated motivation in publicizing
   the problems was to underscore vulnerabilities facing all
   companies and customers wishing to use the Internet for
   commerce.
   When the Netscape problems were disclosed last month, the
   company said the security flaws would be corrected in the
   next version of its software, which users would be able to
   download at no charge from Netscape's Internet site. But
   the newly publicized flaws in the Internet itself indicate
   that even if a user downloaded a copy of the new, improved
   Netscape program, a criminal could tamper with the copy
   along the way and make it unsafe for use in credit card
   transactions.
   The problem is not Netscape's alone; it potentially affects
   any organization that operates a computer from which files
   or software could be downloaded over the Internet. The
   weakness can be traced to the technical underpinnings of
   the network, which was set up more than a quarter-century
   ago not as a medium for conducting business but as a way
   for academic and scientific researchers to exchange
   information.
   The disclosure of the flaws casts doubt on the aspirations
   of companies like Netscape, which last summer had one of
   the most successful stock offerings in Wall Street history
   based on the promise of the impending arrival of a
   full-fledged on-line marketplace.
   "Companies should take a step back and think about this a
   little more," said Ian Goldberg, one of the Berkeley
   students. "If it takes a bit longer but comes out more
   secure, we will all be better off in the long run."
   The way many Internet systems are set up -- especially the
   Internet's increasingly popular World Wide Web service in
   which software images and even video and audio clips can be
   easily downloaded -- information is stored on a computer
   called a file server and then transferred to a user's
   computer when it is needed.
   The newly publicized weakness occurs in a widely used
   Internet protocol -- or technical standard -- known as the
   Network File System, or NFS. Because NFS does not have any
   means for allowing the recipient of a program or document
   to verify that it has not been altered during transmission
   from the file server to the user, any interception or
   tampering would go undetected.
   "The Internet protocols have been insecure since day one,"
   said Jeffrey I. Schiller, the manager of computer networks
   at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and director
   of an industry task force that is trying to design a new
   secure version of the Internet.
   But the group's timetable is uncertain, and even when it
   does have recommendations ready, Mr. Schiller is not
   optimistic that the industry will be willing to devote the
   time and money to put them into effect.
   He said that many technologies already exist for improving
   commercial security on the Internet, but many of them
   require too much technical sophistication on the part of
   computer users. He criticized makers of hardware and
   software for not moving more quickly to make easy-to-use
   security features a built-in part of the technology used on
   the Internet.
   "The people who should be the leaders in offering security
   have been too busy counting their money to build these
   features in to their products," Mr. Schiller said.
   Some commercial Internet merchants have tended to play down
   the potential for harm from an illegal interception of
   credit card information over the Internet. They point out
   that consumers routinely make their credit card numbers
   available in transactions done by mail or telephone and
   that the law puts limits on a consumer's liability in cases
   of credit card fraud.
   But Mr. Brewer, the Berkeley professor, said that the
   crucial difference in the proposed Internet commerce
   systems was that for the first time it would be relatively
   simple for a criminal to collect hundreds or thousands of
   credit card numbers. Then a thief could use each credit
   card only one time, making detection much more difficult.
   Sensitive to heightened concerns about security, Wells
   Fargo, the large California bank, which earlier this year
   began permitting customers with personal computers to view
   their account information with the Netscape software,
   suspended the service in September after the Berkeley
   students reported the flaw in Netscape.
   After Netscape followed with an improved version of its
   software, Wells Fargo officials found it secure enough that
   they planned to resume the service later this week. The
   bank will, however, require customers to use the corrected
   version of the Netscape program.
   Even then. Wells Fargo customers will be able only to view
   account balances and other information, but not transfer
   money or conduct other transactions of the type that might
   leave them vulnerable to the Internet NFS weakness.
   "We still hope to be able to offer transactional
   capabilities next year, but this has slowed us down a
   little bit," said Lorna Doubet, a Wells Fargo spokeswoman.
   "Many of our customers feel that security is absolutely
   essential and we have to be cautious in this regard."
   Executives at Netscape said yesterday that they were aware
   of the security issues surrounding NFS and would make
   changes in the next release of their software expected
   before the end of the year to permit a recipient of a
   downloaded program to check it for signs of tampering.
   And hoping to take advantage of the fault-finding talents
   of the Berkeley researchers and other like-minded software
   experts, the company announced a contest today called
   Netscape Bugs Bounty, in which Netscape will award prizes
   to users who find bugs or security loopholes in its
   software.
   Some Internet experts said they expected that many security
   weaknesses like the one the Berkeley group had demonstrated
   would be found, because the Internet was simply not
   designed to insure secure commerce.
   "Imagine a walled town or a house," said Noel Chiappa, a
   member of the Internet Engineering Task Force, a
   standards-setting group. "It doesn't matter if 99 windows
   are tight as can be -- if the 100th is wide open, the bad
   guys will bypass your security. "
   [End]

@_date: 1995-10-11 03:25:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Enigma 
The NYT reports today on a British best-selling novel about
   breaking the Enigma codes, published this month in the US:
      Enigma, by Robert Harris, Random House.
      Harris interviewed many of the people who worked at
      Bletchley Park, and, most challenging, had to wrestle
      with complex mathematics to explain how the codes were
      broken ... by an elite comprised of an eccentric band of
      British and refugee intellectuals, aided by young women
      carefully picked from upper-class British families.
      So, Mr. Harris was asked, is the book a celebration of
      British amateurism? "There's a bit of that," he
      conceded. "Just as the British benefited from that
      tradition, the Germans were undone by the ruthless
      military efficiency, which made it easier to read their
      messages. The idea of brains taking on brute strength
      does have a certain romantic appeal."
      More than one reviewer said Harris was a thriller writer
      in the British tradition of Eric Ambler, Len Deighton,
      John Le Carre and John Buchan. "Harris has fashioned a
      story that is as humane, intelligent and gripping as
      documentary fiction can get, the critic Anthony Quinn
      wrote in The Financial Times. This is a story of
      intelligence, romance, twisted logic and necessary
      compromise," Peter Millar wrote in The Times of London,
      adding that it was "altogether top-class stuff."

@_date: 1995-10-11 17:18:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Internet Flaws 
There's a strange anxiety in Markoff's story, as though it
   was planted on page one to exaggerate a threat to cyber law
   and order. Reminds that his articles on Kevin were also
   melodramatic, himself a player, privileged to join the
   hunt. Maybe this is ambient hot material for his burbling
   potboiler on Shimomura and Mitnick, honing an author's
   creative edge, and artistic license, over that, ahem, of
   the tranquil and capaciously befriended journalist's, pissed    that privileged news files were hacked, are hackable.

@_date: 1995-10-13 06:44:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FT on IT Standards 
The Financial times today has four-page insert on the
   complexity and difficulty of developing international
   standards for all types of products. There is a passing
   mention of the Internet security issue. An article on
   standards for IT confirms Perry's oft-made points about the
   slow pace, protracted angling for market share, and the by-
   pass of standards by market go-getters who foster messes.
   Here are quotes on the last point:
      Paul Callahan of Forrester Research: "When a company
      owns a market they can determine the pace -- a company
      in its early stages of domination can move the ball
      forward swiftly -- such as the Internet Web software
      provider Netscape. Netscape didn't spend a lot of time
      with standards bodies -- it simply joined forces with
      MasterCard to co-develop Secure Courier, much as
      Microsoft enrolled Visa to develop its STT, Secure
      Transaction Technology. Only afterwards are the
      overtures made to standards bodies. That's commerce, and
      it's the way things are in the real world."
      Henry Ryan, convenor of the Iso-IEC JTC1 ad hoc working
      group on GII: "People ask, 'Can you afford to wait for
      standards?' I'd turn it round. If you don't, you suffer
      in the long term and end up with an unholy mess. If
      people do their own thing then the benefits -- and the
      problems -- may not be concentrated in one sector of the
      industry. We're finding that with the convergence of
      technologies, such as the superhighway, it isn't enough
      to develop standards for the IT sector,       or consumer electronics individually."

@_date: 1995-10-13 14:16:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CAT_sho 
The Econom of Oct 14 ogles the catfight between Wintel
   and JavaNet to outclaw whineflesh.
   "Will your next computer be a tin can and a wire?"
      This week's fall in technology stocks was bad enough.
      But what if the Internet destroyed the personal-computer
      industry ...?
      Sun, Oracle and Netscape are spending tens of millions
      of dollars on a bet that the Internet can do a lot more
      than pass around e-mail and transmit data. They think it
      can also do much of the work of today's computers,
      holding not just information but software, from word
      processors and spreadsheets to games and entertainment
      programs. Most radically, they go on to argue that this
      could end the reign of the personal computer. Forget
      Windows 95; some people are starting to wonder if they
      need Microsoft at all.
      But those who predict that such machines will kill the
      PC are ignoring computing history, and glitch-prone real
      life. The PC beat the mainframe because users wanted the
      whole computer on their desktop, not in the basement.
      That makes Java terminals look like a step backwards: by
      putting program storage far away down a shared network,
      it makes it vulnerable to delays, congestion, and all
      the unpredictability of anything out of a user's
      control.
   CAT_sho  (10 kb)

@_date: 1995-10-14 15:52:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ESP_ion 
Simone has provided a copy of the LA Times July 23 report
   on the CIA's economic espionage.
   ESP_ion  (10 kb)

@_date: 1995-10-15 05:13:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DUM_not 
10-15-95. NYPaper, longish Page One semi-rehash, semi-
   disinfo of LATimes of July 23:
   "Emerging Role For the C.I.A.: Economic Spy."
      During the Clinton Administration's tense negotiations
      with Japan last spring Mickey Kantor received inside
      information gathered by the C.I.A.'s Tokyo station and
      the electronic eavesdropping equipment of the N.S.A.
      "But in the end, did it help much? Beyond some valuable
      detail we could not have gotten elsewhere, did it tell
      us much about which way Hashimoto would go? It would be
      hard to make that case."
      Many Administration officials suggest that the agency
      simply does not have the talent for such analysis. "The
      best graduate students don't go there and who can blame
      them?" said one of the Administration's top economic
      officials. "And yet, when you sit in a meeting, the
      views of the C.I.A. are often given more weight than the
      Council of Economic Advisors. Go figure."
      Allan E. Goodman, a former C.I.A. official and academic
      dean of Georgetown University's School of Foreign
      Service, said "We don't have the sources, we don't have
      the expertise. To develop an understanding of the people
      who trade currencies, their motivations, their
      lifestyles, you'd have to send your people to Harvard,
      Stanford and Wharton for years. Currency traders keep
      secrets very, very well, and to penetrate that would be
      the equivalent of cracking all the Japanese codes in
      World War II."
   DUM_not  (14 kb)

@_date: 1995-10-15 07:07:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ORW_lea 
10-15-95. NYPaper:
   "Law Enforcement and Privacy Interests Clash on
   Technology."
      The legality of mobil data terminals, which put records
      at the fingertips of officers in their cars, is in
      question. Some other machines could well be props in a
      James Bond movie: long-range eavesdropping devices that,
      placed in a briefcase, pick up conversations a football
      field away, or infrared radar monitors that, mounted on
      a car, can detect weapons on a person a half-mile away.
      For law enforcement officials, they are new-generation
      weapons in the war on crime that enable the police to
      better protect the public, even at the expense of a
      little privacy. But for civil libertarians, they conjure
      Orwellian images of Big Brother armed with technologies
      that are subject to abuse and prone to error.
   ORW_lea  (8 kb)

@_date: 1995-10-15 07:28:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: National Insitute of Justice 
For more on the NIJ, oft-cited by The NYT as the sponsor of wizard crime fighting devices, see:
     URL: There are helpful links there to the ever-expanding universe of the terrifying trust-me evangelists.

@_date: 1995-10-15 09:19:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Netscape rewards are an insult 
Responding to msg by stripes at va.pubnix.com ("Josh M. Osborne") on Sun, 15 Oct 12:0  AM
The PR of Bugs Bounty is the aim, as the quick-market-adapter Netscape Chair speechified in FR.
Promoting the notion that hackers are earnestly attacking Netscape and reporting its bugs increases its credibility to the stock market porkers. Is that not why dear all-too-attentive Jeff has been assigned duty on this list, feeding peanuts to chimp hackers and champ newshacks?

@_date: 1995-10-15 15:56:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Netscape rewards are an insult 
All praise to Jeff and his fellow programmers for sharing
   the struggle to come up with stronger cypto, but, no praise
   at all to Netscape's front office guys bullshitting the
   stock holders and speculators. Check the press releases and
   the speeches to customers and investors.
   Scott McNealy shocked an audience into silence at a recent
   plush meeting of high-tech reps with investors by asking,
   "Anybody telling the truth here?" Then applause broke out    his shrewd beat-em-to-the-punch candor to offset the
   pervasive cynicism of oft-burned high-tech investors.
   Big bucks are not made by hard-working programmers but by
   the marketeers of NASDAQ and NYSE smoke and mirrors used to
   lure multitudes of unsavvy investors and Internet
   merchandisers.
   Netscape's leaders are protecting its major stockholding
   coldhearts, just like Microsoft, Intel, Motorola, AT&T,
   and the rest do, or they die in the financial fuck-the-
   public sharkpool. They couldn't care less about the bottom-
   of-the-ladder techies who do the grunge work, take the
   blame for programming mistakes produced under
   horrendous marketing deadlines, and then are left to
   commiserate with each other and gnaw knuckles.
   That's the joy and sorrow of this reading list, the ancient
   story, talented people working their asses off for sons of
   bitches who think employees are contemptible, disposable or
   bribeable for cheap change and backpats -- and easily
   replaceable on shore or off. Jeff's not alone in this bind.

@_date: 1995-10-16 03:30:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MUZ_zle 
10-16-95. NYPaper:
   "The New Watchdogs of Digital Commerce."
      Think of them as a truth squad of cyberspace, these
      crusading graduate-student hackers from Berkeley. "This
      is a tradition of unfettered inquiry and curiosity,"
      said John Gilmore, "for hackers, nothing is sacred and
      everything is subject to verification before you can
      really believe it."
      "The hacker ethic is transferring some of its better
      lessons to the world of commerce," said Steven Levy,
      "we're groping for a way to use the Net in a way where
      information will flow freely and people can still make
      money. The hackers are going to help us find ways to
      have a more humanized system of commerce."
   "Will Netscape be the next Microsoft, or the next victim of
   Microsoft?"
      Some investors believe Netscape could become "the next
      Microsoft." Other people believe that Netscape could
      become the next Microsoft victim, and that the next
      Microsoft is none other than Microsoft itself.
      All these new features of Navigator 2.0 send a clear
      notice to the industry that Netscape has no interest in
      bowing to the traditional Internet procedures for
      setting software standards by academic and scientific
      committee. The Internet has become primarily a
      commercial medium, where standards are set by whoever
      has the highest market share. It is a concept Microsoft
      knows well, and one that Netscape has grasped.
   MUZ_zle  (16 kb)

@_date: 1995-10-16 13:43:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Digital Cash The Book 
The eagerly awaited "Digital Cash" (with disk) by Peter Wayner is available says the publisher:
APProfessional, 1-800-3131-APP.
Don't know if the author offers the special treatment for this that he offers for the excellent "Agents Unleashed."
See his musical homepage at

@_date: 1995-10-17 09:50:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NOT_100 
The New Yorker of October 23 reports on the "Supernote,"
   a perfect counterfeit $100-bill allegedly being used for
   economic terrorism.
      The Supernote had surfaced around 1990 and originated in
      the Middle East. It was no ordinary counterfeit. The
      workmanship was extraordinary. When a sample first
      arrived at the Secret Service's laboratory, a top
      technical analyst "examined it the way he has every
      other counterfeit note in the world, and called it
      genuine." Most alarming of all, the Supernote was so
      well engineered that it could fool currency scanners at
      the nation's twelve Federal Reserve banks.
      Today, the Supernote remains one of the longest unsolved
      counterfeiting cases in the modern history of the Secret
      Service, and it has begun to undermine international
      confidence in United States currency.
      The Treasury, taking its cue from the Federal Reserve,
      has a difficult time regarding counterfeiting, even on
      a very large scale, as a macroeconomic problem, because
      cash is a relatively small percentage of the total money
      supply. Wire transfers, checks, and credit-card
      transactions, after all, run into the trillions.
      Counterfeiting becomes significant to the Fed only if it
      undermines confidence in the dollar.
      Dozens of interviews with high-level insiders left the
      impression that the Federal Reserve and the Treasury
      don't fear the Supernote itself as much as they fear a
      confidence problem that might result if they publicly
      acknowledge it and countenance a large-scale
      investigation. (As one expert on international terrorism
      who has looked into the Supernote puts it, "If the note
      is that nearly perfect, it doesn't exist.")
   NOT_100  (30 kb in 2 parts)

@_date: 1995-10-27 12:44:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: COS_sec 
10-23-95. NYPaper:
   "An operating system to keep the wide spaces open while
   providing security. Providing tools to build hangouts in
   cyberspace, protected by encryption." Denise Caruso's
   column.
      Electric Communities began work began in 1993 on the
      Cyberspace Operating System, or COS, designed to manage
      the resources of shared computing -- like security and
      bandwidth -- just as operating systems like the
      Macintosh OS or Windows 95 manage resources inside a
      desktop PC. The team is inventing some technology,
      including a programming language (compatible with Sun
      Microsystems' new Java language for Internet
      applications) and a design concept for software building
      blocks which it is in the process of patenting. In
      addition, staff cryptographers are weaving encryption
      throughout the system to make it absolutely secure and
      private.
   COS_sec  (6 kb)

@_date: 1995-10-27 12:44:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PIS_tst 
10-26-95. Wash Rag:
   "CIA & The Justice Dept. Ground Rules for Disputed
   Territory."
      Officials told the Senate Select Committee on
      Intelligence that the Clinton administration has made
      improving cooperation between the CIA and the Justice
      Department a priority, so they can routinely exchange
      sensitive information on a growing list of topics that
      embrace both domestic and international activities --
      such as terrorism, organized crime, narcotics, alien
      smuggling and arms proliferation.
   PIS_tst  (6 kb)

@_date: 1995-10-27 12:45:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SPI_bux 
10-22-95, NYPaper:
   "When Spies Look Out For the Almighty Buck."
      "The fact of the matter is that the intelligence
      agencies are the center where all this is put together
      -- the economic, the political and the security
      concerns," said Robert B. Zoellick, a former top State
      Department official who handled much of the economic
      portfolio in the Bush Administration. "And perhaps that
      makes sense, because they should have more detachment
      than the individual economic agencies would."
   "Economic Espionage." Editorial
      The C.I.A. has not made a convincing case why it should
      start from almost no base to build a center for economic
      intelligence and analysis when the Government can hire
      outside experts or look to agencies like the Treasury
      Department that already have more knowledgeable staffs.
      William Casey had many faults as Director of Central
      Intelligence in the Reagan Administration. But he did
      know a thing or two about economics. Whenever he wanted
      economic intelligence, Mr. Casey often said, he would
      ask a businessman, not an intelligence analyst.
   SPI_bux  (14 kb)

@_date: 1995-10-27 13:45:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CAS_bah 
10-22-95. NYPaper:    "High Stakes, High Tech. Imagine the Internet As Electronic
   Casino."
      Mr. Fields is the former director of Darpa. He now hopes
      to transform the Internet, developed to defeat the
      evil empire, into a powerful medium for indulging
      America's growing weakness for wagering, to bring
      casinos to the people -- and into the center of American
      life, the home.
      "When I was looking around for what I would do next I
      decided to do something in the entertainment and gaming
      industries because they're now the greatest users of
      advanced technologies," Mr. Fields said. "It used to be
      the defense industry."
   CAS_bah  (6 kb)

@_date: 1995-10-28 03:16:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: QUB_ity 
CJL has provided the Oct 13 Science article on "Quantum
   Computation," by David DiVincenzo of IBM Research, as
   summarized by the post of October 23.
   QUC_omp  (53 kb in three parts)
   (Math flubs by this ibm-qubity)

@_date: 1995-10-30 12:41:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: QUF_jpg 
We have scanned "Quantum Computation's" seven formulae    and six figures as JPEG graphics files and will send for a    quf1.jpg -- Formulae 1-7; 32 kb.
   quf2.jpg -- Figures 1 and 2; 72 kb.
   quf3.jpg -- Figures 3 and 4; 95 kb.
   quf4.jpg -- Figures 5 and 6; 72 kb.
   Or, we will mash'em up .TIF, .PCX, .GIF, or tire-smeared
   pigeon.
   QUF_jpg  (4-part package, or items selected)
   [or *_tif, *_pcx, *_gif, *_tsp]

@_date: 1995-10-31 02:16:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DOD_com 
10-30-95. Wash Rag:
   "Pentagon Plans More Espionage. Business Fronts Abroad
   Would Expand Efforts Of a Unified Service."
      The Defense Department has merged its separate covert
      intelligence operations and plans to expand its
      espionage abroad, starting with establishment of phony
      businesses overseas as cover, and has formed the Defense
      HUMINT (Human Intelligence) Service, or DHS. Under the
      fiscal 1996 intelligence authorization bill, the DHS has
      been given a trial period of three years to carry on
      commercial activities "to provide cover security to
      intelligence collection activities undertaken abroad."
      The authority "to provide bona fide commercial cover,"
      was so that DHS's covert operatives could "withstand
      detailed investigation by hostile foreign intelligence
      services as well as domestic scrutiny."
      ... scandal of the Army's Yellow Fruit op ...
      CIA case officers are working with DHS on the cover
      companies abroad; cooperation is needed because in
      recent years military spies overseas inadvertently had
      set up relations with foreigners known to be double
      agents.
      Sen. Bob Kerrey called on CIA Director John M. Deutch to
      "develop his human collectors, planning 10 or more years
      in advance for their peak usefulness," a reference to
      placing them abroad under deep cover for use in future
      crises.
   DOD_com  (8 kb)

@_date: 1995-09-03 05:35:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 260_xxx 
9-3-95. NYPaper:
   "It's a Hacker Meeting, So Hide Your Phones."
      Razor and Curious George showed up. Angstrom and
      Tigerboy and Cameo came, Rebel and Master Chemist, and
      the revered Emmanuel Goldstein. And there were dozens
      more, the illicit apparatus for filching pay-phone calls
      secreted deep in the pockets of shredded jeans, the
      hand-held Newton minicomputers at the ready. It was a
      time for all prudent people to hide their cellular
      phones and guard their calling cards, and for those who
      despise Nynex, Bell Atlantic and AT&T to rejoice.
      Because the electronic virtuosos in the public lobby of
      the Citicorp building at 53d Street and Lexington Avenue
      were networking to share clever and highly illegal ways
      of fooling the phone system and the corporate computer
      guard dogs meant to keep them out.
   260_xxx

@_date: 1995-09-03 05:38:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ARS_tug 
9-3-95. NYPaper:
   "Aircraft Carrier May Give Way To Missile Ship."
      The aircraft carrier may soon be shoved off center stage
      by a new "arsenal ship" that would be able to rain 500
      missiles within a matter of minutes on targets hundreds
      of miles away, without risking pilots' lives. A carrier
      costs $4.5 billion to build and $440 million a year to
      operate. The new ship, essentially a floating missile
      barge, might cost only $500 million and just tens of
      millions a year to run. The new ship would fire Tomahawk
      cruise missiles, long-range artillery shells or rocket
      barrages against ammunition dumps, command posts and
      artillery. It could prove particularly valuable in the
      early stages of a crisis, before ground troops were in
      place. It would travel with other ships and submarines
      for protection, and target information would be provided
      by other vessels, reconnaissance aircraft, pilotless
      drones or ground spotters. The 825-foot ship might
      require fewer than 20 people to operate, compared with
      the 5,000 aboard a 1,040-foot carrier.
   ARS_tug

@_date: 1995-09-03 08:25:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PEE_per 
9-3-95. NYPaper:
   "500,000 Clients, No Branches. Phone Banking Is Catching
   On."
      Bankers from around the world are making the pilgrimage
      to Leeds in the north of England for a miracle cure at
      their stagnant industry's equivalent of a Lourdes. Here
      is First Direct, a bank with half a million customers
      and not a single branch. It is the world's leading
      telephone-only bank; it is the fastest-growing bank in
      Britain. On the walls are sports stadium scoreboards,
      constantly flashing the number of customers on hold and
      how long they have been waiting. While a banker serves
      a customer, his computer screen is displaying all sorts
      of personal information about her. "No Adverse Risk"
      flashes at the top, indicating that the bank would be
      glad to loan her money. Also displayed is the fact that
      she is a 30-year-old single renter with a job as a
      project manager, along with a list of all the bank's
      prior contacts with her.
   PEE_per

@_date: 1995-09-04 05:47:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MAN_iax 
9-4-95. NYPaper:
   "Computers Beware! New Type of Virus Is Loose on the Net."
      A new and deceptively simple type of computer virus, one
      that can sneak past security devices by hitching rides
      on electronic mail and other common Internet files, is
      causing deep concern among computer security officials
      around the world. Mr. Schmidt of Sun says, "There are       criminals in the world and some of them are programmers.
      With computer networks, they have an amplifying effect       that they've never had before. If I were a criminal with       a gun, I might attack one person. But with a computer
      network, I can attack a million people at a time. It's
      like an atomic bomb." To avert a potential disaster,       Mr. Schmidt has enlisted three of the world's top       computer security experts, including Tsutomo Shimomura,       Dan Farmer and Whitfield Diffie.
   "Cybervirus Whodunit: Who Creates This Stuff?"
      Ms. Gordon conducted detailed interviews, by electronic
      mail, Internet chat, telephone and in person, with more
      than 60 virus writers. "The virus writer has been       characterized by some as a bad, evil, depraved, maniac,       terrorist, technopathic, genius gone mad, sociopath."       This, she said, "is a gross oversimplification of the       situation."
   "Dick Tracy, Eat Your Heart Out."
      Move over, Captain Midnight. Heads up, Mata Hari. Now
      anyone can have a real-life decoder ring. The ring has
      a computer chip encoded with an identification number
      that gives the wearer access to secret computer files or
      locked rooms. The chip transmits your secret ID number       or data at the space-age speed of 16,000 bits a second.
   Triplets: MAN_iax

@_date: 1995-09-07 17:55:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Key Escrow Papers 
We have scanned several of the handouts at the NIST Key
   Escrow Issues Meeting of September 6 (not present Sept 7).
   Perhaps someone, Pat Farrell or another, would be willing
   to make them available on a homepage or ftp site. If so we
   will send them over. If nobody volunteers we will send them
   by our puny e-mail contraption. Here's what we have ready
   to send:
   1. The outlines of meeting topics of Raymond Kammer of NIST
      and Michael Nelson of the White House. (7kb)
   2. Discussion Paper No. 4, "Example Potential Solutions for
      the Draft Export Criteria for Software Key Escrow
      Encryption," which offers example solutions for each of
      the ten criteria. (7kb)
   3. The Business Software Alliance's dissenting blast at the
      government's key escrow proposal and export limit. This
      paper was loudly applauded. (19kb)
   4. Trusted Informations Systems's "Thoughts on the NIST
      Escrow Issues Meeting Discussion Papers." (27kb in 2
      parts)
   5. TECSEC Incorporated's "Private Escrow Key Management: A
      Method and its Issues." (13kb)
   6. Dorothy Denning's "Comments on Draft Criteria for
      Software Key Escrow Exportability" and "Comments on
      Issues for Key Escrow Agents." (8kb)
   Two other papers will be scanned later:
   7. National Semiconductor's "Commercial Cryptography Ideas
      for Success" (9 pp. of large type) This contains
      graphics of the CAKE program and a "Proposed NIST Escrow
      Certificate Heirarchy" which cannot be easily
      distributed by us, so we offer this by fax.
   8. TECSEC's "The Merger of Technology and Cryptographic Key
      Management" (6 pp.).
   Note 1: It was Michael Nelson of the White House who said
   that the reason to maintain the 64-bit limit for export was
   because the key escrow methodology had not yet been proven
   reliable and that the security agencies insisted on the
   relatively weak system in case key escrow failed.
   Note 2: At the B-2 breakout session there was strong debate
   on a proposal for a "Criteria Zero":
      Before addressing any of the details of Criteria 3, 4
      and 9 as presented to us, Group B-2 registers its view
      that export under general license of strong encryption
      should not require key escrow.
   A vote on the proposal was 7 yes, 7 no and 13 absentions.
   It was not reported to the plenary session.

@_date: 1995-09-08 14:35:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 9K P6 
There's a bit more on Intel's supercomp virtual NW tester at:
     URL: Here's a sample:
Intel Scalable Systems Division
   Fortunately, advances in computer hardware and software    are making computer-based virtual weapons testing and prototyping a
   viable and affordable alternative to the traditional nuclear    non-nuclear testing of stockpile stewardship. The Intel    computer announced today is a key milestone in the shift from nuclear
   testing to computer-simulated testing.
  The ASCI Program
   Located within the DOE's Defense Programs (DP) laboratories, the U.S.
   Department of Energy's Accelerated Strategic Computing    (ASCI) is a multi-year program to extend DOE's computational    to support virtual testing and prototyping capabilities for    weapons. ...
   ASCI has four objectives, each of which requires    capabilities that are beyond the capabilities of existing      * Performance -- Create credible virtual tests to analyze        performance and predict the behavior of nuclear weapons.
     * Safety -- Predict the behavior of full weapons systems in complex
       accident scenarios.
     * Reliability -- Develop the ability to make predictions that will
       extend the lifetime of current weapons, predict failure        and reduce routine maintenance requirements.
     * Renewal -- Use virtual prototyping to reduce production        testing facilities for stockpile requalification and        work. ...
   Beyond its weapons safety impact, the teraflop computer will have a
   wide range of other applications -- from developing safer,    efficient cars to simulating natural disasters in real-time to finding
   new drugs to fight disease. The machine will be one of the    foremost scientific research tools and will act as a magnet    advanced research projects.
   In 1963, John Kennedy referred to a test ban treaty as a shaft of
   light cut into the darkness of the Cold War -- a chance to step back
   from the shadows of war. Today, by making it possible to ensure the
   safety, reliability, and performance of the weapons stockpile while
   foregoing nuclear testing, the Intel/Sandia teraflop computer can help
   the world take a further step back from the shadows of war into the
   light of peace.

@_date: 1995-09-10 07:14:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PGP in UK and GAK 
Responding to msg by anonymous-remailer at shell.portal.com () on Sun, 10 Sep  2:8  AM
   Picking up the possible mandated use of key escrow in the
   UK:
   There was chat at the NIST key escrow meeting that low-bit
   key escrow may be the global policy in the works among
   governments. With a blanket outlawing of all non-escrowed
   systems. And, that US key escrow and 64-bit export policy
   is a harbinger of domestic regulation.
   A fed at the B-2 breakout session imperiously barked the
   mantra chanted by several feds at the general meeting, "64-
   bit encryption is what industry asked for, why are you now
   complaining."
   To the counter-question, "what industry are you referring
   to?" the answer was always just "industry."
   The USG's latest key escrow policy, the NIST meetings and
   the Intellectual Cryptography Insitute's conference "Global
   Challenges" posted here may be the surfacing of a well-
   orchestrated government and "industry" collusion on this
   issue. Note the common ever-present attendees of both NIST
   and the ICI meetings.
   Certainly, some "industry" spokespersons like "Daughter of
   Clipper" Denning presume by their tone of writing that key
   escrow is on its way to supremacy, with only quibbling left
   on the criteria for acceptably "competitive" variations.
   The NIST handouts of industry players seem to bear this out
   as well, even as some join the public kibitzing. Perhaps
   their raz, and that of BSA, is just a diverting smokescreen
   to induce complacency -- or squeaking wheels to get USG
   attention for sweetheart contracts.
   Maybe they've already met privately with USG reps to get
   rewarded with a piece of the PGP/non-escrow clamp-down biz
   -- more venerable suckling of national security kabooty as
   advised by smart-varmints like ex-NSA Mr. Stewart
   Abercrombie Baker, Every-meet-attending-Esq.
   I wonder if Mrs. Denning and Mr. Baker are advising their
   sweating crypto clients, "if you can't beat 'em, join 'em,
   the international escrow train is leaving the station,
   better get on before it's too late."
   While fretting of derailment by hackers, or worse, by
   international security agencies paranoid of gov-biz
   complicity to take over the "if you knew what I knew"
   crypto-protected cornucopia.
   Wonder who's really engineering this GAK Limited runaway?
   Does anybody know David Kahn well enough to ask what he's
   finding as NSA Visiting Historian -- in the archives and in
   the job-insecure-spook resumes heat-seeking crypto fires?

@_date: 1995-09-10 17:10:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IP6_pi2 
IEEE Spectrum, September, 1995:
   Excerpt on Net security from "Upgrading the Internet," a
   roundtable discussion of the Internet Society on the next
   generation of Internet protocols, IP Version 6.
   Discussants: Vinton Cerf, Stephen Deering, Christian
   Huitema, Haruhisa Ishida, Larry Landweber, Eric Schmidt,
   Lixia Zhang.
      A most important aspect of the IPv6 is the somewhat
      controversial decision to require that all v6
      implementations support strong privacy and strong
      authentication. At this level, all of the security
      problems won't be solved, but we can authenticate and
      maintain privacy of packets that flow from one machine
      to another. This will eliminate many security threats in
      the current Internet, such as source-address-spoofing,
      source-related routing attacks, password sniffing,
      connection hijacking, and so on.
   New Scientist, Sept 9, 1995: "Watching you, watching us."
      Companies that sell electronic surveillance equipment to
      repressive regimes face the prospect of being "outed" on
      the Internet this autumn. Two electronic watchdogs, the
      British group Privacy International (PI) and its
      American sister organisation the Electronic Privacy
      Information Centre (EPIC), are setting up an offshore
      Internet site that will name companies that sell
      electronic instruments of repression to governments with
      poor records on human rights.
   IPI-pair: IP6_pi2 (13kb)

@_date: 1995-09-11 06:17:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on GAK 
The New York Times, September 11, 1995, p. D7.
   Technology / Peter H. Lewis
   On The Net. Privacy for computers? Clinton sets the stage
   for a debate on data encryption.
   In terms of its ability to raise the nation's blood
   pressure, the debate over data encryption has not yet
   reached the same levels as gun control.
   But last week the Clinton Administration appeared to set
   the stage for an equally divisive debate over the degree to
   which businesses and individuals have the right to keep
   secrets when using telephones, computers and other forms of
   electronic communications.
   In two days of public hearings last week in Gaithersburg,
   Md., home of the National Institute of Standards and
   Technology, the Administration introduced its long-awaited
   proposals to relax restrictions on the export of
   cryptographic software.
   The Administration drew a line in the virtual sands of
   cyberspace, signaling that it is willing to permit
   Americans to put stronger cryptographic locks on their
   electronic data only if a spare key to those locks is made
   available on demand to law-enforcement agencies.
   There looms the conflict. Although the debate is about
   export controls the "export" issue is irrelevant in today's
   era of global electronic networks. Placing a common privacy
   program on an Internet computer in Austin, Tex., is
   effectively no different from sending a shrink-wrapped copy
   of the program to Moscow.
   The real issue is how much privacy the Government is
   willing to allow its own citizens, and the latest word from
   the Clinton Administration is that the right to electronic
   privacy, like the right to bear arms, is not absolute.
   Cryptography is the science of secret writing. In this
   digital era, it applies not just to notes, but also to
   telephone calls, money transfers, bank and credit card
   records, electronic mail, faxes and other computer files.
   The Clinton Administration's goal is to allow Americans to
   use the strongest possible cryptographic technology, while
   at the same time preserving the ability of law-enforcement
   agencies to perform court-authorized wiretaps as part of
   the effort to catch drug dealers, terrorists, child
   pornographers and other miscreants.
   In other words, it favors strong cryptography, but not too
   strong.
   The strength of cryptographic software is measured by the
   length of the software key necessary to encode and decode
   a message. The longer the key, the harder it is for an
   unauthorized user to decipher the message.
   In recent years, the Government has generally permitted
   Americans to export cryptographic software with key lengths
   up to 40 bits. Experts say that 40-bit keys are secure from
   casual snooping, but will fall quickly to a determined
   codebreaker.
   Last week, after more than a year of intense analysis, the
   Government introduced what it said was the best possible
   compromise.
   Under the new policy, companies can export encryption
   algorithms using 64-bit keys, which are much more secure,
   but only if spare keys are given to "escrow agents" who
   would make them available to lawenforcement agents under
   standard legal procedures, similar to legal wiretaps
   authorized by a judge. Otherwise, the 40-bit limit
   continues to apply.
   Such a "key escrow" scheme is anathema to many privacy
   advocates who fear Government abuses. The Government first
   proposed a key escrow system with its so-called Clipper
   Chip, a technology that failed to win acceptance even as a
   voluntary standard.
   The new scheme is somewhat more palatable than Clipper. Key
   escrow is still unpopular with American computer and
   software companies, which say it prevents them from
   competing against foreign companies that have no similar
   constraints, and with many multinational corporations,
   which say it prevents them from working with foreign
   companies that do not especially care for the idea of Uncle
   Sam holding the keys to their data banks.
   "If this was intended to be any sort of compromise, I don't
   think it achieved its end," said Whitfield Diffie, a Sun
   Microsystems enginePs who attended the meetings. "I didn't
   see anybody who was enthusiastic."
   Raymond G. Kammer, deputy director of N.l.S.T., suggested
   that the hearings last week were intended to elicit public
   comment, and that the Administration's final position on
   cryptographic policy were still under analysis.
   But the emergence of key escrow issues at the N.l.S.T.
   proceedings suggests that key escrow is emerging as a
   nonnegotiable demand by some factions of the Clinton
   Administration, especially the Justice Department and the
   Federal Bureau of Investigation, led by Louis Freeh.
   "If this fails," said a figure familiar with the
   Administration's thinking on the proposed change in
   cryptographic policy, "it's going to lead to a very
   divisive debate. And the irony, for libertarians who oppose
   key escrow, is that if it fails, I am convinced that Louis
   Freeh cannot be true to his job without proposing domestic
   controls on data encryption."
   "He's not going to give up without a fight, and neither is
   the Justice Department," said the figure, who spoke on the
   condition he not be identified.
   Others say they do not think the Clinton Administration has
   yet arrived at a concrete position, even after more than a
   year of study and debate. "I don't think it's a final
   offer," said John Gilmore, an engineer at Cygnus Support,
   a computer company in Mountain View, Calif. "It looks to me
   like a weak strawman, a first offer, a proposal to dance."
   The question is whether American citizens and businesses
   have the patience to wait for the music to start. And the
   issue may be moot, anyway because the Internet is no more
   controlled by the United States than is the United Nations.
   "The Internet Architecture Board has specifically decided
   to ignore export controls in designing the security
   infrastructure for the next generation of Internet
   protocols," Mr. Gilmore said. "The Internet of 1998 will
   provide automatic, secure, and fully private communication,
   without key escrow, internationally."
   In other words, the Internet community is already planning
   to jump over the new line in the sand drawn last week by
   the Administration. Cryptogrophy that is stronger than the
   Government's proposed system will be built into the
   Internet by a dozen countries, and American companies and
   individuals would be foolish not to use it.
   At that point, millions of Americans will come into direct
   conflict with Government policy, and the popular
   gun-control bumper sticker may be replaced by one that says
   "If cryptography is outlawed, only outlaws will have
   cryptography."
   [End]

@_date: 1995-09-11 09:13:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: VER_tgo 
9-11-95. W$Japer:
   "VeriFone Expected to Announce System For Purchasing Goods
   on the Internet."
      VeriFone, Inc., which manufactures terminals through
      which merchants scan consumers' credit cards for
      authorization, said it will provide merchants who wish
      to market goods on the global computer network with a
      complete set of tools to handle electronic cash,
      electronic checks and credit-card payments. The system
      consists of four different products: A consumer would
      use the software equivalent of a wallet, which could
      include different forms of payment, such as electronic
      checks, cash, or credit cards to purchase goods. The
      consumer would also use a smartcard inserted in a device
      connected to a PC to verify his identity. The card would
      also contain other cardholder information and eventually
      could include electronic cash.
   Philips and Oracle Plan Electronic Mail Without Use of PCs
      Philips Electronics NV and Oracle Corp. plan to offer
      electronic mail without personal computers, using
      Philips phones that have small display screens and
      keyboards. Gerrit Schipper, president of Philips Home
      Services, said the new e-mail service was designed to
      increase the services' value and appeal to the 70% of
      U.S. households that don't have PCs.
   2 go: VER_tgo (5 kb)

@_date: 1995-09-11 11:22:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NIST Hat Tricks 
A response to the quote below from your NIST Key Escrow web I got the full Discussion Paper  with all ten criteria from the main desk, along with others that seemed to be appearing as the day passed. (I'll fax a copies of any of the handouts to anyone wanting hardcopy. We scanned all handouts.)
In breakout session B-2, we were also given only that part of Paper  that dealt with our session's criteria 3, 4 and 9. It was passed out at the end of the meeting after discussion had ceased. We did not get a chance to discuss the "example potential solutions."
Strange procedure: it seemed as if NIST was sleight-of-handing prepared backup papers as if they anticipated resistance. Maybe there would have been more concessions or more rabbits pulled from the KE hat if there had been even louder "brrrrat-GAK."
Never too late to ask for those other trapped bunnies.
[Excerpt from Pat's web site]:
     * During the first breakout session, in the technical discussion of
       criteria # 5 and  an authorless (presumably government issued)
       "Example Potential Solutions" paper was distributed. It caused a
       lot of grumbling amongst the attendees, as they were supposed to
       discuss it, without any prior chance to read or react to it. Here
       are two versions of it, First, Anonymous Sample Solutions (HTML by
       PDF) and a simple ASCII version Sample Solutions (ASCII text by
       John Young)
       I have not seen an electronic version of the paper that        received. It contains the following paragraph:
       "Example Solutions to export criteria 5 and 6 are        below to help give a better feel for approaches that        may take to satisfy the criteria. The information in this paper is
       not intended to represent fail-sfe, cookie cutter solutions to the
       criteria, but only to generate more detailed        It is also interesting to note that John Young has an        document with all of the sample solutions (a solution for each of
       the ten criteria. I never saw a paper document with all        solutions. The one that was handed to me had only two criteria,        and  I talked to attendees of other breakouts, and they had
       received nothing.

@_date: 1995-09-12 08:00:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NRO_puf 
9-12-95. NYPaper:
   "Spy Satellites' Early Role As 'Floodlight' Coming Clear."
      Corona. Everything about it was beyond top secret -- its
      name and history, builders and operators, cameras and
      orbits, photographs and interpreters and, most important
      of all, what it snooped on from space. It was officially
      and assiduously treated for decades as if it did not
      exist. The 95 Corona satellites that successfully
      conducted espionage from 1960 to 1972 turn out to have
      been remarkably advanced tools whose development, far
      from the work of an inner circle, drew on the nation's
      top scientific and industrial talent. More important,
      the new disclosures show just how greatly the craft
      revolutionized Washington's ability to understand its
      cold war friends and enemies.
      Sergei Khrushchev, son of the Soviet leader Nikita S.
      Khrushchev, told the Itek conference that one Corona
      film pod dropped into a Russian forest, where
      ax-wielding woodsmen chopped it up. Another spy
      satellite misdirected its film pod into a field in
      central Asia, where peasants wrapped the precious Kodak
      film around poles to provide solitude for a privy.
   NRO_puf  (16 kb)

@_date: 1995-09-12 08:05:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: VOO_doo 
9-12-95. NYPaper:
   "Bulletin Board Is Virtual; Hacker Arrests Are Real."
      It was a classic sting operation, the kind of undercover
      gambit that has nabbed bad guys for decades. But the
      meeting place for this subterfuge was not some grimy
      storefront. It was a computer bulletin board that the
      United States Secret Service had rigged together to
      troll for people who are illegally trafficking in the
      codes that program cellular phones.
   " 'Innocent' Files Can Carry a Virus."
      A new kind of computer virus has descended upon the
      world. How easy is it to create one? Fifteen minutes
      after opening a Microsoft Word reference manual, I had
      cranked out a one-line program that could eliminate
      crucial system files from a hard drive. By bedtime I had
      figured out how to get this file to transmogrify Word
      itself so it would embed my trick program in any
      document it opened. In an evening, I had created a virus
      of my very own. This is scary stuff. Scarier still is
      that if I can do it, millions of others can too.
      Henceforth virtually every document on the information
      highway must be considered suspect.    2: VOO_doo

@_date: 1995-09-12 13:51:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GAK/weak crypto rationale? 
Responding to msg by Andrew.Spring at ping.be (Andrew Spring) on Tue, 12 Sep  7:3  PM
   In response to an audience question about wiretaps and
   crypto, Mr. Michael Nelson of the White House said at the
   NIST GAK meeting (paraphrased):
      We are not concerned with bad people using crypto among
      themselves, we can handle that. We are more concerned
      with their using crypto to communicate with regular
      folks, to make legitimate arrangements -- finance,
      supplies, travel, and so on -- for their nefarious
      deeds. It's the intermix of the bad with the good that's
      the problem.
   Maybe someone else at the meeting heard this differently
   and will comment, but this seems to mean that the Feds can
   track, and maybe crack, the crypto-intercomm of "bad
   people" so long as it is not buried in a torrent of public
   crypto use. And not commingled with lawful, ECPA-
   protected(?), communication.
   Anybody want to elaborate what Mr. Nelson was implying
   about wiretaps and crypto?

@_date: 1995-09-13 05:44:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GAK/weak crypto rationale? 
Responding to msg by futplex at pseudonym.com (Futplex) on Wed, 13 Sep  2:11 AM
   "Bad people" is my euphemism for Mr. Nelson's "terrorist"    -- which brought snorts from the audience.
   Yes, his statement about not being concerned with crypto
   use among terrorists was surprising.
   On a verbatim transcript: Mr. Ed Roback of NIST, the KE
   meet director, said that a complete transcript of the
   proceedings will not be published, only a summary report at
   some point, and then, after the September 15 session,
   some version will appear in the Federal Register for public
   comment.
   The summary report should appear eventually at the NIST web
   site -- the CSSPAB site has reports for prior KE sessions
   in the annual reports.
   See  for 1994,
   and similar for earlier years, on key escrow documents.
   To amplify what Tim said, the CSSPAB site has very
   interesting docs.

@_date: 1995-09-13 07:48:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FUZ_fat 
9-13-95. W$Japer:
   "Software May Dry Up Money Laundering."
      Can artificial intelligence be used to combat crime by
      ferreting out money laundering? Officials at law
      enforcement, defense and intelligence agencies like to
      think so. They have suggested creating a sophisticated
      computer program to screen records of the more than
      700,000 electronic money transfers involving U.S.
      institutions each day and to flag suspicious ones for
      further investigation. By using AI, they hope to stop
      some of the $300 billion in profits from drug deals and
      other illegal activities that they estimate is laundered
      world-wide each year. But in a report issued yesterday,
      the congressional Office of Technology Assessment says
      any such plan would face considerable obstacles.
      [Cyberian Joel Reidenberg, an OTA advisor, is quoted.]
   FUZ_fat

@_date: 1995-09-14 05:23:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WAS_tem 
9-14-95. NYPaper.
   "Use of Computer Network For Child Sex Sets Off Raids."
      The Justice Department today announced a dozen arrests
      in a two year investigation into the use of America
      Online, the country's largest computer network, to
      distribute child pornography and to lure minors into
      sex. The culmination of the inquiry by the Federal
      Bureau of Investigation comes at a time when the agency
      has needed some favorable attention to offset a string
      of incidents that have cast it in a negative light.
   "Scientologists Lose a Battle on the Internet."
      Upholding free speech on the Internet, a Federal judge
      has ordered the Church of Scientology to return
      computers and files seized here last month from two men
      who used a computer bulletin board to disseminate
      information critical of the church. The equipment
      belongs to Factnet, an anti-Scientology bulletin board
      run by two Boulder men, Lawrence Wollersheim and Robert
      Penny.
   2x: WAS_tem  (16 kb)

@_date: 1995-09-14 17:47:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Celco Sting 
There's more on the cell-phone sting reported in the NYT Tuesday at:
   URL: gopher://justice2.usdoj.gov/00/usao/new_jersey/nj62.txt
   Secret Service "Operation Cybersnare"
   Arrested late Friday were:
   "Chillin," "Led," "Alpha Bits," "Mmind," "Cellfone" and    A computer "hacker" is an individual with expertise in    unauthorized entry into computer systems.

@_date: 1995-09-15 05:23:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: VIO_lat 
9-15-95. NYPaper:
   "Company Says Electronic Mail Was Opened to Find
   Pornography."
      America Online gave the FBI access to the mailboxes of
      its subscribers to identify several thousand users who
      viewed images of children in sexual poses and to trace
      messages beyond AOL to many more computer users
      nationwide. Because electronic mail has a life of days
      or weeks, can be traced and can be easily copied without
      alerting the owner, reading the mailboxes was
      particularly effective. It was unclear how much
      information about subscribers is routinely kept and how
      much private information was provided to the FBI.
      Actions of users can be recorded and can reveal much
      more personal information than the records a telephone
      company.
   "F.B.I. Chemist Says Experts Are Pressured To Skew Tests."
      Officials at the F.B.I. crime laboratory have been
      accused by one of its chemists, Frederic Whitehurst, of
      pressuring forensic experts to commit perjury to help
      secure criminal convictions. With opinion polls showing
      public support for the F.B.I. eroding after
      Congressional hearings into the Branch Davidian siege,
      the accusations regarding the laboratory are in some
      ways the worst blow yet.
   Two:  VIO_lat  (11 kb)

@_date: 1995-09-16 05:19:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: HRT_web 
9-16-95. NYPaper Page Oner:
   "Computer Stings Gain Favor As Arrests for Smut Increase."
      The F.B.I. has plans for its own web to fight computer
      crimes. As arrests continued in a high-tech drive
      against the peddling of child pornography on the
      nation's largest computer network, the Federal
      authorities said today that they expected to apply the
      same surveillance techniques to fight many other
      computer-related crimes, from consumer and securities
      fraud to money laundering. One way of combating these
      crimes, they said, will be for Federal agents to go
      undercover and appear as prey for unwitting criminals.
      Timothy McNally of the F.B.I.said that while the
      traditional form of surveillance included activities
      like waiting in cars and watching suspects for hours,
      "the playing field has now changed" and now requires
      agents to become more proficient in using computers to
      thwart crimes.
      But some civil liberties experts expressed alarm at the
      latest surveillance technique, saying it would have a
      chilling effect on what is now a freewheeling medium.
   HRT_web  (9 kb)

@_date: 1995-09-17 16:25:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CYPHERPUNK considered harmful. 
Responding to msg by unicorn at polaris.mindport.net (Black Unicorn) on Sun, 17 Sep  6:39 PM
What are the prospects of privacy-enhancing programing funded by contributors for non-commercial, non-governmental, "fully public software?" I would tithe, modestly but durably, to such work if I believed the promise. They call me Ishmael Sixpack.
John Gilmore's (and others'?) underwriting toad is impressive. Along with the voluntary (?) effort of Hugh Daniels (and others, I don't know how toad survives).
What else might be done cypherpunk-wise if material resources were available? And under what conditions and arrangements? The discussion of Mixmaster commercialization is instructive. And Julf's and the other remailers survivability and longevity in the face of attacks.
How could the contributions be made without contaminating the product? No joke.
Or, are only individually initiated and self-funded programs trustworthy, when all is said and done? And no planned program as rewarding as the eclectic irregulated.
And bartering and bickering and rending and mending the only reputable method of exchange of the tumultuous souk.

@_date: 1995-09-18 18:10:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Netscape SSL Crack 
WQXR, the New York Times radio station, just reported on the crack, citing Markoff's article tomorrow. Says Netscape plans a fix, perhaps as early as tomorrow.
We'll get a late-night copy and post it.

@_date: 1995-09-18 20:35:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Netscape Crack 
The New York Times, September 19, 1995, pp. A1, D21.
   Security Flaw Is Discovered In Software Used in Shopping
   By John Markoff
   San Francisco, Sept. 18 -- A serious security flaw has been
   discovered in Netscape, the most popular software used for
   computer transactions over the Internet's World Wide Web,
   threatening to cast a chill over the emerging market for
   electronic commerce.
   The flaw, which could enable a knowledgeable criminal to
   use a computer to break Netscape's security coding system
   in less than a minute, means that no one using the software
   can be certain of protecting credit card information, bank
   account numbers or other types of information that Netscape
   is supposed to keep private during on-line transactions.
   The weakness was identified by two first-year graduate
   students in computer science at the University of
   California at Berkeley, who published their findings on an
   Internet mailing list Sunday evening.
   Although the Netscape Communications Corporation, which
   produces the software, said today that the flaw could be
   fixed and that new copies of the software would be
   distributed as early as next week, Internet experts said
   the discovery underscored the danger of assuming that any
   computer security system was safe.
   "There needs to be much more public auditability in the way
   these financial security systems are designed and
   implemented," said Eric Hughes, president of Open Financial
   Networks, a company in Berkeley that is developing Internet
   commerce systems.
   The Netscape software is already used by an estimated eight
   million people for navigating the World Wide Web portion of
   the Internet. On the Web, thousands of companies offer
   text, images, video and audio information, much of it as a
   way of advertising or directly selling goods and services.
   Because the Netscape software is not only easy to use but
   has also been promoted as a secure way of dealing with
   personal and financial information, it has been seen as the
   emerging de facto standard for on-line commerce.
   Already, a diverse group of companies -- including Wells
   Fargo Bank, MCI Communications, Internet Shopping Network
   and Virtual Vineyards -- have adopted Netscape as the
   vehicle for checking bank balances, catalogue shopping or
   buying wine on line.
   Although Internet experts agreed with the company's
   assessment that the flaw could be fixed and that it posed
   no risk to people who use the World Wide Web only to
   retrieve nonsensitive data, the security problem's
   disclosure may represent a public relations setback for
   Netscape Communications and an inconvenience to millions of
   people who may feel a need to replace the version of
   Netscape installed on their computers. Last month the
   company's shares began public trading and had one of the
   most successful first days in Wall Street's history,
   largely on the resounding popularity of the Netscape
   software.
   Today, as word of the security flaw circulated only within
   fairly small circles of Internet users, Netscape's stock
   closed with a slight loss, down 75 cents, to $52.50, in low
   Nasdaq trading volume.
   The company said it would release a repaired version of the
   software within a week. Users will be able to download it
   free over the Internet, through the Netscape site on the
   World Wide Web (
   The company had previously announced a next-generation
   version of Netscape that it said would be more secure than
   the original, and it said today that it would release this
   updated version within the next few weeks. But first it
   will remove the newly disclosed flaw, which is currently in
   the new version.
   "The good news and the bad news of the Internet is that
   when you put something up there, many more people can test
   it," said Mike Homer, the vice president of marketing at
   Netscape. "You also give yourself the opportunity of having
   people point things out which you can fix quickly."
   The company so far has distributed most copies of its
   program free over the Internet, under a strategy of making
   its money from commercial customers who use Netscape to
   provide services or for other business applications over
   the World Wide Web. So replacing the copies will not be an
   expensive undertaking.
   Instead, for Netscape Communications and for other
   companies betting their futures on the Internet, the real
   cost of this disclosure may be in the public's shaken
   confidence in the ability of computer companies to insure
   privacy and security for on-line commerce.
   The weakness in Netscape's security was discovered by Ian
   Goldberg, 22, and David Wagner, 21, two computer science
   students who share an office at the university and who also
   share an interest in the arcane science of cryptography,
   which is becoming increasingly important for business as
   companies begin to explore electronic commerce.
   The two students said they had decided to put the software
   to a test in an effort to raise public concern about
   placing too much trust in unproved electronic security
   systems.
   Netscape's security is based on a type of coding technology
   known generically as public key cryptography in which users
   exchange mathematically generated numbers -- or keys -- to
   encode or decode information. In such systems, a new key is
   created for each information exchange, based on a
   mathematical formula that is combined with numbers
   supposedly known only to the sender or recipient.
   The students found that by determining how Netscape's
   formula generated the number used as a starting point for
   creating a key, they were able to greatly reduce the
   potential combinations that would unlock the code. The
   starting-point number turned out to be based on the time
   and date of the transaction, combined with several other
   unique bits of information taken from a user's computer
   system -- bits of information that an electronic intruder
   could determine, if he were intent on intercepting a
   Netscape user's transactions.
   Knowing how the starting-point number was created greatly
   reduced the other possible components of the formula -- and
   the students found they were able to break the code in a
   matter of seconds using a standard computer work station.
   Netscape officials said today that they would strengthen
   the system, by making it significantly harder to determine
   the random number at the heart of their coding system. They
   said they would no longer disclose what data would be used
   to generate the random numbers.
   The announcement of the flaw was posted Sunday night on a
   computer network mailing list maintained by an informal
   group known as Cypherpunks. The group, which is made up of
   mathematicians, computer experts and privacy advocates, has
   been campaigning for more effective electronic security
   systems.
   The discovery is the second reported security weakness in
   the Netscape program to be posted on the Cypherpunks list
   in the last month. In August, Damien Doligez, a student at
   the Ecole Polytechnique in Paris, used a network of 120
   computers, running for eight days, to generate a Netscape
   secret key. But his was a "brute force" attack, requiring
   the computers to sample a vast range of numbers before
   coming up with a key that would break the code.
   The Berkeley students, in contrast, by identifying a basic
   flaw in the way Netscape set up its security system, were
   able to narrowly focus their attack to quickly break the
   code, with far less computer power.
   [End]

@_date: 1995-09-18 21:20:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FC's Opus 
The NY Times reports in tomorrow's paper that it and The Washington Post are publishing the Unabomber's 35,000-word manifesto as a separate pullout in The Washington Post tomorrow, as advised by AG Reno and FBI Director Freeh.

@_date: 1995-09-18 22:03:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FC's Opus 
Radio is blaring it out on KFAN and ABC RADIO now.
What if all it is,
a Detweiler tentacle?
Love Always,
Carol Anne.....coming to DC and NYC soon
The NY Times reports in tomorrow's paper that it and The Washington Post are publishing the Unabomber's 35,000-word manifesto as a separate pullout in The Washington Post tomorrow, as advised by AG Reno and FBI Director Freeh.

@_date: 1995-09-19 06:30:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Unabomber ? 
Both the Times and Post report that only the Post is publishing the FC-piece.
I'm scanning it now and will offer it in a while -- it's a long, long pole.
I'll ask by this post if someone wants to offer it FTP, I can only do multiple e-mail bites from this hole.

@_date: 1995-09-19 14:10:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SUP_con 
9-19-95. WashRag:
   "U.S. Agencies at Odds On Computer Exports."
      The State, Commerce and Defense departments are pushing
      for a loosening of federal controls on the export of
      U.S. supercomputers to all but a few developing nations,
      a move that would put extraordinary computing power into
      the hands of governments that have long been denied it.
      The proposal also has collected strong support from the
      computer industry but has provoked criticism from the
      Energy Department and the Arms Control and Disarmament
      Agency. Advocates of the plan want President Clinton to
      announce the new, weaker export limits during a proposed
      visit to a computer factory in California's Silicon
      Valley on Thursday. [No crypto mentioned.]
   "French Nuclear Program Closely Tied to U.S. Sharing of
   Sensitive Codes, Access to California Labs to Expand."
      Despite its claims of developing an independent nuclear
      deterrent, France has long relied on the U.S. for some
      of the most sophisticated technologies needed to upgrade
      and maintain a modern nuclear arsenal. Although known to
      specialists, the U.S.-French nuclear links have been
      little discussed over the years. Officials are currently
      are trying to negotiate an arrangement under which the
      two sides will begin to share sensitive computer codes
      that describe how bombs behave when they are detonated.
      France needs the data to make full use of access to two
      sophisticated new U.S. nuclear weapons research
      facilities that Washington has quietly offered French
      weapons experts.
   Deux: SUP_con  (15 kb)

@_date: 1995-09-25 10:06:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WSJ on Netscape Hole 3 
The Wall Street Journal, September 25, 1995, p. B12.
   Netscape Software for Cruising Internet Is Found to Have
   Another Security Flaw
   By Jared Sandberg
   Another security flaw that has long plagued the Internet
   has been found in software by Netscape Communications Corp.
   and others, raising concerns for the privacy and safety of
   information on the global computer network.
   The flaw in Netscape's popular Navigator software, which
   helps users cruise the multimedia portion of the Internet
   known as the World Wide Web, is the third defect in the
   software discovered by the "Cypherpunks" discussion group
   in little over a month. Members of the Cypherpunk group,
   which includes mathematicians and hackers who discuss the
   security method of cryptography, last month broke
   Netscape's "key" that protects sensitive data by "brute
   force" -- the use of massive computing power. Last week,
   other members found a flaw that could let hackers
   essentially pick the lock in Netscape's software.
   Unlike the prior glitches, however, the latest flaw doesn't
   lend itself to the theft of multiple credit-card numbers.
   Instead, it could allow a savvy hacker to damage an
   Internet user's computer, such as crashing the computer or
   deleting files.
   "This is just another indication that Netscape isn't being
   careful," said William Cheswick, a security researcher at
   AT&T Corp.'s Bell Laboratories.
   Still, he said, the flaw goes well beyond Netscape. It
   first reared its head seven years ago when Cornell graduate
   student Robert Morris used it to create a "worm" that
   crippled thousands of computers on the Internet. Last
   February, the same kind of flaw was found in the popular
   Mosaic program created by the University of Illinois. But
   that strain of the flaw was more serious than its latest
   appearance because it affected the computers that store
   many users' credit-card numbers. Now experts are
   discovering that the flaw shows up in other so-called Web
   browsers such as Links and Arena.
   "We're so glad that the network dog dances, we don't
   realize that it's rabid," Mr. Cheswick said of the
   programming quality of many software packages.
   Marc Andreessen, vice president of technology at Netscape,
   said the company will issue fixes for the recent glitches
   later this week. He added that it's unclear whether
   anything other than temporarily crashing a user's computer
   could result trom the recent flaw. But, he said, once users
   adopt the modified software, "this won't be around long
   enough to cause a problem."
   Some, however, worry that another variation of the flaw
   will prove more difficult to cope with in the coming
   months. Bruce Fancher, president of Phantom Access
   Technologies Inc., operator of the Mindvox Internet access
   service, said a variation of the security hole has been
   found in several Unix software packages, which run on
   thousands of Internet computers that contain user's
   credit-card numbers and other personal information. It
   could cause far more damage than the Netscape flaw, he
   said. "This is going to be a big problem," warned Mr.
   Fancher, adding that he's been told that hackers are
   already devising software toolkits to exploit the hole.
   "This flaw is an easy mistake to make, but it's also easy
   to fix," he said.
   The latest flaw came to light early Friday morning when a
   reader of the Cypherpunk mailing list discovered the glitch
   and posted a message to the Internet. Basically, the
   software on an end-user's machine allows for commands that
   are too long, letting an intruder tack on an extra line of
   damaging code that could crash the computer. Instead, the
   software should verify the length of the commands that
   computers accept.
   Security buffs concede that the recent round of security
   glitches found in several pieces of software, including a
   virus found in Microsoft Corp.'s Word program and security
   problems at Amefica Online Inc., has shaken confidence in
   electronic commerce. But they say the publicity brings to
   light problems that will ultimately make software more
   secure. Richard Lethin, a graduate student at
   Massachusettes Institute of Technology who participates in
   the Cypherpunk discussion, said: "This technology for
   electronic commerce is ultimately going to be real
   important, but there might be some hiccups at the start."
   [End]

@_date: 1995-09-25 10:09:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: JAV_jiv 
9-25-95. NYPaper:
   "Making the PC Come Alive. A Software Language That Puts
   You in the Picture." By John Markoff
      A new computer language known as Java is an emerging
      technology that many industry experts expect to be the
      next big thing in computing. Just as popular World Wide
      Web "browser" software like Netscape has transformed the
      Web from a scientist's research tool into a consumer
      medium over the last two years, many computer industry
      researchers and executives predict that the Java
      programming language will transport the Web to the next
      level.
   JAV_jiv  (17 kb)

@_date: 1995-09-25 10:11:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Golden Coy Freeh 
The New York Times, January 25, 1995, p. D5.
   The F.B.I. Sting Operation on Child Pornography Raises
   Questions About Cryptography
   By Peter H. Lewis
   Federal agents swooped down on more than 125 homes and
   offices across the United States on Sept. 13, seizing
   computers and diskettes from people suspected of
   trafficking in child pornography over the America Online
   network. But to date, the number of arrests in the sting
   operation remains at 15.
   More arrests are expected, but why haven't more occurred?
   Last week, Louis J. Freeh, the director of the F.B.I.,
   offered an oblique explanation for the seemingly low
   initial success rate.
   At least some of the suspected child pornographers had used
   data encryption software, Mr. Freeh said Thursday in
   remarks at an International Cryptography Institute
   conference in Washington. In other words, they had
   scrambled their computer files so that only someone with
   the password -- or with proper code-breaking skills --
   could view the contents.
   Mr. Freeh wisely did not say whether the F.B.I. agents were
   able to decipher the encrypted files seized in the
   investigation. It would be foolhardy, from a
   law-enforcement perspective, to tip one's hand.
   If the head of the F.B.I. acknowledged that his agency was
   powerless to crack a cryptography program like Pretty Good
   Privacy, the stampede for that software on the Internet
   would make the run on Windows 95 look puny.
   From a political perspective, Mr. Freeh's coyness is shrewd
   as well. By making even a subtle suggestion that some child
   pornographers may walk free because of unbreakable
   cryptography, he gains more leverage in seeking
   Government-mandated controls over the use of encryption
   technology.
   Mr. Freeh said that encryption was a "public safety" issue,
   and he said law-enforcement agencies around the world "will
   not tolerate" the use of private data encryption to impede
   investigations. He said encryption had also been
   encountered in the Philippines in a plot to blow up an
   American jet and to assassinate Pope John Paul lI (in that
   case, at least, one can presume the code was cracked.)
   It seems worthwhile to point out that even if the suspects
   in the child pornography sting, called Operation Innocent
   Images, used cryptography, that did not provide evidence
   that they were doing something illegal. Our legal system is
   predicated on the belief that one is innocent unless proved
   guilty, and there is no exception clause for technology.
   "Fortunately we are not yet at the point where the mere use
   of encryption overcomes the presumption of innocence," said
   David Sobel, staff counsel for the Electronic Privacy
   Information Center in Washington.
   Another point to remember is that the F.B.I. identified
   more than 100 suspects, and gathered sufficient information
   to warrant raids, using existing laws and enforcement
   techniques. On the other hand, there is no denying that
   child pornographers use data encryption to keep co-workers,
   family members and police from discovering their secrets.
   "We are involved in a couple of jobs every week resolving
   some kind of a child pornography investigation," said Eric
   K. Thompson, president of Access Data Inc. of Orem, Utah,
   a private company that specializes in cracking encrypted
   files for corporations and Government agencies.
   The Government's elite codebreakers at the National
   Security Administration are prohibited by law from using
   their talents against American citizens. The F.B.I. has its
   own code-breaking experts, but it routinely calls on
   independent experts like Access Data to help on some cases.
   After eight years of breaking into encrypted files, ranging
   from situations involving secretaries who simply forgot
   their passwords for important memos to cases involving
   corporate computer systems that were encrypted by
   disgruntled employees, Mr. Thompson has concluded:
   "Basically, the criminal element is becoming more computer
   literate, and they are discovering encryption. Files are
   becoming more difficult to break."
   Dorothy Denning, an expert in cryptography and a professor
   of computer science at Georgetown University in Washington,
   said she recognized the importance of encryption for
   businesses seeking to protect information. At the same
   time, she said, she also recognized the problems that
   law-enforcement agencies face because of cryptography.
   "So many people had been saying people in law enforcement
   weren't having this problem, and I didn't believe that,"
   Dr. Denning said. So in May, she said, she spent two days
   calling sources at law-enforcement organizations. "I came
   up with over 20 cases -- child pornography, terrorism,
   murder, embezzlement fraud, tax protesters, export
   violations -- and, in some cases, they were able to crack
   it, and others they couldn't," she said.
   What can be done? The Administration's plan is to seek
   voluntary compliance with a "key escrow" plan, which would
   enable citizens to use strong, private cryptography as long
   as a copy of the software "key" were made available to law
   enforcement officials.
   Last week, Mr. Freeh stressed that he preferred a voluntary
   approach. But "if consensus is impossible" on the
   encryption issue, he said, the F.B.I. might consider other
   approaches.
   The debate is certain to heat up as more information about
   Operation Innocent Images becomes known. There are no
   comforting answers, only an echo of advice from a time
   predating the Internet: There is no solution. Seek it
   wisely.
   [End]

@_date: 1995-09-26 05:03:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Nscp Flaw 3 
The New York Times, September 26, 1995, p. D19.
   Hackers Alert Netscape to Another Flaw
   By Bloomberg Business News
   Mountain View, Calif., Sept. 25 -- The Netscape
   Communications Corporation said today that a third flaw had
   been discovered in its Internet access software by a group
   of computer hackers who call themselves the Cypherpunks.
   The hackers -- computer users and mathematicians who try to
   discover weaknesses in computer software and networks --
   found a design flaw that can shut down Netscape's Navigator
   browser software, which helps people travel on the
   Internet.
   Two American college students last week broke Netscape's
   software security code, a design flaw that could jeopardize
   financial transactions done using Navigator. A month
   earlier, a French hacker broke a different Netscape
   security code.
   "We are learning a lot from these problems," said Michael
   J. Homer, vice president of marketing at Netscape. Shares
   of the company, which sold its first stock to the public
   last month, rose $4.25 today to close at $67 in Nasdaq
   trading.
   The latest flaw found by the hacker group is a programming
   error in Netscape software used to navigate the World Wide
   Web, a part of the Internet made up of photos, sounds and
   drawings.
   End]

@_date: 1995-09-26 13:03:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IBE_dam 
9-26-95. W$Japer:
   "On-Line Service to Assist Global Trade."
      A group of multinational companies is expected to unveil
      today an on-line service to businesses to engage in
      international trade. Dubbed IBEX, it is a joint effort
      of AT&T, Dun & Bradstreet, General Electric and the U.S.
      Chamber of Commerce to let businesses use on-line
      traffic to line up suppliers, negotiate contracts, make
      and receive bids, and arrange the delivery of goods and
      services around the world. IBEX expects the backing of
      Chase Manhattan, Microsoft, DEC and Simon & Schuster.
      The IBEX software allows companies to sign on and submit
      a request for goods or services, which is posted
      anonymously. The request could be styled using an array
      of categories offered by the service, including
      location, product category, payment and shipping terms.
      The customer would then receive bids from businesses
      hoping to land the contract. Once a bid is chosen, the
      identities of the businesses are disclosed and
      negotiations begin. IBEX allows them to attach documents
      such as confidentiality agreements, contracts and
      purchase orders.
   IBE_dam  (5 kb)

@_date: 1995-09-26 17:57:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CHA_cha 
Worth Magazine, October, 1995, has a longish, easy-reading,
   supportive article on David Chaum and digital cash.
      Virtually alone among E-money thinkers, Chaum insists on
      creating anonymity for all transactions -- building a
      tamper-proof system that works just as "real" cash
      always has, from cowne shells to $100 bills. The key, he
      says, is this: Without the spender's say-so, no one
      should be able to trace who paid whom for what, whether
      a transaction takes place online or in a swipe of a card
      at a coffee shop. It's a libertarian approach in tune
      with Chaum's roots in freewheeling communities such as
      Berkeley and Amsterdam -- but it is anathema to control
      freaks like the FBI, the IRS, and corporate information
      marketers.
      Chaum says every digital-cash system but his has the
      potential to be abused or compromised -- and the math
      seems to bear him out. His competitors, however, insist
      their plans will prove plenty secure in practice. They
      dismiss Chaum as an incorrigible purist, a brilliant
      mathematician and innovator whose political views are
      hindering his chances of success.
      Like many in the digital elite, Chaum, an unabashed
      utopian, does want to create a new world. To him,
      electronic money is just the first consumer use of an
      arcane field he hopes will transform society:
      cryptology, the science of secret codes. In cyberspace,
      these codes can prove a powerful way of shielding a
      person's identity -- or of verifying an identity without
      giving away extra information. Armed with personal
      computers and good software, says Chaum, ordinary people
      will finally have the power to do and say things without
      being tracked by Big Brother.
   CHA_cha  (31 kb in two parts)

@_date: 1995-09-27 04:52:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: HP KEscrew 
The Wall Street Journal, Sept 27, 1995
   Hewlett Lobbies for Its Encryption Plan That Would
   Satisfy Tough Export Rules
   By Don Clark
   Hewlett-Packard Co. is pushing an unusual plan to
   protect electronic transactions around the world
   without running afoul of U.S. export laws.
   The Palo Alto, Calif., computer maker said it has been
   lobbying government agencies for more than a year to
   gain support for its proposal, which uses a
   data-scrambling technology to protect transactions
   from tampering or theft of data. Strong encryption
   technologies ordinarily fall under tough export rules
   that limit technologies which could impede U.S.
   wire-tapping capabilities, a source of continuing
   friction between the government and high-technology
   companies.
   H-P, in a plan developed with the French company
   Gemplus SCA, wants to split the code-making
   technologies into two pieces that would be approved
   under different government standards. One device,
   which could fit in a standard computer, would contain
   a basic encryption capability that is designed to be
   broadly exported without the need to seek a separate
   export license for each foreign user.
   Would Help Industry
   That device, dubbed an encryption engine, would be
   useless without the addition of another tiny piece of
   hardware that contains a code-making formula set at a
   specific strength. The second device, called a policy
   card, would be separately reviewed by the U.S. State
   Department for each customer.
   Government agencies, including codebreakers at the
   National Security Agency, would still have a say over
   the strength of encryption exports. But customers
   could build commercial applications around the
   proposed encryption engine, knowing that it will work
   with any code-making formula that governments might
   adopt in the future. Now they run the risk that their
   work will become obsolete amid policy changes in
   Washington, D.C., and other countries.
   State Department officials weren't immediately
   available for comment. Stewart Baker, a former NSA
   general counsel who now practices law in Washington,
   D.C., termed the H-P plan a clever answer to the
   problem of shifting government policy.
   "There was a lot of skepticism when H-P first proposed
   it," said Lynn McNulty, a former encryption specialist
   at the National Institute of Standards and Technology.
   "But it looks to me that they are well on the way to
   the next step."
   H-P Confident of Approval
   Doug McGowan, an H-P manager involved with the
   project, said he expects to receive U.S. approval by
   next year to begin shipping the encryption engine
   freely to Western Europe and Canada. "We believe we
   will receive relaxed export controls," he said.
   H-P's plan fits some of the NSA's objectives. For one
   thing, its technology embeds encryption technology in
   microchips that can't easily be modified by computer
   hackers or terrorists. H-P's policy cards also could
   be adapted for a controversial Clinton administration
   proposal called key escrow, in which mathematical keys
   to break codes could be stored for later use by law
   enforcement or intelligence agencies, Mr. McGowan
   said.
   The plan complements a parallel H-P effort to develop
   a new generation of "smart" data cards to let
   consumers buy goods and services around the world
   electronically. Gemplus, a huge supplier of credit and
   debit cards in Europe, is supplying technology to that
   effort along with Informix Corp., a database software
   maker in Menlo Park, Calif.
   Jeff Hudson, an Informix vice president, said the
   partners' proposed cards could store money and a
   database worth of personal information, such as
   medical records. That approach could eliminate the
   need to connect to multiple companies or agencies to
   manage such information, since it would be stored on
   each card, the companies said.
   [End]

@_date: 1995-09-27 05:03:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SSTarget 
The Wall Street Journal, Sept 27, 1995
   Microsoft and Visa Expected to Unveil Internet Technology
   By a WSJ Staff Reporter
   New York -- Microsoft Corp. and Visa International are
   expected to disclose details today of their technology for
   protecting commerce on the lnternet.
   The software company and bank clearinghouse have been
   working since last November on a plan for protecting
   creditcard numbers and other financial data from crooks, a
   major obstacle to the widespread use of computer networks
   for buying goods and services. As the largest players in
   software and credit cards, Microsoft and Visa wield
   considerable clout among a crowd of companies vying to set
   electronic-security standards.
   Their proposed specifications, calied Secure Transaction
   Technology, or STT, is partly based on a data-encryption
   technology popularized by RSA Data Security Inc., a closely
   held company in Redwood City, Calif.
   Other key players in the Internet-security race include
   MasterCard International Inc., the other name in bank
   cards, and Netscape Communications Corp., a leader in
   Internet software that has suffered some highly publicized
   security lapses lately. MasterCard announced plans to
   collaborate with Visa on security technology in June, but
   isn't expected to take part in the latest Visa-Microsoft
   announcement.
   [End]

@_date: 1995-09-27 05:35:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FT on NsCPunxsters 
Financial Times, Sept 27, 1995
   Cracks in the code
   Peter Martin calls for an easing of US restrictions on
   the export of encryption technology
   Encryption used to be a subject of interest only to spies
   and mathematicians. But the central role that the
   electronic transmission of information is playing in
   commerce and society make it now a technology of enormous
   practical relevance. Two recent stories out of many
   exemplify this trend.
   Citibank lost $400,000, it is alleged, to a Russian hacker
   who managed to crack its clients' passwords. The solution
   to this security problem: a new generation of encrypted
   passwords that are much harder to crack.
   And Netscape Navigator, the leading "browser" program for
   the Internet's fast-growing World Wide Web, has been shown
   to have flaws in its encryption routine. In theory at
   least, these make it possible for outsiders to read
   encrypted data sent over the net -- such as credit card
   numbers. Netscape acknowledges the problems and says it
   will have fixes available by today.
   Is this crucial technology vulnerable to determined attack
   by hackers and fraudsters?
   Before considering the question, remember that the
   introduction of any new technology highlights risks
   uncomplainingly borne for years. The safety precautions
   demanded of the Channel tunnel are one example, as compared
   with those required of traditional trains or ferries.
   Similarly, it is argued, people have been unhesitatingly
   using analogue mobile phones, reading credit card details
   over the telephone, and sending off faxes into the ether
   without any of the panic that now surrounds the issue of
   Internet security.
   The comparison is an instructive one, but not entirely
   fair. What worries Internet users is not so much that a
   determined enemy might target them for eavesdropping, or
   even that chance might put their credit card details in the
   hands of a dishonest person.
   Instead, they worry about the Internet's unstructured
   nature under which messages are passed from computer to
   computer across the world until they reach their final
   destination.
   In principle, this would allow a criminal to leave a
   "sniffer" program lurking, electronically, at one of the
   nodes, recognising credit card numbers as they passed by,
   and scooping them up for subsequent exploitation. People
   also fear an attack on the computers of merchants selling
   goods over the Internet -- each containing thousands of
   credit card numbers. The fear is thus not one of random
   theft but of systematic brigandage.
   Encryption is all that stops such fears paralysing
   electronic commerce before it has properly begun. It is
   therefore in the general public interest that effective
   encryption be widely available.
   The Netscape problem illustrates how easy it is for the
   inherent mathematical strengths of a modern encryption
   scheme to be overcome by an oversight in its supporting
   plumbing. One of the faults in Netscape's encryption, for
   example, stems from too predictable a method of generating
   the random numbers needed to make the scheme work.
   It also illustrates how, once a code-breaker's task is
   simplified by such a weakness, today's powerful networks of
   cheap computers make it quick to crack even the most
   sophisticated encryption schemes. The narrower the range of
   numbers through which the cracker's computers must sift in
   order to find a meaningful answer, the greater the
   probability of breaking the code within a useful amount of
   time.
   All the more reason, then, for non-Americans to view with
   dismay a US policy which restricts the international
   distribution of the most powerful forms of encryption. For
   national security reasons, the US insists that the version
   of Netscape sold outside North America must contain a
   weaker form of encryption than that available to Americans
   and Canadians.
   The international version is restricted to a 40-digit
   "key", while the North American version uses 128 digits.
   The longer the key, the greater the time and computing
   power required for the code to be cracked. In principle,
   given enough computing power, even a message encoded by a
   very long key could be cracked in time. In practice,
   however, the task of cracking many millions of messages to
   find one that is of interest makes messages secure as long
   as the key has enough digits.
   Amateur code-crackers claim to have broken the 40-digit
   version of the Netscape encryption scheme. Their claim is
   hard to verify. But there is no doubt of the weakness in
   the random-number generation procedure; Netscape has
   verified it.
   This fault is common to both North American and export
   versions of the program, so it does not result from the US
   government restrictions on key length. The occasion reminds
   us, however, that effective encryption is essential to the
   growth of electronic commerce. And it teaches us that
   simplifying the code-breaker's task -- by error in
   Netscape's case, by deliberate diktat in the case of the
   government restriction is an easy way to make transmissions
   vulnerable.
   There was never much justification for the US determination
   to weaken exported encryption products. There is less now.
   [End]
   NYT, Sept 27, 1995
   Russians Arrest 6 In Computer Thefts
   St. Petersburg, Russia, Sept 26 (AP) -- Russian police
   officers have arrested six more people in a $10 million
   computer theft from Citibank here, but the masterminds are
   said to remain at large.
   An officer in the organized crime division was quoted by
   the Itar-Tass news agency as saying that six people had
   been arrested in St. Petersburg on swindling charges
   stemming from the case involving Citibank, the chief unit
   of Citicorp. Weapons and tax-evaslon charges may also be
   filed.
   The police confiscated two computers and a number of
   computer diskettes, plus weapons and cash from the
   suspects.
   Bank and law-enforcement officials say a gang of thieves in
   St. Petersburg broke into Citlbank's electronic
   cash-management system scores ot times and transferred
   money into their own accounts.
   Several people have been arrested abroad and face charges
   in the United States, including Vladimir Levin, 28,
   reportedly the group's computer hacker.
   Citibank officials said they recovered all but $400,000 and
   upgraded the cash-management systems's electronic security
   after the theft.
   [End]
   FT, Sept 21, 1995.
   Extradition in Citibank hacking case
   A British court yesterday approved the extradition to the
   US of Mr Vladimir Levin, the Russian science graduate
   accused of an attempted $10m (6.5m pounds) computer hacking
   fraud on Citibank. ...
   Mr Levin has been charged in the UK with offences under the
   Computer Misuse Act, forgery and false accounting. The US
   authorities are now drawing up similar charges to bring
   against him.
   Mr Levin is one of six people arrested over the alleged
   attempted fraud on Citibank. An FBI inquiry into the
   incident is continuing and it is believed that others are
   still being sought.
   When Mr Levin is returned to the US, he is likely to be
   closely questioned by the authorities, who are anxious to
   discover more of the technical details of the alleged
   attempted fraud.
   Mr Levin, who was arrested earlier this year travelling
   through Stansted airport in the UK, would appeal against
   the court's decision, his lawyers said. He has 14 days to
   lodge an appeal to the High Court in London. ...
   [End]

@_date: 1995-09-28 05:08:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: STT_??? 
9-28-95. W$Japer:
   "Infighting Unravels Alliance Seeking Standard to Protect
   Internet Purchases."
      The consortium brought together such top players as
      credit-card rivals Visa International and MasterCard
      International Inc., software titan Microsoft Corp. and
      Internet upstart Netscape Communications Corp. But this
      week, the alliance split because of tensions between
      Visa and MasterCard and their respective technology
      partners -- Microsoft and Netscape.
      Regarding Netscape, Mr. Dent of Microsoft said the
      firm's security deficiencies that have recently come to
      light have "tainted" electronic commerce on the
      Internet. Mr. Dent also noted that Microsoft yesterday
      introduced new security technology, including means to
      verify a user's identity, that is much stronger than
      Netscape's.
   STT_???  (6 kb)

@_date: 1995-09-28 06:15:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 25 Crays a Year to Break STT 
Financial Times, September 28, 1995, p.1.
   Rivalry for Internet Security Grows
   By Louise Kehoe in San Francisco
   The Internet rivalry between Microsoft, the world's largest
   software company, and Netscape Communications increased
   yesterday when they announced competing encryption
   technology intended to ensure the security of financial
   transactions over the global computer network.
   Mr James Clark chairman of Netscape, the leading supplier
   of browser software that enables personal computer users to
   "surf" the Internet, also revealed the company had turned
   down a move by Microsoft to take a minority stake in
   Netscape earlier this year, before Netscape's public
   offering.
   Microsoft's encryption technology, developed with Visa
   International the credit card processing organisation, is
   intended to solve Internet security problems which have
   become a serious barrier to electronic commerce.
   Recent incidents, including the hacking of supposedly
   secure Internet software developed by Netscape, have
   heightened concerns about sending sensitive data such as
   credit card numbers over the Internet.
   Microsoft said its Secure Transaction Technology (STT), was
   designed to provide a much higher level of security for
   credit card transactions on the Internet. Netscape's
   general purpose encryption system uses a 40 or 128-bit
   electronic "key", while STT will use 2,000-bit keys.
   "By Christmas of 1996 you will be able to shop on the
   Internet to your heart's content, without even thinking
   about security," said Mr Warren Dent, Microsoft director of
   business development for consumer systems.
   Although no encryption system was totally secure, Mr Dent
   estimated it would take "25 Cray supercomputers a year" to
   break the STT codes.
   Netscape, however, said a new version of its Navigator
   software, which will become available next week will
   provide the same level of security. Netscape's "Secure
   Courier" technology has been developed in conjunction with
   MasterCard, Visa's credit card rival.
   To encourage widespread adoption of STT, Microsoft and Visa
   are making its technical specifications available at no
   charge to third parties to allow them to develop software.
   Netscape said Microsoft is expecting to charge transaction
   fees each time the STT technology is used.
   Commercial software products incorporating STT are expected
   to be available by April, Microsoft said. Netscape says
   Secure Courier will be available sooner.
   [End]

@_date: 1996-04-01 16:35:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EMO_ney 
3-30-96 Economist, three related E-money reports:
   "Trials of digital cash and smart cards seem to be going on
   everywhere. Who will win the race to control tomorrow's
   money?"
   "Digitising dollars." Citicorp's Electronic Monetary System
   could make all forms of physical money redundant, and, if
   it wins broad acceptance, could help to solve some of the
   financial industry's most intractable problems.
   "The foreign exchange market: illiquid lunch." Diminishing    liquidity; settlement risk; impact of electronic brokering.
   EMO_ney

@_date: 1996-04-02 02:47:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on CFP 
The New York Times, April 1, 1996, p. A14.
   Pioneers of Cyberspace Move Into Wider Arena
   By Peter H. Lewis
   Cambridge, Mass., March 30 -- Cyberspace is dead, many of
   its electronic pioneers said at a conference here this
   week.
   As the Internet population has grown into the millions,
   what was once a small, self-regulating society of academics
   and computer wizards has been engulfed by mainstream
   culture. But in their efforts to preserve the libertarian
   spirit of the electronic frontier, the original members of
   the cyberspace community have emerged as a political and
   social force.
   "Last year, it was still possible for people to say
   cyberspace is a different place, subject to different laws
   and different rules and that there is a Net culture," said
   Hal Abelson, a professor of computer science and
   engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
   here. "Now you have such a large percentage of the
   population on the Net, it just is not sensible to talk
   about this as some other place anymore. What you are really
   talking about now is the communications fabric of the
   country."
   In what was seen as a clear sign of Internet users new
   power, several members of Congress announced, by telephone
   and through the Internet, new legislation and initiatives
   at the gathering here, the annual Computers, Freedom and
   Privacy Conference. The proposals include the formation of
   an Internet Caucus in Congress and a Senate blll to relax
   the Government's laws restricting the transmission of
   secrets over the global information network.
   "Washington is coming to thls conference in droves," said
   Daniel J. Weltzner, deputy dlrector of the Center for
   Democracy and Technology, one of several public-interest
   groups that seek to influence Government policy related to
   cyberspace, "and I think it's very exciting and promising.
   It's the coming of age of this community."
   The members of Congress were wooing more than 500 of the
   Internet's most prominent champions, who had gathered to
   discuss issues that were once esoteric but are now
   affecting millions of people worldwide: questions of
   privacy, electronic copyrights, computer crime, the nature
   of free speech, digital pornography, electronic cash and
   grassroots electronic democracy.
   The Computers, Freedom and Privacy crowd included its usual
   assortment of computer hackers, academics and self-
   described crypto-anarchists, and even one man wearing video
   goggles with an antenna apparently sprouting from his head.
   But it also included others who wanted to assess the fusion
   of cyberspace and real space: Federal judges, lawmakers,
   White House policy experts, corporate executives and
   law-enforcement agents.
   Senator Conrad Burns, a Republican from the real frontier
   state of Montana, chose the conference to announce, by
   telephone, new legislation that would remove nearly all
   current Government restrictions on the export of
   mass-market encryption software, which is used to send
   secret messages over computer and telephone networks.
   Senator Burns's legislation would also block the
   Administration from imposing as a Government standard any
   form of data encryption that would give law-enforcement
   agencies the ability to decode messages.
   The Senator's bill places him squarely at odds with the
   Clinton Administration and the Justice Department. But Mr.
   Burns said the use of robust data encryption would foster
   the rise of electronic commerce, distance education and
   digital communicatlons, which his large, rural state
   desperately needs in the 21st century. While the bill might
   have little chance of passage this year, conference
   participants were heartened by what appears to be growing
   support in Congress for a relaxation of the Government's
   cryptography policy.
   The proposal drew some opposition. "I think we'll regret it
   down the road," said Dorothy E. Denning, a professor of
   computer sciences at Georgetown University and a computer
   security consultant to the military. Dr. Denning and others
   have argued that the use of unrestricted encryption would
   thwart the ability of law-enforcement and intelligence
   agencies to conduct wiretaps on messages sent by foreign
   spies, terrorists, child pornographers and other criminals.
   On Friday, a bipartisan group of wired lawmakers addressed
   the conference by telephone and Internet to announce the
   formation of a Congressional Internet Caucus. Fewer than
   half of all members of Congress are now on line.
   Representative Rick White, Republican of Washington, said,
   "The idea behind the Internet Caucus is to do two things:
   increase members understanding of the Internet and get more
   members on-line so that people can contact their elected
   representatives on the Internet."
   [End]

@_date: 1996-04-06 07:15:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RIC_odj 
4-5-96. TWP:
   "At the Justice Dept., Big Government Keeps Getting Bigger"
      In the tug-of-war over downsizing the government,
      Republicans and Democrats still willingly take out the
      checkbook when crime is the issue. Over the past 16
      years, a time in which both parties have controlled
      Congress, Justice's budget has grown by nearly 600
      percent and its work force has expanded from about
      55,000 employees to 94,000.
      Justice is only one part of this phenomenal crime-
      fighting growth. Where the federal government once
      relied mostly on the FBI, the federal buildup is
      creating several large police agencies. More than 41,000
      criminal investigators now work for 32 federal agencies.
      "It has grown like Topsy," says former AG Griffin B.
      Bell. "What I worry about is that people with a badge
      many times can't manage power."
      Senior members of Congress with oversight responsibility
      for DoJ say they are considering ways to consolidate
      the government's law enforcement agencies under a more
      centralized command. Among the models under review are
      the JCS, which aerosols DoD hogstench, and the DCI, who
      perfumes spy pew.
   RIC_odj

@_date: 1996-04-06 17:31:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: e$ Signorage 
Perry is closest to Webster's Third New International
   Dictionary:
   -----
   seigniorage or seignorage also seigneurage
      [ME seigneurage, fr. MF, right of the lord, esp. to coin
      money, fr. seigneur + age]
      1: a government revenue derived from the manufacture of
      coins that is calculated in the U.S. as the difference
      between the monetary and the bullion value of the silver
      contained in silver coins disregarding any alloy metal,
      all the metals contained in minor coins (as teh nickel
      and the cent), or the silver bullion that is held as
      backing for silver certificates -- compare brassage.
      2 archaic: Dominion, Power.
   -----
   brassage
      1: a charge made to an individual under a system of free
      coinage for the minting of any gold or silver he may
      bring to the mint and usu. calculated to cover various
      costs -- compare seigniorage.
   -----
   Still, Jim Gleick seems to be citing a special extension of
   this general definition, wherein government capitalizes on
   its money-coining power to reap any ancillary benefit, such
   as the float on money transactions. Is it not likely that
   there are other seigniorages of running the public till, as
   Kawika Gaguio suggests, or even such as pleasurably    performed a la droit du seigneur cited by Simon?
   Another definition of seigniorage is that of any means to
   generate benefits for the lord. Along that line, I wonder if    governments might not apply brassage to E-money.

@_date: 1996-04-06 23:32:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Peeking at Your PC 
The New York Times, April 6, 1996, p. 23.
   Peeking at Your P.C. [Op-Ed]
   By Simson L. Garfinkel
   Cambridge, Mass.
   As more Americans use electronic mail, buy products over
   the Internet and keep their most personal records on
   desktop computers, there is increasing demand for
   cryptography software that can insure the privacy of
   personal electronic communication.
   This technology already exists, but the Government, through
   export-control regulations, effectively bars citizens from
   using it.
   The Government classifies encryption software as munitions,
   because foreign countries can use such programs to hide
   their communications during times of war. To prevent this,
   American companies are largely prohibited from selling to
   foreign customers any programs that include strong coding
   features.
   Unfortunately, that has stifled the domestic market.
   Encryption-software developers find it too expensive to
   create two versions of their programs -- one with strong
   cryptography for domestic use and one with cryptography
   that is weak enough for export. So in the United States,
   developers sell only the weaker cryptography software.
   Last month, a bipartisan group of lawmakers introduced "The
   Encrypted Communications Privacy Act of 1996" to combat
   this problem. But while this measure would increase the
   availability of good cryptography at home, it would limit
   our freedoms in other ways.
   The act would legalize the export of any mass-market
   software if similar technology is already available
   overseas. This would put an end to the futility of
   forbidding such exports at a time when cryptography
   technology is increasingly available around the globe -- in
   libraries and on the Internet. Indeed, the Software
   Publishers Association says that the main result of the
   export regulations simply has been to shift the overseas
   marketing of military-grade cryp tography to foreign
   companies.
   So although the new bill would still prohibit American
   companies from exporting innovative programs, it would at
   least allow them to compete with foreign companies on an
   equal footing.
   However, the Clinton Administration and others oppose this
   minor change, because they are worried that criminals and
   terrorists could use the export liberalization to their own
   advantage.
   Because of this opposition, the bill throws a bone to the
   antiprivacy forces.
   While lifting export controls, it criminalizes some uses of
   cryptography for the first time in our nation's history. It
   would be illegal, for instance, to use encryption that
   interferes with a felony investigation. But the language of
   the bill is so broad that these restrictions could apply to
   a reporter's encrypted computer files.
   The bill also creates legal rules for "key holders" --
   organizations that would be given copies of an individual's
   decryption key, or codebreaker. This means that an
   individual's encoded messages or documents could be
   decoded, under a court order, without his or her knowledge.
   Although the use of key holders would be voluntary under
   the bill, that could easily change and the system could
   become mandatory.
   There is some hope for avoiding all this. Senator Conrad
   Burns, Republican of Montana, plans to introduce a narrower
   bill that focuses simply on liberalizing exports of
   encryption technology.
   The software industry and civil libertarians are already
   supporting this approach -- one that is good not just for
   American business but also for our right to privacy.
   Simson L. Garfinkel is the author of the book "PGP: Pretty
   Good Privacy."
   [End]

@_date: 1996-04-09 04:15:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RAS_put 
4-08-96 WSJ eyes the Rasputin of the plot linking:
   1. Encryption export
   2. Microsoft
   3. The Seychelles
   4. Internet regulation
   5. Privacy rights
   6. Immigration reform
   7. Anti-taxation
   8. The computer industry
   RAS_put

@_date: 1996-04-10 06:41:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WRY_cfp 
4-09-96 FT reports on CFP, with wry comments about
   eavesdropping on cpunkish issues and notables: encryption
   blanc et noir; sci-fi scenarios; Garfinkel and Chaum on e-
   money; CDA; cyber-terrorism, -porno, -child abuse, and    -crime; suits cold-sweating secrets.
   For the sweaters, a related sheepswooly vaunts Open
   Market's "industrial strength" OM-products for secure Net
   biz.
   WRY_cfp

@_date: 1996-04-11 09:37:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RSA_dog 
IDC Government ("Better Government Through IT Research")
   has snail-mailed an 8-page report on the January 1996 RSA
   Data Security Conference on "The Future of Cryptography."
   For math hermits untracked by the RSA bloodhound:
   RSA_dog

@_date: 1996-04-11 17:51:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NPR is talking about smart card purses... 
Responding to msg by rah at shipwright.com (Robert Hettinga) on Wed, 10 Apr  5:53 PM
Yep, NYT has a story on it today, the testrun is in my own It's by Citibank, Chase Manhattan, Mastercard and Visa: electronic cash loaded on a plastic card that can be used to make small purchases.
The article also reviews the state of the art.
Wanna see it from me, or try

@_date: 1996-04-13 06:18:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Mardi Gra Cash Card 
WSJ 4-12-06 reports that England's "Mardi Gra" bomber is
   demanding of Barclays "access to the bank's cash reserves
   through the use of a special cash card, although details
   could not be confirmed."
   Police are communicating with the bomber through cryptic
   notices in personal columns of newspapers, the latest
   stating: "MARDI GRA We are ready to help and give value.
   Contact us on the verification number."
   Barclays says 25 bombs have been sent to its branches. The
   bomber -- who has been compared to America's Unabomber --
   may be a former employee among those 18,500 laid off during
   the past 5 years, or a small businessman with a grudge. [Or

@_date: 1996-04-14 10:37:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PRE_dat 
4-13-96. Ted's Publisher:
   "Internet Surprise." An editorial on Internet telephony.
   "Reconnaissance of Bosnia Goes On-Line. CIA Displays
   Computer System Using Images From Drone Vehicles."
      The system draws on material from drone vehicles known
      as Predators and provides computerized video, data and
      audio transmissions, using commercial technologies.
      Separate channels carry information at different levels
      of security for NATO members, peacekeepers, Russians and
      US troops.
   PRE_dat

@_date: 1996-04-15 05:17:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NOS_tal 
4-14-96. TP:
   "Was McCarthy Right About the Left?"
   Citing the Venona program decryption "revelations,"
   Nicholas von Hoffman polemicizes about the consequences of
   the left's refusal to face that McCarthy may have been more
   truthful about communist infiltration of the USG than he
   knew. Von Hoffman recounts the high points of the 50-year    history of left dissimulation and avenges the right with
   a nostalgic nukem dead red-under-bedder:
      As yet unexplored is the possibility that certain
      features in the political culture of the American left
      are hand-me-downs from this period. The "elitism" and
      didacticism that so gall its opponents may be a morphed
      version of the communist doctrine of vanguard
      leadership. The liberal penchant for government
      gigantism, complex bureaucracy and central planning may
      also have taken root in the liberal admiration of the
      Soviet system in the 1930s.
   NOS_tal

@_date: 1996-04-16 02:00:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FIX_rsa 
4-15-96, W$U:
   "RSA Data May Be Sold in Stock Deal."
   Security Dynamics Technolgies, Inc. is in talks to buy
   closely held RSA Data Security Inc., the dominant supplier
   of privacy technology for the Internet, for stock valued at
   about $200 million.
   Industry executives said Security Dynamics may hope to
   combine its proprietary technology with standard encryption
   software from RSA, which could yield products that can be
   used with a broader array of computer products.
   Some of RSA's partners may be taken aback, since few are
   familiar with relatively obscure Security Dynamics.
   The largest single RSA shareholder is Addison Fischer,
   founder of a Florida security-products concern called
   Fischer International.
   FIX_rsa

@_date: 1996-04-16 05:46:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TOG_oon 
4-15-96. FT:
   "Chatter control in cyberspace. US universities are the
   testing ground for free speech issues on the Internet."
   A report on celebrated cases: Cornell, Virginia Tech,
   Memphis, Jake Baker. "Nearly all the university cases in
   the US so far have had sexual overtones."
   Among other commentators quoted, Declan says, "There's a
   very disturbing trend out there to try to control what
   students say online."
   Peter Toren of DoJ says, "I think we can expect this
   controversy to go on for some time."
   TOG_oon

@_date: 1996-04-17 03:19:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IRO_nic 
4-16-96. Jour:
   "Bidzos Holds Key to Guarding Internet Secrets."
      Mr. Bidzos has made shrewd deals to build a powerful
      franchise, but he has also angered the government's
      security apparatus and some of his own customers and
      partners. Mr. Bidzos has fended off the government with
      a mix of stratagems and chutzpah. Lynn McNulty, an ex-
      Commerce official, said Mr. Bidzos always found "the
      open door that we hadn't thought about locking." Adds
      NSAper Stew Baker, "Jim has made a career out of bashing
      the NSA."
   4-16-96. Fint:
   "A hacker's paradise. One computer on the Internet is
   broken into every 20 seconds."
      Despite a proliferation of computer security products
      ranging from "secure" server and browser software to
      firewalls, encryption and authentication schemes,
      computer break-ins are on the rise. Security experts say
      US Internet sites are under frequent attack by hackers
      from eastern Europe. But there are also now more than
      20,000 aggressive, deliberately destructive hackers in
      the US and the number is said to be growing at a minimum
      of 5 per cent per month. Ironically, as the number of
      sophisticated hackers rises, there is a dire shortage of
      computer security professionals.
   IRO_nic

@_date: 1996-04-18 04:17:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: COQ_tal 
4-17-96. Fint:
   "When rocket scientists crash out of orbit."
   Barry Riley essays on the impact of physicists and
   mathematicians on finance and economics, while reporting on
   a recent article by three physicists critiquing the
   shortcomings of the Black-Scholes formula for pricing
   options.
      The Bouchaud-Iori-Sornette formula for "real world"
      options attempts to minimise these residual risks,
      especially by applying a more sophisticated mathematical
      treatment to the "tails" of the distribution. If the
      risks cannot be hedged out, at least they can be reduced
      via diversification.
   A bracing cocktail for the recent cpunks bar-slappers on
   funny-money and unscriving and eye-grit quackers.
   COQ_tal

@_date: 1996-04-18 06:08:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bernstein case decisision (fwd) 
Thanks much , Michael.
Shows what a scary cpunk-packed courtroom can do to tip the scales of blind justice.

@_date: 1996-04-19 05:31:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ERR_not 
4-12-96. Science:
   "Error-Correcting Codes Keeps Quantum Computers on Track"
   Commentary by Barry Cipra on Peter Shor's error-correction
   scheme for quantum systems (published last year in Phys Rev
   A) and his subsequent work with Rob Calderbank at AT&T
   Research on "quantum analogs of other more powerful codes
   that can correct multiple errors in long strings of bits."
   And cites work of others who are following Shor's lead --
   Seth Lloyd at MIT, IBM, LANL, Oxford: "Quantum computers    may be getting closer to reality."
   ERR_not

@_date: 1996-04-22 10:01:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GAW_ker 
Security Management, published by the American Society for
   Industrial Security, has two articles on computer security
   in its April, 1996, issue:
   "Legal Lessons in the Computer Age," by Mark D. Rasch,
   J.D., director of information security law and policy with
   SAIC, and former DoJ prosecutor of Robert Tappan Morris. A
   tabloid on tabloiding computer crime to hacker-phobics.
      This snapshot of current law and court rulings gives
      security professionals a glimpse into the evolving legal
      landscape that companies must be prepared to negotiate
      when pursuing those who might attempt to steal or damage
      computerized systems or information. (30kb)
   "E-Mail Policy By the Letter," by Fred L. Trickey, an
   information security officer at Columbia University. An
   account of good e-mail policies and procedures, with
   salient references, and a sidebar on E-mail gawking.
   (24kb)
   GAW_ker (for both)
   -----
   For info on security management see:

@_date: 1996-04-23 13:31:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TOE_hol 
4-22-96. WJur:
   "French Smart Card Proves a Bright Idea. Once-Shunned
   European Innovation Is Sizzling."
   Reports on French dominance of the burgeoning global smart-
   card use, and which hungry giants are prowling for fries.
   Compares security munitions and foot shootings.
   TOE_hol

@_date: 1996-04-24 02:51:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EYE_suk 
4-22-96. WaPo:
   "Counter-Terrorism to Be Olympic Event for-U.S."
      Federal authorities are taking precautions against the
      use of unconventional weaponry such as poison gas, germ
      weapons or even a nuclear device. Those attending the
      Games will see only a small portion of the immense
      security operation. At its heart will be an estmated
      3,000 Army troops, 6,300 National Guardsmen, and at
      least 10,000 other police and private security guards at
      peak strength, with an additional force of agents from
      the FBI, ATF, DIA, CIA, NSA and FEMA.
      The Pentagon's office of special operations and
      low-intensity conflict plans to place its elite counter-
      terrorism teams in readiness. "We keep telling everybody
      we wil be armed with a radio and a smile," said Maj.
      Gen. Robert R. Hicks Jr.
   EYE_suk  (A scary skinhead rumble for I-MAX gouge)

@_date: 1996-04-24 06:16:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GIV_way 
FiTi reports on a Lisbon money laundering conference:
   4-23-96: "Long arm of US law threatens business."
      The extra-territorial reach of US law poses a growing
      threat to non-US companies doing business, even
      indirectly, with that country, an expert on money
      laundering said yesterday. Mr Rowan Bosworth-Davies told
      a conference in Lisbon that US courts had been
      "consistent in concluding that US law enforcement
      interests outweigh a foreign nation's interests in
      preserving the confidentiality of its banking or its
      business records".
   4-24-96: "US prosecutor attacks bank secrecy laws."
      A US federal prosecutor yesterday told banks that they
      are no better than prostitutes if they transmit money
      without knowing their customers or the purpose of the
      transaction. Mr John Moscow said: "The ancient concept
      that bank secrecy must be preserved to keep a
      gentleman's financial affairs confidential -- dating
      back to the days when only gentlemen had cheque
      accounts, and their servants did not -- must give way to
      the current reality.
   GIV_way

@_date: 1996-04-24 06:22:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SHA_dow 
Three US papers report on hardly any intelligence reforms
   endorsed by Don't Worry, Boys, Clinton in response to the
   ole-boy Brown's CIA-CYA-all-the-way dark shadowisms.
   SHA_dow

@_date: 1996-04-24 12:33:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EYE_suk 
Responding to msg by adam at lighthouse.homeport.org (Adam Shostack) on Tue, 23 Apr  2:26 PM
Probably the CIA officers are linguists or analysts, maybe even cryptographers, who will be doing that they do at Langley and other US stations: processing foreign (non-US-citizen) intelligence coming into the country from a variety of sources.
These roles would fit this paragraph of the article:
   To keep tabs on such potential foreign threats, around 25
   CIA officers will be stationed alongside officers from the
   Defense Intelligence Agency the National Security Agency,
   and the FBI at an "all-source" intelligence command post to
   be established at an undisclosed location in the Atlanta
   area.
Any CIA officers or agents or contractors here want to comment, top secretly? We're all compartmentalized, yes?

@_date: 1996-04-24 17:15:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Rabbi Hier Testimony 
To see today's WaPo about "The Turner Diaries" publishing
   controversy that Declan cites:
   TUM_ult
   For William Pierce, "Diaries" author, by NYT, June, 1995:
   TUR_ner

@_date: 1996-04-25 04:36:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on MS Java, Net Radio 
April 25, 1996
"Edge for Sun as Microsoft Embraces Java."
By John Markoff
     "FCC Backs Cheap Link to Internet by Radio."
By Edmund L. Andrews

@_date: 1996-04-25 17:24:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ROC_poc 
4-25-96. WaPo:
   "Israelis Eye U.S. Laser As Anti-Rocket Defense. Nautilus
   High-Energy Laser Beam Burns Surface of Weapon."
      Two months ago, in a test at the White Sands Missile
      Range in New Mexico, the U.S. Army used the laser to
      shoot down two Katyusha rockets that earlier had been
      seized by Israel. The test caught the attention of the
      aerospace community because it offered evidence of
      Nautilus's efficacy, especially its new tracking system
      upgraded with more sophisticated computer software. The
      laser, beamed at a rocket for only a second or two,
      disables it by melting its surface, causing it to
      explode and crash to Earth.
   "Spy Chief's Grasp Reaches Other Pockets."
      The Senate intelligence committee yesterday approved a
      major expansion in power for the director of central
      intelligence (DCI) by giving the director authority not
      only over the CIA budget but also over all intelligence
      spending, most of which currently is controlled by the
      Pentagon. Such a radical change is likely to run into
      strong opposition not only from the military services
      themselves, but also from other congressional committees
      with Pentagon oversight.
   ROC_poc

@_date: 1996-04-26 16:19:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: VENONA followup 
Last year DCI Deutch said that as part of the new "openness" intelligence archives and as followup to the release of VENONA
documents, a conference was planned on Soviet
intelligence attempts to penetrate the USG in the 1940s and (See excerpt below.)
Has anyone heard more on this conference?
DCI Speech 7/11/95
DCI John M. Deutch at VENONA Press Conference
[Snip]      Next year we will sponsor a conference on Soviet Intelligence attempts
   to penetrate the United States government during the 1940s and 1950s
   and our efforts to counter those efforts. We hope that all    will attend, including Russian scholars.

@_date: 1996-04-27 07:20:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bytes 
May BYTE reports on topics seen here:
   Peter Wayner's deft assay of "Entrust," Nortel's E-mail
   encryption program. "An easy tool for securing E-mail
   unlocks the door to managing public and private keys."
   Michael Shoffner on "Java's Busting Out All Over."
   Andrew Davis on "A Digital Signal Processor Sampler."
   Rex Baldazo on the Be Operating System -- multiprocessing,
   multi-threaded and object-oriented -- "buzzword-compliant."
   Doug Anderson on the high-speed Fibre Channel network
   system.
   Among several other fine pieces.

@_date: 1996-04-27 22:43:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cell Kill 2 
4-27-96 NYT op-ed claims:
      On April 21, two Russian laser-guided missiles
      reportedly zeroed in on the cellular phone of Dzhokhar
      M. Dudayev, leader of the Chechen rebels, and killed
      him.
      According to the Russian newspaper Izvestia, Mr. Dudayev
      died while phoning an aide to King Hassan II of Morocco,
      who had been asked by President Yeltsin to help mediate
      an end to the war. Will any leader ever again be so
      gullible?

@_date: 1996-04-28 17:12:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cell Kill 2 
Responding to msg by unicorn at schloss.li (Black Unicorn) on Sat, 27 Apr 10:46 PM
True. The NYT op-ed author's credit:
   Robert A. Pape teaches government at Dartmouth College and
   is the author of "Bombing to Win: Air Power and Coercion in
   War."
ET cites:
   Tension rose even higher after the Chechens announced that Dudayev, a
   former Soviet air force general, had been killed in a rocket attack as
   he spoke to a Russian parliamentarian on a satellite phone.
Which leaves open who is spoofing who. Dimitri, are you laser-celling killfile disinfo?

@_date: 1996-04-30 07:00:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BOW_itz 
4-29-96 WSJ has page one leader on the December federal bust of Bernard Oskar Bowitz, an EE peddling gear for cellular piracy. It lays out the cyber-tracking and -trapping.
"This case offers a glimpse into the crime in the 21st century," scowls a US Attorney.
Bowitz derises, "I'm very flattered to hear they think I'm a mastermind. I think they're watching too many Arnold Schwarzenegger movies."
BOW_itz (but see below)
WSJ opens a pay-for-it Web site today:

@_date: 1996-04-30 08:44:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WSJ on Crypto Push 
WSJ, April 29, 1996
   Software-Scrambling Proponents Pushing To Ease Export Curbs
   New York -- Champions of encryption software -- computer
   programs that scramble data to thwart eavesdroppers -- this
   week will step up efforts to loosen export restrictions on
   the technology.
   Sen. Conrad Burns (R., Mont.) is expected to introduce
   tomorrow a bill that would ease the federal government's
   export rules. At the same time, industry-trade groups and
   privacy advocates will seek grass-roots support via the
   Internet.
   Current regulations limit the export of encryption software
   to weak systems that are presumed easy for intelligence and
   law-enforcement organizations to crack. The Clinton
   administration has opposed the sale of stronger systems,
   saying terrorists or other foes could use them to conduct
   operations without being monitored.
   But technology executives contend these regulations hamper
   their ability to compete overseas. And because the
   regulations govern any software that incorporates the
   technology to keep data secure, they can impede exports of
   electronic-mail systems, World Wide Web software and other
   Internet-related packages.
   "Right now, the industry is just wondering whether the
   administration will deal with this before we start losing
   market share," said D. James Bidzos, chief executive
   officer of RSA Data Security Inc., a Redwood City, Calif.,
   concern that supplies encryption software.
   The new bill would give software makers free rein to sell
   scrambling systems overseas as long as the same systems are
   widely available in the U.S. Other encryption technologies
   could be exported as well if similar products are already
   generally available outside the U.S.
   -----

@_date: 1996-08-02 08:42:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PCC_war 
7-29-96. EBNews:    "Encryption ICs Enable Ironclad Net Security."       New encryption ICs on PCMCIA cards will be unveiled       imminently to allow PC users to make transactions over       the Internet with ironclad security. "This will open up       electronic commerce pervasively and launch a new market       for PCs," said TIS's Bill Sweet. Both National       Semiconductor and VLSI Technology plan to unveil       affordable chips shortly for PCMCIA encryption cards.       National's thumb-scan project, which aims to provide an       additional security factor, is a joint effort with       Identix. In this system, a holographic laser chip on the       card would image a portion of the holder's thumbprint.       That image will be compared with the holder's digital       thumbprint pattern stored on a memory chip in the card.    7-31-96. Jane's:    "Future Warfare | Rise of the robots."       A US Defense Science Board (DSB) task force is putting       the final touches to a study that members promise will       be one of the most controversial ever produced by the       panel. The next century adversary will aggressively use       offensive information warfare, rely on underground and       covert urban facilities and have some ability to attack       low earth orbiting satellites. It will require a       "revolution in military affairs" achieved through       enhanced surveillance capabilities, weapons of mass       destruction, thousands of inexpensive missiles, a few       very low observable cruise missiles, mines and diesel       submarines.       The only aspect of tactics and technology that everyone       in the DoD seems to agree on is that the most important       developments for warfighting over the next 10 to 20       years will be related to information systems.    -----      (19 kb for 2)    PCC_war

@_date: 1996-08-03 11:01:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BOO_mer 
8-2-96. WaJo:    "More Bombs Are Exploding Across the U.S."       What also worries law-enforcement officials are the       comparatively unspectacular bombs exploding at a rising       rate in neighborhoods across the country. Indeed, with       homicides declining, bombings may have become the       fastest-growing category of violent crime. "In the old       days, kids would break windows," says John O'Brien, an       agent in Washington with the federal Bureau of Alcohol,       Tobacco and Firearms. "Now, they're making pipe bombs."       Police say one of the most popular bombs among       youths -- one combining acid and other ingredients in a       bottle -- is called the "McGyver" because many learned       about it from the television show. David Estenson, head       of a bomb-crisis management firm and former head of the       Minneapolis police bomb squad, observes that many of the       pipe bombs in Israel contain only match heads.    "U.S. Studies Use of Chemical Tracers To Track Explosives    in Terrorist Blasts."       The Treasury Department is studying a family of trace       chemicals -- first developed by U.S. weapons scientists       to track the fallout of nuclear weapons -- as a way to       give terrorist explosives an identifiable trail. The       trace chemicals are newer and much smaller than plastic       "taggants," which have provoked resistance from the       explosives industry and gun lobbies. Desmonde Cowdery,       vice president of Isotag L.L.C., a small Houston company       that has obtained commercial rights to the process,       claims the chemical tracers are so small they can be       blended with all types of explosives, including       fertilizers and gunpowders, without interfering with       chemical reactions.    "Can America Stomach a War on Terror?"       The lessons from the world's battlefields of terror are       sobering. Not only have few countries been able to make       much of a dent in a determined terrorist campaign, but       their efforts also often incur a heavy price.       Due-process rights have been suspended, freedoms of       speech curtailed, police powers beefed up.       Tommy Sands, a Belfast folk singer, praises America's       caution. He says that in Northern Ireland and other hot       spots, authorities have often overreacted to the initial       threat. "It's like driving a car and seeing a red light       come on that means you're short on oil. If you take a       hammer to it, the red light will go out, but you're       still short on oil," Mr. Sands says. "Sometimes there       are answers other than the big hammer."    -----      (19 kb for 3)    Lynx:     BOO_mer

@_date: 1996-08-03 23:20:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: List for crypto minus political rubbish 
times.  discuss is  people  An exemplary air-clearing for a smoke-filled agenda; and two challenging
questions which may pose a High Noon amongst munitions-slingers. Bravo,
Matts, for cryptic concision.

@_date: 1996-08-05 01:56:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SAC_ard 
August ScaAm has longish article on smart-cards by Carol    Fancher, a Motorola engineer and developer of the smart-    card market.    -----      (26 kb)    Lynx:     Via     SAC_ard

@_date: 1996-08-07 15:39:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CRN on Crypto Roadblock 
Computer Reseller News, 8-05-96, p. 51    Channel feels pinch of export limitations -- VARs Hit    Encryption Roadblock    By Charlotte Dunlap & Deborah Gage    Could 40 bits of code cost you that multimillion-dollar    bid?    Andrew Sheppard, president of Branford, Conn.-based Espion    Inc., just returned from a frustrating business trip to    Europe, where he said he lost a number of accounts with    financial institutions because he could not deliver    software with more than 40 bits of encryption key length.    Sheppard, who recently tried to sell his encryption wares    to clients in Europe, said he lost business to competitors    offering stronger encryption.    "There is a real demand for this type of product, and yet    I find myself thwarted at every single opportunity by this    stupid law, which everyone realizes is unnecessary,"    Sheppard said.    Sheppard said potential clients that turned him down during    his recent trip included Banco Santander, a Madrid-based    bank; the London office of Credit Suisse; Logica Systems of    London; and the financial reporting arm of Reuters' news    service in London.    As the trend toward networking-sensitive information grows,    woes tied to encryption export limitations are spreading to    the VAR community. The dilemma of shipping overseas    anything other than light versions of security software is    starting to sabotage the efforts of Internet resellers.    Because 40 bits of code is considered to be breakable by an    elementary hacker, major corporations with data to protect    are reluctant to trust U.S. technology. So, U.S. resellers    are being turned away while multinational corporations turn    to foreign technologies.    The debate between business and the U.S. government about    export limitations is getting increasingly heated with the    growth of the Internet. The Pro-Code Bill, which aims to    relax export restrictions, has just been introduced, and    prominent Silicon Valley executives are trekking to    Washington regularly to argue the case. Jim Bidzos,    president and chief executive of encryption market leader    RSA Data Security Inc., Redwood City, Calif., has spent a    lot of time in Washington.    "The big picture in terms of what's happening is all of our    communications and document storage is moving from paper    and filing cabinets to the Internet and disk drives. We    need crypto technology in order to protect this," he said.    But resellers are getting discouraged and do not see a    quick resolution with law makers. Meanwhile, they are    losing business at a staggering rate.    Norm Yamaguchi, director of sales for RSA master reseller    Secure Distribution Inc., said he could have tripled the    size of his million-dollar company this year if it were not    for U.S. export laws dictating a maximum 40-bit key    encryption length to his clients' international offices.    "To say this law is causing me problems is a massive    understatement," Yamaguchi said. The reseller currently is    in talks with Price Waterhouse to get them to standardize    on Oakland, Calif.-based Secure Distribution's security    products, but will likely lose the contract because of the    40-bit key length limitation.    Resellers' fear of losing business to foreign players is    not paranoia, either. The Business Software Alliance has    identified 500 encryption products that can be purchased in    foreign countries. Information about the stronger foreign    technology can be obtained easily through the Internet.    "The laws are punishing U.S. companies, and we're losing    business to foreign countries because they can offer the    same thing. The law is not holding back the flow of    encryption, it is just holding back U.S. companies from    making money," he added, calling it a "lose-lose    situation."    Reseller Al Hill, vice president of engineering for    Successful Systems Solutions, Rancho Cordova, Calif., has    to surrender part of his solutions services in order to    keep his foreign clients.    "We ship units to England, Hong Kong and Singapore, and we    have to downgrade the software [to 40 bits] on all of them.    They were rather upset but smart enough to realize they    could upgrade the security themselves," he said, adding    that he has lost business because he could not complete    projects himself.    "We have to make sure the APIs in the software are    available so people overseas can tie them into their    [security] applications," he said. Similarly, Dave Johnson,    senior account manager of Precision Computers Inc.,    Portland, Ore., said he lost an account with a    multinational company with offices in France because "it    became too troublesome for them to implement U.S. products    because of the legal problems."    Uncle Sam's View    U.S. companies and civil libertarians have been battling    the government since 1991, when the proposal of the Clipper    Chip first surfaced. At that time, the government proposed    splitting the encryption keys and holding a portion of them    in escrow, giving law enforcement officials with court    orders a back door through which to conduct electronic    surveillance. To date, the U.S. government has budged    little from its original idea.    The Clipper Chip idea was squelched, but the government    refuses to concede that strong encryption is not a munition    because it believes national security is at stake. In    recent weeks, Vice President Al Gore proposed a compromise:    The government would extend the types of software that    could be exported, perhaps to include healthcare or    insurance instead of just finance, and allow long keys if    countries where the United States has government-to-    government agreements could hold keys in escrow. A    24-member technical advisory committee is expected to    produce a blueprint for establishing the Federal Key    Management Infrastructure in September.    The Vendor's View    Software executives remain disgruntled with the    government's progress. "Do we really want government-    to-government agreements?" asked Eric Schmidt, Sun    Microsystems Inc.'s Chief Technology Officer. "The U.S. has    protections that other countries don't. France, for    example, is noted for industrial espionage."    Microsoft Corp. Senior Vice President Craig Mundie said an    escrow system would create an expensive bureaucracy,    adding: "This should really be described as a key-leasing    system. This will create a huge new business in extracting    keys from the public. If you want to make sure that your    key is not compromised by law enforcement officials, you're    going to need insurance. There will be a whole service    industry around keys."    Vendors also argue that the government's reasoning is not    legitimate. "The current controls do not keep encryption    out of the hands of the criminals. They keep it out of the    hands of individuals and corporations," said Sybase Inc.    Director of Data and Communications Security Development    Thomas Parenty.    Sun, Microsoft and other companies would like complete    deregulation of encryption. Three bills that would lift    government restrictions and prohibit mandatory key escrow    are working their way through Congress, although none are    likely to pass this year.    NEXT WEEK: Measuring the level of difficulty in cracking    code.    [End]    Thanks to LG.

@_date: 1996-08-07 19:35:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Apple people on the list 
I'd like to hear Tim, too, in this Big Apple. RealAudio, perhaps. Tim's views are far more substantial and worthwhile than those play-it-safe
Pro-Code dronings. And his pith should go out far and wide, around the world, not only out
there on its edge. Vinnie, Robert, All Appledom, do your global duty, don't miss this chance
to leapfrog the small-beans promoters of the crypto industry. What would you offer to set off Tim's simmering crypto-anarcho-volcano,
make it heard round the planet?

@_date: 1996-08-08 03:02:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Mena 
The Washington Post, August 7, 1996, p. A6.    CIA Probed in Alleged Arms Shipments       Reports Claim Agents Involved in Arkansas-Nicaragua Drug       Swaps    By Susan Schmidt    The CIA's inspector general is investigating claims that    U.S. intelligence agencies were involved in illegal arms    shipments and drug smuggling at an isolated airstrip in    Mena, Ark., during the years Bill Clinton was governor.    A spokesman for the CIA said Inspector General Frederick P.    Hitz is preparing a report on allegations that the CIA was    involved in arms shipments from Mena to the Nicaraguan    rebels during the 1980s, and that pilots hired by the    agency brought back large shipments of cocaine.    CIA spokesman Mark Mansfield said the inspector general    will report on possible contacts between the agency and    Arkansas state officials during the 1980s. His report also    will deal with allegations that the CIA attempted to    influence or curtail law enforcement investigations of    Mena.    Hitz was asked to investigate the Mena airport by CIA    Director John M. Deutch, who was acting on a request from    House Banking Committee Chairman Jim Leach (R-Iowa).    Leach's panel is looking into the possible laundering of    drug money generated at Mena.    Leach's Banking Committee staff has been looking a variety    of claims about Mena emanating from a collection of    Arkansas law enforcement officials and various figures    operating in the shadowy netherworld on contract with    intelligence agencies.    One congressional investigator likened sorting through the    allegations to being trapped in "a hall of mirrors."    Congressional sources said Leach made the request to the    CIA about six months ago and expects a report from Hitz in    late summer or early fall.    The latest Mena claims are contained in "Boy Clinton," a    book by American Spectator Editor R. Emmett Tyrrell    published this week. In it, Tyrrell asserts that Clinton    knew about CIA operations and cocaine smuggling at Mena.    He cites as sources Arkansas state troopers, including one    on the governor's security detail who says he was also a    contract employee for the CIA during the mid-1980s and    informed Clinton of what was going on at Mena.    Clinton has said he had nothing to do with any activities    at Mena. "Mena is the darkest backwater of the right wing    conspiracy industry," said White House spokesman Mark    Fabiani. "The allegations are as bizarre as they are    false."    [End]

@_date: 1996-08-08 17:34:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tim's Mac Tales 
Finger your delete key: What caught my eye in Tim's remarks about Apple was his continued use of
Macs. Why was that enticing? It has to do with what hard-headed physicists know about hardware that
soft-headed coders don't. So my curiosity: does Tim know Intel intel that we don't know, and can't
tell it? More generally, do chip physicists know what crypto coders don't,
about the covert features of those world-pervasive chips inside? Would Tim tell, could Tim disclose intel, what the world doesn't know about
Intel, about what Intel's hard-headed Moore, the immigrant physicist,
whispers in utmost secrecy to Microsoft's soft-headed Gates, the
American-way coder? Is soft-hearted OS code the front for cold-hearted
hardware spying? Maybe the most that Tim can tell without exposing Intel is that Tim uses
Macs. Still, is Motorola more trustworthy than Intel, and if so, for whom? What
do Apple insiders know that the world needs to know about the deals of
Intel insiders, are they working with inside the Beltwayers, gobbling
world-markets, gobbling intel chip by chip? Is Motorola doing the same with
its adorable cellulars and satellites and boards and hardware galore, using
benign code to conceal hardware malice? Dreamy, maybe, but hard-hearted Tellers did it to the Oppenheimers, and
everyone knows that physicists truly enjoy playing dice with God. (Hold on, Tim, this is the way I write after thirty years of grinding out
grim technical reports.)

@_date: 1996-08-10 02:10:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tim's Mac Tales 
Thaks to Tim for politely noting that I alfingered most admirable Gordon
Moore as mal intendu Intel-inside wheeler-dealer. That's actually Andy
Grove, el supremo maestro of Intel intel despicably untellable -- except to
those deep, deep inside black budgeteering. A crank SciFi fantasy, to be sure, long ago, and well into the intel
futures, disproven.  Like NASDAQ never cheats consumers.

@_date: 1996-08-10 22:14:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RLR_lsl 
8-10-96, NYP:    Peter Steinfels, religion columnist, compares the    "religious right" with the "life-style left," and examines    how the perjoratives are employed to oversimplify and    stigmatize -- an example of the pitfall A. Mehta has    critiqued on Cypherpunks: "binary thinking."       The real opposite number to the religious right is the       life-style left, which includes people who are religious       and people who are not. It includes some welfare-state       liberals and some anti-government libertarians.       What unites the life-style left is the belief that In       regard to the widest possible range of basic choices       about how to live, the state should refrain from       exerting its influence. The more basic the question, the       less the role of the state.    -----      (7 kb)    RLR_lsl

@_date: 1996-08-11 22:15:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Police prepare stunning end for high-speed car chases 
Why don't we have people's access to government? We could require officials
to include remote shutdown devices when they renege on promises, line their
pockets, start wars to get re-elected, betray public trust by cruel neglect
of their sworn obligations while strutting and bombasting -- damn fools
interrupting my X-rated sleazy cheating schemes to fuck my neighbor's dog,
or ferret, or mudhole; god, I hate my momma's favorite fuck-up, poor little
me, please, world, help me get off Ritalin and wheat germ and my
lead-filled ass. Now, off to Sunday school to pray not to burn in hell. On
second think, fuck it, com 'ere pooch.

@_date: 1996-08-12 07:08:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FCC_ups 
8-10-96. WaPo:    "Phone Service Via the Internet May Slash Rates."       Labs of Advanced Technology has developed a way for       people to make long-distance calls over the Internet       using only their telephones, at about half the price of       ordinary toll calls. Customers would merely call a       central number, then dial their long-distance numbers.       The call is carried on the Internet, then put back onto       the local phone system at its destination. The company       plans to charge 5 to 8 cents per minute for all domestic       U.S. calls, which represents a 50 to 75 percent discount       off most domestic long-distance rates. International       rates would depend on arrangements made with foreign       phone companies. "Twenty years from now, and probably       sooner, I don't see the giants of the telecommunications       industry existing anymore," said the company's       president. The giants hoot, "FCC, PACs, whack him."    "PCs and the Postal Service Challenge the Mailroom Reign of    Pitney Bowes"       New technology has made it possible for IBM, Bell       Atlantic and National Semiconductor to start prowling       around postage meters, which account for $20 billion a       year in postage. With a telephone line to the post       office and some fancy computer software, a "stamp" could       spin out of the printer at the same time the envelope is       being addressed. Computer-generated envelopes will not       only have addresses and stamps, but also a bar code that       can quickly be read by a computer to hasten delivery.       Distinctive stamps called indicia carry a specially       encrypted numerical code that Pitney Bowes believes the       Postal Service should adopt to prevent counterfeiting.    -----      (22 kb) via:     FCC_ups

@_date: 1996-08-13 01:22:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Unmetered Net Usage 
Science, August 2, reports on Net traffic jams and various schemes to ease
the flow, including  pricing correlated to speedier service. See:  The report is part of a special section on computer use in science, with
three others on the Internet. For the full section see:

@_date: 1996-08-13 03:41:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Police prepare stunning e CUT_ags 
Peter Trei  Wrote: On a more speculative note,  many years ago Harlan Ellison wrote an  anti-statist short story entitled '"Repent Harlequin!" cried the Tick-Tock Man.' , in which the government required all adults to be surgically fitted
with 'cardioplates', which allowed the state to turn off the hearts of   uncooperative citizen-units by radio. -------- NYP reports today on the thriving market for Radio Frequency Identification
(R.F.-ID) tags. And FiTi reports today on tagging cattle, tracking meat from cradle to
abbatoir, to ward off mad cow assassination politics. Are these precursors of CU body-tags acoming from ARPA labs? E-Systems and
a bunch of comp-conspirators just got supercalifrigalistic HPCC contracts. ----- For the NYT and FiTi reports, see:  CUT_ags

@_date: 1996-08-16 10:16:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RAD_ius 
8-14-96. NW:    "Proposed IETF standard to ease a variety of remote    access concerns ."       The scheme, called Remote Authentication Dial-In User       Service (RADIUS), provides a centralized and secure       method for authenticating remote dial-in users,       authorizing appropriate enterprise resources and       gathering accounting details. RADIUS also provides a       way to integrate the security administration of       dial-in users with that of the resident enterprise       population.    -----      (5 kb)    RAD_ius

@_date: 1996-08-16 23:25:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ECC_pow 
8-15-96. BW:    "Certicom's High Efficiency Elliptic Curve Cryptosystem to    be applied to Motorola's Wireless products."       Dr. Scott Vanstone, Certicom's Chief Cryptographer,       added, "Certicom is currently completing an ECC software       toolkit." The Elliptic Curve Cryptosystem is the world's       most efficient public-key system, providing the highest       strength-per-bit of any known public-key system and       minimizing the requirement for large key lengths.    "UK Company Unveils E-Mail Encryption Software."       Pow! Distribution has taken the wraps off PrivaSuite, an       e-mail encryption package that works as a drop-in to       many existing e-mail applications software. It can       handle almost any file format, encrypting the file using       the DES algorithm, it can also be set up to handle fax       image files. The package was developed by Aliroo, an       Israeli software house that specializes in document       security products. Aliroo was founded in 1995 by       ex-Israeli Military Intelligence officer Itzhak       Pomerantz.    -----      (9 kb for 2)    ECC_pow

@_date: 1996-08-24 01:32:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IE Security Flaw 
Markoff reports today on the MS IE security flaw discovered by the
Princeton team and posted here recently. See:

@_date: 1996-08-24 04:18:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BOD_ies 
8-23-96. FiTi: "The race is on for global groups to develop    'electronic purses' using smart cards."       "We are moving into the electronic age where money will       just be information about the wealth you have," says       Visa. Some companies believe that parts of the body,       rather than paper or coins, can be used to establish the       amount of money somebody has available to spend.    WaPo: "Group Plans Challenge To Net Address Monopoly."       The end may be at hand for the virtual monopoly that       Network Solutions holds over the registration of       Internet addresses. The Internet Assigned Numbers       Authority, the Internet Society and IETF will organize       a competition for the right to operate new registries.       The group's aim is to create alternatives to the       established categories of Internet addresses.    NYP: "Flaw Said to Be Found in Microsoft's Browser."       Markoff's report on the Princeton group's discovery.    -----      (17 kb for 3)    BOD_ies

@_date: 1996-08-24 05:18:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Future Of Cyber Terrorism 
This quackery-puffery is truely hilarious. Worth reading for brave attempt to distinguish between
our-adorable-intelligent-children qua hackers and terrifying
next-door-neighbors so differently-abled-from-us cyber-terrorists. Unsubtly shaded white, off-white, black and blacknet movie-plotting. Thus Sprachen Zarathrustran Klaus: Commerce in
ignorant-inner-fear-panderings regulation time.

@_date: 1996-08-24 11:29:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CyberTerrorism 
On Aug 23, 1996 18:34:42, '"Institute for Security and Intelligence"
 ---------    Dear Mr. Collin,    Thank you for writing. And for the cyber-terrorism hoot,    which helps purge ignorant fears with insightful    laughter.    The best way I know for citizens to ease their induced-    panic of terrorism in all forms -- gov, com, edu, org --    is to become more informed. And to be wary of "terrorist    threats" in all their burgeoning guises -- "national    security" being one of the most deceitful.    To counter Nat Sec snake oil in the rising commerce in    "cyber-terrorism" (a residue of the natsec oil tank)    citizens should participate in the wit and wisdom of    wide-open Internet mail-lists dealing with computer    privacy and security.    The best of these is the list Cypherpunks. (E-mail "info"    to majordomo at toad.com.)    Cypherpunks, far more tolerant and less treacherously    commercially self-serving than all others, explores an    amazing range of CompSec issues, technologies, policies,    strategies and fantasies. Its archive of several years    offers a historical treasure on the transformation of    state control of comp tech to its service of the    citizenry.    This is exemplified by Cypherpunks primary focus,    cryptography, and the diverse ways it has moved from    narrow use to conceal privileged power to widespread    application to protect individual privacy (especially    those dissenting to heirarchical authority -- gov, com,    edu, org).    Your agent provocateurist comedy on cyber-terrorist    inebriation could be enriched by hanging on Cypherpunks,    say, your buffoonery for secret briefing. "If you knew    what I knew" is a natsec-butt joke there, as it is    becoming globally to liberated citizen-units bellowing    "FA."    Congrats on exposing TLA-dementia of cyber-terrorism and    defanging its counter-agents by encouraging belly-    laughing at the all-too-blatant hype-artistry. Only Jim    Kallstrom does it better.    Best regards,    jya

@_date: 1996-08-25 05:35:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: HYS_ter 
8-24-96. NYP:    "Investigators Look at History of Terrorism to Compile a    List of Suspects in Crash."       Over the years, terrorists have demonstrated frightening       expertise in making bombs and concealing them. "The fact       of the matter is that we found out terrorists could       create bombs that were very, very difficult to detect,"       says the FBI.       "A fairly small amount, well placed, can do the job,"       said Dr. Jimmie Oxley, of the NRC's airline security       committee. "A colleague once said he could do it with a       gram, in the right place."       Bomb-making technology continually advances, as Israeli       authorities discovered in 1986 when they intercepted a       suitcase being smuggled in from the Gaza Strip. The       terrorists appeared to have spun the suitcase on a       centrifuge that allowed the plastic explosive to flow       into its corners and virtually disappear.       Ariel Merari, who has studied hundreds of terrorist       incidents, says bombers are limited only by their own       imaginations when it comes to building bombs and finding       ways to get them aboard airliners. "However," he said,       "the use of sophisticated bombs are more likely to be       the work of state-sponsored terrorism than anything       else."    -----      (11 kb) Via:     HYS_ter

@_date: 1996-08-25 05:36:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SLE_uth 
8-25-96. NYP:    "When Buildings Fall, an Engineer Becomes a Sleuth."    A zero-crypto report on forensic engineering firms which    investigate blimp-market buildings rigged-to-blow by     cardinal conspiracy of the realestate.pumpery.    -----      (9 kb)    SLE_uth

@_date: 1996-08-27 00:03:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NAV_ios 
8-26-96, NYP:    "A Netscape Bid For the Souls of New Machines." Markoff.       Netscape plans on Monday to announce that it has created       a software company that will enter an alliance with       I.B.M., Oracle and four Japanese consumer electronics       giants. The venture, called the Navio Corporation,       intends to develop refined software for browsing the       Internet and a new OS that Netscape hopes will become a       standard means for controlling Internet access and basic       operations for a broad range of consumer devices.       The four Japanese companies in the alliance -- Sony,       Nintendo, Sega and NEC -- are dominant in producing a       variety of home entertainment devices, and the expected       announcement, analysts said, suggested that the       Internet, which until now has largely been a business       and educational marketplace, would soon vastly broaden       its scope.    -----      (8 kb)    NAV_ios

@_date: 1996-08-27 12:12:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CLE_nup 
8-26-96. FiTi:    "Cleaning up the global economy. Policymakers must ponder    the effects of money laundering."       Is money laundering - as opposed to the crimes which       produce it - necessarily such a bad thing?       As Vito Tanzi notes in his IMF paper, the fact that       money launderers are not fussy about economic       fundamentals can help governments continue to pursue lax       fiscal and monetary policies if they are equally unfussy       about the origin of capital inflows. A pact with the       devil, perhaps. But for many countries it may seem more       attractive than signing up to a global financial market       equivalent of Neighbourhood Watch.       + Money Laundering and the International Financial       System, IMF working paper, May 1996.    -----      (7 kb)    CLE_nup

@_date: 1996-08-28 11:30:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DEF_con 
8-26-96. EeTi:    "Unix gives hackers a crack at systems."       Las Vegas: Many of the hacking elite were on the       Internet long before the World Wide Web was a gleam in       the eye of inventor Tim Berners Lee. And these folks       know the best-kept secret of gaining access to-and       control of-someone else's electronic property: Unix.       An expert underground Web cracker who goes by the       handle +ORC noted with apparent glee: "With each       company that connects to the Net, new frontiers are       created for crackers to explore."       Indeed, even as many old-line hackers of the sort who       gathered here recently for the DefCon convention go       legit, some starting cyber-security companies of their       own, Internet-security experts look with trepidation       to the next, more threatening wave of cybercrime.       Perhaps the legendary hacker group l0pht is the best       example of the thin line between cybercriminal and       corporate comer. Several members spoke at DefCon,       notably Death Vegetable, administrator of the Cult of       the Dead Cow; and Mudge, the brilliant encryption       cracker who devised the S/Key Cracker's Toolkit and       posted it on the Net, much to the chagrin of Bellcore,       S/Key's owners.    -----      (9 kb)    DEF_con

@_date: 1996-08-28 11:43:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SUN_pak 
08-26-96. MiPa:    System for signatureless transmission and reception of    data packets between computer networks (Assignee -- Sun    Microsystems, Inc.)    Abstract: A system for automatically encrypting and    decrypting data packet sent from a source host to a    destination host across a public internetwork.    Inventors: Aziz; Mulligan; Patterson; Scott.    -----      (6 kb)    SUN_pak

@_date: 1996-08-29 08:25:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Real or Not ? 
As a vulture investor in pgp.com I heartily endorse Paul's aggressive
cooperation with the Feds. Would not have trusted him with my tax-haven
wealth had he not had the balls to fight the gov to build his rep and then
wisely get in bed for the loving.   That's how we gonna leverage PGP's worldwide trust to make lotsa dough like
all the patriotic giants of computer boom-boom-boom -- fake-fight the gov
and betray, betray, betray the stupes.  Don't waste your life being a principled, poor outsider. Dive deep into the
shit with the titanic buzzards of the industry. It'll make your drooling
alma mater and yo sweet juicy momma call you a genius.

@_date: 1996-08-30 16:00:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: LAT_ice 
8-23-96. Science:    "Lattices May Put Security Codes on a Firmer Footing."       Miklos Ajtai, a mathematician at IBM Almaden, has       provided the kind of guarantee of hardness that       cryptographers are looking for. He has proved that       examples picked at random from a particular class of       problems are, with exceedingly rare exceptions, as       hard to solve as the hardest ones imaginable. A code       that embedded messages in these problems so that only       someone equipped with the answers could decode them       would provide something close to a guarantee of       security.    8-29-96. WaJo:    "Cybersleuths Help Make Java Safe for Browsers."       Over the past year, Wallach, Dean, Felten and Balfanz        have become self-styled policemen for some of the       hottest Internet software around. Like many fellow       hackers, they find thrills in the search for others'       mistakes. But unlike some of their brethren, they're       using their skills to make the software better by       informing the companies of their findings, rather than       exploiting the errors maliciously.    -----      (13kb for 2)    LAT_ice ----------    Seth Lloyd, MIT, has a 5-page report on "Universal     Quantum Simulators" in Science of 23 August, which     confirms Feynman's 1982 conjecture that quantum     computers can be programmed to simulate any local     quantum system.    There are quite a few equations so we have not scanned     it to .txt. However, we will scan as JPEG images for     those who are interested.    Send us a blank message with subject UQS_fey.    There will be a delay to honor knothead labor, me.

@_date: 1996-08-31 09:51:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GAK by TIS 
Network World, August 26, 1996, Page 1    Key-escrow firewall ready to leave the country    by Ellen Messner, Washington D.C.    After months of talk about exporting encryption software,    there will finally be action.    Fulfilling the Clinton Administration's vow to end export    restrictions on strong encryption products if they use    key-escrow features, the U.S. government this week is    expected to permit Trusted Information Systems, Inc.    (TIS) to sell its Data Encryption Standard (DES)-equipped    Gauntlet firewall overseas.    Such exports will allow U.S.-based companies to    standardize on an encrypting firewall for all global    operations.    The Department of Commerce is granting mass-market export    status to a specific version of the Gauntlet firewall    based on a key-escrow scheme that gives U.S. law    enforcement access to a master key for decrypting IP    datastreams.    The master key for each firewall will reside at Oakland,    Calif.-based Source Files, Inc., the third-party private    key holder chosen under the government's groundbreaking    plan.    Vice President Al Gore has supported the Defense    Department's view that unbreakable encryption should be    controlled because it is a powerful weapon and subject to    misuse by criminals and terrorists. However, Gore    recently said the government will allow mass export of    64-bit encryption products if they use key escrow. The    agreement with TIS is the first evidence that the policy    is being put into practice.    Until now, few companies other than banks could get the    State Department and National Security Agency (NSA) to    let them export 56-bit and higher Data Encryption    Standard (DES) products. Only 40-bit products, easily    broken with available computer resources, were allowed    for mass-market export.    "We're on the verge of a major shift," said TIS president    Steve Walker last week. TIS expects to unveil a raft of    other vendors in the network industry that will license    the TIS data recovery method for accessing data encrypted    with a session key.    The government is also considering approving other third-    party keyholders in addition to Source File, which has    traditionally held source code in escrow on behalf of    companies worried about the long-term viability of their    suppliers.    Just say no    Not all are key-escrow converts, however. In fact, it is    painfully clear that corporations will continue to balk    at the prospect of their encryption keys being held by a    third party or the government.    Netherlands-based Royal Dutch Petroleum Co., with    hundreds of subsidiaries and offices all over the world,    is looking to ditch dedicated private lines and send    encrypted IP traffic over the Internet instead.    The State Department's mass-market license for the    Gauntlet means TIS can compete to provide Royal Dutch    Petroleum with its encrypting firewall. But Homayoon    Tajalli, TIS vice president, acknowledged that the Dutch    oil conglomerate is unwilling to hand its encryption keys    over to Source File.    Hence, as part of negotiations with the U.S. and Dutch    governments, Royal Dutch Petroleum agreed to operate its    own data recovery center for the Gauntlet master keys.    Royal Dutch Petroleum would hand over the master    encryption keys to to Dutch law enforcement, which in    turn would give the keys to U.S. authorities "if the    government shows up with a valid warrant," Tajalli said.    TIS went to great lengths to broker the international    arrangement, and hopes that not every firewall export    will entail such laborious negotiations.    Some firewall users are extremely ambiguous about the    government's key-escrow plan.    "I'm not sure I want the government to have that    ability," said Doug Miller, information systems manager    at Bluestone Corp. "At all cost, we've got to keep the    government out of business operations."    [End]    Thanks to BC.

@_date: 1996-09-01 07:52:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BOM_ban 
Thanks to DL for noting this report.    8-31-96. WaPo:    "New Airport Bomb Plan Considered. Computer Profiles,    High-Tech Detectors Central to System"       A presidential commission on aviation security is       considering a bomb detection plan that would require       U.S. airlines to scrutinize all passengers at U.S.       airports using massive computer files to identify       potential terrorists or other suspicious individuals.       The plan would require creation of a computer profiling       system that would examine passengers' bill-paying       records, flying habits and much other data to determine       which checked baggage should undergo examination by       sophisticated explosives detection equipment.       Numerous legal issues still need to be resolved,       including thorny civil liberties questions such as       whether the airlines would be given access to       information from government computer systems like those       containing criminal records.       Would the airlines store information on individuals?       Would they go out and seek information from credit       bureaus and other private sources?    -----      (10 kb) via anonymizer    BOM_ban

@_date: 1996-12-03 14:45:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TIA Counsel Writes 
Fax header: Dec 03 '96 03:57PM  D'Ancona &Pflaum D'Ancona & Pflaum, Suite 2900, 30 North LaSalle Street,
Chicago, Illinois. Telephone (312) 580-2000. Fax (312) 580-
By Certified Mail
Return Receipt Requested
and by Fax (212) 799-4003
Mr. John Young 251 West 89th Street Suite 6E New York, New York 10024
Dear Mr. Young:
I am writing to you as general counsel of Telecommunications
Industry Association ("TIA") which, as you may know, is
engaged in the formulation and publication of standards in
the communications field. At the request of our client, on
November 26, 1996, I accessed your WEB site and both viewed
and printed out a list of links to documents dealing with
encryption. Among them were documents described as a CAVE
Report, CAVE Table and a CAVE Algorithm dated November 20
and November 21, 1996.
In this fashion I was also able to view and print out the
algorithm document of TIA's Committee TR45.3, with a clear
statement that the information in the document may be
subject to the export juristiction of the U. S. Department
of State under the applicable regulations.
The posting on the WEB site of these documents is, in our
opinion, a violation of the copyright of TIA and unlawful.
Furthermore, the posting of the algorithm may constitute a
violation of applicable export regulations. It seems in any
event that it will be a violation under regulations to be
drafted pursuant to the President's Executive Order of
November 15, 1996 which was also accessed by me on your WEB
I returned to the site last Friday and yesterday, December 2
and noticed that these documents are no longer there. I
commend you removing them, but ask for your assurances that
they will not be posted again. In addition, it is important
that we know how you received this documentation which is
strictly restricted in its circulation.
I would appreciate hearing from you at your very earliest
Paul H. Vishny
      fax (214) 761-7520
Mr. Vishny and I spoke about his fax. I said that the CAVE-
related documents would not be reposted on my Web site, and
that TR45.3 had come by anonymous mail, as have others we've
published. Mr. Vishny said TIA intended to take no action on
this matter but its members must abide NDA.
Don't know what the Feds will do with Susan Hoyler's
notification about TR45.3. Along with several telcomm biggies
some Ft. Meade servers siphoned TR45.3 and most other files on the site -- several times. Well, well!
WSJ also remonstrated yesterday; we'll share that thank-you

@_date: 1996-12-03 15:19:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Dow-Jones Counsel Writes 
(Legal Department - Dow Jones & Co. NYC)
I am an attorney with Dow Jones & Company, Inc.  I came
across your Web site recently and saw that you have incorporated articles from The Wall Street Journal, which is a publication of Dow Jones.  Dow Jones is pleased that readers find information in The Wall Street Journal important enough to communicate to other Web users.  The articles I've seen are, or have been, located at
              and We also appreciate your encouraging others to take a look
at our articles.  The problem is that posting our copyrighted material at your site violates copyright laws, even if you give us credit, and even if you don't charge people to read the posted material.  The same would be true if someone were to republish material that you created without your permission. You can, of course, recommend stories from The Wall Street
Journal at your site by citing the headline and the date of the article and providing a brief description.  And those articles can be viewed quite easily for a modest subscription fee in The Wall Street Journal Interactive Edition, the Web site of The Wall Street Journal (
While we hope you keep reading The Wall Street Journal, you
must remove our articles from any Web site you control as soon as possible.
If you want to talk to me about this, you can reach me at (212) 416-3108.
Many thanks.
Hunter Farrell
Dow Jones & Company, Inc.
We thanked Mr. Farrell for his courteous note, promised to keep WSJ articles off our site and read the paper.

@_date: 1996-12-04 05:15:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: OPE_nup 
Two reports on BSA's letter Monday to Gore opposing crypto export regulations as "headed in the wrong direction." And
claims the administration has "significantly backtracked" since
announcing the new policy October 1. IBM, MS, et al are withdrawing earlier support for it.
Without change, BSA said, encryption export policies will fail as did Administration policy of Clipper.

@_date: 1996-12-06 09:43:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: UNR_avl 
12-06-96, NYT:
Compromise on Encryption Exports Seems to Unravel
"We really feel that there has been a bait and switch situation and I'm not going to be silent about it," said Roel Pieper, chief executive and vice chairman of Tandem Computers. A Nov. 15 executive order that transferred export oversight to Commerce contained several new wrinkles that even previous industry supporters consider potential deal breakers. For one thing, the Justice Department would play a consulting role to the Commerce Department, which industry executives see as giving law-enforcement officials too big a role in the export process. And they contend that the order prescribes a system that might enable law-enforcement officials to unscramble messages while they are being transmitted, rather than after the fact, as the IBM compromise had seemed to specify.

@_date: 1996-12-08 08:19:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: KEE_pin 
The NYT reports today on the administration's new
national security team and the formulation of policy
to focus on international crime as a national security
Cited are thriving Russian black marketers selling hardware,
software, and skills developed by the USSR; high-technology which has speeded communication and dissolved national borders; the diffusion of many enemies rather than a single
The nature of crime has changed. No longer limited to drugs,
terrorism and flight from justice, now there's money
laundering, kidnapping, smuggling, credit card scams, even
auto theft.
It describes measures to combat this threat to all nations by cooperating and competing foreign affairs, intelligence and law-enforcement agencies around the world. None so trusting of each other.
Some fund- and purpose-scrambling agencies klaxon that international crime is now as grave as nuclear proliferation
and ethnic conflict. The three threats may merge, and new nations are at greatest peril.
Which supports the administration's bulldogged clamp on crypto export limits: if we knew what they knew about
rogue, ex-officials arranging their future with successors
inside -- they need to communicate in private.
What crypto will Perry, Deutch and consorts use to keep
secrets among the few who know what we don't -- yet? Cryptanalysts, dissolve borders set by secret pacts.

@_date: 1996-12-09 10:26:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Baran on Net Security 
RAND has put on it Web site eleven "classics" on distributed
communications, most of them by Paul Baran. They offer good background to current debate on secrecy, security and cryptography. Here are the contents of No. 9 on security.
     August 1964
On Distributed Communications:
IX Security, Secrecy, and Tamper-Free Considerations
Paul Baran
Contents, Preface, Summary, Foreword
I.   Introduction
II.  The Paradox of the Secrecy About Secrecy      The Assumption of a Clear Dichotomy Between Classified      and Unclassified Subject Matter
     Cost and Result of Present-Day Cryptographic Equipment
     On Secrecy of Secrecy
III. Some Fundamentals of Cryptography      Digital Transmission
     Layers of Encryption
IV.  Implications for the Distributed Network System      Link-by-Link Cryptography in the Distributed Network
     End-to-End Cryptography in the Distributed Network
     Genealogy of the Keys
     Generation and Distribution of Keys
     Protection Offered by Semi-Random Path Choice
V.   A "Devil's Advocate" Examination
Use of a Function of N-Boolean Variables as a Second-Order
Modifier for "Next-Key" Generation

@_date: 1996-12-09 11:36:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Advent of Netwar 
A RAND publication relates to the administration's focus on borderless crime and/or dissent as national security threats:
The Advent of Netwar.
J. Arquilla, D.F. Ronfeldt
118 pp, 1996. $15.00 ISBN: 0833024140
Key concepts:
   Cybernetics -- Military aspects;    Electronic intelligence;    Military art and science -- Technological innovations;
   Communications, Military -- Technological aspects;    Electronic countermeasures Abstract: The information revolution is leading to the rise of network forms of organization, with unusual implications for how societies are organized and conflicts are conducted. "Netwar" is an emerging consequence. The term refers to societal conflict and crime, short of war, in which the protagonists are organized more as sprawling "leaderless" networks than as tight-knit hierarchies. Many terrorists, criminals, fundamentalists, and ethno-nationalists are developing netwar capabilities. A new generation of revolutionaries and militant radicals is also emerging, with new doctrines, strategies, and technologies that support their reliance on network forms of organization. Netwar may be the dominant mode of societal conflict in the 21st century. These conclusions are implied by the evolution of societies, according to a framework presented in this RAND study. The emergence of netwar raises the need to rethink strategy and doctrine to conduct counternetwar. Traditional notions of war and low-intensity conflict as a sequential process based on massing, maneuvering, and fighting will likely prove inadequate to cope with nonlinear, swarm-like, information-age conflicts in which societal and military elements are closely intermingled. There is a summary of this document and ordering info at:

@_date: 1996-12-09 11:42:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Chaum to Step Aside 
According to knowledgeable sources,
Digicash b.v., the Dutch-based privately held
Internet payment company that was founded and
is chaired by Chaum, is in the market for a new
top executive.
The 6-year-old company plans to make
Chaum, the ponytailed inventor of Digicash's
innovative payment system, chief technology
officer and to hire a new CEO to run the

@_date: 1996-12-09 15:14:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FIPS key recovery meeting (long) 
Forward from: cyberia-l at LISTSERV.AOL.COM
        John Taber and I attended the first meeting of the technical
advisory committee to develop a Federal Information Processing Standard
(FIP) for the federal "key management infrastructure."  The meeting was
held December 5 and 6, 1996 near the Dallas/Fort Worth Airport.  Although
the official documents referred only to "key recovery" instead of "key
escrow", representatives used both terms interchangeably.
        The committee is an advisory body to the Dept. of Commerce. Its
recommendations pass through the National Institute of Technical Standards
(NIST).  The charter states membership will be no more than 24, so the ten
"federal liaisons" present are apparently not considered members of the
committee.  The chairman is Stephen Kent, chief scientist for information
security at BBN Systems.
        The other members of the committee were employees of various
computer and computer-security firms, including Sun Microsystems,
Microsoft, Intel, Lucent Technologies, Cisco Systems, Digital Equipment,
IBM and Motorola.  Some security related firms were Trusted Systems,
GlobalKey, and CygnaCom.  Officials from Chase Manhattan Bank and Visa
were also present.  The only academic member was Dorothy Denning of
Georgetown University.
        The government liaisons included Michael Gilmore of the FBI, Jan
Manning of NSA, and representatives of NIST, the Federal Reserve Bank, and
the Defense Information Systems Agency.  Some representatives were from
agencies having no apparent need for cryptography, and therefore key
recovery, such as the Small Business Administration and the Social
Security Administration.  Kent later questioned why the SBA would need key
recovery when it had no need to store encrypted data.  SSA needs
encryption only when it receives confidential information over insecure
        Mary Good of the Commerce Department opened the meeting with a
speech charging the committee to develop a federal key-recovery standard
that can be extended to "public policy".  Good urged the committee to
confine itself to technical issues only, and arrive at a standard that
could be implemented and would not be merely theoretical.  Good also asked
for "transparency" in key recovery, and a couple of the government
liaisons mentioned this as well.  Kent's opening remarks included the
comment that the FIPS would only deal with crypto key recovery, not
recovery of digital signatures, or with public key certification.
        Most of the rest of the first day was taken up with introductions
and comments by the members and liaisons.  The general tenor of comments
from corporate representatives was that key recovery had not been
important to their customers, and while they did not oppose a key recovery
standard for the government, they did oppose any effort to make it
mandatory or make it a requirement for export.  Some differed on whether
an export requirement would be a problem.
        Some typical comments follow.  GlobalKey (which runs a private
encrypted mail system) said using key escrow would be against is policy,
and its customers would not accept it.  Oracle stated it had had no
requirement for key escrow from customers and saw no need for key escrow
from its customers.  It supported software-only solutions, and emphasized
they must have no classified content.  Motorola stated it was important
not to impact the performance of wireless systems.  Motorola advocated an
open system supporting multiple algorithms and opposed the trusted
third-party concept.  Microsoft said it was pragmatic, willing to provide
key recovery if customers want it, but it definitely does not want it
mandated, nor tied in with export licensing.  The Digicom member assumed
the committee was not concerned with individual privacy rights vis-a-vis
the corporate employer's power to recover an employee's encrypted message.
        Jan Manning of NSA and Patricia Edfors of Treasury said the
government had a corporate interest in key recovery like any other
business, as well as for national security or law enforcement purposes.
Manning agreed there was no place in the FIPS for concern over individual
privacy rights and urged the committee to avoid privacy issues.
        Kent said another issue the committee would face was the
timeliness of any response required to a key-recovery request.  Gilmore of
FBI says the FBI's need for timeliness would vary, depending on the
investigation.  Denning said that data other than law-enforcement related
messages could need timely recovery, citing encrypted medical data, or
encrypted data from some kind of sensor.  Another parameter for timeliness
would be the number of requests made in a given time.
        Although the issue was not explicitly debated, the commercial
members seemed to feel that key recovery should be directed to stored
data, while the government representatives were clearly using the term to
cover both stored data and communications.  Someone asked how session keys
in a communication system were archived, and Denning remarked she didn't
know of any system which archived session keys.  The following morning,
Kent said the issues included key recovery for storage, key recovery for
communications, and key recovery for staged delivery (email).  This seemed
to remove the doubts some members had about the scope of the proposal.  We
were left wondering how key archiving could possibly work in
communications networks.  Consider a system where encrypted packets arrive
in any order, with different keys and different key expirations.
        After a commenter asked for clarification of who the users of the
new standard were assumed to be, Kent stated:  "The government wants the
FIPS so that industry will produce products that government can use, and
others will use as well."  When another commenter pointed out that a user
could defeat a key-recovery system with superencryption or other means,
Kent said "...we have to be willing to let [that case] slip through the
        Some participants attempted to distinguish between key backup and
key recovery, the latter being the case where the parties to the
communication are themselves unwilling to give up keys.  Denning responded
that "key recovery _is_ backup."  The distinction seems to be about who is
a party to the communication--the corporation whose employee has lost his
keys, or the employee himself.  Confusion on this point may exist because
the members didn't distinguish the case where an entity using key recovery
doesn't care about it in particular cases, but another entity, government,
very well might.
        Kent asked if the new standard should require a data recovery
field in encrypted messages or files, and if so, should there be check for
integrity of this field.  Requiring a recipient to check this would
encourage senders to use the standard.  Someone asked how a recipient
could check if a sender were, in fact, escrowing data, even if the field
were present.  Others said requiring a data-recovery field would make
compatibility difficult for older systems, or "...those choosing not to
use key recovery."  Some expressed concern for the impact on system
performance of sending extra bits.  Miles Smid of NIST once referred to
the data-recovery field as a "LEAF," invoking some laughter from those
recalling Clipper's "law-enforcement access field."
        Following a question on interoperability with systems not using
the standard, Manning of NSA said the new export law required products to
interoperate only with products using key recovery.  This brought some
irritated responses from the commercial members.   One asked if the
government had some bottom line the committee would have to accept if
there were to be a FIPS.  Manning said NSA had some requirements, and he
assumed the FBI did as will.  Kent suggested the government side put
together a position paper.  A member then asked who the customers of FIPS
were supposed to be; given the government's special requirements, why was
industry input even needed?  Smid of NIST said industry input was needed,
or no one would build systems for the government to use; also, the
government may be involved in key recovery in commercial systems where
"...public safety is involved."  (It seemed plain that "public safety" in
this committee is a code word for "law enforcement").
        Kent suggested that if private parties want to operate
key-recovery services (apparently meaning escrow services), they would
have some negligence defense if they used a federal standard.
        On the following day, December 6, Dorothy Denning presented a
high-level schematic of key recovery associated with key fields and
encrypted data.  The schematic was thrown together the night before.  She
promised to make it available on her web page
        Patricia Edfors of Treasury spoke about federal public key
infrastructure pilot projects.  She also described an "Emergency Access
Demonstration Project," which was to "demonstrate the viability of key
recovery, as a security service, for federal business applications."  The
project is to last 9-15 months, beginning August 1996.  There will
apparently be participation between certain government agencies and some
private firm.  Edfors said no attempt would be made to recover digital
signature keys, create a key management infrastructure, or mandate which
cryptography is used.  However, "export requirements" will apply to all
        Kent wondered why the government would need key recovery for
itself. He seemed to feel that key recovery for an individual's worksation
is a data protection issue (backups) rather than true key recovery.
Members mentioned a few cases where an employee was unable to decrypt his
files, but no one knew of a case where an organization was unable to
obtain shared data (e.g., a database), because it was encrypted.  Other
members seemed reluctant to accept his distinction.  They seem to view key
recovery as a way to audit proper use of organization assets by employees,
or to protect the organization from malicious acts of employees, or to
recover data if a custodian is run over by a bus.
        Discussions continued to frame the issues for the project and
assign functional tasks for sub-committees.  Gilmore of the FBI said most
key-recover issues would arise (for law enforcement) in the context of
search warrants, not wiretaps, although the latter could be very
important.  In a question as to how long escrowed or archived keys should
be kept, Gilmore said as long as the data existed, which might be
indefinitely.  When pressed, Gilmore said this was because some crimes
have no statute of limitation.  We thought some members might be mentally
calculating storage requirements for session keys in a large
communications system, if key storage and indexing was to be indefinite.
        Manning of NSA said the National Archives, for example, would have
to have access to recovery keys forever.  No one asked why the National
Archives might be archiving encrypted data.
        Boland of GlobalKey also asked about keys to encrypted voice or video.
No one seemed to have thought of this before.
        Kent wrapped things up with a list of issues for discussion at
the next meeting.  These included:
        --the threat model
        --interoperability
        --key recovery agents
        --performance issues, computation and bandwidth
        --algorithm independence
        --enforcement measures
        The next meeting will be held in the San Francisco area on
February 19 and 20, 1996.  Before then the members will confer by email
and attempt to set up working groups to present papers on particular
        The meeting ended with an opportunity for public comment.  None
was offered.
        Our opinion was that the only reason for the existence of this
project was the insistence of the government, primarily the law
enforcement and state security agencies.  Private industry seems to feel
there is little demand for a key-recovery standard, since those needing it
can implement it themselves.  Industry representatives were obviously
worried about export restrictions requiring key escrow, and possible
attempts to make it mandatory in some way.  As corporations use encryption
more and more, there will obviously be a need to develop key recovery
systems inside the firm.  The justification for a federal standard,
however, seems weak.
        We felt that this project would probably end in failure, through
inability of the industry and government parties to compromise, or if a
standard did issue, few private firms would use it.  It's even doubtful
a standard could be completed and adopted before private systems are
firmly in place.  Is the whole thing just more of the government's
increasingly delusional effort to control private cryptography, or does
someone besides the security agencies really want a standard?
The committee will post information at   We can fax a
copy of the materials handed out.  We'll try to answer any questions by
email (or phone, if you're really in a hurry).

@_date: 1996-12-09 19:08:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FIPS Meeting Material 
John Thomas has provided copies of printed material
handed out at the Dallas meeting on FIPS for the Federal
Key Management Infrastructure (KMI) on December 5-6.
It consists of lists of particpants, charts, diagrams and
outlines of the government's prayerful intentions for KMI which Mr. Thomas admirably assessed in his post earlier today.
We've digitized and put it with his post on the meeting at:
     Thanks to Mr. Thomas and Bowles & Thomas, L.L.P.

@_date: 1996-12-11 09:52:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Data Security in Buildings 
As follow-up of the recent discussion of RF detection,
we've put a 1995 article on data security in buildings at:
     It describes architectural measures to protect data beyond
that provided by encryption. We offered this article by E-mail in 1995. Ta-da: a request came from DOJ.
It cautions that the global snooping is booming, so what worked in 1995 may be Moscow-Embassy Potemkin: for
security hire an ex-KGB spookitect!

@_date: 1996-12-11 12:23:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Commerce Crypto Export Regs 
Forward from: cyberia-l at listserv.aol.com
Steptoe and Johnson have kindly posted the draft Commerce Department
regulations on encryption exports at If you have trouble getting through, we've mirrored this document at:

@_date: 1996-12-12 04:08:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EXT_ort 
"U.S. Will Modestly Revise Encryption Exports Rule"
 The Administration will modestly revise controversial  export rules for computer encoding technology after a  private meeting Wednesday with computer and  telecommunications companies, Reinsch said after the  hour and a half long meeting. Industry officials argued at  the meeting that the draft rules were unclear or unworkable  on a number of points. BSA said, "We are not optimistic that  these rules will be turned around and we feel going to  Congress is our only option."
 "Industry Gears Up To Oppose Newest Encryption Plan"
 Opposition is mounting to the newest draft plan floated Mon.  by the Administration. One company representative called  the plan "policy extortion." Until now, most opposition has  come from software industry; some hardware  companies  are now starting to edge away.
 One rule appeared to expand types of communications  subject to key system, noting that rule said that products  referred to text of "encrypted data and communications."  That could be interpreted as e-mail. The document  showed that law enforcement agencies had the upper  hand.

@_date: 1996-12-12 08:04:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: New E-commerce Paper: 
A new electronic commerce paper:
  "Internet Markets: Emerging Business Models"
  By Dan Yurman
  December 11, 1996
  Abstract
  What are business models for profiting on the net?
  Perhaps the best metaphor to describe Internet business   is that it is like the California gold rush of 1849. A   wave of entrepreneurial start-ups have entered the field,   but all are struggling to find the gold. The miners are   going broke while the saloon and general store owners,   and the brothels, are prospering. Anyone who wants to   make real money in mass markets is going to have to   break the mold of "business as usual" and offer real   value which is not available offline. Meanwhile,   business-to-business commerce is growing using the   time-based value of data exchange as a pricing mechanism.
  This brief paper considers the business models and   related success factors which favor profitability for   doing business on the Internet. It addresses four areas:
  + Mass Markets
  + Business-to-Business Markets
  + Online Banking
  + Advertising
    (44 kb)

@_date: 1996-12-13 04:54:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: KRA_gak 
12-12-96
 "High-Tech Leaders to Facilitate Recovery of Encrypted
 Information Globally. Key Recovery Alliance Welcomes 29  New Members"
 The key recovery alliance has more than tripled its membership  and identified its charter objectives.
 + expediting the widespread, global use of strong encryption  + evaluating technologies that are flexible and scaleable to meet
 various changing commercial needs and policies  + promoting interoperability between different key recovery and  non-key recovery solutions  + defining a commercial infrastructure for worldwide development  of strong encryption  + maximizing security for business
 To facilitate meeting these and other objectives, the alliance
 identified a series of working committees targeted to meet within
 the next 60 days. Soon after this 60-day period, the now
 40-member alliance will re-convene to mark the progress of these
 committees and to identify future benchmarks and deliverables.
 The new members of the alliance are: America Online, Inc.,
 Certicom, Compaq Computer Corporation, CygnaCom Solutions,
 Inc., Cylink Corporation, Data Securities International, Inc.,  First Data Corporation, Digital Signature Trust Company, Gradient
 Technologies, Inc., ICL, McAfee, Mitsubishi Corporation of
 Japan, Motorola, Mytec Technologies, Inc., Network Systems
 Group of StorageTek, Nortel, Novell, Inc., PSA, Price
 Waterhouse, Racal Data Group, Rainbow Technologies, SafeNet
 Trusted Services Corporation, Secure Computing, SourceFile,
 Sterling Commerce, Telequip, Unisys, Utimaco Mergent, and
 VPNet Technologies.
 "IBM SecureWay Framework To Accelerate Growth of Electronic
 Business"
 IBM announced a new framework which will advance secure  electronic business by making it possible for diverse security  offerings to work together. The IBM SecureWay Key Management  Framework will let businesses use encryption products  interchangeably.
 The new framework will provide for the easy adoption of new
 and existing key recovery technologies, while not disturbing
 existing cryptographic and other security functions and
 operations. It will effectively isolate the application from the
 unique properties of a specific key recovery implementation.
 A white paper describing the SecureWay Key Management
 Framework is available at KRA_gak  (19 kb)

@_date: 1996-12-13 19:09:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CPU_two 
12-13-96
 "A hardware device may offer a solution to software virus
 problems"  Calluna, a Scottish disc drive company, has developed a  hardware product which it believes offers computers complete  protection against viruses. It consists of a microprocessor  on a small circuit board which is placed between the PC's  hard disc drive and its system board, and which functions  independently of the PC's own CPU as a second CPU. The  microprocessor can be programmed to monitor all traffic being  routed to the PC's hard disc drive. If it detects virus-like  activity or any other illegal activity it alerts the user and  allows the option of blocking access to the hard disc drive.
 The second CPU could also be allocated partitioned sections
 of the computer's hard drive to store all material
 downloaded from the Internet. Or the device could be used  as a firewall to prevent unauthorised access to the PC's  hard drive.
 [Might this have crypto use?]
 CPU_two

@_date: 1996-12-14 17:45:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ITARs effects 
What was never certain in Phil's case, I believe, is how the
code got out of the US. Whether it was deliberately sent outside the
US by someone, or just made available on a US site which was accessible from outside the US.
The TIA lawyer who wrote me about TR453 indicated that there has
been legal dispute about whether mere placement of ITAR-regulated code on a US site, accessible from outside the US, means that
the code has been exported by the person placing it there (as I did
with the CAVE code on an AOL server in Virginia), or whether the
export is done by an accessor who is usually not be subject to US law.
The new regs intend to close that loophole, as Peter Junger states, and
as the TIA lawyer also indicated, that is, to codify the illegality of putting such code on a site accessible from "outside" the US, or by a "non-US person" inside the US. Heretofore, regulation has been by jaw-boning (as the TIA lawyer jaw-boned me about copyright villation of the uncopyrighted TR453).
This is the point about two definitions of geography in conflict -- physical
and electronic -- and how state-oriented law is attempting to assert control of the cyber-dissolving national borders. Similar to the struggle over electronic dissolution of intellectual property.
As a speaker noted in a recent Congressional crypto hearing: government-
aggressive law of cyberspace aims to define a nation's borders well beyond physical territory. As similarly argued against allowing "non-US persons" to
study regulated crypto in Professor Junger's class.
As others have noted here, other loopholes of by electronic reality are being closed by the new regs, even if First Amendment transgression But I'm not sure that the lawyers are not condemned to trail the leading edge of technology, as ever -- in crypto-munitions as in First Amendment and intellectual property betrayals, misrepresentations and rear guard actions.
Reading the new crypto export regs and comparing them to earlier incarnations is instructive. Observe those insertions of bits and bytes of contortinate intellectual labor -- never quite able to get the legilation to fit all the
looming permutations of technology -- unable, that is, to stitch the wounds of the stumbling, flailing superpower, unsure where the foe is located who is mortally undermining faith in the physical prowess of the keepers of the privileges.
Those vaunted inside secrets of nuclear-munitioned cops don't sell so well these days when the donut-dippers cannot be sure how to distinguish insiders from outsiders, and whose really in control of the armaments keys of keys.
Whole lot of shifting of alliances going on, from State to Commerce, or so I read in the quagmire regs.

@_date: 1996-12-16 04:56:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT: Faulty Crypto Policy 
The New York Times, December 16, 1996, p. A14.
   Another Faulty Encryption Policy [Editorial]
   The Clinton Administration has issued its third plan in as
   many years to keep powerful encryption programs for
   telephone and computer messages out of the hands of
   international terrorists and criminals. But this latest
   plan to control the export of encryption software, like the
   two before it, is unworkable and risks trampling on privacy
   rights and harming American software firms.
   Encryption in the hands of criminals unquestionably makes
   law enforcement hard. But the greatest use of encryption is
   by banks and other legal businesses that need to transmit
   confidential data without fear of interception. In
   legitimate hands, encryption helps to prevent crime.
   The Administration first sought to steer all Americans
   toward an encryption standard that Washington would design,
   thus preserving the Government's ability to tap phone
   calls. But after sharp criticism of Government snooping,
   the Administration retreated to a policy, still rejected by
   most privacy advocates and software firms, aimed at exports
   of encryption programs. The newly released regulations,
   which were supposed to implement the October policy, in
   fact make a flawed policy even worse.
   The one consistent thread through the Administration's
   plans is commitment to an encryption standard that uses
   mathematical "passwords" to scramble messages. The
   Government would then have the technical capacity to
   recover passwords, upon court order, and unscramble the
   phone or computer message.
   But the new policy will not succeed abroad. The
   Administration insists it needs not only to unscramble
   stored computer files but also to tap phone and computer
   messages, without the caller's knowledge, as they are
   transmitted. That would in effect require the foreign
   purchaser of American software to deposit its passwords
   with a reputable outside party -- a government agency, a
   bank or the computer firm from which it bought the software
   -- which would relinquish them upon court order and without
   notifying the user. What foreign company or individual will
   purchase software that is prey to undisclosed Government
   snooping when they can, buy equally powerful encryption
   from foreign firms that offer no such path for
   eavesdropping?
   The plan runs into other insolvable problems. It does not
   propose prohibiting powerful encryption software for
   domestic purchase, where such programs are constitutionally
   protected and already in wide use. Thus anyone could, with
   a few key strokes, send the domestically available programs
   over the Internet to Europe and beyond.
   The Administration also fears that software firms will
   write their programs so that the powerful domestic versions
   communicate readily with the easier-to-tap export products.
   If so, the technical result would be that criminals here
   and abroad could communicate out of reach of Government
   wiretaps. The Administration proposes to solve that problem
   by prohibiting software firms from providing easy
   communication between their domestic and export products.
   But that would make American export encryption programs
   unsellable abroad.
   A panel of the National Research Council recommended that
   Washington drop export restrictions on encryption software
   already available abroad, beef up the F.B.I.'s ability to
   crack private encryption codes and support private efforts
   to develop high quality encryption to stop illegal
   eavesdropping. Those steps will improve communications
   security and will not put Government law officers in
   corporate boardrooms, open E-mail to instant wiretaps or
   send foreign customers toward European and Asian software
   firms.
   [End]

@_date: 1996-12-16 05:25:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FER_mat 
12-16-96. NYP Book review:
  Fermat's Last Theorem:
    Unlocking the Secret of an Ancient Mathematical
    Problem
  By Amir D. Aczel
The world has many worlds, with the priestly cult of mathematicians, so mystifyingly and inaccessible to most people, among the more esoterically interesting of them. Aczel describes the intrigue
and double-dealing in the international world of
mathematical speculation, some of which involves
Andrew Wile's proof of Fermat's theorem.
The NYP reported on Wile's proof in January, 1995:
  (15 kb)

@_date: 1996-12-16 06:10:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SAV_eit 
12-16-96. NYP:
 "Global Debate Over Treaties On Copyright"
 Given the overwhelming domestic objections to most of the
 treaty proposals, the obvious questions are: Who does
 support them? And why is the United States pushing so hard
 for them in Geneva?
 In fact, the main beneficiaries of the new copyright rules
 are the highest-stake copyright holders: rich, politically
 powerful entertainment and media conglomerates, which fear
 that pirated material will destroy the lucrative
 international market for products that can be digitally
 copied and distributed globally.
 In the digital world, computer software companies are
 already effectively using various data encryption
 technologies to protect their products for distribution
 over the network. And if progress to date is any
 indication, these technologies will become even more
 sophisticated and effective over time.
 SAV_eit

@_date: 1996-12-16 13:45:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Van Eck articles, reply.. 
Christopher Seline wrote a well-known critique in 1989 of    "Eavesdropping On the Electromagnetic Emanations of    Digital Equipment: The Laws of Canada, England and the    United States." It includes numerous citations, including those mentioned by Joel and the one you found. He claims that the Van Eck article was "purposely misleading."
We've put his article at:
     Seline promised a later version of what he called a rough
draft. Does anyone know of a successor to the 1989 article?

@_date: 1996-12-17 05:50:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TIS_sue 
"TIS' Key Recovery Technology First To Enable General Purpose Export For Very Strong Encryption"
  In a development that may signal the beginning of the end of the   long standing encryption export control controversy, TIS today   announced that products using very strong cryptography with its
  RecoverKey technology have been approved for general purpose   export control under new export regulations.
"Encryption - BSA tries new lobbying tack"
  BSA intends to abandon its efforts to negotiate with the Clinton   administration on encryption export rules and will instead lobby   Congress for new legislation. The best hope lies with Rep. Bob   Goodlatte who plans to reintroduce a House bill proposing the   relaxation of controls at the next session next month.
"U.S. Emissary on Cryptography to Keynote RSA Data Security
  "The RSA Conference is an opportunity for me to provide some
  insights on my mission which includes fostering a consensus on
  the development of an international key management
  infrastructure," said Ambassador Aaron.
"Pretty Darn Private"
  PGP last week unveiled PGP Cookie Cutter, a browser plug-in that   lets users selectively block Web "cookies."
"Smart card-PC standard proposed"
  The eight documents of the joint specifications address three
  major areas: They provide an interface to card readers; establish
  a common programming interface and control mechanism; and
  maintain compatibility with existing devices, leveraging the
  ISO structure that has been set in place over the past decade.   Information is available on the Web at "Web Service Provider Attacked"
  A SYN-flood attack against WebCom knocked out more than 3,000   Web sites for 40 hours this weekend during the busiest   shopping season of the year.
TIS_sue  (19 kb)

@_date: 1996-12-17 15:05:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Van Eck's TEMPEST Paper 
As a supplement to Joel McNamara's exemplary new TEMPEST page, and thanks to Steve Schear, we've put Van Eck's 1985 paper on TEMPEST at:
     (702 kb)
It's a finely detailed paper on EMR snooping with copious graphics. As Joel and Seline note, it may be purposely misleading on TEMPEST, (as appropriate to TEMPEST legends; Seline's may be bent as well, but who knows what the disinfoes know).
Read Joel's page for the bright light facts.

@_date: 1996-12-18 05:41:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MSNBC on Crypto End Run 
"Scaling the encryption-policy wall: Companies make
end run around U.S. restrictions on cryptography"
A good report on why US companies are going overseas
for strong crypto. With numerous crypto links.
"It's a huge gaping hole in the efforts to control strong cryptography, and it's going to get bigger," says Douglas Barnes, vice president of Oakland, Calif.-based C2Net Software, a privately held company at the forefront of those circumventing the U.S. policy.
We've mirrored it at:

@_date: 1996-12-18 14:19:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: More on Van Eck 
Steve Schear has provided a 1988 follow-up article on
Van Eck's 1985 study of EMR snooping. It includes
a letter by Van Eck explaining why he omitted certain
information in the original article, and why his employer "classified" more sophisticated studies of "compromising We've put up HTML and PDF versions:
     (12 kb plus 2 images)
     (85 kb)

@_date: 1996-12-19 05:33:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BUY_spy 
12-18-96.
 "Special Chips Off-Load and Speed Encryption Transactions"
    Buy-spy GAK chips from IRE, Rainbow, Atalla, IBM.
 "Clinton administration opposed to encryption bills"
 "Goodlatte to resubmit encryption bill"
    Commerce Department has said it expects to issue rules
    implementing the new Clinton export policy by January 1,     1997. [NYT reports final rules are due out December 22.]
 "Method and apparatus for the secure communication of data"
    Patent: An auto-dialer suitable for use as a smart card     capable of being acoustically coupled to a telephone and     being reprogrammed in response to acoustic signals. A device     for generating a set of tones encoded with data.
 "Enciphered file sharing method (Fujitsu)"
    Patent: An enciphered file sharing method adapted to an
    area distributed type data processing system.
 "EMD Encryptor; First 32-Bit desktop utility to provide multiple  encryption capabilities for home and corporate computer users     Largest encryption key size: 256-bit.

@_date: 1996-12-20 11:39:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Key Escrow Rule 
The Federal Register of December 13, 1996 has published
"Licensing of Key Escrow Encryption Equipment and Software"
This parallels the draft regulations for encryption export provided by Steptoe & Johnson on December 11 but sets provisions specifically for key escrow products.
We've put it at:
     (39 kb)
Here are excerpts from the opening:

@_date: 1996-12-21 05:40:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WIP_out 
12-21-96. NYP:
 "Global Agreement Reached To Widen Law On Copyright"
 On-Line Material: International law would specify that
 copyright protection includes the right to control the
 on-line distribution of copyrighted materials, as well as
 the right to prevent others from making unauthorized
 copies.
 "Fair use" -- the tradition of allowing individuals to make
 a limited number of copies for noncommercial purpose, or to
 use brief excerpts in news reports or artistic criticism --
 would still apply in cyberspace.
 In a compromise meant to defuse one of the harshest
 criticisms of the treaty, negotiators agreed to delete
 language that would have treated even temporary copies of
 material downloaded from the Internet as possible
 violations of international copyright law.
 WIP_out
WIPO on the Web:

@_date: 1996-12-21 15:09:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Ebonic Plague 
Democracy has run amok in this country. There is no hope for reforming at
the ballot box, as democracy only makes things worse. Only a crypto reign
of terror can purge this land of the scum.
Just how would this take shape in "real life" - what would constitute this reign of terror; how do you envision such an event in action?
And which are the scum who would be purged?  Follow precedents of the anarchist tradition: Name a target, build a
bomb, light a fuse, heave it, run like hell -- into manacles of the
provocateur's payers, then to gallows. Wait a generation, repeat.

@_date: 1996-12-22 06:18:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EMR Threat of RS-232 Cables 
Thanks to Steve Schear we've put a 1990 article on
eavesdropping on RS-232 cable emanations which
parallels van Eck's work on VDUs.
"The Threat of Information Theft by Reception of
Electromagnetic Radiation from RS-232 Cables"
By Peter Smulders, Dept of EE, Eindhoven University of
Smulders notes that this type of emanation can disclose
information, such as passwords, that does not appear
on VDUs. And that cable shielding does not always
prevent snooping.
     (367 kb)

@_date: 1996-12-22 09:56:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: National Cryptologic School Press 
A WaPo review today of a new book on military intelligence during the Civil War, cites the author's background in NSA and as director of the agency's National Cryptologic School
Are the publications of this press public? Anyone have an address? Access to a catalogue. Any other info?
There's another, on-line, review of the book at:

@_date: 1996-12-23 05:41:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: HIH_and 
"In Encryption Politics, Some Good News for Bankers"
  "Everyone knows that DES is not enough," said Perry Metzger.   This dispute places the banking and financial services community   squarely in opposition to government intelligence agencies with   which it has historically worked hand in hand on security matters.
  "The Feds won't realize export controls don't work even after the
  dried, strangled corpse of the U.S. security software industry is
  laid before the Congress," Mr. Metzger said. "They will leave the
  manacles on the corpse long after it is obvious that the body isn't
  going anywhere."
"Central Banks' Task Force Sees No Need for Alarm"
  While the security architectures of most electronic money
  systems share many design features, a wide range of options is
  available to product developers in terms of specific chip-card
  security measures, cryptographic algorithms, key lengths, and
  transaction monitoring.
"SPA Voices Concerns Over Clinton Encryption Policy"
  In a letter last week to Vice President Al Gore, SPA raised
  several concerns that the software industry has with the
  administration's interim rules on encryption policy.
"NSA/ On The Costs of Anonymity"
  "How to Make a Mint: The Cryptography of  Anonymous Electronic   Cash" has been making the rounds of the electronic money community.   It raises security and law enforcement concerns about anonymous   systems designed like Digicash Inc.'s Ecash.
HIH_and  (25 kb)

@_date: 1996-12-23 12:20:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Papers Galore 
The NSA-hosted National Information Systems Security
Conference, held in October, 1996, has made a wide
range of papers available (in PDF format), and listed in:
   (110kb)
One panel's papers eye all-optical networks and security, including optical encryption, which NSA appears to be leading:
  Many others -- long and short, informative and fatuous -- address sizzling and old-grease sec issues -- techie, lawless, bad-hair-brained.
Several archists cry cyber crime and plead for vigilance for on-line anarcho-ebonics:
"Industrial Espionage Today and Information Wars Tomorrow."
"Rise of the Mobile State: Organized Crime in the 21st Century."
"Ethical and Responsible Behavior for Children to Senior
Citizens in the Information Age."
"Monitoring Your Employees: How Much Can You Do and What
Should You Do When You Uncover Wrongdoing?"
Despite such blow, there's much other solid reading. Take a nap while the PDFs glaciate in.

@_date: 1996-12-24 05:47:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MOD_ify 
12-23-96:
"White House Seeks Input on Electronic Commerce Policy"
  "A Framework for Global Electronic Commerce," will be
  available at:  . The draft report does   not address in detail the Administration's policy on encryption.
"Vendors coalesce on encryption"
  An analyst said he expects the vendors "to get pretty inventive"   in circumventing rules, such as by reregistering their   headquarters in Bermuda if the regulations are perceived as   unworkable.
"Expert warns of lax security on Web"
  Dan Farmer, citing his just-completed study, says up to two-thirds   of certain Web sites, including reputable institutions like banks   and the media, are vulnerable to hacker attacks.
"ITAA Airs Concerns on Encryption Regs"
  ITAA asked President Clinton to intervene to modify the draft   regulations before they go into effect in any form.

@_date: 1996-12-26 10:50:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Papers Galore 
Thanks to Harry and Kenneth for correcting the URL for the
NISSC96 papers.
We've converted the toc.pdf to HTML for easy scanning of the impressive list of papers and panels:
   Now who's going hyper-link the TOC to the files? Ease the
scrooge download torture?

@_date: 1996-12-26 17:15:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RUL_let 
"New encryption export rules probably won't be issued until early next week"    Rules probably won't be issued until just a day or 2 before they    go into effect on January 1, officials said Monday. Greg Simon    said section of rules requiring detailed business plans from    encryption companies is likely to be changed.
   [Markoff wrote last week the rules were due out December 22;
   any sightings?]
RUL_let  (3 kb)

@_date: 1996-12-27 08:07:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SSN_sii 
[Thanks to RF.]
Federal Register: December 26, 1996 [Pages 68044-68045]:
The Federal Reserve Board solicits comment concerning the public availability and use of social security numbers and other sensitive identifying information about consumers.
The FRB, and the FTC, is to conduct a study to determine the availability to the public of sensitive identifying information about consumers, the possibility that such  information could be used for financial fraud, and the potential for fraud or risk of loss, if any, to insured depository institutions.
Testimony at a recent FTC hearing highlighted how easy it is to obtain
identifying information about a consumer and to use that information to
fraudulently receive credit in the consumer's name, a practice often referred to as "identity theft."
SSN_ssi  (9 kb)
Or, access the Federal Register at:

@_date: 1996-12-27 10:51:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CN Leads US 
12-27-96. WaPo snippet:
China said it plans to strengthen its already strict controls
over the Internet. The China Consumers Daily, an official
newspaper, mentioned the planned tighter controls in a
report on a recent conference in Beijing, but did not
provide details. Earlier this year, China required Internet
users to register with police and warned that laws
against pronography, social disturbances and breaches
of state security apply online.
[Whole story.]
Sounds like US policy foretold, boiling the frog. The Administration's current CN policy must include a secret GAK-product sharing deal, to parallel those with
OECD and the world's big-bit-fearful.
Behold the burgeoning, slobbering, Key Recovery Alliance: billions of targets to be tracked, keys shared
with authorities who give out the contracts, profits ka-chinged (low pun).
Gerstner says he can't believe the money IBM's going to make off sweet deals to control the Internet -- just
like the old days before the anarchistic start-ups got uppity and out-foxed the old-money-archists.

@_date: 1996-12-29 03:46:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Rules (Resend) 
Federal Register: December 30, 1996:
Page 68572-68587
Bureau of Export Administration
Encryption Items Transferred From the U.S. Munitions List to the Commerce Control List
Summary: This interim rule amends the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) by exercising jurisdiction over, and imposing new combined national security and foreign policy controls on, certain encryption items that were on the United States Munitions List, consistent with Executive Order 13026 and pursuant to the Presidential Memorandum of that date, both issued by President Clinton on November 15, 1996.
For full document:
     (111K)
Federal Register: December 30, 1996:
Page 68633
Amendment to the International Traffic In Arms Regulations
Department of State.
Action: Final rule.
Summary: This rule amends the International Traffic in Arms Regulations by removing from the U.S. Munitions List (USML), for transfer to the Department of Commerce's Commerce Control List (CCL), all cryptographic items except those specifically designed, developed, configured, adapted, or modified for military applications (including command, control and intelligence applications).
For full document:
     (6K)
Or for both, the Federal Register:
   Enter search term: "munitions"

@_date: 1996-12-29 03:48:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Electronic Surveillance (Resend) 
We've prepared a list of 122 documents on electronic
surveillance selected from the late Office of Technology
Assessment's impressive online archive, 1972-96, with links for downloading:
   The selection traces the ascendancy of information
technology over a 25-year period, paralleled by
governmental surveillance technology.
A full listing of the nearly 800 publications of the
OTA archives is at:

@_date: 1996-12-29 04:04:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CAVE Dig Out 
I just re-read John Perry Barlow's 1992 article, "Decrypting the Puzzle Palace," and was knocked over by his attack
on TIA's TR45.3 committee and the CAVE algorithm. If you've not seen it lately (and Whit Diffie's comments on CAVE), I've put it at:
   Inspired by this and John Gilmore's similar attack on TIA
and the TR45.3 gang in a message to me, I've put notices on my Web site that I will provide the CAVE algorithm to anyone
who asks (and the TR45.3 document):
   Analysis of it will determine whether CAVE is as deliberately NSA-crippled as Gilmore, Barlow and Diffie claim, and that
the TIA and the TR45.3 "wannabe spooks" committee cravenly caved (but, hey, it's never too late to dig out).
Thanks to those who upbraded me for caving too. Digging now.

@_date: 1996-12-29 17:09:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cryptanalysis Trainer 
We've transcribed from PDF to ASCII the cryptanalysis program in Appendix F of the US Army's Field Manual FM 34-40-2, Basic Cryptanalysis, September, 1990.
   Manual quote: "This program gives the capability to encipher and decipher messages in monoalphabetic and polyalphabetic substitution systems, produce a variety of statistical data about the encrypted messages, and print the results or save them to disk. Because of its limited purpose, the program does not support on-screen analysis. The printed results can be used off-line to aid in analysis, however. The program should be particularly useful in preparing examples and exercises for training cryptanalytic techniques."

@_date: 1996-12-30 05:15:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: LAW_dno 
"Cybercash at risk/Money laws lacking"
  The laws that govern digital money are unclear, partly because   governments have failed to revise finance rules to include the online   realm explicitly. However, the feds want to be able to trace funds in   some way in order to guard against online money laundering.   Although no one wants interference from the government, some   clear statements from lawmakers might help.
LAW_dno  (10K)

@_date: 1996-12-30 17:07:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto reg clarification from Commerce Department 
Well done, Lucky.
This is what's needed to kick off a lot of commentary during the next
45-days. Backed by research, to be sure. The outpouring of such
commentary on the full EAR from May 1995 to March 1996 shaped the
final document, and that process is an excellent case study for how
to affect the final form of the latest crypto regs.
It's worth perusing the full EAR in the Federal Register: March 25, 1996 (Volume 61, Number 58), Pages 12713 et seq. for 325 pages (well over a 2.5MB -- it's also on our site, see URL below).
Here's the portion of the EAR that Lucky and Kutz discussed:
[Page 12805]
Sec. 744.6  Restrictions on certain activities of U.S. persons.
    (a) General prohibitions--(1) Activities related to exports. (i) No U.S. person as defined in paragraph (c) of this section may, without a license from BXA, export, reexport, or transfer to or in any country other country, any item where that person knows that such item:
    (A) Will be used in the design, development, production, or use of nuclear explosive devices in or by a country listed in Country Group D:2 (see Supplement No. 1 to part 740 of the EAR).
    (B) Will be used in the design, development, production, or use of missiles in or by a country listed in Country Group D:4 (see Supplement No. 1 to part 740 of the EAR); or
    (C) Will be used in the design, development, production, stockpiling, or use of chemical or biological weapons in or by a country listed in Country Group D:3 (see Supplement No. 1 to part 740 of the EAR).
    (ii) No U.S. person shall, without a license from BXA, knowingly support an export, reexport, or transfer that does not have a license as required by this section. Support means any action, including financing, transportation, and freight forwarding, by which a person facilitates an export, reexport, or transfer without being the actual exporter or reexporter.
    (2) Other activities unrelated to exports. No U.S. person shall, without a license from BXA:
    (i) Perform any contract, service, or employment that the U.S. person knows will directly assist in the design, development, production, or use of missiles in or by a country listed in Country Group D:4 (see Supplement No. 1 to part 740 of the EAR); or
    (ii) Perform any contract, service, or employment that the U.S. person knows directly will directly assist in the design, development, production, stockpiling, or use of chemical or biological weapons in or by a country listed in Country Group D:3 (see Supplement No. 1 to part 740 of the EAR).
    (3) Whole plant requirement. No U.S. person shall, without a license from BXA, participate in the design, construction, export, or reexport of a whole plant to make chemical weapons precursors identified in ECCN 1C350, in countries other than those listed in Country Group A:3 (Australia Group) (See Supplement No. 1 to part 740 of the EAR).
    (b) Additional prohibitions on U.S. persons informed by BXA. BXA may inform U.S. persons, either individually or through amendment to the EAR, that a license is required because an activity could involve the types of participation and support described in paragraph (a) of this section anywhere in the world.
    Specific notice is to be given only by, or at the direction of, the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Export Administration. When such notice is provided orally, it will be followed by a written notice within two working days signed by the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Export Administration. However, the absence of any such notification does not excuse the exporter from compliance with the license requirements of paragraph (a) of this section.
    (c) Definition of U.S. person. For purposes of this section, the term U.S. person includes:
    (1) Any individual who is a citizen of the United States, a permanent resident alien of the United States, or a protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3);
    (2) Any juridical person organized under the laws of the United States or any jurisdiction within the United States, including foreign branches; and
    (3) Any person in the United States.
    (d) Exceptions. No License Exceptions apply to the prohibitions described in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this section.
    (e) License review standards. Applications to engage in activities otherwise prohibited by this section will be denied if the activities would make a material contribution to the design, development, production, stockpiling, or use of chemical or biological weapons, or of missiles.
The EAR covers all kinds of exports, so encryption and cryptography
provisions are found by searching. The Federal Register published it
in seven 50 page chunks, and is available at:
     Enter the search term: "Page 12713" (with quotes; repeat six times in We've combined the seven parts for searching:
      (2,570K)

@_date: 1996-12-31 05:17:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Shell  Game News 
Online reports on the new crypto regs. MSNBC features Bernstein's challenge, with multiple sidebars.
  (AP brief)

@_date: 1996-12-31 18:44:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RCMP on InfoSec 
The Mounties have put out an impressive document on comprehensive security for information technology: encryption and TEMPEST, construction standards and secure rooms, hardware and software, management and    Technical Security Standard for Information Technology
   Royal Canadian Mounted Police    August 1995
Part One (Chapters 1-4)
    (71K, plus graphics)
Part Two (Chapters 5-8)
    (81K, plus graphics)

@_date: 1996-02-02 16:06:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tivoli 
Is it fair to assume that it's your Tivoli that's in the NYT and WSJ today, bought by IBM?
If so, congrats on never again having to sell your body for everlasting fame and glory.

@_date: 1996-02-04 05:40:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GNU_kum 
2-3-96. FinTim:
   "World's financial police to cast money laundering net
   wider."
      The plan needs to address issues raised by cybercash.
      These technologies pose a threat but answers should
      not be dated as soon as published. Officials want       developers of new technologies to consider their       criminal potential before launch, to avoid clampdown       afterwards. Possible safeguards against the misuse of       electronic purses may include limiting their maximum       value or restricting use to closed systems.
   "Communist to capitalist." [Book review]
      China's Rise, Russia's Fall, by Peter Nolan.
      Nolan says China's leaders had the self-confidence to
      chart their own evolutionary approach, largely
      preserving state institutions at a central and regional
      level, and fostered entrepreneurship through intelligent
      government planning. Russia's ruling class were       hoodwinked by a phalanx of mainly US and UK advisers       urging a "shock therapy" of destroying existing       economic and political power-bases. The result has been       a deep tragedy.
   2-3-96. EcoMist:
   "Why is the Internet so slow; what can be done about it?"
      At present there is no answer, only a few expedients to
      limit traffic on congested routes, say, with "caches".
      However, Web site owners object to providers caching
      their wares, because it robs them of valuable
      information about their viewers -- the sort that
      advertisers demand. The caches have, in effect copied
      these pages without their owners' permission, and are
      showing them to others without their owners' knowledge.
      But faced with an Internet meltdown copyright violation
      may be the least of their worries.
   GNU_kum (for the three)

@_date: 1996-02-04 11:22:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [NOISE] Futplex makes the news! 
Lewis,
   Take heart and wisdom from this experience of being caught
   up in public events. Being used, and abused, by
   institutions for their impersonal, otherwordly, purposes.
   Public disputes are like that, when your personal
   advocacies are distorted, twisted back in unexpected forms    in assault on your seemingly impregnable position.
   Well done for this foray. But be prepared for shrewd
   opposition again as you continue behaving responsibly
   to challenge the day's short-sighted conventional wisdom.
   I think you shouldn't worry about thesis advisors, the
   thoughtful ones will understand your action and its
   underlying principles. They may be less daring and more
   cautious than you -- such is the burden of maturity -- but
   I suspect they will admire your audacity, and remember when
   they did the same in younger days when public disputes
   seemed more alluring and tractable -- as I do.
   Thanks much.
   John

@_date: 1996-02-05 20:18:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: China Censors 
The NY Times today reports on China's new rules for censoring the Internet.
URL:

@_date: 1996-02-06 06:57:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TWP on Indecency Protest 
The Washington Post, February 5, 1996, p. A8.
   Language on 'Indecency' Sparks Telecommunications Bill
   Protest
   By John Schwartz
   Provisions in the overhaul of the nation's
   telecommunications laws that call for regulating adult
   materials on the Internet have sparked a storm of anger and
   protest on that medium.
   "This is the kind of legislation you'd see from a lot of
   senators and congressmen who have never logged on," said
   Michael Godwin, staff counsel for the Electronic Frontier
   Foundation, a civil liberties group. "The Christian Right
   thinks they've hit a home run here, but the inning isn't
   over."
   The provisions, proposed by Sen. J. James Exon (D-Neb.),
   have gained momentum with support from religious
   conservative organizations. The legislation would make it
   illegal to make "indecent" material available to minors via
   computer, with penalties of two years in prison and up to
   $250,000 in fines. Exon called passage last week "a victory
   for children and families," adding, "We've come to a
   successful closing of the 'peep show' doors to our youth."
   President Clinton has said he will sign the bill.
   Those opposed to the regulations, however, said the
   "indecency" standard, which has been used in broadcast
   regulation cases, is too vague and would seriously restrict
   the potential of the emerging on-line medium.
   "I am concerned this legislation places restrictions on the
   Internet that will come back to haunt us," said Sen.
   Patrick J. Leahy (D-Vt.). He warned that quoting from such
   works as "Catcher in the Rye" and "Ulysses" in on-line
   discussions could court prosecution and said that making it
   illegal to "make available" indecent language would outlaw
   posting of messages or images that a child might see.
   "Imagine if the Whitney Museum ... were dragged into court
   for permitting representations of Michelangelo's David to
   be looked at by kids."
   But John McMickle, an aide to Sen. Charles E. Grassley
   (R-Iowa), said drafters rejected the idea that Userious
   works of redeeming value" would fall within the law, which
   he said would apply only to "patently offensive" material.
   McMickle said the bill "is not a Comstock-type effort to
   wipe out literature or political speech."
   The American Civil Liberties Union, the Electronic Frontier
   Foundation and other organizations are preparing a lawsuit
   challenging the indecency provisions on constitutional
   grounds. Other legal actions are in the works. An on-line
   publication, American Reporter, has announced it will soon
   publish a column by a Texas judge denouncing the
   legislation intentionally salted with "indecent" language;
   Randall Boe, a Washington attorney for the American
   Reporter, said he would immediately sue after publication.
   "We want to move promptly to have this statute set aside as
   unconstitutional," Boe said. "The longer it's in place, the
   greater the harm done to the Internet and to the First
   Amendment." Boe's firm, Arent, Fox, Kintner, Plotkin &
   Kahn, was defense council in the landmark "seven dirty
   words" case, which set the legal standard for indecent
   language in broadcasting based on a monologue by comedian
   George Carlin.
   Cathleen Cleaver, director of legal studies for the Family
   Research Council, said yesterday she expected such suits
   and that her conservative organization, which has pushed
   for on-line regulation, would fight to uphold it.
   The Justice Department has stated that the legislation
   would be vulnerable to attack on constitutional grounds.
   But in response to a letter from Grassley, Assistant
   Attorney General Andrew Fois noted last week that the
   department is defending the indecency standard in
   legislation "and will continue to defend similar statutes
   against constitutional challenges, so long as we can assert
   a reasonable defense consistent with the Supreme Court
   rulings in this area."
   -----

@_date: 1996-02-07 11:37:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BLU_ink 
2-6-96. FinTim:
   "Secret identities. Two systems to combat potential
   signature fraud in cyberspace."
      On digital signatures by public-key cryptography and by
      a "biometric token" system by PenOp of the UK.
   BLU_ink

@_date: 1996-02-08 10:46:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: POTP gets good press 
Robert "Bob" Harvey once hung out at BBN. Maybe he is the one who seeks slick-kill ripoff with aptly snake-oily-named Internet Security Corp., which may be telephoned at POTP was pummeled last fall on c'punks. For the latest lubrications see:
     URL: Audacious marketing, these NatSec privatizing firms, and the log-rollers for USMA and SAIC, preaching dire threats, promising if-you-knew-what-we-knew security, info-warrioring

@_date: 1996-02-08 22:01:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CNN on Crypto 
CNN had a piece on crypto last evening. Jim Bidzos spoke about selling RSA products to China, and lamented export restrictions. PRZ commented on crypto-enabled privacy. A voice-over warned of crypto use by criminals and terrorists and its threat to law enforcement and intelligence.
While not there now, presumably the story will be on the CNN Web site later:

@_date: 1996-02-08 23:32:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RSA-China Crypto 
Wall Street Journal, February 8, 1996, p. A10.
   China, U.S. Firm Challenge U.S. On Encryption-Software
   Exports
   By Don Clark
   RSA Data Security Inc., the dominant supplier of
   data-privacy software, announced an unusual partnership
   with the Chinese government that exploits loopholes in U.S.
   export restrictions on codemaking technology.
   As part of the deal, RSA, which is based in Redwood City,
   Calif., plans to fund an effort by Chinese government
   scientists to develop new encryption software. The
   Chinese-developed software, based on RSA's general
   mathematical formula, may be more powerful than versions
   now permitted for export under U.S. Iaws, said James
   Bidzos, RSA's president.
   Two Chinese agencies also will use and distribute RSA data
   encryption products that may be legally exported from the
   U.S. The Chinese encryption-development arrangement, which
   isn't based on those products, appears to be legal as long
   as RSA doesn't supply the scientists with any other
   controlled technology, lawyers familiar with export laws
   said.
   RSA's move comes at a sensitive time in U.S.-China
   relations, and opens a new front in the company's
   long-running campaign against encryption export
   regulations. The closely held company, and other U.S.
   software concerns, have attacked the Clinton administration
   and the National Security Agency for trying to limit the
   strength of exported U.S. technology, while stronger
   products increasingly can be purchased from competing
   foreign companies.
   "The government has opened export doors a crack, and we
   sort of drove a Mack truck through them," Mr. Bidzos said
   of the Chinese deal. "The genie is truly out of the
   bottle."
   Stewart Baker, a Washington lawyer and former general
   counsel of the NSA, said the government "obviously would
   not be thrilled" by RSA's China venture. China hasn't in
   the past been party to international agreements governing
   encryption exports, he noted, and RSA's move could force
   other countries to consider China as an important player.
   "It's going to create an interesting strain in the
   international discussion," he said.
   Japan, an even more potent force in technology, appears to
   be leaning toward loosening export controls on encryption,
   Mr. Baker and other industry executives say. RSA plans to
   announce the formation of a new company in Japan today, but
   the venture will be subject to U.S. export controls, Mr.
   Bidzos said.
   Encryption uses special mathematical formulas, called
   algorithms, to scramble voice conversations or data to make
   them unintelligible to eavesdroppers. RSA's founders
   developed a popular variant of the technology that helps
   determine the authenticity of senders and recipients of
   messages. Both privacy and authentication are widely
   regarded as crucial to advances in electronic commerce.
   RSA struck its deal with departments of China's Ministry of
   Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperation, and the Academy of
   Sciences. They will use two RSA software products -- one
   for authentication and one for protecting the contents of
   PC hard drives -- internally and help distribute them. The
   Academy scientists who will develop new encryption software
   also will be paid to try to break RSA's products to test
   their strength, Mr. Bidzos said.
   A spokesman at the Commerce Department's bureau of export
   administration said he was unaware of RSA's China venture,
   but said the agency would be monitoring developments.
   Mr. Baker, the former NSA attorney, questioned whether
   customers in other countries would warm to the idea of
   Chinese-developed encryption software. Products approved by
   the U.S. government for export have the stigma that NSA can
   decode, and Chinese products might be subject to even more
   suspicion, Mr. Baker said.
   Still, the RSA deal is likely to be seen as further
   evidence of slipping U.S. control over encryption. "It is
   another example of what happens when you try to impose
   unilateral controls on what is in reality uncontrollable
   technology," said Bruce Heiman, an outside attorney for the
   Business Software Alliance.
   [End]

@_date: 1996-02-10 10:32:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DUR_fum 
2-10-96. EcoMist:
   "We know you're reading this." A survey of US privacy
   issues, with GAK, crypto and anonymity options.       Americans think they have a right to privacy but they       have lost control over who knows what about them. The       chief culprits are lots of little brothers, all       gossiping with each other over computer networks. But       Big Brother is doing his bit: in the struggle against       crime, terrorism, deadbeat parents, illegal immigrants       and even traffic jams, the government keeps an       ever-closer eye on its citizens. Technology itself       may provide a partial answer. All-but-foolproof       encryption technology is freely available over the       Internet and will not go away no matter how much       Uncle Sam wishes it would.    "Virtual privacy." A related editorial which examines
   privacy protection regulation.
   "Magic armour."
      The Shortstop system deploys coherent jamming to fool
      a proximity fuse into thinking that its shell has
      arrived at detonation height when it is actually at an       altitude of 100 metres or so. To do this, Shortstop       uses a special "durfum" chip.
   DUR_fum  (For the 3)

@_date: 1996-02-11 02:34:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Witness Protection Program 
The NYT Sunday magazine tomorrow has a longish article on the federal Witness Protection Program. It traces in detail one family's entry, the arrangements for the "death" of the old identity and the new "birth," and describes the unsettling nymity transformation.
It also lays out the ballooning cost of a program once thought to be relatively cheap.
Some techno stuff about carefully orchestrated communication between the relocated family and relatives.
Is everyone in the galaxy still able to get free and easy access to the NYT Web site at:

@_date: 1996-02-11 06:59:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Idiot Chip 
The New York Times, February 10, 1996
   The Idiot Chip
   By Frank Rich [Columnist]
   In the annals of dumb solutions to serious problems,
   history will have a ball with the V-chip, the antidote to
   trash TV that became the law of the land on Thursday when
   Bill Clinton signed the telecommunications bill. Far from
   making television safer for children, the V-chip will
   merely postpone and confuse the issue until well into the
   next century -- even as it provides politicians with
   convenient cover.
   By embracing the V-chip, Democrats and Republicans alike
   can posture as if they care about children without actually
   having to do anything to improve their cultural lot.
   Let Mr. V-chip do the job instead!
   The V-chip is a gimmick that has as much to do with
   ameliorating TV for kids as the Forbes flat tax has to do
   with serious tax reform.
   To see why, it's essential to realize that a cultural
   revolution took place in America this week.
   Contrary to the headlines and sound bites, the new
   telecommunications law is not just about cable rates and
   phone service, the explosion of new technologies and the
   unconstitutional effort to stamp out "indecency" and
   abortion information on the Internet.
   If you look at the bigger picture, this law is also about
   a mammoth expansion of mass culture -- more media, more
   outlets -- and a rapid expansion of power for the handful
   of mega-corporations that control it all, from TV, movies,
   music and publishing to both print and electronic news. It
   was perfectly symbolic that on the day Mr. Clinton signed
   the bill, Disney got its official Federal approval to
   swallow up ABC.
   Into this vast new universe of omnipotent media goliaths
   comes the tiny V-chip, designed to help parents block the
   coarse outpourings of an exploding digital universe.
   Common sense alone dooms this gizmo to failure.
   Who can rate some 600,000 hours of programming broadcast
   per year by even our current 70-channel cable systems?
   (Hollywood only has to rate roughly 550 movies -- 1,000
   hours -- per year.) Should crime-sated local news be
   blocked? "MASH" reruns? Reports from a future gulf war?
   "E.R."? Pro football? "Schindler's List"? (If so, a network
   may be tempted to duck a V-chip block -- which would lower
   ratings and revenue -- by sanitizing the Holocaust.)
   Even if all the practical, political and legal questions
   raised by the V-chip could be miraculously resolved
   overnight, it is still pie-in-the-sky. The chips are only
   required on new TV sets, so it will be years before most
   households, especially multi-set households, will be in the
   V-chip's harness.
   Even then, parents with kids in different age groups will
   have to choose between their younger and older children as
   they decide whether to flick the switch each night. Weaker
   parents will take the same path of least resistance they do
   now.
   As the founder of Action for Children's Television, Peggy
   Charren has been fighting for kids decades longer than most
   politicians.
   She is not only skeptical that the V-chip will transform
   lax parents into concerned ones, but points out that the
   chip doesn't even address the Saturday morning blight of
   brainwashing commercials ("worse than the programming") for
   violent toys and junk food.
   Nor, Ms. Charren adds, is there any language in the
   telecommunications law to require networks to increase the
   quantity and quality of good children's TV that might offer
   an after-school alternative to "Jenny Jones."
   Mr. Clinton will press for better programming when he meets
   with Hollywood potentates -- some of whom are his campaign
   contributors -- at the White House on Feb. 29. A far
   tougher idea -- one adopted by the British Government last
   month -- is being promoted by the Media Access Project, a
   public-interest organization.
   It argues that the one gift the networks still want from
   Congress and didn't get in the telecommunications law --
   more space on the public airwaves (so-called "spectrum")
   for additional channels -- be given only if they agree to
   cede some of it to public-service broadcasting, including
   top-notch children's TV.
   But the greedy media goliaths will fight any such proposal
   as vehemently as they oppose the V-chip.
   The politicians, hiding behind the V-chip, will let them
   get away with it.
   Delinquent parents, told that their children will soon be
   in the hands of an electronic nanny, will have a new excuse
   for doing nothing.
   And like each TV generation before it, today's children
   will grow up to fight this battle for their children on yet
   another day.
   [End]

@_date: 1996-02-11 22:41:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WIT_nes 
The NYT Web site does not seem to offer today's Sunday magazine article on the federal Witness Security Program, as revealed through one family's trauma of official death and rebirth:
WIT_nes  (38k in 2 parts)

@_date: 1996-02-11 23:20:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Reasons in support of crypto-anarchy WAS Re: Why am I (fwd) 
It's hard to tell the difference between "Assasination Politics" and government-sponsored provocateurism, a well-documented practice to stigmatize anarchical and anti-authoritarian ventures.
However, it takes guts and thick skin to advocate overthrow of authority, knowing that reasonable people will think you're a nut seeking celebrity martyrdom.
Happily for the careers of agent-and-anarchist back-stabbing back-scratchers, there is no easy way to know for sure which is which, or even if there's any difference when the media juggernauts are provocateuring both roles for melodramatic

@_date: 1996-02-12 03:18:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NON_ice 
Fueling Asia-phobia of techno-insurrection, The Wash Post
   today offers opposing views of Singapore:
   "City of the Future: What American Can Learn form Post-
   Liberal Singapore;" and,
   "Big Brother's Hometown: The Country is a Model, All Right
   -- of Dressed-Up Dictatorship."
   The first sets out the virtues of paternalism, and quotes
   eminently powerful Lee Kuan Yew, "The ideas of individual
   supremacy and the right to free expression, when carried to
   excess, have not worked. They have made it difficult to
   keep American society cohesive. Asia can see it is not
   working. ... The top 3 to 5 percent of a society can handle
   this free-for-all, this clash of ideas. If you do this with
   the whole mass, you'll have a mess. In this vein, I say,
   let them have the Internet."
   In the second, Lee's own OCAF Agincourt Project is detailed,
   "I would isolate the leaders, the trouble-makers, get them
   exposed, cut them down to size, ridicule them, so that
   everybody understands that it's not such a clever thing to
   do. Governing does not mean just being pleasant. If you
   want a pleasant result, just as with children, you cannot
   just be pleasant and nice."
   Then there is "Angry, White Rebels are Homeless by Choice,"
   a Page One jaw-dropper about "gutter punks," scion Okies of
   all America's families:
      Their appearance and their life-style seem like a
      nightmare to many of their parents and much of society,
      as if all the promise of youth in America had been
      turned inside out, producing these nihilistic, angry,
      ironic spawn all dressed in black, the end result --
      perhaps a bill coming due -- of decades of family
      disintegration, suburban boredom and national cynicism.
      Filth has stitched the anarchist patch into the palm of
      his hand. "Crusty punks" never bathe and say the police
      cannot make an arrest because of body odor. "I'm a paint
      head," said Riff Raff, inhaling spray paint. Becca said,
      "People are afraid of us, but we're not the ones who are
      scary."    Only for the beyond-Singapore, truly loving parent.
   NON_ice (for all)

@_date: 1996-02-13 04:17:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: COO_kie 
2-12-96. FinTim:
   "This bug in your PC is a smart cookie."
      Netscape Navigator contains a little-known wrinkle that
      increases the power of companies to find out who their
      customers are and what they are up to. It allows
      companies to track which Web pages an individual looks
      at, when, for how long, and in what order. The
      information is stored on the customer's computer as
      "persistent client-state hypertext transfer protocol
      cookies".
   2-12-96. WSJ:
   "Consumer Privacy on Internet Goes Public."
      The advertising industry's response to the volatile
      issue of consumer privacy is drawing howls of protest
      from consumer advocates. The battle is over what should
      marketers be allowed to do with personal information
      they gather from consumers visiting Web sites. Marketers
      "want to have dossiers on people with incredible detail
      so they can pick and choose what they send to you."
   "Invention Machine's Software Wins Orders for Picking
   Brains of Inventors."
      A software program is being snapped up by a growing
      number of America's biggest companies to provide
      inventing partners for their engineers. The program
      codifies the invention principles behind some two
      million international patents and the inventive
      techniques of some of the world's greatest inventors.
      Mr. Tsourikov said the product grew out of his early
      studies under Genrich Altshuller, who posited that
      invention isn't a random process but has a certain
      algorithm which drives it.
   COO_kie

@_date: 1996-02-14 09:36:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TEN_ysp 
2-13-96. NYT:
   "New Spynet Links C.I.A. and Envoys."
      The C.I.A. is planning to buy commercial comm gear, put
      an encrypting scrambler on it, and give diplomats in
      Bosnia and elsewhere the ability to receive adulterated
      facts that it previously had been unwilling or unable to
      share except with enemies. Soon, diplomats will be up to
      speed with spying foreign correspondents, many of
      whom have portable comm gear combining sat phones and
      computer ports. "We have our own classified Internet in
      the intelligence community, with home pages just like
      you do on the Internet," gurgled a spy-leaker to this
      reporter-siphon -- who already knew by spying browsers
      and snooping search engines what the dagger-gagger
      duhhed.
   TEN_ysp

@_date: 1996-02-14 21:36:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Pointer to pro-\"compromise\" analysis of Japanese Crypto Policy 
Responding to msg by johnsonr at hoshi.colorado.edu (Richard Johnson) on Tue, 13 Feb  6:17 AM
For a less NSA-taxidermic and a more cypherpunkish take on Japanese crypto try the effervescent work of B.U.G. -- Bright Uncanny Guys -- at:
     BUG has also just announced a new RSA-bred authentication service, sez a cypherpunk ninja.
Who also reports a Japanese smiley as: (^^)
And a thank you as: o

@_date: 1996-02-15 02:59:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SEX_hex 
2-14-96. NYT Page One:
   "Compuserve Halts Restriction on Sex Material. To Offer
   Blocking Software."
      Citing a desire to leave Internet censorship to
      individual tastes rather than government decree,
      Compuserve said yesterday that it would restore
      worldwide access to most of the 200 sex-related computer
      data bases it had recently blocked under pressure from
      German prosecutors.
      "By this action, Compuserve is intentionally providing
      obscene material to its subscribers, and they do so at
      their peril," said the Family Research Council. "We will
      encourage the Justice Department to prosecute Compuserve
      for violating CDA."
      The Justice Department has agreed not to prosecute
      anyone under the new law at least until tomorrow.
   SEX_hex

@_date: 1996-02-15 14:31:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Rivest's Goldmine 
Probably old news to wizened Cypher-Codgers, still, Ron Rivest's Web site is a treasure:
     Has he omitted any crypto-security source?
His site should be regularly cited for cypher-coder toddlers and numbheads.

@_date: 1996-02-15 17:56:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MES_sag 
The Wash Post today has front page "Specialists Say Message
   Spotlights Issues of Power, Responsibility" on an alleged
   abuse of the Internet by a UMD student (and member of the
   Utopian Anarchist Party) who posted a message accusing a
   mother of mistreating a daughter, and asking readers to
   telephone the mother to protest -- which many did, causing
   mayhem in the harem.
   Stiff-necks say that the incident demonstrates the
   uncontrolled nature of the Net. "Computer experts said lack
   of accountability in Internet communication could expand
   with the use of anonymous remailers." Easy e-mail forgery
   is noted.
   MES_sag

@_date: 1996-02-15 18:06:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cypherpunks in 3/96 WIRED -\"Wisecrackers\" by Steven Levy 
Indeed, congrats Steven, a swell, crackerjack story well told.
Flattering exhibits of Damien and DW.
Ponder the garish payback frontis-pieces announcing Steven's tale of "a throbbing collaborative network of potential crackers -- and, maybe, thieves and saboteurs." Steven, your credit sez the next book is "Crypto," about the revolution in cryptography.
Can you give a date for publication?

@_date: 1996-02-15 18:33:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cookie Crumbles 
Wall Street Journal, February 14, 1996, p. B6.
   Internet Users Say They'd Rather Not Share Their 'Cookies'
   By Joan E. Rigdon
   Netscape Communications Corp., responding to complaints
   from consumers, said it will change its Internet browser
   software so customers can prevent on-line merchants from
   tracking their footsteps in cyberspace.
   The ruckus began Monday, when the Financial Times reported
   on a little-known feature in Netscape software called
   Cookies. Cookies helps merchants on the Internet's
   multimedia World Wide Web track what customers do in their
   stores, and how long they spend doing it.
   Cookies stores this data on the customer's own hard drive,
   (in a text file called "Cookies.txt" in the Netscape
   directory) . The next time the customer visits the
   merchant's store, the merchant can read about the
   customer's last visit, and serve up a version of the store
   that's tailored for the customer.
   Cookies won't show merchants what other stores the customer
   has visited.
   Net surfers have complained on-line about the feature,
   saying it's an invasion of privacy and that it ties up the
   resources of their own computers.
   Netscape, the Mountain View, Calif., maker of the No. 1
   Internet browsing software, says it didn't think people
   might object to Cookies, since merchants can track a
   customer's footsteps even without Cookies, and few have
   complained about that. Product manager Jeff Treuhaft
   contends Cookies actually helps customers, because among
   other things, it allows customers to buy several things
   from different parts, or "pages," of an Internet store, and
   only pay once, instead of once at every page.
   Also, the Internet's standards board, called the Internet
   Engineering Task Force, has asked Netscape to propose
   Cookies as a standard for the Internet, Netscape said.
   Still, Netscape agreed to change the software. In future
   versions of Netscape, customers will have the choice of
   refusing to let a merchant lay down "a persistent Cookie,"
   Mr. Treuhaft says, referring to Cookies that track customer
   movements for days, weeks or months, instead of just a
   single Internet session, as most do. "We want to give the
   user as much control as possible," Mr. Treuhaft says.
   [End]
   Still, be alert for invasive snoops and tracking analytics,
   not only by NSCP, but by all those invaders crying mea culpa,    "you misjudge the goodness in our hearts, we did it for your
   own good, like all good parents. Trust us."

@_date: 1996-02-16 04:14:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Net Police, Red and in Bed 
WSJ, 15 February 1996:
   China Tells Internet Users To Register With Police
   Beijing (AP) - China ordered all users of the Internet and
   other international computer networks to register with the
   police, as part of an effort to tighten control over
   information.
   The order came in a circular issued by the Ministry of
   Public Security, according to the state-run Xinhua News
   Agency.
   Xinhua didn't give a date by which current users must
   register but said new users and those switching or
   terminating services must inform police within 30 days. It
   was unclear how foreigners would be affected.
   The rules haven't been published in detail, but previous
   Xinhua reports warned network users not to harm national
   security, reveal state secrets or disseminate pornography.
   China embarked on a broad crackdown on Internet users and
   other sources of information potentially harmful to
   government interests in December.
   The Ministry of Post Telecommunications was made the sole
   provider of channels connecting Chinese computer users with
   international networks.
   -----
   Financial Times, 15 February, 1996
   Cyberlaws [Editorial]
   Communication *sans frontieres*. To the Internet's fans
   that is the essence of its appeal. But to anyone putting
   information on the Internet's World Wide Web, its global
   nature is the cause of a growing headache: how to uphold
   intellectual property rights to the rivers of information
   pouring over its wires.
   Online computer systems such as the Net are among the
   fastest growing ways to distribute information -- music and
   pictures as well as words and numbers. But existing
   copyright laws deal inadequately with digital transmission.
   Regulation is complicated by the way that information
   downloaded in one country can have originated almost
   anywhere in the world. The $35bn-a-year music industry now
   believes that digital copyright abuse is a big future
   threat to its revenues.
   The century-old Berne convention on copyright and the
   General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade represent a degree
   of international agreement on the treatment of such issues.
   However, many countries are not signatories, while
   standards of intellectual property protection vary widely
   among those which have signed.
   Moreover, there are technological problems in enforcing
   agreements even where they exist. At present, it is often
   difficult to identify both those who have accessed
   information, and those who have entered it on the Net.
   Given that problem, some groups want companies providing
   Internet access to be responsible for upholding rules,
   rather than users or publishers. But this is highly
   unattractive: service providers will be unaware of much on
   the Net.
   The currently imperfect state of protection is one reason
   why much cyberinformation is junk, of value to almost
   nobody, deposited partly to stir up interest in paidfor
   services beyond the Net. However, new ways to restrict
   access to parts of the Net, and to charge for subscriptions
   to that information, may address that shortcoming.
   Companies are also working on "electronic tags" which will
   show whether information is passed to unauthorised users.
   If such technological developments bear fruit, the whole
   game may change. The mainstay of the Internet may no longer
   be information already published in another medium.
   Instead, publishers could put material of real value on the
   Net, knowing they would be paid. Other media may be
   squeezed as the Internet assumes some of their role.
   In this respect, copyright problems are a symptom of the
   Internet's immaturity, rather than a sign that electronic
   sophistication has made regulation impossible. The Net
   itself is a creation of technology, not policy, and the
   solutions to this problem are more likely to be
   technological than legal. But solutions must be found if
   the Net is to realise its enormous commercial potential.
   -----
   FT has a front page article on what China may do if
   the US imposes sanctions for copyright violations. It
   includes overtures by the Chinese to Britain to reap the
   benefits of shutting down US businesses in retaliation.
   Noting the well-oiled handover of Hong Kong to China as
   an example of the mutual benefits of imperialist most-
   favored status, and sharing tips and tricks of crackdown
   on civil disorder.

@_date: 1996-02-16 04:28:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 2.5_bil 
The 2-15-96 NYT reports on the design and manufacture of
   the new high-tech Swiss bank note:
      The 50-franc bill is the world's first digital bank note
      -- designed on a computer that resolves its design into
      2.5 billion points, each of them individually accessible
      electronically. There are more than 20 security
      features, though the precise number is a secret. Its
      design is vertical rather than horizontal. Ten printing
      processes are involved, including silk screening for the
      chameleon numbers and hot stamping for the silvery
      elements.
      The Swiss say American bills are "a little outdated,
      even the new ones, as far as the state of the art goes."
   2.5_bil

@_date: 1996-02-16 06:34:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DES_ono 
Citing the crypto-expert BSA study noted here by Matt
   Blaze, Computerworld of 2-12-96:
   "Standard Encryption Vulnerable To Attack. Banking's most
   trusted technique for funds transfer questioned."
   It reports on puny crypto and DES desperation, with an "Oh,
   no, please" by the ABA.
   DES_ono
   [Thanks to BC]

@_date: 1996-02-16 08:40:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Remailers Pose Risk 
Computerworld, February 12, 1996, Front page:
   Stealth E-mail poses corporate security risk
   By Gary H. Anthes
   Anonymous remailers on the Internet are emerging as a
   threat to national and corporate security, some experts
   warn.
   These remailers are Internet sites that strip the names and
   addresses from electronic-mail messages before passing them
   along anonymously to prople or newsgroups.
   For corporate information systems managers, stealth E-mail
   is especially troubling because it allows hackers to attack
   systems, steal trade secrets and broadcast them worldwide
   without leaving an audit trail for authorities to follow.
   "Anonymous remailers have a lot of nasty potential," said
   Stephen T. Kent, chief scientist for security technology at
   BBN Corp. in Cambridge, Mass. "They have the broadcast
   potential of the news media but without the possibility of
   recourse if something is unsubstantiated or defaming is
   published."
   Critics are calling for strict limits or an outright ban on
   remailer sites, but others insist they are a safeguard
   against electronic snooping by abusive governments and
   should be considered a political freedom.
   Anonymous remailers have been used in a variety of criminal
   acts, including distributing pornography and computer
   viruses, violating copyright laws and harassing people with
   nasty messages.
   One snowy day last month, for example, about 25% of the
   workforce at a defense contractor in Rockville, Md., went
   home after they received a bogus E-mail message dismissing
   them for the day. The message originated from an anonymous
   remailer that allowed the user to impersonate a senior
   company official.
   But there are more scary, less publicized uses of
   remailers, said Paul Strassmann, former director of defense
   information at the Pentagon. Stealth E-mail also is used
   extensively by Russian criminals, often former KGB agents.
   "This method of communication is a favorite for engaging
   the services of cyber-criminals and for authorizing payment
   for their acts through a third party." Strassmann said.
   Its Reputation Precedes It
   Perhaps the best-known remailer site is in Finland at
   anon.penet.fi.
   The Finnish server was used last year to publish
   confidential and copyrighted scriptures from the Church of
   Scientology. It also was used to reveal the secret source
   code used by RSA Data Security, Inc. in some of its
   encryption products.
   Last year, police raided the Finnish site and seized
   records and computer gear as part of an investigation of
   alleged copyright infringement.
   The administrator of anon.penet.fi offers this warning to
   new users: "I believe very firmly that it's not for me to
   dictate how other people ought to behave. But remember,
   anonymous postings are a privilege, and use them
   accordingly. Remember, this is a service that some people    who use newsgroups such as alt.sexual.abuse.recovery need.
   Please don't do anything stupid that would force me to
   close down the service."
   One remailer advertises itself as a way to thwart attempts
   by intelligence agencies to trace illegal traffic,
   Strassmann said. It holds all incoming messages until five
   minutes after the hour, then remails them in random order.
   The messages are sent through five to 20 other remailers,
   with a stop in at least one of the several countries noted
   for lax law enforcement, he said.
   Yet other experts say the threat from remailers is greatly
   exaggerated. "We've had remailers around for a while, and
   society hasn't fallen," said Mike Godwin, staff counsel at
   the Electronic Frontier Foundation in San Francisco. "We've
   had anonymous communication in the U.S. for years, you can
   use a public telephone, send a letter without a return
   address or engage in a cash transaction."
   Last year, the U.S. Supreme Court struck down an Ohio law
   that required the authors of political posters and
   pamphlets to identify themselves. "In the case of political
   speach, you can't make people tell you who they are," said
   Patrick Sullivan, executive director of the Computer Ethics
   Institute in Washington.
   But Sullivan said the police raid on the Finnish remailer
   was prompted by the Church of Scientology's legitimate
   complaint about violations of copyright law.
   "I haven't heard many uses of remailers that haven't
   involved, at the very least, being disrespective and, at
   the most, trying to cause harm of some sort." he said.
   _________________________________________________________
   Battle against remailers an unfair fight
   Think of anonymous remailers as enemies you can't fight
   face to face, says Paul Strassmann, former director of
   defense information at the Pentagon and now a lecturer at
   the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.
   "Anonymous remailers are here to stay," he said. "That
   means the old military paradigm of retaliation falls apart.
   The whole theory of warfare has been if someone attacks
   you, you can attack them. But when you are anonymous, there
   is no one to shoot at."
   Strassmann said society myst look for defenses in the
   health sciences, not among electronic technologies.
   "The history of public health teaches us that suppression
   of any disease must be preceded by a thorough understanding
   of its behavior, its method of transmission and how it
   creates its own ecology," he said.
   "As in the case of smallpox, yellow fever, flu epidemics,
   AIDS or malaria, it will take disasters before the public
   may accept that some forms of restrictions on the
   electronic freedom of speech and  that  privacy may be
   worthwhile."
   - Gary H. Anthes
   _________________________________________________________
   Do's and don'ts
   Unethical or illegal uses of anonymous remailers:
   -  To spread viruses or other malicious software
   -  To harass or commit libel
   -  To violate copyright laws
   -  To encourage others to commit unethical or illegal
      behavior
   Legitimate uses of anonymous remailers:
   -  For "whistle blowing"
   -  For political speech
   -  For encouraging frank but constructive exchanges of
      opinions
   _________________________________________________________
   Article also contained chart on how to use anon.penet.fi,
   not included here.
   [Thanks to BC for transcribing]

@_date: 1996-02-16 19:46:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cookie Crumbles 
Responding to msg by jsw at netscape.com (Jeff Weinstein) on Thu, 15 Feb  1:22 AM
You shoot electro-ammunition straight, so your credibility is solid. HQ should take target practice from you. Although explanations on this list may not be comprehensible to the public, or to NSCP's PR Dept.
What are the chances that NSCP might add a feature that would allow customers to say yes or no at login to tracking their movements at any site visited, with a friendly notice that tracking analysis was being done?
That might redeem the exchange value of cookies, and perhaps come closer to gving customers equality with the merchants, and merchants credibility with customers. As you are giving Netscape here, despite Wall Street's treachery.
Thanks for your even-tempered and well-aimed potshots here.

@_date: 1996-02-17 01:52:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Computer unmasks Anonymous writer... 
The Wash Post today also covers fingering Joe Klein by stylistic analysis, gives Klein's denial and in a separate article reports on the methodology of its own computer analysis and most likely suspects, who are ...

@_date: 1996-02-17 04:12:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: LUP_hol 
Two TWP reports on the future of US intelligence and
   use of nonofficial cover (NOC):
   "Don't Hobble Intelligence Gathering," 2-15-96.
      An op-ed by Richard Haass, principal author of a just
      released report on the future of intelligence by the
      Council on Foreign Affairs, which, among other things,
      proposes lifting the ban on use of journalists and
      clergy as cover. [We expect to get this report shortly
      and will offer it here; CoFA says the first printing was
      snapped up so there should be more news reports.]
   "Loophole Revealed in Prohibition on CIA Use of
   Journalistic Cover," 2-16-96.
      Which reports that by special waiver the CIA continues
      to use journalists as covert agents despite the 1977       ban. Ex-National Security Council staffer Haass and       an ex-DCI panelist of the CoFA study claim they were       unaware of the loophole OKable only by the DCI. Hmm.
   LUP_hol

@_date: 1996-02-17 06:18:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PUR_ple 
2-16-96. FinTim:
   "First world smartcards and third world pensioners."
      Each month, a thin line of grandparents and
      great-grandparents shuffles across the rural wilderness
      clutching fresh banknotes dished out by the most
      sophisticated cash dispensers in the world. The machines
      are the hub of a thriving market economy. Mounted on
      unmarked pick-up trucks and escorted by armed guards,
      they are pursued across the hillsides by traders
      carrying buckets of freshly slaughtered meat, caged
      chickens, and an array of traditional medicines. The
      able-bodied carry the disabled and infirm with them in
      wheelbarrows. Under makeshift awnings, every pensioner
      swipes a plastic card through the machine, then rolls a
      weathered finger across a tiny scanner which checks the
      fingerprint against a digital template and dispenses a
      monthly allowance.
      Another machine, the "smartbox", keeps a tally of its
      contents and transmits an encrypted data stream with a
      constantly updated record of deposits to its destination
      bank. If tampered with, it sprays its contents with
      indelible purple ink like that with which the security
      police once sprayed anti-apartheid protesters. No
      reports yet of the graffiti inspired by the coloured ink
      in the 1980s, when township walls proudly proclaimed:
      "The Purple Shall Govern."
   PUR_ple

@_date: 1996-02-18 02:20:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DOG_lyz 
2-17-96. TWP:
   "CIA to Retain Right to Use Journalistic Cover."
      DCI John M. Deutch told a forum yesterday that the
      agency maintained the right to use U.S. journalists or
      their organizations as cover for intelligence activities
      but only under restrictive regulations. The staff
      director of the Senate intelligence committee, said the
      panel considers questions about non-official cover to be
      "a great problem" and expects members will want to take
      "a hard look at what extraordinary circumstances led to
      the use of journalistic cover."
   "Ethics On-Line..." [Editorial]
   DOG_lyz

@_date: 1996-02-18 23:08:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PUF_fup 
2-18-96. NYT:
   "Nerds' Revenge: A How-To Manual. Silicon Valley Is Paved
   with Paper Fortunes, And Quick Ways To Enjoy them."
      A long look at how Netscapers are able to quickly get
      around stock locks and gorge on roadkills while
      predatory Wall Street and vulture banks eat their guts.
      Fancy cars and tacky houses are lampooned.
   "Internet Dreams: from $.10 to $30."
      A squint at creating instant wealth in the Cybercash
      puff-up.
   PUF_fup

@_date: 1996-02-19 06:22:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Gustave Solomon 
Mathematician Gustave Solomon died on January 31 in Los
   Angeles. He was 65. Dr. Solomon was a co-inventor with
   Irving S. Reed of the Reed-Solomon codes, which have come
   into increasingly widespread use as a way of combatting the
   inevitable errors that occur in the transmission and
   storage of information. He did early work concerning the
   algebraic theory of error-correcting codes, and, with H. F.
   Mattson, was co-author of the powerful tool for analyzing
   such codes known as the Mattson-Solomon polynomial. His
   other interests included composing popular songs and
   folksongs and teaching voice and movement.
   Excerpted from NYT obituary, February 18, 1996.

@_date: 1996-02-19 21:55:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NET_run 
2-19-96. NYT:
   "In this new game, you'll never play with a full deck."
      Sometime next month a game will be played on the
      Internet, challenging surfers to leap between sites,
      solving puzzles and cracking codes that will give them
      access to secret data hidden behind firewalls and
      software barriers. The new game is Netrunner, set in the
      "dark techno-future" in which "ruthless corporations
      scheme to accomplish secret agendas as they build
      elaborate fortresses of data." In opposition to such
      plots, "anarchistic netrunners hack the system,
      infiltrating data forts to liberate information." It was
      created by Richard Garfield, who applied his doctoral
      training in combinatorial mathematics -- a field that
      studies the interaction of objects in complex systems.
   " 'Magic' Casts a Spell on Players."
      Magic was invented by Richard Garfield, who revels in
      his shoelessness. "I like to wear socks or slippers
      indoors," he said, padding around the Puck Building in
      thick. off-white socks. Developing the game took Mr.
      Garfield, who has a doctorate in combinational
      mathematics, all of a week.
   NET_run

@_date: 1996-02-21 01:54:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SOW_hat 
2-20-96. FT:
   "Cash versus cashless."
      Assays Y/Ns of e-cash and declares DigiCash the winner
      for its privacy and anonymity. Echoes DC privacy mantra
      and sketches DC/DC tests underway by the EU. Compares
      froth of issuers, fear of banks and so-what of       consumers: "Physical cash already offers consumers a       product that is universally accepted, convenient,       anonymous and has no direct costs."
   2-20-96. WSJ:
   "Security Sytem On the Internet Contains Flaw."
      Two Purdue University students discovered a major flaw
      in Kerberos that could allow a hacker to penetrate
      corporate networks in about 5.8 seconds, giving another
      black-eye to electronic commerce.    SOW_hat

@_date: 1996-02-21 13:37:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Future of US Intelligence - CoFR Report 
The new CoFR report on the future of US intelligence    as covered in recent press reports is digitized. Is
   there a public-spirited site for making it available
   by http or ftp or both? It's 103 kb long, in ASCII.
   Altavista did not show this tealeaf -- to us anyhow.
   _________________________________________________________
                 Making Intelligence Smarter
               The Future of U.S. Intelligence
             Report of an Independent Task Force
        Sponsored by the Council on Foreign Relations
   _________________________________________________________
                             Contents
      Executive Summary
      Introduction
      Background
      The Setting
      The Need for Intelligence
      Collection Priorities
      Setting Requirements
      Improving Analysis
      Economic Intelligence
      Clandestine Activities
      Organization
      Military Issues
      Intelligence and Law Enforcement
      Congressional and Public Oversight
      Additional Views
      Appendix
      Members of the Task Force
      Acknowledgements
      Publication information
   _________________________________________________________

@_date: 1996-02-21 16:45:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CoFR Report Site 
Thanks to KLP, the Council on Foreign Relations report on the future of US intelligence:
      (text)

@_date: 1996-02-22 03:04:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: OECD Canberra Papers 
Papers from the Australian/OECD Conference in Canberra are starting to appear, though none are specifically identified as coming from the restricted Group of Experts meeting on February        Joint Australian/OECD Conference on
   Security, Privacy and Intellectual Property Protection in the Global
   Information Infrastructure
   Canberra, 7 - 8 February 1996
The one by Shane Simpson thoughtfully examines the way technology is affecting the sharing of information once considered to be proprietary or secret or private. Among other topics, it also explores the release of government information, prying by Big Bro in the "public interest" and other long-standing practices being re-shaped by technology. Some mention of the spread of cryptography and the consequent power          Managing Risks in the Global Information Infrastructure
    Professor Shane Simpson
   Founder and Director, Technology Risk Management Centre,
   Faculty of Law, University of Wollongong

@_date: 1996-02-22 04:54:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: XON_rot 
Computerworld, February 19, 1996:
   Internet Privacy: How far should federal regulation go?
   "Only The Force of Law Can Deter Pornographers." by Sen.
   Jim Exon
      Don't let opponents of CDA fool you: Nothing in it
      applies to constitutionally protected speech between
      consenting adults. Opponents forsake reason when they
      say they want to protect children from indecency,
      seduction and harassment but maintain that the
      overriding issue is freedom of access to anything by
      anybody. There is too much of the self-serving
      philosophy of the hands-off elite.
   "The 'Net Doesn't Need Thought Police." by Marc Rotenberg
      The U.S. is getting drawn into this craziness because
      religious zealots and their allies in Congress have
      decided they know what is good for us and our children.
      CDA gives federal investigators the right to comb
      through Web sites, newsgroup posts and even private
      electronic mail to find evidence of indecent speech. The
      bill even threatens the right to use privacy
      technologies, such as encryption, because the government
      now will have the right to open private E-mail if it
      suspects the message contains offensive language.
   XON_rot
   [Thanks to BC for these]

@_date: 1996-02-22 05:54:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Schneier Attacks 
Schneier says in a March SciAm brief on Kocher's timing
   attack: "In theory there are other attacks. You can measure
   power consumption or heat dissipation of a chip; timing is
   just one way."

@_date: 1996-02-22 07:54:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CPU_nks 
SciAm, March, 1996
   "Privacy and Data Collection on the Net."
      There are still a few eccentric souls who gamely try to
      hold on to what lingering shreds of anonymity they
      possess. They never fill out questionnaires; they give
      their Social Security numbers only to their bank and to
      their broker. They encrypt their e-mail; they bypass the
      supermarket discount card that links identity to
      purchases; they pay cash for medical procedures they do
      not want known; and they wait patiently for e-cash to
      become a reality. Joining these hardy individualists are
      privacy advocates such as EPIC and Net groups like       cypherpunks which believe in untraceable communications       and in the technology needed to achieve it.
   CPU_nks

@_date: 1996-02-22 17:37:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IBM Breakthrough? 
IBM has an ad in the Feb 26 New Yorker where a joker e-
   mails a recipe-swapping friend in Osaka that "I'll teleport
   you some goulash." The text then states:
      Margit is a little premature, but we are working on it.
      An IBM scientist and his colleagues have discovered a
      way to make an object disintegrate in one place and
      reappear intact in another.
      It sounds like magic. But their breakthrough could
      affect everything from the future of computers to our
      knowledge of the cosmos.
   What is this breakthrough or is it just a chump tease?

@_date: 1996-02-22 22:11:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IBM Breakthrough? 
Responding to msg by mpd at netcom.com (Mike Duvos) on Wed, 21 Feb  9:3  PM
   Thanks much for your precis and the IBM pointer.    IBM's ad seems inspired by Clarke's "Any sufficiently
   advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic."
   The teleportation site hiply introduces the topic with    its science fiction ancestry.  The site even has a link to
   the "goulash" featured in the ad, so the tease is PR for
   IBM's magical research explorations.
   It was illuminating to read the tie of teleportation to
   quantum research -- cryptograpy, communication and who
   knows what else burbling in that wizard Watson lab.
   Because my Lynx could not get into IBM's "quantum
   cryptography," perhaps Blue is onto some Lotus-like    Q-Crypto soon to be teased in ads for cosmos-wide Net
   security or surveillance-proof chips and goulash.

@_date: 1996-02-22 22:30:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ASS_alt 
EcoMist of Feb 17 has more on The Seychelles lure for
   wealthy outlaws; a look at Richleson's new book on spying;
   and the assault on Swiss vaults for outlaws and spies by
   outlaw, spying prosecutors.
   ASS_alt (for the 3)
   [Thanks to AS]

@_date: 1996-02-23 05:18:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TIS--Building in Big Brother for a Better Tommorrow 
To supplement TIS's Web site information on CKE, here's a
   mailing from Steve Walker earlier this month:
   TRUSTED INFORMATION SYSTEMS, INC.
   February 2, 1996
   There has been amazing progress on TIS's Commercial Key
   Escrow (CKE) initiative since my last status report.
   In November, we submitted a Commodity Jurisdiction (CJ)
   request to the U.S. Department of State for our Gauntlet
   Internet Firewall Product with CKE-based IP Encryption,
   which constitutes our Global Virtual Private Network (GVPN)
   system (see figure 1). Our Gauntlet system has had a
   Virtual Private Network (VPN) capability using the Data
   Encryption Standard (DES) algorithm to encrypt
   firewall-to-firewall communications for the past year. But
   because of U.S. export controls, we have not been able to
   sell this option outside of the U.S. and Canada. By adding
   CKE technology to our firewalls, the Gauntlet system with
   DES and CKE now meets the U.S. government requirements for
   export to most parts of the world.
   In the course of several meetings with U.S. government
   representatives. we were told that it will take a while
   longer for all the details of the CJ process to be worked
   out, but that the U.S. government was willing to consider
   a temporary (up to 4-year) export license until the CJ
   process is in place. In early December, we submitted such
   a request and on January 19, 1996, it was approved (see
   figure 2).
   While this temporary export license has limitations (there
   must be a Data Recovey Center in the U.S. as well as in the
   foreign country because reciprocal agreements do not yet
   exist between the U.S. and foreign governments), it
   represents the first export approval of a DES-based key
   escrow encryption system, a small step but a giant leap
   toward full exportability of good cryptography when
   equipped with user-controlled key recovery. We are now
   discussing Global Virtual Private Networks, based on our
   Gauntlet-CKE system, with several multinational companies.
   In December, I attended a special meeting of the
   Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development
   (OECD) in Paris to discuss the international ramifications
   of the U.S. key escrow initiative. The consensus of the
   meeting was that user-controlled key escrow provides the
   only workable solution to the long-standing dilemma between
   the private sector's need for encryption protection and
   governments' needs to be able to decrypt the communications
   of criminals, terrorists, and other adversaries. Other
   meetings will follow, but it appears that most major
   governments endorse the U.S. government's user-controlled
   key escrow initiative as the only practical way through the
   cryptography maze.
   In mid-January, Microsoft announced its long-awaited
   Cryptographic Application Programming Interface (CAPI).
   This development promises to finally provide a well-defined
   separation between applications calling on cryptography and
   the actual performance of the cryptography. Now users will
   be able to request cryptographic functions in hundreds of
   applications and select precisely which cryptography to use
   at the time of program execution rather than program
   purchase. Cryptographic Service Providers (CSPs) can now
   evolve independent of applications, and users can choose
   whatever cryptography is available wherever they are in the
   world. TIS is working closely with CSP vendors to ensure
   that CSPs with good cryptography are available in domestic
   and exportable versions as soon as possible based on the
   U.S. government's key escrow initiative.
   In a presentation at the recent RSA Conference, I tried to
   put all this in perspective by conducting a "thought
   experiment" (see attachment 3).
   +  Suppose the U.S. government had never thought of placing
      export controls on cryptography...
      We would now have widespread use of encryption, both
      domestically and worldwide; we would be in a state of
      "Utopia," with widespread availability of cryptography
      with unlimited key lengths. But, once in this state, we
      will face situations where we need a file that had been
      encrypted by an associate who is unavailable (illness,
      traffic jam, or change of jobs). We will then realize
      that we must have some systematic way to recover our
      encrypted information when the keys are unavailable.
      When we add a user-controlled key recovery capability to
      our Utopia, we find ourselves in an "Ultimate Utopia,"
      with unlimited key length cryptography, widely available
      through mass market applications, and user-controlled
      key recovery.
   +  But, unfortunately, the U.S. government *did* think of
      cryptographic export controls. And over the past several
      years, we have been frustrated by repeated unsuccessful
      attempts to resolve this dilemma...
      In 1992, the U.S. government allowed the export of
      40-bit keys, a solution so weak no one wanted it.
      In 1993, the U.S. government announced Clipper, an
      attempt to give users good cryptography while preserving
      the U.S. government's prerogatives. But almost everyone
      hated U.S. Government-controlled key escrow, including
      most foreign governments.
      In 1994, industry rebelled with the proposed Cantwell
      legislative initiative to remove cryptography from U.S.
      State Department control. And, behind the scenes, the
      U.S. government orchestrated a massive counterattack.
      The result: a study that acknowledged the widespread
      availability of foreign cryptography yet proposed no
      change in U.S. government policies on cryptographic
      exports.
   +  Then in 1995, the U.S. government announced its key
      escrow initiative: allow the export of up to 64-bit
      cryptography (a remarkable concession) when accompanied
      by an acceptable form of user-controlled key escrow
      (critical component to this policy being that "an
      acceptable escrow system" must have sufficient integrity
      to give the government confidence that, with a warrant,
      the keys will be available.)...
      Some in the computer industry labeled this just another
      form of Clipper and vowed to continue the fight against
      U.S. government regulation of encryption in any form --       presumably forever. On the other hand, once the new
      escrowed encryption policy was announced, U.S.
      government agencies -- the FBI, NSA, White House, DoD,
      DoJ, NIST, and NSC -- closed ranks behind it and have
      shown little interest in discussing any other
      approaches. In addition, neither political party has
      shown any interest in taking up the argument in the
      Congress, probably because it is a complex issue and
      there is no obvious "winning" position. But, depending
      upon how the definition of user-controlled key escrow is
      resolved, the new escrow policy could just be the
      long-sought compromise between government and industry
      that gets us through this morass.
   +  If we can ensure that organizations can control the
      security of backup access to their encrypted information
      through well-designed commercial key recovery systems --
      yet also ensure that governments have access when
      justified via normal legal procedures -- we may have
      truly found the "Ultimate Utopia" solution to a dilemma
      that has existed all of our professional lives and
      threatens to continue through the next generation...
   Thus, in my thought experiment I have come to the
   conclusion that we (industry and government) are all
   heading towards the same objective, but on a different path
   from what some of us originally wanted. Yet, to my way of
   thinking, that path has to accomodate us all if we are ever
   to arrive at any mutually agreeable destination. When one
   group of participants raises insurmountable barriers for
   another group, it simply blocks everyone from progressing
   down any path, and the net result is that U.S. industry is
   not able to export any good crypto-based security.
   We at TIS are dedicated to finding a solution acceptable to
   all sides. We ask your help in this struggle. If you want
   exportable cryptography routinely available in your
   lifetime and believe that user-controlled key recovery is
   an important, if not vital, capability, please contact us
   at . If you want to integrate exportable CKE
   into your product line, we are ready to help. If you want
   to buy internationally deployable good cryptography with
   your favorite applications, tell your application vendor
   you want escrow-enabled applications.
   We all have an opportunity to make a major difference here.
   The opportunity is ours to take or forgo. Help us make this
   happen. Visit our www site, at  and
   learn more about this vital initiative.
   Sincerely,
   Stephen T. Walker
   Attachments:
   1. Global Virtual Private networks with CKE/Gauntlet
      transaction security diagram.
   2. CJ Application for "Escrow-enabled Gauntlet Firewall
      Model 3.2 with Gauntlet Data Recovery Center."
   3. Diagram of cryptography evolution from 1992 to 1995,
      with Yesterday, Today, "Utopia" and "Ultimate Utopia."
   -----

@_date: 1996-02-23 08:57:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Schneier Attacks 
Responding to msg by tighe at spectrum.titan.com (Mike Tighe) on Wed, 21 Feb  4:17 PM
True, Bruce eggs-on the credulous SciAm reporter:
"Is the timing attack a real threat to security? 'Oh, God, yes!' exclaims Bruce Schneier. 'You can't belittle the realness of it. It's not only a theoretical attack -- you can do this!' And a current IBM ad exclaims! that one of its scientists can dematerialize objects for transmission over the Internet with rematerialization at the other end! And that this technology will transform the world of information!
Here comes IPO Photon-optical!!!

@_date: 1996-02-23 09:54:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BLO_bak 
2-22-96. TWP:
   "CIA Can Waive Prohibition Against Using U.S. Clergy Abroad
   for Covert Work."
      A controversial loophole permitting the CIA to recruit
      American journalists as agents also allows the agency to
      waive a similar 19-year-old ban on employing clerics or
      missionaries. An official also disclosed that CIA
      regulations prohibit recruiting employees of members of
      Congress or congressional committees "without the
      approval of the member" for whom they work.
   "The CIA: No Cover For Failure."
      Now we know why the CIA, the NSA and the DIA and all
      those other spook agencies that get $25 billion-plus
      every year can't bring down Saddam Hussein: They have
      not been able to use journalists or priests -- the
      latest the Washington/New York national security
      establishment has come up with to ride out the lean
      years after the Cold War. In a justification for
      continued massive spending on spying, the experts ask us
      to focus on the extraneous and stupid, rather than look
      at the obvious.
   "Again, the CIA and the Press." [Editorial]
   "My Spy Story." [NYT Op-Ed]
   2ND_job (for 4)

@_date: 1996-02-23 13:53:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BLO_bak 
2-22-96. TWP:
   "CIA Can Waive Prohibition Against Using U.S. Clergy Abroad
   for Covert Work."
      A controversial loophole permitting the CIA to recruit
      American journalists as agents also allows the agency to
      waive a similar 19-year-old ban on employing clerics or
      missionaries. An official also disclosed that CIA
      regulations prohibit recruiting employees of members of
      Congress or congressional committees "without the
      approval of the member" for whom they work.
   "The CIA: No Cover For Failure."
      Now we know why the CIA, the NSA and the DIA and all
      those other spook agencies that get $25 billion-plus
      every year can't bring down Saddam Hussein: They have
      not been able to use journalists or priests -- the
      latest the Washington/New York national security
      establishment has come up with to ride out the lean
      years after the Cold War. In a justification for
      continued massive spending on spying, the experts ask us
      to focus on the extraneous and stupid, rather than look
      at the obvious.
   "Again, the CIA and the Press." [Editorial]
   "My Spy Story." [NYT Op-Ed]
   BLO_bak (for 4)

@_date: 1996-02-23 21:07:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bell Labs' Alternative to Java 
March BYTE has an article on the Plan 9 OS, by Paul Fillinich, a marketing manager at AT&T, pp. 143-44.
He credits "researchers Rob Pike, Dave Presotto, Ken Thompson, Howard Trickey, and Phil Winterbottom, with support from Dennis Plan 9 resources cited:
     Anonymous FTP: plan9.att.com
University of Toronto site:
     For those without BYTE access: PLN_9os

@_date: 1996-02-24 04:58:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DEP_tot 
2-23-96. TWP:
   "CIA Defends Rule on Use Of Reporters."
      In the face of growing criticism from American news
      organizations, CIA Director John M. Deutch yesterday
      insisted he would not rule out employing American
      journalists in secret intelligence operations where
      American lives are at stake or a weapon of mass
      destruction might be used.
   2-23-96. NYT:
   "C.I.A. Chief Defends Secrecy, in Spending and Spying, to
   Senate."
      The DCI said today that the secret budget for spying
      might be made public, and he defended a longstanding
      policy allowing clandestine officers to pose as
      reporters or to use journalists as informers. Posing as
      a reporter is an ideal cover for a spy, since both jobs
      require traveling to out-of-the-way places and prying
      out secrets.
   DEP_tot
   For Deep Throat Scowcroft parallels to the CoFR report on
   the future of intelligence see the ISD recommendations to    the Presidential Commission on intelligence:

@_date: 1996-02-24 05:02:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: REM_ote 
2-23-96. WSJ:
   "H-P Acquires Most of Internet Security Firm."
      SecureWare technology is used by the Pentagon to
      safeguard transmission of military secrets. The firm's
      team of about 40 programmers is "a substantial fraction       of the hired guns available in the on-line security       world" who snake oil an extra virgin security that not       even hackers can cross. Hackers would question that;       they have a remarkable history of eventually figuring       out ways to get past advances in faked chastity.
   "Netscape Will Issue Fix for Flaw Found In Browser System."
      The company confirmed that Princeton researchers found
      a security flaw in the "applets" created with Java, but
      said the flaw was minor and that the company will issue
      a software fix for it next week. Jeff Treuhaft said
      exploiting the flaw would require extremely skilled
      hacking. Marianne Mueller, Java security engineer, also
      said the chances of such hacking occurring are "remote."
   REM_ote

@_date: 1996-02-24 06:55:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: REM_ote 
Oops, Jeff, for the fun mirror; gotta watch these pseudo-random walks, what with all the Net security deals favorably affecting more and more c'punks.
BTW, the full REM_ote package includes articles by The Wash Post and Fin Times, each of which have slightly different descriptions of your clearly respected, and valuable!, company.
And another BTW, I hope you got a respectable slice of the buyout pie. If so, keep in mind as you consider where to dispose of your new hard-earned wealth that I design extra virgin fancy houses to camouflage impenetrable, and not-at-all cheesy, Swiss vaults.

@_date: 1996-02-25 07:36:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Not So REM_ote 
Responding to msg by karlton at netscape.com (Phil Karlton) on Fri, 23 Feb  8:19 PM
Here's the full article. My snipping fed Alex's take, still, he got the right stink of Netscape's and Sun's deodorizing the loss of pucker, which might be sniffed of Phil Karlton's distancing from Marianne Mueller, eh, even though Jeff Truehaft is the true fart-waver.
   Wall Street Journal, February 23, 1996, p. B3.
   Netscape Will Issue Fix for Flaw Found In Browser System
   Mountain View, Calif. - Netscape Communications Corp.
   confirmed that Princeton University researchers found a
   potential security flaw in Netscape's popular Internet
   browser technology, but said the flaw was minor and that
   the company will issue a software fix for it next week.
   Edward Felten, an assistant professor of computer science
   at Princeton, posted a report on the Internet earlier this
   week describing the flaw in Netscape's Navigator 2.0, a
   product that enables the use of programs created with Java,
   Sun Microsystems Inc.'s hot programming language for the
   Internet. Java can be used to create "applets," small
   applications such as spreadsheets, that can be downloaded
   from the Internet's World Wide Web.
   Both Netscape's Navigator and Sun's Java have defenses
   designed to prevent Java applets from connecting with any
   computers except the ones they are summoned to by users and
   the ones they came from. But the Princeton team found a way
   to defeat those defenses, meaning that applets could
   theoretically be manuevered into other computers on a
   network. Applets aren't viruses, but in theory, they could
   be used to peruse confidential documents or other
   information.
   In trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Netscape fell $1.875
   to $62, while Sun Microsystems jumped 7.8% to $51.875, up
   $3.75.
   Netscape product manager Jeff Treuhaft said exploiting the
   flaw would require extremely skilled hacking and many other
   unlikely advantages, such as intimate familiarity with the
   network being hacked.
   Marianne Mueller, a top Java security engineer, also said
   the chances of such hacking occurring are "remote," but
   said Sun also soon will issue a software fix that will plug
   the possible security leak.
   [End]

@_date: 1996-02-25 07:37:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SGI Nabs Crayfish 
2-24-96. NYT:
John Markoff reports that SGI will buy Cray Research.
It notes Cray's last gasping, grasping at SGI's grab hand nabbing crawfish.
An SGI/Cray super-gabfeast Monday.

@_date: 1996-02-26 00:01:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TED_hal 
2-25-96.
   The Wash Post has a Page One lead about "atomic bomb spy"
   Theodore Alvin Hall, who, as a young physicist at Los
   Alamos provided the Soviets with Manhattan Project secrets.
   Hall's role was revealed by gradual code-cracking of cables
   under the Venona program.
   Though discovered, for unknown reasons Hall was never
   charged and went on to a distinguished career at Cavendish
   Laboratory, Cambridge, England, where he now lives in
   retirement. Interviewed for the article he neither confirms
   nor denies he was the spy code-named "Mlad." He suggests it
   may be worth investigating why the US has kept silent about
   the case.
   The detailed story correlates Hall's role with the well-
   known atomic bomb spies; gives amazed responses of security
   officers then at Los Alamos; and lays out the long-term,
   never-give-up, FBI tracking and NSA cracking.
   For Unicorn and Bell: Hall was assigned to the Los Alamos
   "Gadgets" division and specialized in implosion devices.
   (With Hall, it's worth wondering if this ancient revelation
   and the recent 20-year-old NSA-spy have anything to do
   with the future of IC budgets -- teasing release of "if you
   knew what we know.")
   TED_hal

@_date: 1996-02-26 01:33:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WYZ_qak 
2-25-96. TWP:
   "Scrambling for a Policy on Encryption Exports. As
   Technology Advances, U.S. and Industry Seek Compromise That
   Balances Public, Private Fears."
   A knowledgeable brief by Elizabeth Corcoran, with quotes by
   wisecracking Crypto-Wise-Quackers.
   WYZ_qak

@_date: 1996-02-26 01:53:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Extra 
The recent study by Blaze, Diffie, Shimomura, et al, of stunted cryptography is featured in the TWP story on crypto exports offered with WYZ_qak.

@_date: 1996-02-26 08:06:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Export Legislation? 
The excerpt below is from the Wash Post article today. Does anyone know the status of the Leahy/Goodlatte bills?
BTW, it's been suggested that this article is sufficiently on topic to post to the list in its entirety. Anyone else whose seen it agree?
   The Washington Post, February 25, 1996, pp. H1, H4.
   Scrambling for a Policy on Encryption Exports
   [Long snip]
   Industry also is fanning Congress's interest in taking a
   bigger role in the encryption debate. "Without
   congressional interest, the administration has no reason to
   liberalize exports at all," said Becca Gould, director of
   policy at the Business Software Alliance. "This issue is in
   Congress's front yard because it affects the economy" as
   well as U.S. citizens' privacy rights.
   Sen. Patrick J. Leahy (D-Vt.) and Rep. Robert W. Goodlatte
   (R-Va.) agree. They plan to introduce bills in the Senate
   and House aimed at loosening the restrictions on
   encryption. "The federal government is taking an attitude
   that's based more in the 1970s than in present time," said
   Leahy in a telephone interview.
   "This is a matter that should be decided by legislation,"
   he added. "We're talking about billions of dollars in
   revenues and thousands of jobs if we're handicapped in our
   global market, especiaUy if what we're told to do is to
   build an export encryption program that is so outdated that
   our 12-year-old computer experts wouJd laugh at it."
   The bills would do away with export licenses for any
   encryption technology considered to be "generally
   available," or "in the public domain." Leahy said that
   although he, too, worries about national security and
   terrorism, trying to bottle up technology won't solve the
   problem.
   Law enforcement has "got to figure out how to keep ahead
   ... and surprise, surprise, there will be some times when
   we won't be able to eavesdrop," Leahy said. Even now,
   criminals can make calls at pay telephones or avoid
   detection in other ways. The government shouldn't cripple
   the computer industry every time a new technology springs
   up that challenges law enforcement, he said.
   "What I'm suggesting is that if [the administration] works
   with the Congress, we'll find a solution," Leahy said.
   ...

@_date: 1996-02-26 12:27:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TWP on Crypto Export Policy 
The Washington Post, February 25, 1996, pp. H1, H4.
   Scrambling for a Policy on Encryption Exports
      As Technology Advances, U.S. and Industry Seek
      Compromise That Balances Public, Private Fears
   By Elizabeth Corcoran
   Keeping information about technology out of other people's
   hands gets tougher all the time. And in the realm of the
   Internet, where information ignores boundaries and some
   cybersurfers flaunt rules, it may become impossible.
   A big test of that statement is emerging in cryptography,
   the business of scrambling information so that it looks
   like gibberish to anyone lacking the keys for unlocking the
   code.
   Once considered an arcane subspecialty of mathematicians
   and espionage, cryptography is rapidly becoming big
   business as more and more of the world's information is
   exchanged on electronic networks and as more and more
   people want to protect their data from prying eyes.
   But in these times of international terrorism, drug
   trafficking and sometimes peculiar financial transactions,
   law enforcement agencies want to be able to legally
   eavesdrop. As technology has grown dramatically more
   powerful, the ability to peek at encrypted information is
   slipping from the hands of government.
   That balance -- how much access can government demand vs.
   how much privacy others want -- has long been a theological
   debate between civil liberties advocates and worried law
   enforcement officials.
   Now, giddy with the growth of the Internet, technology
   companies have joined the debate. Both the software
   industry and civil liberties advocates believe powerful
   encryption will spur the growth of electronic
   communications and the Internet. And they don't want
   encryption restrictions to curb that growth.
   There are no limits on what kinds of encryption people can
   use within the United States. But the government has used
   export restrictions to try to shape what encryption
   technology is used internationally, and by extension, what
   is available in the United States. Those export laws
   prohibit U.S. companies from selling their best technology
   overseas.
   The restrictions, companies contend slow the development of
   the Internet and harm a potentially lucrative market for
   U.S. manufacturing. Making two flavors of an encryption
   product, U.S. companies contend, is expensive. Yet even
   more worrisome is that foreign competitors are likely to
   move in and offer better technology. That could spell the
   loss not just of sales of encryption technology, but of
   many other products that rely on strong digital protection
   as well.
   So companies are looking hard for ways to wriggle around
   the rules -- and beginning to find them.
   "Trying to suppress this technobgy is like Prohibition,"
   said Whitfield Diffie, a cryptographer at Sun Microsystems
   Inc. and an outspoken advocate of widespread use of
   encryption technology. Companies will use anything at hand
   -- technology, business strategies and even the promise of
   congressional action -- to begin to get their home-brews
   out.
   Building and breaking encryption is hard. All information
   stored in computers -- whether pictures or sounds or
   documents -- is represented by ones or zeros or bits, the
   genetic code of the digital world. Encryption techniques
   amount to applying clever mathematical formulas to a
   collection of bits to make it look like gibberish to the
   uninitiated.
   Unlocking encrypted data requires a "key," a mathematical
   formula that can make sense of the tricks used to scramble
   the data. One common way to measure the sophisticaticn of
   an encryption scheme is by the number of bits in the key.
   The more bits, the harder it is to decode the information.
   A 30-bit key, for instance, could take as many as a billion
   random calculations to crack the code. A 60-bit key could
   take a billion-times-a-billion calculations.
   In past decades, governments were largely the only
   organizations with the money and need to tackle such
   expensive problems. But as the power of computers has
   soared -- and the cost of running millions of calculations
   has fallen -- companies and individuals have begun to
   clamor for sophisticated encryption.
   "We believe that encryption is a critical technology" to
   support many areas of electronic commerce, said Craig
   Mundie, a senior vice president at Microsoft Corp.
   Under current rules, U.S. companies can export encryption
   technologies that use up to 40-bit keys. A few years ago,
   such a lock might have stopped all but the most determined
   digital interlopers.
   No more. Within the past year graduate students at the
   Ecole Polytechnique in Paris and others at the
   Massachusetts Institute of Technology have shown they can
   break the 40-bit encryption used by Netscape Communications
   Corp. A few weeks ago, Diffie and six other well-know
   cryptographers began circulating a report in which they
   argue that to "adequately" protect information for the next
   20 years, keys should be as long as 90 bits.
   Even encryption wizards at the National Security Agency
   would have trouble unlocking 90-bit encrypted information,
   experts say.
   So the government has tried to craft a compromise. Last
   summer, the government suggested that it would likely let
   companies use up to 64-bit encryption -- provided they set
   up a way for law enforcement agents, with a court order, to
   unlock encrypted information.
   Under this proposal, a "trusted third party," such as a
   bank or an encryption company that typically handles
   sensitive information, would safeguard the key. The plan
   has since bogged down over such details as precisely who
   might qualify as a trusted third party.
   Last fall, Trusted Information Systems (TIS) in Glenwood,
   Md., in what it calls a test case, applied for a license to
   export a sophisticated (and still unexportable) 56-bit
   encryption system called DES. Steve Walker, who heads TIS,
   has invested months in outlining the sort of spare-key
   program that he believes both the government and his
   customers can stomach. In late January, he got approval to
   ship his product to Britain.
   "It's not perfect; it's not where we want to be," Walker
   insisted. He purposely submitted a case, he said, that was
   virtually certain to meet the government's still evolving
   criteria. "But it's a first, giant baby step," he said.
   Trusting a Third Party?
   Others are uneasy with putting the means to unlock files in
   the hands of a "trusted third party."
   "Ask anyone who owns a business: Are they willing to give
   copies of a spare key that leads to everything sensitive in
   their company to a third party," said Jim Bidzos, chief
   executive of RSA Data Security Inc., a leading encryption
   firm.
   But government officials get nervous if the only keys to
   the scrambled material are held by its owners. Ed Roback,
   an encryption policy specialist at the National Institute
   of Standards and Technology, puts it this way: "I know of
   few front doors that can't be broken down. It's a little
   different with encryption," when it literally might take
   10,000 years to break the code without the key.
   Roback and law enforcement officials say they'd be
   delighted to see Americans make more use of encryption,
   particularly if spare keys were held by a third party.
   "This nation, more than any other, relies on computers ...
   [so] there's a lot of vulnerability and encryption can help
   that," Roback said. "So it's a good thing -- but it can
   present a problem for national law enforcement."
   But momentum in the United States could swing toward
   widespread use of sophisticated encryption -- without spare
   keys -- if such technology was widely available. That's
   just what a recent announcement from Microsoft could help
   spur.
   In January, Microsoft told developers it had created a
   module in its operating system software that will let
   applications such as word processing programs or
   spreadsheets "plug in" to encryption technology.
   An application developer who built a software program for
   filing expense accounts would not have to add encryption to
   his product. Instead, the developer would need only to
   write a small program that taps the encryption technology
   available through the operating system.
   The strength of the encryption program could vary.
   Microsoft plans to include a 40-bit code with the version
   of Windows used principaUy by companies (called Windows
   NT). That encryption technology would be easy to export.
   But Microsoft also is encouraging other encryption firms,
   including RSA and TSI, to build more sophisticated
   encryption modules that could be used in the United States.
   Commercial products that take advantage of the new function
   are not likely to appear until the end of the year. But
   Microsoft is hoping it will spur more widespread use of
   encryption. "The single most pressing problem for
   electronic commerce is to create a secure payment
   structure," Mundie said -- and Microsoft is hoping to
   accelerate that work.
   RSA's Bidzos is among those in industry who would love to
   see the government give up on trying to control encryption
   technology. He worries that other countries are gearing up
   to snatch a big role in selling encryption while his
   company and other U.S. businesses remain entangled in U.S.
   policies.
   So he's testing the rules. Early this month, RSA announced
   that it had created subsidiaries in the People's Republic
   of China and in Japan. In China, RSA partners include the
   Chinese government. Bidzos plans to do joint research on
   encryption software with scientists there.
   Although Bidzos says he is planning to export only the
   approved, 40-bit encryption technology to his Chinese
   colleagues, "one genuine concern is that they might try to
   strengthen it themselves," he said. "It would be hard to do
   -- but not impossible. I've never had a conversation with
   [the Chinese] about it," Bidzos added.
   In addition, the Chinese have some interesting ideas of
   their own about new areas of cryptography, Bidzos said.
   "They're pretty advanced." And if the group developed more
   powerful techniques than even RSA has in the United States?
   Bidzos shrugged. RSA would likely take any promising ideas
   and develop them into products in the United States. As for
   Chinese export restrictions, "I haven't thought about it,"
   he said.
   Going Up to the Hill
   Industry also is fanning Congress's interest in taking a
   bigger role in the encryption debate. "Without
   congressional interest, the administration has no reason to
   liberalize exports at all," said Becca Gould, director of
   policy at the Business Software Alliance. "This issue is in
   Congress's front yard because it affects the economy" as
   well as U.S. citizens' privacy rights.
   Sen. Patrick J. Leahy (D-Vt.) and Rep. Robert W. Goodlatte
   (R-Va.) agree. They plan to introduce bills in the Senate
   and House aimed at loosening the restrictions on
   encryption. "The federal government is taking an attitude
   that's based more in the 1970s than in present time," said
   Leahy in a telephone interview.
   "This is a matter that should be decided by legislation,"
   he added. "We're talking about billions of dollars in
   revenues and thousands of jobs if we're handicapped in our
   global market, especially if what we're told to do is to
   build an export encryption program that is so outdated that
   our 12-year-old computer experts would laugh at it."
   The bills would do away with export licenses for any
   encryption technology considered to be "generally
   available," or "in the public domain." Leahy said that
   although he, too, worries about national security and
   terrorism, trying to bottle up technology won't solve the
   problem.
   Law enforcement has "got to figure out how to keep ahead
   ... and surprise, surprise, there will be some times when
   we won't be able to eavesdrop," Leahy said. Even now,
   criminals can make calls at pay telephones or avoid
   detection in other ways. The government shouldn't cripple
   the computer industry every time a new technology springs
   up that challenges law enforcement, he said.
   "What I'm suggesting is that if [the administration] works
   with the Congress, we'll find a solution," Leahy said.
   "We say over and over that we recognize that this is a very
   difficult issue," Roback said. But, he added, "the
   government has thought about [encryption policies] for a
   long time as well as industry," he said. To reach some
   resolution, he added, "compromise is going to be necessary
   on all fronts."
   [Photo] Jim Bidzos, chief executive of RSA Data Security
   Inc., a leading encryption firm, hopes the government wlll
   let go of encryption technology controls.
   _________________________________________________________
   Code Breakers
   Recent advances in technology have allowed much faster and
   cheaper invasion of encrypted information. The deciphering
   time, however, varies widely with the computer power of the
   attacker.
   Here are estimates of cracking times by one group of
   experts.
   Type of         Budget for      Time to       Time to
   attacker        computing       recover       recover
                   engine          40-bit key    56-bit key
   _________________________________________________________
   Pedestrian
   hacker          $400            5 hours       38 years
   Small
   business        $10,000         12 minutes    556 days
   Corporate
   department      $300,000        24 seconds    3 hours
   Big company     $10 million     7 seconds     13 hours
   Intelligence
   agency          $300 million    0.0002 sec.   12 seconds
   _________________________________________________________
   Source: Report by an ad hoc group of cryptographers and
   computer scientists Matt Blaze, Whitfield Diffie, Ronald L.
   Rivest, Bruce Schneier, Tsutomu Shimomura, Eric Thompson,
   Michael Wiener.
   _________________________________________________________
   [End]

@_date: 1996-02-27 01:01:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WSJ on Crypto Bills 
Wall Street Journal, February 26, 1996, p. B4.
   New Proposals On Encryption Get Tepid Response
   By Jared Sandberg
   Two bills are expected to be introduced in Congress that
   try to resolve the deadlock between the administration and
   the Internet industry on software encryption, but industry
   executives are lukewarm to the new proposals.
   The two proposals, sponsored by Democratic Sen. Patrick J.
   Leahy of Vermont and GOP Rep. Robert W. Goodlatte of
   Virginia, seek to loosen government restrictions on
   encryption -- mathematical formulas that are used to
   scramble data beyond recognition of eavesdroppers. The
   government prevents the export of strong encryption because
   it hampers its efforts to monitor the actions of terrorists
   and foreign governments. The Clinton administration wants
   to set up government-approved repositories that keep copies
   of mathematical keys for decoding encrypted information, so
   law enforcement officials can decode private communications
   if granted a court order.
   Those policies have met with uniform distaste on the part
   of the industry executives, who say that widespread use of
   strong encryption is essential to the success of electronic
   commerce over the Internet. They argue that the
   administration's export restrictions on strong
   cryptography, determined by the length of the key needed to
   unlock the code, are hurting business abroad where
   competitors can freely offer stronger encryption software.
   Producing a separate weaker version of encryption software
   for foreign markets not only raises costs but is becoming
   pointless because hackers can now access computers powerful
   enough to break the weaker code.
   "The federal government's ideas on encryption are based on
   a situation which may have existed 10 or 20 years ago with
   very little realization of the realities of today," said
   Sen. Leahy. "We're not going to sell our computer programs
   if we have outdated computer technology, especialiy if
   people can buy it in Europe or Asia."
   The two new bills would allow for the export of much
   stronger encryption provided that level of security was
   "generally available." Sen. Leahy's proposal states that
   the key-escrow scheme will be voluntary, and establishes
   rules by which companies rather than government agencies
   would hold the keys for decoding data. These companies
   would be liable for abuse of keys and subject to strict
   procedures for releasing the keys to law enforcement.       Though industry executives welcome the bills, they say the
   measures don't go far enough to unshackle high-tech
   companies. Thomas Parenty, product manager at the database
   firm Sybase Inc., said that both bills represent "a good
   start." But by allowing U.S. companies to export encryption
   only as strong as that which is available overseas, Mr.
   Parenty said, the bills won't allow them to innovate and
   produce superior products.
   And putting keys in the hands of third-party companies,
   they say, is still likely to meet industry opposition.
   People familiar with the bills said one motivation is to
   build support for a private version of the key-escrow
   concept, which could be an opportunity for several
   companies who are selling products based on the idea. "It
   would establish the legal framework for their
   implementation to go forward," said James Bidzos, chief
   executive officer of RSA Data Security Inc., an
   encryption-software company in Redwood City, Calif.
   -- Don Clark contributed to this article.
   [End]

@_date: 1996-02-27 22:46:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PHO_ton 
New Scientist, 24 February 1996:
   "Trick of the light fools forgers."
      Researchers at U-Conn Storrs are developing security
      systems that use a new kind of invisible code -- the
      phase of light. A transparent phase mask over a photo on
      a credit card would make it very difficult to forge. The
      authenticity of the card is checked by a reader composed
      of a laser light source and a device called an optical
      correlator. Bahram Javidi, leading Storrs researcher,
      will publish the latest findings in SPIE proceedings,
      called "Optical Security and Counterfeit Deterrent
      Techniques" (v 2659).
   "Good connections, quantum style."
      For quantum computers of the future, any "noise" in the
      connection between sender and receiver could prove
      disastrous. The problem is that the data in such
      computers will be held in the form of individual photons
      and, since quantum theory states that they cannot be
      checked because the mere act of measuring them will
      transform them, every error that creeps in will go
      uncorrected. Now IBM researchers have come up with a way
      to make the connection crystal clear (PRL, v 76, p 722).
      [Cf. recent thread "IBM's Breakthrough."]
   PHO_ton

@_date: 1996-02-28 04:01:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: VAN_goh 
2-26-96. FT:
   "Net's rivals feel the squeeze. A quiet revolution is
   transforming global electronic trade."
      Value added networks (Vans) such as GEIS and Advantis
      are already at risk from the Internet, according to
      Price Waterhouse's *Technology Forecast*, a panoramic
      sweep through today's electronics, from chip designs to
      video compression software. Electronic commerce, the
      forecast says, has become a worldwide phenomenon,
      reshaping marketplaces, trading relationships and
      international trading boundaries.
   2-27-96. NYT:
   "AT&T Makes Belated Move On Internet." John Markoff.
      AT&T is to introduce a service Tuesday that it hopes to
      use to link millions of its long-distance telephone
      customers to the global computer network. Analysts said
      the entry by AT&T was certain to alter the competitive
      landscape for ISPs. It will offer relatively inexpensive
      dial-up access to the Internet and the Web to personal
      computer users at home. Company officials said pricing
      will "be aggressive enough to make the industry sit up
      and take notice." "You're about to see a new AT&T," said
      an analyst. The service will use Netscape for browsing
      and a search tool designed by Verity Inc.
   VAN_goh

@_date: 1996-02-28 17:02:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Intelligence ANFO 
FAS offers the January 19, 1996 testimony before the President's Commission on the Future of Intelligence by Bobby Inman, Frank Carlucci and others including Richard Haass, principal author of the recent CoFR report (which is now also at the IRP site).
     URL: The Commission's report to the President is due this Friday.
For admiration of the deeply set spook-hooks in the US economy, take a look at the IRP humongous list of firms that happily fabricate products for $28 billion per year. Firms that generously pasture the ex-TLAs like Inman, Carlucci, Haass, et al, for their, uh, wisdom and expert testimony to insure a bountiful demand for fertilizer and fuel oil.

@_date: 1996-01-01 23:21:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 96R_azz 
1-1-96: NYP:
   Denise Caruso offers '96 resolutions on Nscp/Aol bugs,
   Web rubes, daft pols, Gates' dogs, crypto zip, Apple
   rot, W$ dupes.
   96R_azz

@_date: 1996-01-02 20:17:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Unmuzzling the Internet 
The New York Times, January 2, 1996, p. A15.
   Unmuzzling the Internet [OpEd]
      How to evade the censors and make a statement, too.
   By Jaron Lanier (Visiting scholar at the Columbia
   University department of computer science.)
   If President Clinton signs the telecommunications bill
   drastically restricting private as well as public speech on
   the Internet, he can expect a rollicking cat-and-mouse
   game.
   It can be comical when politicians try to control something
   they do not understand. Such is the case with the bill's
   censorship provision, which not only outlaws the
   transmission of material over the Internet that would be
   allowed in most newspapers, but also makes owners of
   computers on a network liable for the speech of others. (As
   Compuserve demonstrated last week when, to satisfy a German
   court, it blocked American subscribers' access to sexually
   explicit material, regulation of the Internet can threaten
   both commercial and constitutional freedoms.)
   The other day, I came up with a way to easily evade the
   proposed American restrictions. My simple idea would be to
   create a computer program, dubbed "Unmuzzle," which would
   deposit incomprehensible fragments of any forbidden
   material in different foreign computers (though maybe not
   Germany's). The contraband communication would only be
   reassembled into a coherent whole when downloaded in the
   home of the user back in the United States, where it would
   become protected speech, as in any other medium.
   I had no intention of actually building "Unmuzzle," but I
   mentioned the notion in E-mail to a friend, and within days
   I was hearing from people I didn't know who were busy
   creating the program with the idea of distributing it
   freely. Fine with me. Such a program would make an mportant
   statement.
   Speaking as someone who has been involved with computers
   for most of my life (I coined the phrase "virtual reality"
   in the early 1980's and created much of the technology for
   it), I find that many Internet users have been reacting to
   attacks on freedom in cyberspace by slumping into a
   separatist, angry mood. They feel that they are being
   denied the rights that others enjoy.
   On the Internet, separatism is expressed by encryption: an
   encrypted message can be read only by the party it is
   intended for. Therefore, in the spirit of the First
   Amendment, I suggest Unmuzzle as an alternative method: it
   may break up images or text into a hundred pieces, but they
   are still accessible to the public.
   The idea of censoring the Internet should be unthinkable,
   especially in the United States. Aside from the question of
   free speech, there's the economic imperative as well. The
   Internet is not a plaything: it is the infrastructure of
   our information technology industry.
   The young have the most to lose from the new restrictions,
   in spite of the fact that such limits are purportedly meant
   to protect them. Schools and libraries will find it
   extremely difficult to offer vital Internet services in the
   face of a mine field of criminal liabilities.
   It is members of Congress and the President who need to
   show some maturity, by rejecting free-speech restrictions
   in the telecommunications bill.
   [End]

@_date: 1996-01-03 03:43:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: In Search of Computer Security 
The New York Times, January 2, 1996, p. C15.
   Special section "Business World Outlook '96."
   In Search Of Computer Security
   By John Markoff
   Computer security is making a transition from the
   university and the research laboratory to the real world.
   So far it is proving to be a rocky evolution.
   Last year, a series of embarrassing gaffes and shortcomings
   undermined the faith of potential computer users in the
   certainty that their data are secure. The flaws have led to
   a growing realization that computer security systems are
   largely untested and that in complex environments like the
   Internet, they do not always respond the way their creators
   had intended.
   Paul C. Kocher, a computer security expert who discovered
   one potential flaw, said, "Many of the security systems
   that I am examining are good enough to keep out casual
   snoopers, but they're failing catastrophically when it
   comes to protecting data against determined attacks."
   The problems are emerging as the computer industry
   increasingly relies upon an arcane mathematical discipline
   that is intended to hide the secrets embedded in digital
   information behind a veil of imposing math problems.
   Cryptography, the science of writing secrets, was for
   centuries largely the province of kings, soldiers and
   spies. But that has changed in the 1990's as the world has
   rushed to use personal computers and computer networks as
   the basis for electronic commerce, communication and
   entertainment.
   Data scrambling has become the key to a vision that it will
   be possible to have private electronic conversations and
   secure financial transactions.
   In principle, data coding protects information by
   scrambling it to keep it out of the reach of everybody but
   those with a supercomputer and tens or even hundreds of
   years to crunch the data.
   But computer researchers have begun discovering flaws,
   sometimes subtle and sometimes glaring, that can help
   criminals take devious shortcuts to obtain the mathematical
   keys used to scramble the data.
   In August, a French computer hacker proved that it was
   possible to use a network of work stations to guickly find
   the secret key created by a coding system developed by the
   Netscape Communications Corporation, the leading developer
   of World Wide Web software.
   The feat cast doubts on the security of a system whose
   security had been scaled back to meet stringent United
   States Government export controls.
   The following month, two computer science graduate students
   at the University of California at Berkeley reported a flaw
   in the Netscape that would permit a technically skilled
   attacker to steal data by circumventing the complex
   calculations needed to break the code.
   In October, a team of Berkeley researchers, including the
   two computer science students, detailed security weaknesses
   in the fundamental software of the Internet that make it
   difficult to protect data that is sent between computers.
   And last month, Mr. Kocher explained a potential flaw in a
   widely used data coding approach known as public-key
   cryptography.
   The flaw could allow eavesdroppers to infer a secret key
   used to protect data in Internet security software,
   electronic payment smart cards and related systems by
   carefully timing how long it takes to compute the secret
   key.
   Mr. Kocher said that while he believed that trusted
   electronic security systems would ultimately emerge, there
   should be no urgency to rush their deployment.
   Banks have spent several hundred years perfecting systems
   for protecting money, he noted, but they have far less
   experience with the new computerized systems designed to
   protect information that represents money.
   One of the pioneers in the mathematics underlying most
   public key systems agrees that prudence is required in
   developing digital commerce.
   "Paul's discovery is one more piece of evidence that
   designing security mechanisms is tricky," said Whitfield
   Diffie, a Sun Microsystems researcher who was one of the
   co-inventors of the original public key technology.
   "Given the trust that we will be placing in systems for
   electronic commerce," he continued, "we should be putting
   all the effort we can into getting them right."
   [End]
   [Box] 1996 Will Be the Year When:
   "Congress will pass a law restricting public comment on the
   Internet to individuals who have spent a minimum of one
   hour actually accomplishing a specific task while on line."
   Andrew Grove, Intel Corp. CEO

@_date: 1996-01-03 08:19:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: COP_box 
1-2-96. WaPo:
   "Undercover on the Dark Side of Cyberspace. On-Line FBI
   Agents Troll for Those Who Prey on Children."
      The FBI unit now has more than $1 million worth of
      equipment, including high-speed modems and large data
      storage devices. In cases where suspects' computers have
      been seized, the agents have run up against
      password-protected and encrypted files, which sometimes
      have taken FBI technicians hundreds of hours to decode.
   1-2-96. FiTi:
   "Pobox and the magic cookie."
      Which company will have the greatest effect on the
      development of the Internet this year? My answer is
      neither Microsoft nor Netscape. It is a tiny new company
      called Pobox.com. Its product consists of a simple
      forwarding service that is an electronic equivalent of
      a post office box. This service allows people to give
      out an e-mail address that is independent of where they
      work or where they choose to buy Internet access.
   COP_box

@_date: 1996-01-04 00:33:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FOI_led 
For comparison to snooping on search site searchers.
   1-3-96. WsJo:
   "Freedom of Information Act Gets Wider Use by Sleuths,
   Snoops and Senators."
      FOIA is a handy tool for companies, politicians and       journalists to snoop on one another. Many people who       file requests aren't aware that the requests themselves       are made public. Those who really know the process       make FOIA requests on other people's FOIA requests.       "It's not like I tapped someone's phone or got them       drunk. These are public documents."
      Journalists sometimes use FOIA to scoop their
      colleagues. A cottage industry provides information       about other people seeking information. Lexis/Nexis       carries synopses of FOIA requests.       So rich is FOIA intelligence that some are learning to
      take countermeasures. For a $36 fee, FOI Services will
      file its own FOIA requests on behalf of people who wish
      to remain anonymous.
   FOI_led

@_date: 1996-01-04 07:48:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: New Mitnick Book 
Jonathan Littman, an investigative reporter, has published
   "The Fugitive Game: Online With Kevin Mitnick," Little
   Brown, 1996. 381 pp. $23.95. ISBN 0-316-52858-7.
   It is a dramatic recount of Mitnick's exploits; the pursuit
   by Shimomura, Markoff, telcos and Feds; the bust and
   Markoff's tales; The Well controversies aand disputes about
   what really happened; suspicions of Shimomura and Markoff -
   - their complicity with TLAs, their movie and book
   dealings, their disputes with hackers and journalists. What
   Mitnick was telling Littman while a fugitive.
   Littman ends with this letter from Markoff and Shimomura:
   October 8, 1995
   Jonathan Littman
   38 Miller Avenue Suite 122
   Mill Valley, California 94941
   Dear Jonathan,
   This is in response to your separate letters to us. We
   apologize for not being more prompt, Tsutomu was travelling
   on business and did not receive your September 5 letter
   until recently. As you know we have a contract with
   Hyperion for Tsutomu's account of his participation in the
   arrest of Kevin Mitnick, and at the request of our
   publisher we have decided not to participate in other books
   on the same subject.
   First, in response to your September 7 request to John
   Markoff, for permission to reprint his March 14 Well
   posting, he is not willing to give permission.
   However, we do think it is appropriate to respond to
   several points where you have received inaccurate
   information.
   Our responses are not intended to be a comprehensive answer
   to your list of questions, but only to protect you from
   including libelous material in your book.
   Tsutomu was not asked by any governmental, military or
   intelligence representative to assist in the capture of Mr.
   Mitnick. All of his actions were taken in response to
   requests for assistance from both The Well and Netcom to
   deal with extensive and persistent break-ins.
   Tsutomu's decision to tell John Markoff that he was
   travelling to Raleigh on Sunday morning was done without
   contact with any law enforcement agency. Markoff flew to
   Raleigh independently six hours later after discussing the
   possibility of a story with his editors at the New York
   Times. Markoff did not at any time assist or participate in
   any aspect of the investigation into Kevin Mitnick's
   activities; Markoff was there only as an observer in his
   role as a newspaper reporter.
   Moreover, in Raleigh on Sunday evening the Cellscope
   equipment was never placed in Markoff's car, and there was
   never any discussion about taking it out of the Cellular
   One engineer's van or about placing it in Markoff's car.
   Markoff parked his car near the cell site that night and
   then later drove back to his hotel.
   Tsutomu never told anyone from law enforcement that anyone
   had authorized or cleared Markoff's presence in Raleigh.
   Tsutomu was informed by the Justice Department that his
   actions on behalf of the Internet providers and the
   cellular telephone company during the course of the
   investigation were covered under their fraud detection and
   prevention exception granted to these organizations under
   the ECPA.
   Tsutomu did have discussions with the National Security
   Agency about funding computer security research, the
   results of which were to be placed in the public domain,
   however no research grant was ever made. Tsutomu was not
   aware of any statements made in the search warrant until
   many days after the arrest.
   Tsutomu did not lure Mitnick or anyone else into
   breaking-in to his computers. The attack was entirely
   unprovoked.
   No copies of any files allegedly stolen by Mitnick were
   provided by Tsutomu to anyone other than the legitimate
   owners.
   The first discussion of the possibility of a book on the
   subject of Kevin Mitnick's arrest took place on Thursday
   February 16, when John Markoff received a telephone call
   from John Brockman, a New York City literary agent,
   proposing a collaboration between Markoff and Shimomura.
   You will remember, we hope, that after his July 4, 1994
   article about the hunt for Mitnick, Markoff did not wish to
   pursue the subject of Mitnick's life as a fugitive and
   referred a free-lance article on the subject proposed by
   Playboy to you.
   Also please note that you are inaccurate in stating that
   Tsutomu requested immunity before testifying before
   Congress on April 1993.
   We realize this is a delicate issue for you because of your
   involvement and communication with Kevin Mitnick during the
   period he was a fugitive. However, since your questions
   suggest you believe there may have been something
   inappropriate in Tsutomu's cellular telephone software
   development work, if you do include material in your book
   along this line, journalistic ethics require you to include
   the following: Tsutomu, unlike Mitnick, in all of his
   computer security research over a fifteen year period, has
   always, whenever he has found a vulnerability, made it
   known to the appropriate people, whether CERT, or a private
   company at risk, or the United States Congress.
   Sincerely, (signed) John Markoff Tsutomu Shimomura

@_date: 1996-01-04 10:03:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: New Mitnick Book 
Responding to msg by pcw at access.digex.net (Peter Wayner) on Wed, 3 Jan  7:39 PM
   Here's Littman on immunity for Shimomura (describing telco
   tracking Mitnick):
   Shimomura's brought along his own hacker's scanning rig.
   It's pretty basic, just an Oki 900 cellular phone and a
   hardware interface to his tiny HP Palmtop. One of
   Shimomura's friends -- who happens to be under federal
   indictment for illegal hacking -- cooked up the interface
   and helped write the software.
   Shimomura likes his computer-controlled cellular phone, but
   its use for tracking is limited. Its main purpose is to
   lock on a call and eavesdrop. It is illegal to use it to
   eavesdrop on calls. That's why Shimomura needed immunity
   from prosecution when he demonstrated his Oki scanner
   before Congress a couple of years ago. (p. 6)
[Still reading ... ]

@_date: 1996-01-05 23:39:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ZAP_law 
1-5-96. W$Jaw:
   "High Tech Zaps German Privacy Laws. CompuServe Case Shows
   Difficulty of Enforcement."
      The growing popularity of the Internet and other
      multimedia services poses a major challenge to Germany's
      tough data-protection legislation. The personal       information that is freely given and used for
      marketing purposes in the U.S. is off limits in Germany.
      The CompuServe case demonstrates just how difficult it
      is becoming for national regulators to control the flow
      of information. This is particularly true in Germany,
      where a raft of legislation is in force designed to
      avoid-any repeat of the Nazi-era abuse of data, as well
      as the dissemination of pornography and extremist
      propaganda. The nation's internal security services are
      already struggling to combat the sophisticated use of
      computers by neo-Nazi groups. Following a recent ban on
      several such organizations, right-wing extremists have
      been sending coded messages of racial hatred to one
      another through a system of computer mailboxes known as
      the Thule network.
   "CompuServe Seeks a High-Tech Answer To Fracas Over Bar on
   Adult Material."
      Industry executives said the move sets a bad precedent
      that could invite still more countries to demand their
      own diverging standards of what is acceptable. Critics
      further maintained that the approach simply won't work.
      In addition, critics voiced concern that CompuServe's
      efforts will lead to on-line services being forced to
      take responsibility for information they didn't create.
   1-5-95, WashPo:
   "Worldwide Net, Worldwide Trouble" [Editorial]
      The borderless quality of the Internet, one of its great
      strengths, can now be seen also as a source of
      unprecedented and unnerving international liability.
      Just as "community standards" were used in Tennessee to
      prosecute two California-based bulletin board operators
      on obscenity charges a few years back, big commercial
      providers like CompuServe or America Online could find
      themselves facing charges based on the very different
      legal systems of a Germany or France or, for that
      matter, an Iran.
   Trio: ZAP_law

@_date: 1996-01-05 23:47:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ISD_eny 
1-5-96. NYP:
   "2 Large Phone Companies Seek Higher Digital Rates. Critics
   See Damage to a Fast Internet Link."
      The proposal has angered people who use the ISDN
      service to work from home. Phil Karn, an engineer at
      Qualcomm, argued that the new tariff would cost him       about $100 more a month. He said he was upset by the       proposal to lift rates and was anxious to switch to       cable service when it became available.
   ISD_eny
   On cable modems: the 12-27 W$J reported on a test at Boston
   College, and provided comparisons with other systems.
   GEY_ser

@_date: 1996-01-06 07:53:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: New Mitnick Book 
Responding to msg by bdavis at thepoint.net (Brian Davis) on Fri, 5 Jan  3:4  PM
   Here's Littman on what the Feds knew about Markoff at
   Raleigh (Orsak and Murphy are with Sprint Cellular; Kent
   Walker was US Attorney in San Francisco):
   Monday afternoon, Special Agent LeVord Burns sits by the
   coffee pot and vending machine at the Sprint switch and
   debates the legal issues with Shimomura. "Tsutomu wanted us
   to kick his door down," recalls Orsak, who along with
   Murphy, listened in. "Burns was talking about what warrants
   had been issued, what the FBI was going to do."
   Burns impresses Orsak. A well-built, bespectacled black man
   in a suit and tie, Burns looks like the kind of FBI agent
   that doesn't miss details. As Burns recounts Mitnick's
   background, Orsak is surprised by what the agent says about
   Mitnick. "Burns said there were a lot of guys that as far
   as national security went were a lot more dangerous than
   Mitnick -- that a lot of professional hackers are a lot
   more dangerous." To Orsak, cyberspace's Most Wanted Hacker
   doesn't sound all that threatening. "One of the more
   interesting things, I thought, was the FBI goes, 'As far as
   hackers go,' Mitnick was 'benign.' They didn't have
   evidence he was in it for the money."
   A little later, John Markoff and Shimomura's girlfriend,
   Julia Menapace, who just flew in, arrive at the switch.
   Orsak and Murphy invite Shimomura's team, Burns, and two
   other FBI agents from Quantico, Virginia, out to Ragazzi's,
   a casual Italian restaurant nearby. Orsak spreads out a
   Raleigh street plan on the checkered tablecloth and
   pinpoints Mitnick's location.
   "LeVord was telling us what his involvement was for the
   FBI," recalls Murphy. "It was light banter. LeVord assumed
   like we all did, that Markoff was just another guy out of
   California. Just another egghead. One of Tsutomu's."
   Markoff gets everyone's ear when he mentions Mitnick
   inspired the hit movie WarGames. "Markoff was filling us in
   on Mitnick's typical behavior, the different people Mitnick
   had run-ins with," recalls Murphy. "A guy in England, a guy
   in Princeton, one at Digital." Then, Markoff runs through
   some of Mitnick's aliases. One of the phony names rings a
   bell with Murphy. After dinner, the whole crew heads back
   to the switch, and just as Murphy suspected, he finds a
   memo describing a recent attempt by someone using the alias
   to social engineer a new bunch of MINs.
   Meanwhile, the FBI is bumping up against a technical
   problem. The agents had planned to install the FBI's own
   bulky scanning equipment in a rental van, but they can't
   find one. Murphy suggests using his co-worker Fred's
   minivan. Burns gives the idea the green light, and Orsak
   helps the agents set up and calibrate their equipment in
   Fred's van.
   Around midnight, Fred chauffeurs the two agents to circle
   the cell site to calibrate their scanning equipment. Fred
   and the FBI agents get to talking.
   "He [Fred] let the cat out of the bag," confides Murphy.
   "We didn't tell him not to say anything. We weren't trying
   to hide it, but we were also not trying to convey it. He
   told them Markoff wrote a book on this guy."
   The boys from Quantico aren't happy.
   "They freaked," recalls Murphy. "They thought Markoff would
   tip the guy [Mitnick] so he could write another book."
   One of the Quantico agents phones the Sprint switch to
   confirm Markoff's identity. "Me, Markoff, Tsutomu, and
   Julia were at the switch," remembers Murphy. "One of the
   Quantico guys was on the phone. He wanted to talk to
   Tsutomu."
   Murphy passes the phone to Shimomura.
   "He [Shimomura] wasn't about to lie," says Murphy of the
   tense moment. "He [Shimomura] was trying to evade a little
   bit. He said that Kent Walker knew about Markoff being
   there, which of course Walker did."
   Murphy, Markoff, and Menapace listen to Shimomura.
   "Kent knows about it," insists Shimomura to the agent from
   Quantico. "He's cleared through Kent."
   But Kent Walker later denied ever giving Shimomura such
   approval or knowing John Markoff was in Raleigh. Shimomura
   later disputed Murphy's account and said he "never told
   anyone from law enforcement that anyone had authorized
   Markoff's presence in Raleigh."
   (pp. 357-58)

@_date: 1996-01-06 10:22:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Rules Report 
In response to the December Financial Times article
   "Encryption Rules Coming," about an international
   cryptography meeting in Paris, and our request for
   additional information, we have received from nobody:
      Report of the Business-Government Forum on Global
      Cryptogoraphy Policy
      Held on 19-20 December 1995 in Paris
      Detailed Report
   The report includes meeting background information, notes
   on the speakers articulation of the positions of industry
   and governments, and four annexes:
   1. List of participants (EU, US, Japan -- biz and gov);
   2. Statement of Eurobit-ITAC-ITI-JEIDA which sets out
      20 principles of global cryptographic policy;
   3. Statement by the Infosec Business Advisory Group (IBAG)
      on 17 principles of international cryptography;
   4. The Mike Nelson Policy Problem (last point: "No one
      trusts anyone.")
   It would be great if someone would provide an FTP site. It
   is about 31 kb.

@_date: 1996-01-06 22:04:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CelBomb 
Can anyone in IL, or elsewhere, report more on the head-job
   of The Engineer:
   Any crypto used to authenticate the target for the boombox,
   or to obscure links to the assassin?
   How was the blast specifically targeted at him and not a
   phone borrower?
   How it was set off -- by user-dialing, remote control, some
   other means?
   Any fishy smelling brand names to immediately run from?
   Answers urgent.

@_date: 1996-01-07 01:31:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Mitnik: latest? -- Long, watch it 
Perhaps Brian Davis will comment with the latest but here's
   Littman on Mitnick (and scans of Shimomura/Media/Feds)
   through October, 1995:
   As Tsutomu Shimomura launched his new careers as pitchman,
   author, movie subject, and video game designer, Kevin
   Mitnick sat in a Southern county jail. Mitnick wrote to me
   nearly every week on yellow legal paper in longhand,
   bemoaning the lack of a word processor as he recounted the
   hardships of jail. He told me he had been attacked and
   robbed by two inmates and barely avoided fights with
   several others. When he complained that the vegetarian diet
   he requested was limited to peanut butter sandwiches, and
   that his stress and stomach medication prescriptions
   weren't filled, he was moved to a tougher county jail.
   His grammar wasn't perfect, but his writing was
   surprisingly frank and descriptive. Mitnick punctuated his
   letters with Internet shorthand, noting the precise minute
   he began each letter, as if he were still online. He was
   bitter, but he hadn't lost his sense of humor. When his
   jailers admitted they'd read the letter Mike Wallace wrote
   him, inviting him to appear on 60 Minutes, Mitnick admitted
   the irony of him, of all people, complaining about other
   people reading his mail. "Poetic justice, eh? ..."
   Once in a while he'd slip in a tantalizing comment about
   his case. One week he'd appear to trust me, the next he'd
   wonder whether I would betray him. It was strange
   corresponding with the man the media and our government had
   cast as a twenty-first-century Frankenstein. Mitnick
   himself didn't seem sure of who or what he was. He asked
   whether I felt he should be given a long prison sentence.
   Did I think he was evil? Dangerous?
   When he was sent to his second jail, as a matter of policy
   the U.S. Marshals confiscated his books, his underwear, his
   toiletries. Mitnick was doing the worst prison "time"
   possible, because the Eastern District of North Carolina
   had no federal detention center. That meant he would have
   to defend himself without access to a law library, required
   by law in federal institutions. The nurse in Mitnick's
   second county jail cut his medication again, and on June
   18, his attorney filed a motion in federal court stating
   that Mitnick "was taken to the hospital and diagnosed with
   esophageal spasms." The attorney argued that the
   "deliberate indifference" to Mitnick's "serious medical
   needs" violated constitutional standards.
   Before a federal judge could order a hearing on the medical
   issues, Mitnick was transferred to his third North Carolina
   jail in as many months. "He [Mitnick] overextended his
   welcome," explained a deputy U.S. Marshal in Raleigh who
   preferred to remain anonymous. "It was time for a change of
   scenery. This happens with a lot of them. They get where
   they think they're running the place."
   Mitnick's third county jail was his worst yet. He shared a
   cell with seven other men. There was no law library, radio
   or television, and each inmate was allowed only two books
   at a time. Mitnick's were the Federal Criminal Code and the
   Federal Sentencing Guidelines. The eight men in Mitnick's
   cell were forced to share a single pencil stub that was
   taken away in the afternoon. Mitnick was allotted one sheet
   of paper a day.
   On April 10, 1995, John Dusenberry, Mitnick's public
   defender, filed a motion to suppress evidence and dismiss
   the indictment. He argued that the blank search warrants
   and the warrantless search of Mitnick's apartment violated
   the Fourth Amendment, which specifically prohibits
   unreasonable search and seizure.
   In the government's response, John Bowler, the Assistant
   U.S. Attorney in Raleigh, defended the blank search
   warrants, not an easy proposition in a free country. Bowler
   prefaced his argument by claiming, despite evidence to the
   contrary, that Shimomura tracked Mitnick on his own until
   February I4, just hours before his capture. The
   government's response to the issue of the blank search
   warrants was to blame Magistrate Wallace Dixon. Bowler
   asserted that the FBI had wanted to execute the search
   properly, but the magistrate had "upon his own initiative"
   insisted on signing the blank search warrants.
   But a judge never ruled on these arguments. The
   twenty-three-count indictment the Associated Press had
   hypothesized could land Mitnick 460 years in jail fell
   apart. The government abandoned its case in Raleigh,
   dismissing all but one of the counts in accepting a plea
   bargain from Mitnick that would likely get him time served,
   or at most eight months. The tiny story was buried in the
   back pages of the New York Times.
   "Kevin is going to come and face the music in L.A., where,
   of course, the significant case has always been," David
   Schindler, the U.S. Attorney in Los Angeles, told the L.A.
   Times. The newspaper said the prosecutor believed Mitnick
   would receive stiffer punishment "than any hacker has yet
   received," a sentence greater than Poulsen's four years and
   three months.
   Mitnick's letters revealed how Schindler planned to win the
   record prison term. Schindler was claiming losses in excess
   of $80 million, the amount that would garner the longest
   possible sentence for a fraud case according to the Federal
   Sentencing Guidelines. Nor would Schindler have to
   substantiate his claim. The government only had to
   "estimate" the loss. Mitnick's attorneys said the figure
   was grossly exaggerated, and added that the case rested on
   source code allegedly copied from cellular companies. There
   was no proof that Mitnick had tried to sell the code, and
   there was no evidence it could be sold for an amount
   approaching $80 million. But under the guidelines the
   absence of a profit motive was no obstacle to a long jail
   term. David Schindler was seeking an eight-to-ten-year
   sentence for Kevin Mitnick, about the same prison time
   doled out for manslaughter.
   The jailed hacker wasn't the only one whose feats were
   being hyped. By August of 1995, the advertisement in
   Publishers Weekly for Shimomura's upcoming book featured
   Mitnick's New York Times photo stamped with the caption HE
   COULD HAVE CRIPPLED THE WORLD. Declared the ad, "Only One
   Man Could Stop Him: SHIMOMURA."
   The hyperbole made me flash on what Todd Young had done in
   Seattle. The bounty hunter had tracked Kevin Mitnick down
   in a few hours with his Cellscope. Unauthorized to arrest
   him, he'd kept Mitnick under surveillance for over two
   weeks as he sought assistance. But the Secret Service
   didn't think the crimes were significant. The U.S.
   Attorney's Office wouldn't prosecute the case. Even the
   local cops didn't really care.
   When I met Young in San Francisco a couple of weeks after
   Mitnick's arrest, he was puzzled by the aura surrounding
   Shimomura and his "brilliant" capture of Kevin Mitnick. We
   both knew from independent sources that Shimomura had never
   before used a Cellscope. Young asked why the FBI would
   bring an amateur with no cellular tracking skills to
   Raleigh for the bust. If Shimomura's skill was measured by
   his ability to catch the hacker, then he was on a par with
   Todd Young, a thousand-dollar-a-day bounty hunter who never
   had the help of the FBI. The simple, unglamorous truth was
   that Kevin Mitnick, whatever his threat to cyberspace and
   society, was not that hard to find.
   I tried to get the government to answer Young's question
   about Shimomura's presence. I asked the San Francisco U.S.
   Attorney's Office and they suggested I ask the FBI. But the
   FBI had no comment. I asked Schindler, the Assistant U.S.
   Attorney in L.A., and he didn't have an answer. I asked
   Scott Charney, the head of the Justice Department's
   Computer Crime group, and he said he couldn't comment. I
   asked the Assistant U.S. Attorney who would logically had
   to have approved sending Shimomura three thousand miles to
   Raleigh, North Carolina. But Kent Walker oddly suggested I
   ask Shimomura for the answer.
   The response reminded me of what John Bowler, the Raleigh
   prosecutor, had said when I asked him how John Markoff came
   to be in Raleigh. He, too, had suggested I ask Shimomura.
   Shimomura seemed to be operating independently. outside of
   the Justice Department's control. Or was he running their
   show?
   The media appeared captivated by Shimomura's spell. Except
   for the Washington Post and The Nation, most major
   publications and the television networks accepted John
   Markoff's and Tsutomu Shimomura's story at face value.
   Kevin Mitnick's capture made for great entertainment.
   Not one reporter exposed the extraordinary relationship
   between Shimomura and the FBI. Most seemed to ignore the
   conflict of interest raised by the financial rewards
   Shimomura and Markoff received by cooperating with the FBI.
   A Rolling Stone magazine story condoned Markoff's actions,
   saying he had merely done what any journalist would do when
   presented with the possibility of a big scoop. The media
   critic for Wired suggested only that Markoff should have
   advised New York Times readers earlier of his personal
   involvement in capturing Mitnick.
   The media functioned as a publicity machine for Shimomura
   and the federal government, quickly churning out a round of
   articles arguing for tougher laws and greater security on
   the Internet. But the fury over what Assistant U.S.
   Attorney Kent Walker described as Mitnick's "billion
   dollar" crimes simply distracted the public from the real
   issues. Privacy intrusions and crime in cyberspace were old
   news, and a series of Internet break-ins after Mitnick's
   arrest proved the capture of cyberspace's most wanted
   criminal had changed little.
   The real story was that Internet providers, the new
   equivalent of phone companies on the information
   superhighway, appeared naive about how to investigate
   break-ins while protecting the privacy of their
   subscribers. After an FBI computer child-pornography
   investigation was made public in September of 1995, the
   Bureau revealed that it had read thousands of e-mail
   correspondences, and invaded the privacy of potentially
   dozens of citizens in the course of its investigation.
   Privacy activists complained that constitutional rights
   were being bulldozed, but the FBI announced the public
   should expect more of the same. "From our standpoint, this
   investigation embodies a vision of the type of
   investigatory activity we may be drawn to in the future,"
   said Timothy McNally, the special agent in charge.
   The government seemed to be promoting a hacker dragnet to
   make sure the Internet was crime free for the millions of
   dollars of commerce on its way. Kent Walker, the Assistant
   U.S. Attorney who left the Justice Department within weeks
   of Mitnick's arrest for a job with a Pacific Telesis spin-
   off, was one of the many government officials who claimed
   the FBI couldn't crack high-tech cases without people like
   Shimomura.
   Perhaps prosecutions would increase if the FBI bolstered
   its force with nonprofessionals. But where would that leave
   the law and the Constitution?
   (pp. 368-73)

@_date: 1996-01-07 09:22:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Rules Report 
Thanks to MH,
The report is available by anon ftp from ftp.wimsey.com in
or from a WWW browser via URL:

@_date: 1996-01-07 09:40:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Mixmaster On A $20 Floppy? 
On small boxes, John Dvorak in Jan 23 PC Mag:
   "Other Things of Interest Dept: Virtual I-0, the Seattle
   company that brings you those nifty 3-D LCD eye-glasses,
   was showing [at Comdex] a complete hard disk-based computer
   the size of a beta video cassette. The idea was that you
   could plug in a keyboard and the video headset and finally
   have that computer-without-a-screen concept that we've been
   promised. Perfect for someone wanting genuine privacy,
   although I think once we start seeing a plane load of
   people all wearing virtual reality headsets, the world
   becomes a little creepier.
   Most Interesting Rumor Dept: Supposedly, Microsoft is
   quietly wooing Hitachi and has secretly ported Windows 95
   to the Hitachi 32-bit RISC processor. It hopes to have
   Casio build and market a small RISC computer about half the
   size of the Newton in an attempt to open up the market for
   those little hand-held, do-all gizmos that seem to be
   attracting a lot of attention in Japan. This is being
   developed by the same group who did the Timex/Microsoft
   watch, I'm told. When I pressed on whether this will really
   be Windows 95 or Windows NT with a Windows 95 shell, I was
   told it will be plain-vanilla Windows 95 stripped down to
   fit on a smaller platform. If Microsoft ports plain Windows
   95 to other chips, this will not sit well with Intel.
   Maybe this thing is the wallet computer that Gates keeps
   mumbling about in his more recent speeches."

@_date: 1996-01-07 10:31:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: please stop the Mitnick stuff 
Perry's askance leads me to propose stealing Littman's
   book. It's as techno-thrilling as cypherpunks in describing
   the melodrama of unexpected human/technology malfunctions.
   True, only a bit of bare crypto in it, with Kevin advising
   Littman to use PGP so his Well mail could not be read -- as
   Kevin's e-mail to Littman was by Shimomura and Markoff.
   Littman says that was how Markoff learned of Kevin's and
   Littman's exchanges and why Markoff started hustling
   Littman for leads on Kevin to feed the trackers.
   Also, crypto-related: The fact that Shimomura's supposedly
   secret files were not protected by encryption or other
   security is what causes Littman and others to think there
   was a sting (perhaps with TLA help) rather than foolish
   vanity of the security wizard.
   Best, the book provides Clancy-like fun in deciphering the    question of why humans abuse technology to mask their    own frailty.

@_date: 1996-01-07 13:13:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: please stop the Mitnick stuff 
Littman mentions toad.com twice -- that site, a character says, suspiciously, "run by one of the founders of Sun." Used, allegedly by the perp, to get into the drawers of, Well, you BTW, Littman says, and that Markoff agrees, that it was not Mitnick who got into Shimomura's underware, but, more than likely, the "Israeli." Apparently, an incident occurred after Kevin's bust.
Agree with Tim that the Markoff/Shimomura book is needed to see both sides.
For now, Mitnick seems to be a hapless pawn. Me too, about stuff I only read about.

@_date: 1996-01-08 00:21:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CelBomb 
The New York Post, Jan 6, 1996. By Uri Dan from Jerusalem
   Palestinian police said Ayash [The Engineer] was killed    north of Gaza City when he answered a call on a cell    phone rigged with two ounces of explosives.
   Israeli sources said the phone had been secretly traded for
   Ayash's real phone -- and the explosion was triggered by
   remote control once it was determined he was on the line.
   ----------
   No brand name given, however, another source writes that    Mot runs the IL cel net. So use that neat audio-vox    wire on MicroTAC Elites only with paid-up Shin Bet dues,    absent TS-immunization.

@_date: 1996-01-08 04:58:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Toad Hop 
[Before it is publicized, KM describes for Littman the
   Christmas 1994 attack on Shimomura's systems as a "TCP/IP
   prediction packet attack." (. . .) below are by Littman.]
   Three days later, on January 23, Shimomura will describe
   the attack in a widely distributed public Internet post. IP
   source address spoofing and TCP/IP sequence number
   prediction are the technical terms Shimomura uses to
   describe it, much like Mitnick's description. But his
   analysis is extremely technical, and even some UNIX
   security experts find it tough going.
   That same day, about 2 P.M., CERT will blast out an
   advisory to its international mailing list of 12,000
   Internet sites in the United States, Germany, Australia,
   the United Kingdom, Japan, and other countries. The vaguely
   worded report is much less specific than Mitnick's
   one-minute explanation on the telephone. Most likely, CERT
   is trying to provide enough detail so Internet sites can
   protect themselves against future attacks without providing
   so much detail that it could encourage copycat attacks.
   On one level, the hack is simple, a clever strike at a
   basic weakness of the Internet. Computers on the Internet
   are often programmed to trust other computers. The Internet
   was created to share information, and the attack on
   Shimomura, just like the Robert Morris Internet Worm attack
   seven years before, exploits that trust.
   The Internet has its own way of sending e-mail or files.
   Messages or files are split into smaller digital chunks or
   packets, each with its own envelope and address. When each
   message is sent, it's like a flock of birds that migrates
   to a planned location and reunites as a flock at the
   destination. Computers on the Internet often act like great
   flocks of birds that trust one another too. And all it
   takes is one enemy bird to infiltrate the flock.
                               . . .
   On Christmas Day 1994 the attack begins.
   First, the intruder breaks into a California Internet site
   that bears the cryptic name toad.com. Working from this
   machine, the intruder issues seven commands to see who's
   logged on to Shimomura's workstation, and if he's sharing
   files with other machines. Finger is one of the common UNIX
   commands the intruder uses to probe Shimomura's machine. As
   a security professional Shimomura should have disabled the
   feature. Finger is so commonly used by hackers to begin
   attacks that 75 percent of Internet sites, or about 15
   million of the more than 20 million Internet users, block
   its function to increase security.
   The intruder's making judgment calls on the fly about which
   commands will help him uncover which machines Shimomura's
   workstation might trust. He works fast. In six minutes he
   deduces the pattern of trust between Shimomura's UNIX
   workstation and an unknown Internet server.
   Then the automatic spoofing attack begins. It will all be
   over in sixteen seconds. The prediction packet attack
   program fires off a flurry of packets to busy out the
   trusted Internet server so it can't respond. Next, the
   program sends twenty more packets to Shimomura's UNIX
   workstation.
   The program is looking for a pattern in the initial
   sequence numbers -- the numbers used to acknowledge receipt
   of data during communications. The program deciphers the
   returned packets by subtracting each sequence number from
   the previous one. It notes that each new initial sequence
   number has grown by exactly 128,000. The program has
   unlocked the sequence number key.
   Shimomura's machine has to be idle for the attack to
   succeed. New Internet connections would change the initial
   sequence number and make it more difficult to predict the
   key. That's why the hacker attacks on Christmas Day.
   The attack program sends packets that appear to be coming
   from the trusted machine. The packet's return or source
   address is the trusted machine's Internet address.
   Shimomura's workstation sends a packet back to the trusted
   machine with its initial sequence number. But flooded by
   the earlier flurry of packets, the trusted server is still
   trying to handle the earlier traffic. It's tangled up.
   Taking advantage of the gagged server, the attacking
   program sends a fake acknowledgment. It looks real because
   it's got the source address of the trusted server, and the
   correct initial sequence number. Shimomura's workstation is
   duped. It believes it's communicating with a trusted
   server.
   Now the attacking program tells Shimomura's obedient
   workstation to trust everyone. It issues the simple UNIX
   "Echo" command to instruct Shimomura's workstation to trust
   the entire Internet. At that point, Shimomura's personal
   and government files are open game to the world. It's more
   than a humiliating blow to the security expert. By making
   Shimomura's machine accessible from any Internet site, the
   intruder has masked his own location. He can return from
   anywhere.
   The hacker can't believe his good luck. The attack is only
   successful because Shimomura has not disabled the "R"
   commands, three basic commands that allow users to remotely
   log-in or execute programs without a password. Tens of
   thousands of security-conscious Internet sites,
   representing well over a million users, routinely block
   access to the R commands to avoid its well publicized abuse
   by hackers.
   It takes a few keystrokes and about thirty seconds to shut
   off the R commands on an Internet server. You don't even
   have to turn off the machine.
   Why didn't Shimomura do it?
                               . . .
   Mitnick laughs. "He's [Shimomura's] not happy. I have
   nothing to do with it. I'm just telling you what I hear
   through the grapevine."
   [Littman] "Who do you think might have done it?" I ask    the likely suspect. "How did he figure it out himself?"
   "He [Shimomura] realized that somebody had edited his
   wrapper log, which shows incoming connections. Somebody
   actually modified those logs, and then he was able to
   reconstruct what happened through these logs that were
   mailed to another site unbeknownst to the intruder."
   Mitnick's actually telling me the evidence Shimomura
   collected to figure out the attack. The wrapper is supposed
   to control connections to Shimomura's server and log all
   connection attempts. It failed to protect Shimomura but
   still it logged the hacker's spoofed connection, and a copy
   of the log was e-mailed off-site.
   "So you were asking me if there's a secure e-mail site?"
   Mitnick continues, his voice suddenly hard. "My answer is
   no. This guy in my estimation is the brightest in security
   on the whole Internet. He blows people like Neil Clift
   away. I have a lot of respect for this guy. 'Cuz I know a
   lot about him. He doesn't know anything about me,
   hopefully, but he's good.
   "On the Internet, he's one of the best in the world."
   [pp. 222-25]
   -----
   [KM] "I don't know what his motive is. I don't know
   the man at all. Alls I know is he's very technical and he's
   very good at what he does. He's in the top five."
   [JL] "What makes Shimomura so good?"
   [M] "When someone penetrates his system he knows what to
   look for. When you compile a program, it uses external
   files and libraries. This is the type of guy that would
   look at the access times of the files to try to figure out
   what type of program somebody was compiling. The guy's
   sharp."
   On UNIX systems it's possible to tell the last time a file
   was read. Mitnick's guessing that Shimomura could determine
   the type of application that was compiled (converted into
   the computer's most basic machine language) by examining
   the date stamps in certain system directories. He's also
   acknowledging he knows that the intruder compiled a program
   while he was on Shimomura's machine.
   Once again, Kevin Mitnick seems to have an amazing amount
   of detail on how Shimomura analyzes an attack.
   [M] "He's just very good at -- well, he's a spook. What do
   you expect? This is only what I hear in the grapevine." ...
   [L] "But does the grapevine say he's primarily a spook?"
   [M] "Unknown. He's good in security and he consults with
   companies like Trusted Information Systems, the people that
   develop Internet fire walls, and a lot of people in D.C.
   and the Virginia area."
   Trusted Information -- the name strikes a bell. Markoff
   quoted someone from Trusted Information in his front-page
   "Data Threat" article.
   [L] "Where is Trusted Information?"
   [M] "Oh, in Maryland, 301 area code. Baltimore, I believe."
   [L] "What are some of the Virginia companies Shimomura
   works with?"
   [M] "I just have the phone numbers," Mitnick reveals
   casually. "I haven't called them yet to see."
   [pp. 252-53]
   -----
   Why not ask John Markoff about the real reason he called me
   twice this morning?
   So I ask him about the Shimomura Newsweek story, and the
   odd reference to cellular phones. He comes back with a
   stunning revelation.
   "Somebody hit a different Tsutomu machine last summer and
   the NSA was pissed," Markoff tells me. "They freaked out.
   There's no question about it."
   Why didn't he mention this in his New York Times stories?
   Why create the false appearance Shimomura was first hacked
   Christmas Day?
   "But it was a different machine?" I ask.
   "Am I being interviewed here?"
   It strikes me as an odd question. Markoff was the one who
   called me twice in the space of an hour. Who's interviewing
   whom?
   "Let's get on the same wavelength," Markoff suggests. "I'm
   glad to share this stuff with you, but I want to know where
   it's going to show up. 'Cuz I'm pretty close to Shimo and
   it's an issue for me."
   Before I can respond, he starts talking about Shimomura
   again.
   "I wrote that profile of Tsutomu because after I mentioned
   him in the bottom of my story ["Data Threat"] I basically
   outed him and a million reporters were all over him."
   "He wasn't happy about that?"
   "No, Tsutomu loves it," Markoff says. "He's playing his own
   games.
   "I'II tell you it's unclear what was taken [referring to
   the Christmas hack], and point two, I can send you a public
   posting by an Air Force information warfare guy who
   described what was taken and their assessment of the
   damage.
   "And there are lots of little snips of code that a
   brilliant hacker could probably use. But Tsutomu's mind
   works in very cryptic ways. It's not clear that without
   Tsutomu you're going to be able to do anything with it.
   "Now in this break-in I don't actually think a lot of stuff
   was taken."
   This break-in? Just how many times was Shimomura hacked
   before Christmas?
   But I ask a different question. "Why would an Air Force guy
   post something?"
   "Oh, Tsutomu," Markoff casually replies. "He produced a lot
   of software for the Air Force."
   "Where would he post this?"
   "Oh, to a mailing list. A lot of people were concerned
   about what was taken from his [Shimomura's] machine. What
   they [the hacker] got was a lot of his electronic mail.
   Some of it's kind of embarrassing. [But] I don't think
   people are going to find new ways to attack the network
   based on this particular attack.
   "There is another issue," Markoff cautions in a serious
   tone.
   "Tsutomu is a very sharp guy, and it is not impossible that
   that was a bait machine, which is why I stayed away from
   the issue."
   Is Markoff implying Shimomura, a rumored NSA spy, laid a
   trap? And what about Markoff's New York Times articles?
   Were they part of the trap, too?
   "Think about it for a second," Markoff pauses dramatically.
   "And you get into this wilderness-of-mirrors kind of world.
   And a lot of people that are writing don't know everything,
   and I don't know everything.
   "I've been protecting him [Shimomura] for five years. I get
   the profile and the [Wall Street] Journal is on him. They
   don't know how close he is to the military. It would make
   perfect sense. Who knows what's on the code? The guy is in
   the counterintelligence business."
   [pp. 258-60]

@_date: 1996-01-08 09:12:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NOM_ail  Re: Microsoft has a way to go on E-Mail 
Responding to msg by llurch at networking.stanford.edu (Rich Graves) on Sun, 7 Jan  7:28 PM
   NYTimes has a piece today on buggy and clogged e-mail and
   mentions MSN as an example, along with overloaded IPs,
   badly designed security wraps and other clunkers. "Right
   now, building market share is the name of the game. Service
   will get worse for a while, reputations for quality will
   start to be formed, at which points firms will compete on
   quality, which will start to improve," says a brain.
   NOM_ail

@_date: 1996-01-09 00:08:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cite for Toad Hop 
There have been inquiries on the source of the "Toad Hop" material, some from places to which it was forwarded.
As noted on cypherpunks earlier, the material is directly from:
   Jonathan Littman, an investigative reporter, has published
   "The Fugitive Game: Online With Kevin Mitnick," Little
   Brown, 1996. 381 pp. $23.95. ISBN 0-316-52858-7.
   It is a dramatic recount of Mitnick's exploits; the pursuit
   by Shimomura, Markoff, telcos and Feds; the bust and
   Markoff's tales; The Well controversies and disputes about
   what really happened; suspicions of Shimomura and Markoff -
   their complicity with TLAs, their movie and book
   dealings, their disputes with hackers and journalists. What
   Mitnick was telling Littman while a fugitive.

@_date: 1996-01-09 15:16:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CAL_bak 
The Jan 6 Emist reports on the $488m callback game:
      Callback services exploit the fact that in many
      countries it costs more to make one international
      telephone call than to make two from America. By the end
      of the year more than 100 American companies will be
      selling the service.  Places that have tried to stop the
      services include Saudi Arabia, Argentina, South Korea,
      China, Malaysia and Canada's North West Territories,
      where even local calls were cheaper by callback.
      The operators believe they are beyond the reach of local
      laws. Even if laws are passed, technology makes them
      hard to police. "It's a cat and mouse game," one says.
      "It's kind of fun."
   CAL_bak
   Thx to AS.

@_date: 1996-01-10 00:23:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Eavesdrop Law 
As variation on the recent discussion of employee e-rights,
   WSJ today:
   New eavesdropping law creates labor-management tussle in
   Illinois.
   The Illinois AFL-CIO is going to court to fight a provision
   in a bill Gov. Jim Edgar signed last month that the labor
   group says allows employers to listen in on employees'
   conversations "for virtually any reason." A spokesman for
   the Illinois Retail Merchants Association, the provision's
   prime backer, says such fears are "wild speculation."
   Critics say the provision's language, allowing monitoring
   for "service quality control or for educational, training,
   or research purposes," is far too broad.
   The retail merchants association notes that employers are
   responsible for the conduct of employees who deal with
   customers over the phone.

@_date: 1996-01-10 04:19:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: S.652 (H.R. 1555) (\"obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, or indecent...et al\") 
Responding to msg by blancw at accessone.com (blanc) on Tue, 9 Jan  8:41 PM
Ah, you've godiva'd le roy, and guttered moi.

@_date: 1996-01-10 16:17:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: David Kahn on C-Span 2 
David Kahn, NSA Scholar-in-Residence, is speaking on C-Span 2 now, 7:20 PM Est, reviewing "Secret Codes in WW2."

@_date: 1996-01-10 21:36:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PRIVACY: Private traces in public places 
Responding to msg by nobody at REPLAY.COM (Anonymous) on Wed, 10 Jan  1:43 PM
Internet was
Hallam-Baker, over
with 16
Secretary, sent a
after one of
The NYT reports that by 2000 there will be over 1 million lawyers in the US.
These fine-minders, supported by the burgeoning private investigative and security fields, will surely mine electronic archives as thoroughly as they research paper -- and thanks to wondrous Altavistas maybe more thoroughly.
And backed by these highly skilled lobbyists, laws will change to make remunerative rain of -- and by -- archiving and search technology as they have to capitalize on the technology of doing the same in the worlds of printing, telegraph, telephone and television.
Promotion of these privacy-invasive services on the Net parallels the defensive measures explored on cypherpunks.
Perhaps all c'punks should subscribe to cyberia-l and vice versa; they are hand in hand, or fist to fist, on this.

@_date: 1996-01-10 22:35:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TAL_kup 
1-10-96. NYPaper:
   "Group Urges an Internet Ban On Hate Groups' Messages.
   Joins in Move to Censor Offensive Material."
      Citing the "rapidly expanding presence of organized hate
      groups on the Internet," a leading Jewish human rights
      group yesterday began sending letters to hundreds of
      Internet access providers and universities asking them
      to refuse to carry messages that "promote racism, anti-
      Semitism, mayhem and violence."
      A sage says, "It is not possible to end idiocy by
      censoring it. The best response is cellular."
   TAL_kup

@_date: 1996-01-11 00:45:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PRIVACY: Private traces in public places 
Responding to msg by tbyfield at panix.com (t byfield) on Wed, 10 Jan 10:42 AM
(See code relevance at end.)
For the curious, Fresh Kills is NYC's main waste archive, the largest built structure in the US (a favorite of Japanese techno-tourists exceeding 256 Great Pyramids of Egypt) and still heaping.
Archeologists are indeed excavating selected spots, under grants made after probes revealed that decomposition was not occurring as expected. Newspapers and such were perfectly preserved after years of burial. Due to sophisticated engineering of the mountain to prevent dispersal, air and moisture could not enter to lubricate return to mother earth.
However, very profitable methane gas retrieval has been taking place for many years -- which may be a suitable metaphor for mining electronic archives.
Now, then, code for this glop? Construction debris can be illegally dumped at Fresh Kills with the proper building-code-compliant green handily hooked to the side of the dumpster for the guard.

@_date: 1996-01-11 09:33:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: David Kahn on C-Span 2 
The occasion was a "Cryptologic History Symposium," held on October 26, 1995, at NSA.
No time was given for rebroadcast.
Kahn spoke briefly on material covered in his book on codebreaking before and during WW2.
The second speaker was Professor Colin Burke, Univ. of Maryland, like Kahn a scholar-in-residence at NSA, who reviewed the pre-war and WW2 machines and proto-computers for Kahn, a charming speaker, said about Russian cryptanalysis ability during WW2, that while there has been no published material on the period, three talents make for excellent cryptology: chess, music and mathematics, all of which the Russians excell at.
Other codebreaking news: the English are making a TV-movie on Alan Turing, due to be broadcast around Easter. It is based on the successful theater play a while back.

@_date: 1996-01-11 12:31:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Toad Hall 
Chapter 2 TOAD HALL    In keeping with Internet nomenclature, Toad Hall acquired
   the Internet domain name toad.com, whose gateway to the
   rest of the world was a Sun SPARCstation computer in the
   building's basement. This digital domain was run by John
   and an eclectic band of programmers and hardware gurus, who
   together had a diverse political outlook, and while privacy
   was a priority, computer security at Toad was often pretty
   loose. ...
   For the past five years, Toad Hall had been Julia
   [Menapace]'s home -- for John Gilmore was the "other man,"
   with whom her relationship had been souring even before she
   and I had met. During the Christmas holidays John was away
   visiting his relatives in Florida, and so Julia and I had
   Toad Hall to ourselves when we arrived around 4 P.M. on the
   afternoon of her flight from Nepal.
   John, now forty, was someone I'd known from hacker circles,
   and even as a friend, for a number of years. ... Initially
   he hadn't minded that Julia and I spent time backpacking
   together while he worked long hours on his new start-up,
   because hiking didn't interest him. But once Julia and I
   had become more intimately involved, things grew chilly
   between him and me.
   Julia and I sent out for dinner from an Italian place
   called Bambino's. When it came, we undressed and sank into
   the indoor hot tub, eating while we soaked.
   The upstairs bathroom in Toad Hall is an unusual room. It
   is faced with a white and pink marble floor and wainscoting
   surrounding a dark green jacuzzi tub and other fixtures. A
   large asparagus fern sits on the window ledge, centered
   above the cascading waterfall of the tub's larger faucet.
   The fronds of the fern tumble down toward the water. Julia
   had, put on a cassette tape of Karma Moffet playing
   Himalayan intruments, and then lit candles; the only other
   light came from four overhead spotlights that dimly
   illuminated each corner of the tub.
   "This is just amazing," Julia murmured through the steamy
   air. She said she had fantasized continually about a long
   soak in hot water while trekking in the frigid Himalayas,
   where water is carried by hand from its source and becomes
   hot only when heated over flames, and where there is never
   enough to sit in. And at high altitude in the Solu Khumbu
   region of Nepal, the only heat had come from the sun, the
   small cooking fire, and the occasional woodstove fueled by
   wood scraps or dung.
   While we ate Julia told me stories of her adventures. In
   the kitchen of a lodge where she stayed she met and
   befriended a Sherpa guide named Tshering and a mountain
   guide from Seattle named Rachel DeSilva, who had led a
   group of 12 women to climb a 6,000-meter trekking peak in
   the region named Mara. Afterward they had invited her to
   climb another mountain named Lobuche, which lay to the
   north toward Everest. She had made it to just below the
   summit.
   I sat entranced. "I wish I had been there too," was all I
   could find to say.
   Julia had spent her birthday at the Tengboche monastery to
   celebrate the Mani Rimdu festival. She showed me a red
   string necklace that she had received when a Tibetan Lama
   had blessed her on her thirty-fifth birthday.
   "Near noon that same day, I heard the sound of long horns,
   cymbals, and drums," she recalled. "Then an avalanche
   poured in slow motion down the south face of Ama Dablam."
   Later in the trip she had stopped at one point to watch a
   sunset over Everest through the gathering mist, and she
   said it was so stark and beautiful that she cried. "I
   thought of you," she told me, "and wished you were there to
   share it with me."
   As we soaked, I told her about what had happened to me
   while she was gone. When Julia left I had been waiting for
   a $500,000 per year research grant from the National
   Security Agency, the nation's electronic intelligence-
   gathering organization. The NSA has two missions: one, its
   foreign spying mission and the other its responsibility for
   the security of all the governments computers and
   communications. In the fall an information security
   division in the agency had told me they would fund a
   project permitting me to assemble a team of experts to do
   research in new areas of computer security. I was ready to
   go and I had commitments from people to start work, but the
   agency had dragged its feet for months. Finally I had
   gotten tired of being jerked around, and two of my
   researchers had been forced to take other jobs.
   "I thought everything would be ironed out and I'd come back
   to find you happily at work with your team," she said.
   "No it wasn't," I answered. "They're amazingly inept, just
   like any government bureaucracy."
   We talked for a while about the NSA and how so many people
   in the civil liberties community fear them as Big Brother
   as well as anyone associated with them, arguing that they
   become corrupted by association. But that had never seemed
   accurate to me. Everything I'd seen indicated they were a
   largely incompetent organization tied up in endless
   regulations that could do little good or evil. And people
   are quite capable of making up their own minds.
   "I don't want to deal with them," I said.
   "I'm sorry it didn't work out, Tsutomu," she said quietly.
   We soaked for a while, both of us lost in thought. Finally
   I changed the subject.
   "I want to tell you something I've been thinking about," I
   said. "I've thought about a lot of things while you were
   away. I'd really like to try having a committed
   relationship with you, if you're willing to."
   Julia smiled. She didn't say anything, but she reached over
   and held me closely.
   It seemed like we would now be able to share a lot of time
   together. I told her I'd taken a leave of absence from the
   universlty and now I was looking forward to skiing and
   getting away. I was finally pursuing my long-held plan to
   spend a winter in the mountains, spending the mornings and
   late afternoons skiing and the mid-days and evenings
   thinking and working on my research projects.
   "Why don't you come with me and live in the mountains?" I
   suggested. "You can come ski and it will be good to be
   outside."
   We woke at about 1 P.M. the next day and Julia -- who grew
   up on the East Coast and is still learning to deal with
   mild California winters -- told me that she had seen the
   first morning light before she fell asleep and thought to
   herself, *It's Christmas and there is no sign of it here.*
   She was still jet-lagged and also feeling what she feared
   was flu coming on. We decided to spend the day inside,
   catching up on talk and sleep. It was chilly out, so Julia
   turned up Toad Hall's central heat, still eager to soak up
   the warmth of civilization after two months in the
   Himalaya.
   A bit later, while she rested, I was walking around the
   house, and several times went past the Sun SPARCstation in
   the hallway. It was a reminder that I probably had new
   electronic mail, but I didn't feel like checking it.
   At just about that moment, however, ominous bits of data
   were flowing through the Ethernet cable that wound through
   Toad's rooms and hallways. From somewhere, perhaps
   thousands of kilometers away, an electronic intruder had
   taken control of toad.com by remotely commandeering the
   SPARCstation in the basement. And while the two of us spent
   the day together two floors above, the electronic hijacker
   was using toad.com as a staging base to launch an attack on
   the computers in my own beach house some 800 kilometers
   south.
   -----
   From: "Takedown: The pursuit and Capture of Kevin Mitnick,
   America's Most Wanted Outlaw -- By the Man Who Did It," by
   Tsutomu Shimura, with John Markoff, Hyperion Press, a
   subsidiary of The Disney Company, 1996, 326 pp. $24.95.    ISBN 0-7868-6210-6
   [pp. 17-21]
   ----------
   The author appears on NBC's Dateline tomorrow, January 12.

@_date: 1996-01-11 18:20:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Shimomura on TV? 
Someone just said that NBC's Dateline showed a snippet of Shimomura on an upcoming show about rampant cyber-crime and that he was the best hope against it, or something to that effect. Did anyone see it and get the time and date?
Anyone attend the Shimomura-Markoff lecture at Stanford today?
Is this the media blitz for their pot-boiler? Can't wait to slurp it.

@_date: 1996-01-12 09:38:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Toad Sex 
The oldest and most trustworthy way to crack crypto --
and a cryptologist -- is sex, regularly employed by
royalty and traitors, tyrants and anarchists, governments
and bandits, warfighters and jealous lovers, spouses and
businesses, and whatever other position/opposition
pleasures and betrays.
If you have a security system that does not protect
against it you're really fucked.
Just who is doing what to who in "Takedown" constitutes
its shameless Hollywoodian prurience, as it was in
Littman, Clancy, Vinge, Tolstoy, the Bible, the Koran,
the Kama Sutra, any indecent Exon-prohibition of your
Shimomura, Markoff, Mitnick -- are the games of seductive
illusion they're playing so different from vaunted
cryptography of the ever-randy, coy/decoy Net?
Has nobody ever blurted their password in the throes of
passionate words?
Imagine Toad Hall and what was up in the hot tub.

@_date: 1996-01-12 18:47:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cybersloth 
Shimomura and Markoff give an illuminating account of
   tracking system break-ins; it is in those that Tsutomu and
   his road crew really dazzle. Skip the filmic crud and enjoy
   the gritty details of hackers hacking, stretching legality
   and propriety, emulating their mocking nemeses.
   Glimpse the far-side hackers, say, jsz and jft and xxx,
   still taunting, eluding, taking down, making pay for job-
   security cybersloths.

@_date: 1996-01-12 19:29:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PGP_foi 
1-12-96. NYPaper:
   "Data Secrecy Export Case Dropped by U.S." By John Markoff.
   PGP_foi

@_date: 1996-01-12 19:52:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Shimomura on BPF, NSA, Crypto 
Shimomura on BPF, NSA and Crypto:
   One of the tools I modified for my work was a sophisticated
   piece of software called the Berkeley Packet Filter. ...
   Unlike the original BPF, my version was designed to bury
   itself inside the operating system of a computer and watch
   for certain information as it flowed through the computer
   from the Internet. When a packet from a certain address, or
   for that matter any other desired piece of information
   designated by the user flashed by, BPF would grab it and
   place it in a file where it could be kept for later
   viewing.
   I had developed my initial version of the faster BPF in the
   expectation that I would receive additional research
   funding for the work from the National Security Agency. The
   Agency had begun supporting my work under a Los Alamos
   National Labs research grant in 1991, and had promised to
   extend their support for my work, but the funding was never
   forthcoming. I developed the tool, but after I completed
   the work, in early 1994, the bureaucrats in the agency
   reneged on funding.
   The idea of working with the NSA is controversial in the
   community of security professionals and civil libertarians,
   many of whom regard the NSA as a high-tech castle of
   darkness.
   Libertarian by inclination or by the influence of their
   colleagues, the nation's best computer hackers tend to
   possess a remarkable sensitivity to even the slightest hint
   of a civil liberties violation. They view with deep
   distrust the work of the National Security Agency, which
   has the twin missions of electronic spying around the globe
   and protecting the government's computer data. This
   distrust extends to anyone who works with the agency. Am I
   contaminated because I accepted research funding from the
   NSA? The situation reminds me of the scene in the movie Dr.
   Strangelove where General Jack D. Ripper is obsessed by the
   idea of his bodily fluids being contaminated. I think the
   idea of guilt by association is absurd.
   My view is very different. First of all, I don't believe in
   classified research and so I don't do it. The work I was
   undertaking on packet-filtering tools was supposed to be
   funded by the agency for public release. The tools were to
   be made widely available to everyone, to use against the
   bad guys who were already using similar tools to invade
   people's privacy and compromise the security of machines on
   the Internet.
   But even more to the point, I believe that the agency,
   rather than inherently evil, is essentially inept. Many
   people are frightened of the NSA, not realizing that it is
   like any other bureaucracy, with all of a bureaucracy's
   attendant failings. Because the NSA staff lives in a
   classified world, the government's normal system of checks
   and balances doesn't apply. But that doesn't mean that
   their technology outpaces the open computer world; it just
   means they're out of touch and ponderous.
   In any case, I feel strongly that tools like BPF are
   absolutely essential if the Internet is to have real
   security, and if we are to have the ability to trace
   vandals through the Net. If people are concerned that
   individual privacy is at stake, they should probably worry
   less about who should have the right to monitor the
   networks, and instead focus their efforts on making
   cryptographic software widely available. If information is
   encrypted it doesn't matter who sees it if they can't read
   the code. Cryptography is another example of my point that
   a tool is just a tool. It was, after all, used primarily by
   kings, generals, and spies until only two decades ago. Then
   work done by scientists at Stanford, MIT, and UCLA, coupled
   with the advent of the inexpensive personal computer, made
   encryption software available to anyone. As a result, the
   balance of power is dramatically shifting away from the NSA
   back toward the individual, and toward protecting our civil
   liberties.
   ["Takedown," pp. 102-04]

@_date: 1996-01-13 01:31:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SPO_oks 
1-12-96. WashP:
   "Agencies Debate Value of Being Out in the Cold. Spies
   Under 'Nonofficial Cover' Are Among Most Sensitive
   Operations."
      Today, as the roles and missions of American spying are
      being reviewed, one of the most sensitive debates in the
      U.S. intelligence community is whether to step up the
      overseas use of NOCs, not only by the CIA but also by
      the Pentagon's Defense Humint Service and the FBI, both
      of which also can work abroad under cover.
      Because they operate alone and outside embassies, NOCs
      need their own secure communications and a safe way to
      keep their highly classified files.
   1-11-96. WashP:
   "Israeli Media Break Censorship Rules to Name New Security
   Service Head."
      The man who will take the reins of Israel's Shin Bet
      security service, Rear Adm. Ami Ayalon, was named today
      in Israeli news accounts for the first time in the
      history of the secretive organization. Israeli media
      have yet to name Ayalon's predecessor, Karmi Gilon, who
      was still referred to today as "Kaf."
   1-11-96. FinTim:
   "Yeltsin's New Spy Master to Play by the Rules."
      Mr Trubnikov will be the first spymaster to work under
      new legislation which says the intelligence services
      must  use "a combination of open and secret methods and
      tactics and in accordance with the principle of legality
      and respect for human rights and freedoms". Separately,
      Mr Yeltsin signed a decree limiting phone taps and the
      unauthorised collection of information on firms and
      individuals. But Tass, which reported the decree, gave
      no details of how it would work.
   SPO_oks

@_date: 1996-01-13 18:20:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Zimmermann case is dropped. 
Responding to msg by nobody at REPLAY.COM (Anonymous) on Fri, 12 Jan  2:50 PM
   AUSA William Keane in today's WSJ:
      "This decision shouldn't be interpreted as meaning
      anything. I caution people against concluding the
      Internet is now free for export."

@_date: 1996-01-14 07:14:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FIN_sin 
The January 22 New York magazine, a local weekly, reports
   in "The Money Plane":
      Five nights a week, at least $100 million in crisp new
      $100 dollar bills is flown from JFK nonstop to Moscow,
      where it is used to finance the Russian mob's vast and
      growing international crime syndicate. State and federal
      officials believe it is part of a multi-billion-dollar
      money-laundering operation. The Republic National Bank
      and The United States Federal Reserve prefer not to
      think so.
      "That money is used to support organized crime; it's
      used to support black-market operations," says one
      federal official. "In my personal opinion, this is an
      abomination. Yet it appears that at least part of the
      federal government sees nothing wrong with it."
      FINCEN director Stanley Morris is more blunt: "Russia's
      banking system is a cesspool."
   FIN_sin

@_date: 1996-01-15 09:01:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Above the Law 
David Burnham, a distinguished journalist, has published:
      Above the Law: Secret Deals, Political Fixes, and Other
      Misadventures of the U.S. Department of Justice;
      Scribner; 1996. 444 pp. $27.50. ISBN 0-684-80699-1
   The chapter, "Keeping Track of the American People: The
   Unblinking Eye and Giant Ear," nails wizard surveillance,
   surreptitous entry and other security-beats-privacy    technotoxins:
      A solid argument can be made that in shaping and
      directing the FBI's investigative technologies from the
      late 1970s to the mid-1990s, Al Bayse, assistant FBI
      director, Technical Services Division, may well be the
      nation's single most influential law enforcement
      official since J. Edgar Hoover.
   Burnham cogently details DOJ and NSA plots, the bull-market
   in federal prosecutors, the pathology of "national
   security" abuse, encryption nightmares, subservient
   politics, careerism absent ethics. He admonishes "sleeping
   watchdogs" complicit with the nation's leading agency for    burgeoning instrusiveness.

@_date: 1996-01-16 04:29:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TOR_del 
1-16-96. NYPaper:
   "Louis W. Tordella, 84, Who Helped Break Cerman Military
   Code in World War II."
      A mathematician who helped break Enigma, and later       spent 16 years as the deputy director of the National       Security Agency. An intelligence visionary who had       helped create and shape NSA even before he became its
      deputy director in 1958, Dr. Tordella was regarded both
      as a pioneer in the development of ever more powerful
      and sophisticated computers to break enemy codes and as
      a master administrator who established a combined       code-breaking operation and then ran it.
      Since decryption devices did not exist, he and his
      colleagues simply designed and built them, not only
      breaking the enemy codes but helping to lay the
      theoretical and practical groundwork for what has become
      a vast computer industry.
   TOR_del
   [For more on Tordella, see Bamford's "The Puzzle Palace."]

@_date: 1996-01-17 08:21:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FEY_kry 
Supporting Kocher's feynmanesque cracking of sec systems,
   the WSJ reports today on new ways science "seeks answers to
   high-tech puzzles by examining the reckless and random ways
   of nature."
      The cold, digital domain of silicon-based technology is
      drawing inspiration from an unlikely source: the living,
      breathing realm of nature. Scientists are turning to a
      wide variety of natural models -- from the way salmon
      migrate to how the human body fights viruses to
      evolution -- for new approaches to problem-solving.
      "Our view of computer science is rationalistic,
      mechanistic. But nature winds up doing things in a way
      we'de never think of," one scientist says.
   FEY_kry

@_date: 1996-01-17 22:32:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: A Modest Proposal: Fattening up the Proles 
TM's statement fits the scientist-become-statesperson
   predilection. It's adduced by the indolent superior-minded
   who relish policy pronouncements over grunge lab work.
   Why else would the fey conceit of worldly wisdom be
   flaunted if not in repugnance at sweaty labor? This
   presumes that nobody in right mind wants a job, but desires
   an esteemed position in society, a title and the perks of
   privilege, with underlings serving.
   Isn't it such delusionary evangelism that keep recruits
   coming to endure the small-minded mono-cultural insultery
   confabulated by these lazy and shiftless pastors, happy as
   pigs in shit, grateful that the heirarchical mindset scam
   works -- even if only through the nauseous flattering of
   their moreso lazy and shiftless benefactors?
   By any means, emulate elitist indolents and avoid anxiety.
   Display iron-fisted civilized beliefs, practice tough-love
   humiliation and master-over-slave manners and militant
   mind-couture, but do nothing truly disruptive of the status
   quo that so rewards niche market exploiters of genuine
   dissent.

@_date: 1996-01-18 20:33:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The I Bomb 
A&E presents this week the BBC Horizons show, "The I Bomb," featuring Tim May smart-bombing various brass and infowar chicken littlers.
It also shows an SAIC wizard sniffing a system to plant evil polymorphous code a la Shimomura -- presaging the recent GNN report on NSA's net traps.
    A&E      Series: Voyages.
     The I-Bomb.
     A look at how information--not bombs--is becoming the most      weapon in war. Includes interviews with top U.S. military
     strategists and futurists Alvin and Heidi Toffler.
     Duration: 1 hour
     DateTime
     Thursday1/18  10pm [EST, presumably, since the show just finished]      Friday1/19   2am      Saturday1/20  11am

@_date: 1996-01-19 22:26:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA vacuuming down Internet traffic 
Responding to msg by nobody at REPLAY.COM (Anonymous) on Fri, 19 Jan 10:23 AM
Yes, indeed. James Bamford in "The Puzzle Palace" details the long-term TLA-access to international cable traffic -- via Operation Shamrock -- beginning in 1945 and ostensibly ending in 1975. See Chapter 6, "Targets."
Aside, in this chapter Bamford writes that Louis Tordella, who died earlier this week, "The Agency's chief keeper of the secrets," was central to targeting of thousands of Americans. Bamford says of Tordella, "If NSA was the darkest part of the government, Tordella was the darkest part of the NSA." Tordella allegedly shielded various NSA heads by not telling them what was going on -- to their great relief.
David Kahn in "The Codebreakers" more extensively examines the history of spying on citizens in the national interest. It will be interesting to read what he is currently researching at the more PR-oriented NSA -- and perhaps provide pointers to deep-blacker orgs that have supplanted it through non-FOIA arrangements like those of Shamrock.

@_date: 1996-01-20 00:25:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FAT_bet 
Saturday The Wash Post reported on the spies of many
   stripes invading Bosnia to strut stuff and ward off
   extinction. Today, TWP and NYT cover an IC briefing
   yesterday -- prompted by the Post story -- on the campaign
   of global spying cooperation to survive liposuction.
   FAT_bet  (the 3 articles)

@_date: 1996-01-20 08:33:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: QLG_ate 
Two articles comment on the creation of a quantum logic
   gate by NIST researchers, as reported in Physical Review
   Letters recently:
      "Quantum leap for code-cracking computers," Mark Ward,
      New Scientist, 23 Dec 95.
      "Approaching the Quantum Gate," David Voss, Science, 12
      Jan 96.
   QLG_ate

@_date: 1996-01-22 07:51:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSC_lub 
1-22-96. W$J:
   "VeriFone and Netscape Plan Software To Ease Internet
   Credit-Card Payments."
      They aim to simplify payments with software for both
      banks and merchants. The bank software would allow banks
      to use their existing computer systems to read and
      process transactions. The merchant software would allow
      merchants to buy just one software package to put up an
      electronic storefront and payment system on the Web.
      Netscape said the software will include a new encryption
      technology that Visa and MasterCard are expected to
      announce in two to three weeks. That technology would
      break sensitive information into 1,024 bits instead of
      the 128 bits used currently.
   "AOL, Netscape Are Discussing An Alliance."
      Netscape and America Online Inc. are in talks to forge
      an alliance aimed at furthering their lead over the
      on-line push by software giant Microsoft Corp. "If you
      can't beat 'em, unguent 'em," Case-squirted an a-oiler.
   NSC_lub

@_date: 1996-01-22 08:06:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CIA Stashes 
Reuter has a brief story today about "80 secret U.S.
   weapons arsenals that remain scattered across Austria for
   40 years after they were hidden in case of a Soviet
   invasion" for use by resistance fighters.
   It says the CIA stockpiled the weapons without telling the
   Austrian government. The Austrian paper Kurier quotes the
   U.S. Ambassor as saying the CIA only recently informed
   Congress about the weapons stash.
   Does anyone in Austria or elsehere have more on this?
   -----
   In a related matter, on Friday C-SPAN 2 aired several hours
   of comments and proposals by intel experts before the US
   Commission on Intelligence Reform. Mephistophelean former
   NSA head Admiral Bobby Ray Inman proposed among other
   brain-wavers to reorganize the thirteen or so bloated,
   bumbling, cat-fighting intelligence agencies:
   1. Establish a new International Operations Agency to
      combine all operations units -- civilian and military --
      into one, separate from the CIA -- which he thinks has
      irretrievably lost operations credibility.
   2. CIA to do all intelligence analysis, but no collecting,
      to avoid contamination caused by "ownership of the
      data." The military to do intelligence collection and
      analysis only needed for immediate operations.
   3. FBI to do all counter-intelligence, domestic and
      international, with agents stationed overseas.
   4. Defense to do all imagery.
   5. NSA/NRO/???, though not named in open session,
      presumably would continue ELINT and SIGINT.
   6. All this will be very expensive, he roostered,
      intelligence on the cheap is worthless.
   7. The total intelligence budget to be made public but no
      further breakdown of how the the pot of gold is
      distributed to supplicants is to be confessed.
   Former Ambassador to China Tilley, a 25-year veteran of CIA
   operations, emphasized the importance of continuing Non
   Official Cover operations, which, he said, are invaluable
   very-long term penetrations. He cited those he set up in
   China as COS and then revisited fifteen years later as
   ambassador -- still ferreting deepest of demon red-commie
   secrets, he black-comicly glowered to the glazed-eyes. NOC,
   while very expensive, is crucial, he, too, parroted.
   For the full eye-opening pack of lies to replenish the pot    gold, Tilley co-conspired that a closed session was needed.
   But all the intel gold-digging experts testified to that,
   grinning malevolently, thus continuing the grand tradition
   of looting national treasuries top-secret cloaked by
   national interest.
   So, where are all those not-yet-reported CIA Non Official
   Cover stashes of gold bullion (or $100 bills) to pay the
   world-wide "resistance fighters" for illusory supremacy?

@_date: 1996-01-22 08:18:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT New Web Site 
NYT reported today that it has set up a new web site: It offers most of the daily articles as well as some from archives. More info on subscription and the offerings at the home page.
Subscription is free, for now. Though there is a charge for downloading, and a battery of whistling-in-the-dark copyright proclamations and threats and pleadings.
For the Times-addicted, today's WSJ has a page one article on NYT-leadership squabbling, fomented by board member Gerstner, infamous IBM-Lotus espionage-enabler.

@_date: 1996-01-24 10:22:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: KDM_tsu 
Cypherpunks is featured in a story in The New Yorker of
   January 29 on the Mitnick/Shimomura books by Littman and
   Markoff.
   The writer, Robert Wright, terms cpunks "an amorphous group
   that gets its name from its militant devotion to the
   widesrpead use of encryption." He refers to the comments
   here about Mitnick/Shimomura.
   More generally, Wright compares the two books, muses on
   career-boosting and Big Brother purposes of the media's
   melodramatic build-up of Mitnick and Shimomura, and
   outlines what might be done about Internet insecurity:
   1. Police -- by legislation for officials to monitor
      cyberspace.
   2. Privatize -- by IPs policing their own turf.
   3. Encrypt -- like cypherpunks.
   He comments on PRZ's case, notes possible infowar-type
   threats and closes:
      Given that federal officials who would constrain
      encryption seem to be swimming against the nearly
      inexorable tide of technological history, these are the
      [cyber-terrorism] kinds of scenarios they have to
      conjure up to justify their efforts. And these scenarios
      aren't entirely implausible. As cyberspace expands, we
      may see reasons to try to give the government the sort
      of power it seeks here. But those reasons won't look
      much like Kevin Mitnick.
   KDM_tsu

@_date: 1996-01-25 02:22:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Underground Radio 
For hams and other techno-libertines, The NY Times reports today on underground radio stations and bucking the FCC and global techno-tyrant-winner-takes-alls.

@_date: 1996-01-25 07:11:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NON_nsa 
February Byte reviews nine non-US (non-NSA, wah?)
   crypto programs, ranging from uses for a single laptop to
   company networks to transmissions on the Internet, by
   Martin Banks, a UK writer. Admire these deadpan marketing
   names:
      Deadlock (uk)
      EasySafe and MasterSafe (il)
      Latches for Windows (uk)
      Safeguard Easy (de)
      SecureData (uk)
      SmartLock (it)
      StopLock (uk)
      TeamWare Crypto (uk)
      and, more Jim Carey-ly:
      Visage (uk) -- which uses faces as passphrase!
   NON_nsa  (For those with non-key-access to Byte)

@_date: 1996-01-25 12:07:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Exports, Europe, and Conspiracy Theories 
Responding to msg by tcmay at got.net (Timothy C. May) on Wed, 24 Jan  4:59 PM
   A welcome inquiry, Tim.
   Is it not likely that the best crypto in many of the
   countries is kept off the market in the national interest,
   cloaked in the greatest secrecy like other crucial weapons
   of survival? Especially to defend it from NSA-like
   predators.
   Was this not the practice in the US before public key genie
   escaped?
   And is surely still the case for the very best US crypto --
   not that which can be readily purchased or purloined.
   The market, and PGP, are probably condoned as a cloak for
   the best, in the US and elsewhere. Or bait. Or traps.

@_date: 1996-01-26 01:39:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TOP_tap 
1-25-96. TWPsst:
   "Military Men Named to Top Intelligence Posts."
      AF Gen. Kenneth Minihan to run all US eavesdropping on
      foreign governments and citizens at NSA, which is
      responsible for providing US officials with a steady
      stream of intercepted electronic data on foreign weapons
      and conversations involving foreign politicians. The
      NSA's eavesdropping costs an estimated $3.5 billion a
      year, a large portion of which supports its computer
      operations at Fort Meade and its world-class experts in
      mathematics.
   TOP_tap

@_date: 1996-01-26 04:06:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: QCD_566 
Donald Weingarten, IBM TJW Research Center, writes in
   February SciAm about the center's investigations of quark
   theory by the "GF11" parallel processing computer dedicated
   solely to quantum chromodynamics (QCD) -- a computer which
   uses 566 parallel processors.
   He describes building the hardware and software of this
   unique tool and what two years of continuous computations
   revealed.
   An aside explains a die-rolling shortcut method called
   Monte Carlo to circumvent the enormous amount of
   computation that lattice QCD would otherwise entail.
   QCD_566

@_date: 1996-01-26 21:25:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA advanced knowledge 
Responding to msg by rsalz at osf.org (Rich Salz) on Wed, 24 Jan  7:34 PM
   Fred B. Wrixon writes in "Codes and Ciphers," under the
   "Public Key" entry:
      ... This Hellman-Diffie proposal was apparently
      anticipated by a similar version developed by the
      National Security Agency (NSA) a decade earlier.
      (p. 164)
   No citation or elaboration is given for this claim.
   Wrixon's book is a simply written compendium:
      Codes and Ciphers: An A to Z of Covert Communication,
      from the Clay Tablet to the Microdot.
      Fred B. Wrixon
      Prentice Hall, 1992. Paper $18.00
      ISBN 0-13-277047-4

@_date: 1996-01-27 01:26:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BAA_bab 
1-26-96. TWP:
   "Police Search of AOL Files Divides the On-Line World."
      Police descended on the company's headquarters Monday to
      perform the first such search ever of America Online
      records. Police are enthusiastic about the potentially       incriminating information stored in computers.
      "It's a bit chilling, especially if you consider the
      idea of police pulling up an instant profile on you with
      the punch of a couple buttons," Woolie baa-ed to Babe.
   1-26-96. WSJ:
   "Internet Racial Hatred Case Investigated."
      The Mannheim prosecutor's office is investigating
      CompuServe Inc. and Deutsche Telekom AG's T-Online
      service for inciting racial hatred, a crime in Germany,
      because they provide access to the Internet, where a
      Canadian neo-Nazi has set up a home page. Although Mr.       Zuendel lives in Toronto, "because it's available       over the Internet, it also can be called up in Germany,"       the official said. "Then the scene of the crime is all       of Germany."
   BAA_bab

@_date: 1996-01-28 22:33:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: YAN_kel 
1-28-96. NYT:
   A "Viewpoint" article not on the NYT Web site:
   "Standoff in Cyberspace Gulch," by a Yankelovich author of
   the recent Cybercitizen Survey, reports on the showdown
   shaping up as the law moves into cyberspace, highlighting
   the clash between citizen fears about security and the
   desire for privacy, with stats from Yankelovich polls.
      The quandary here -- that regulations are both thought
      to be needed, yet anticipated to fail -- is the biggest
      issue, and one that puts additional pressure on the
      limits of cyberspace privacy. This crisis of confidence,
      as much as lawlessness itself, could easily choke the
      growth of cyberspace.
   YAN_kel
   Note: "Viewpoint" and "From the Desk Of" publishes readers'
   articles; submit by E-mail to  or to
   .

@_date: 1996-01-29 01:26:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PAC_man 
1-28-96. TWP:
   "Informant's Revelations on Cali Cartel Implicate Colombian
   Officials."
      Inside the counterintelligence center for notorious Cali
      drug lord Jose Santacruz Londono was an IBM AS/400
      computer storing coded information that listed thousands
      of bribes awarded by the Cali cartel to many individuals
      known collectively as "Caso 8000." The cartel's sysadmin
      has been decoding the computer's data and implicating
      officials from Colombian government, politics, the
      military and the entertainment industry.
      He later would be indicted as part of a major
      racketeering case brought by federal prosecutors in
      Miami against U.S. lawyers who allegedly have protected
      Cali interests here and abroad -- three private lawyers
      who are former federal prosecutors, including one who
      served as a high-ranking Justice Department official.
   PAC_man
   -----
   TWP has a followup on the AOL raid, mostly a police story
   grisler on the cyber-prowling horny-cats. Has ICU of the
   terminal logoff by a 13-year-old nerd. The fuz posted a
   call-in for anon tips:
      "You know how many we've gotten from our on-line hot
      line? Not one. It's like they have this fantastic world
      they operate in, and we are seen as intruders or
      something."
   ICU_ded

@_date: 1996-01-29 02:48:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Politics of Mistrust 
The Washington Post initiates today a 6-part series on the
   loss of trust in all American institutions, "The Politics
   of Mistrust," based on a recent poll sponsored by the    Post, Harvard and the Kaiser Family Foundation.
   While not directly related to technical crypto, a number    of findings parallel discussions here about the diminution
   of personal and economic security. Samples:
      America is becoming a nation of suspicious strangers,
      and this mistrust of each other is a major reason
      Americans have lost confidence in the federal government
      and virtually every other major national institution.
      Every generation that has come of age since the 1950s
      has been more mistrusting of human nature, a
      transformation in the national outlook that has deeply
      corroded the nation's social and political life.
      Mistrustful Americans repeatedly expressed far less
      confidence in the federal government, the military, the
      Supreme Court, Congress and the Clinton administration
      than the dwindling numbers of Americans who were more
      upbeat about human nature.
      Fear of crime, economic insecurity and pessimism about
      the lives of future generations all have separately
      added to the belief that government is either making
      things worse or is incapable of making them better.
      Today, a clear majority of respondents in their early
      20s said they do not trust their fellow Americans, a view
      they share with one in four Americans over the age of
      60. "It's like living in the cave man age," said a 29-
      year-old. "Nobody cares anymore. Nobody cares. They will
      no sooner run you down and run away than to spit in your
      face."
      An environment in which a majority of Americans believe
      that most people can't be trusted breeds attitudes that
      hold all politicians as corrupt, venal and self-serving,
      and government action is doomed to failure.
      Wages have stagnated, workers change jobs frequently and
      downsizing corporations offer little protection even to
      the most loyal of employees.
      Americans who feel most pessimistic about the economy
      also are more likely to see the government as a threat.
   Harvard and Kaiser are to separately publish their own
   analysis of the poll.
   The first article offers much more detail and is quite
   long, about a page and a half. Perhaps someone might offer
   a site where this and others in the series could be made
   available as they appear. If so, send me a note.

@_date: 1996-01-29 09:12:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Opinion piece in NYT; responses needed 
Responding to msg by jrochkin at cs.oberlin.edu (Jonathan Rochkind) on Sun, 28 Jan  7:33 PM
That's January 28, 1996, no lie. Mein typo, bitte schoen.
Back to Mr. Rochkind's assail.

@_date: 1996-01-30 01:33:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Politics of Mistrust 2 
Thanks to Replay, The Washington Post series on "The
   Politics of Mistrust" simmers at:
         Today's second article of six is, "Who's in Control? Many
   Don't Know or Care."
      Politics is "a waste of my time. They're cutting each
      other down, just playing childish games. It's confusing
      nonsense, like two little kids on a schoolyard," says
      Temera Porter, a computer chip inspector in Beaverton,
      Oregon. "When I voted last I wrote in that George Carlin
      should be president, I really did."
   A sidekick report tells of Rush's 20m dittoheads' wishes to
   rid DC of George Carlin's Who's, fuck, shit ...

@_date: 1996-01-30 02:21:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DRE_ams 
1-29-96. WSJ:
   "MCI, Microsoft Form Partnership to Sell Each Other's
   Products World-Wide."
   1-29-96. FinTim:
   "News and MCI put their money on DBS."
      Includes proposal that Microsoft distribute by MCI
      satellite for pennies rather than for dollars by wire.
   1-29-96. WSJ:
   "Sun to Unveil Prototype of Low-Cost PC for Internet That
   Uses Java Language."
      Java as OS and browser, sidestepping MS and NSCP.
   DRE_ams (for the 3)

@_date: 1996-01-30 02:41:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BAI_bcg 
1-29-96. FinTim:
   "High street dinosaurs wake up. Online prospects are making
   the banking industry restive."
      Covers a new Bank Administration Institute/Boston
      Consulting Group report, "The Information Highway and
      Retail Banking."
   BAI_bcg
   -----
   An FT reviewer of the KDM/TSU books writes that "Littman
   reveals how little divides the sheriffs of cyberspace from
   its outlaws. Shimomura resembles Mitnick more than he
   would like to admit. The big difference is that the
   computer expert on the right side of the law becomes a
   media celebrity, earns consultancy fees telling companies
   how to defend themselves, and has others pay his expenses
   and buy his equipment. The expert who does not inhabits
   a prison cell with six other men, and is reduced to
   writing pleas for help with a stub pencil."

@_date: 1996-01-30 22:00:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NRO Slush Fund 
URL:       January 30, 1996
Spy Agency Said to Have Spare Billions
     The National Reconnaissance Office, the secret agency
     that builds spy satellites, lost track of more than $2 billion in
     classified money last year, largely because of its own      secrecy, intelligence officials say.
     In the past, congressional oversight of the reconnaissance      has been sketchy, because few members of Congress
     understood the highly technical language of spy satellites and some
     did not know what they were approving when they authorized      of dollars a year in secret spending.

@_date: 1996-01-31 04:03:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DRU_mup 
1-30-96. TWP:
   "Defense Memo Warned of Israeli Spying."
      A DoD security office issued a confidential warning       in October that the Israeli government was       "aggressively" trying to steal U. S. military and       intelligence secrets, partly by using its "strong       ethnic ties" to the United States to recruit spies.       It described Israel as a "non-traditional adversary"       in the world of espionage, noting similar
      intelligence "threats" from other close allies such as
      France, Italy, Japan, Germany, and Britain.
   "Relaxed CIA Covert Action Rules Urged."
      A private, blue-ribbon task force is urging policymakers
      to consider allowing the CIA to resume sending out spies
      posing as American journalists or members of the clergy
      and lifting the ban on certain covert actions such as
      those designed to prevent terrorist attacks or support
      the overthrow of hostile regimes.
   DRU_mup

@_date: 1996-01-31 09:06:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The FV Problem = A Press Problem 
Responding to msg by tbyfield at panix.com (t byfield) on Tue, 30 Jan  3:49 PM
Would that be "Public Opinion?"
If so, that's an interesting progression: Bernays to Lippman to Chomsky: PR begets PO begets ...  How would the politico-linguist's advocacy be characterized, PR, PO or whatever is evolving parasitically from hegemonic, ever manipulative media?
All the variations of MCI-MS-News-Oracles, global combos and recombos burgeoning and emerging.
All the promising, braying, dreaming, lying, manipulating markets and investors reminds of Lippman's and Bernay's and Chomsky's warnings about evil-doers causing the sky to fall.

@_date: 1996-01-31 21:24:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PoM 3: Angry Females 
Today's third article of The Washington Post series on "The
   Politics of Mistrust" is:
   "Angry Female Voters a Growing Force."
      Remember angry white males? Well, hear now from the
      women. They are more likely than men to have become
      anxious about the economy and distrustful of govermnent.
      But what separates men from women in this worried
      segment of the electorate is that they seem less
      concerned with their own plight than they are with the
      economic prospects for their children and their
      neighbors, including the poor.
   Next: The anti-government electorate.
   Series to date available at:

@_date: 1996-02-01 03:27:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FYR_wal 
1-31-96. WSJ:
   "Chinese Firewall: Beijing Seeks to Build Version of the
   Internet That Can Be Censored."
      "We've eliminated what is undesirable and kept what is
      good." Which is, succinctly, China's riposte to the
      information age, from satellite television and real-time
      news to the Internet. Beijing eagerly seeks the fanciest
      information hardware, but it fears much of the software.
      China, in short, is determined to do what conventional
      wisdom suggests is impossible: Join the information age
      while restricting access to information. The reason: If
      the Internet has proved its utility, it has also become
      a fluid medium for the two things China's authoritarian
      government most dreads, political dissent and
      pornography.
      Industry insiders say China -- which has already bought
      some of the most powerful equipment available, from
      U.S.-based Cisco Systems Inc. and Sprint International,
      a unit of Sprint Corp. -- ultimately aims to create a
      monolithic Internet backbone, centrally administered,
      that minimizes the threat posed by the Internet's
      amoeba-like structure.
   FYR_wal

@_date: 1996-02-01 03:29:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PoM 4: Anti-Government Growth 
Today's fourth article of The Washington Post series on "The
   Politics of Mistrust" is:
   "Public Grows More Receptive to Anti-Government Message."
     The public sees the quality of life deteriorating or not
     improving from the 1960s, with family breakup, increased
     violence, a failure to produce better jobs, and, in      with the Cold War over, they don't see any real reduction      the risks of the possibility of a third world war. All      occurs at a time when taxes have been increasing. The      government, low tax environment creates a real opportunity      Republicans.... The general force of this sense of no      is to favor the more conservative party.
   Next: Generation divide
   Series to date available at:

@_date: 1996-02-01 11:34:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Denning's misleading statements 
Responding to msg by jonl at well.com (Jon Lebkowsky) on Wed, 31 Jan  6:34 PM
   Try for Al Bayse, formerly assistant director of the FBI's
   Technical Services Division and its long-time senior
   techonology expert. Here's a quote from David Burnham's new
   book, "Above the Law:"
      Al Bayse, whom FBI documents suggest has been involved
      in the Clipper since its inception, was ecstatic about
      its inception. Shortly before the White House announced
      the project to reporters, he telephoned the three
      leading security experts in the academic world --
      Dorothy Denning of Georgetown University, Lance Hoffman
      of George Washington University and Peter Neumann of SRI
      International -- and informed them that the FBI's
      problem had been solved. (p. 150)
   Burnham claims that because Bayse shaped and directed the
   FBI's investigative technologies from the late 1970s to the
   mid-1990s he "may well be the nation's single most
   influential law enforcement official since J. Edgar
   Hoover." (p. 136)

@_date: 1996-07-02 07:59:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Technology and Privacy 
The Washington Post, July 1, 1996, p. A16.    Technology and Privacy [Letter]    In reference to the May 31 editorial "Plant Lights and    Privacy" commenting on an 11th Circuit Court of Appeals    decision to uphold the use of thermal imaging in cases    involving indoor marijuana growing operations: The U.S.    Supreme Court had just declined to review that 11th Circuit    decision.    On June 11, The Post published a letter from Jack King    ["When Government Can Look Through Walls"] warning us that    thermal imaging, as developed by the military and as used    by civilian law enforcement agencies with the cooperation    of the military, posed an Orwellian threat to citizens    because the government could use the technology to tell if    two people were making love in the privacy of their    bedroom.    To set the record straight, military thermal imaging is    used to support civilian law enforcement only after other    probable cause for a search warrant, such as power bills,    observation of boarded-up windows, vents on the roof to    draw away heat and buys by confidential informants, are    documented. The military is then called in, using thermal    imagers, to determine if there is an unusual heat source in    the house as detected by heat escaping from the house. In    dozens of cases where thermal imaging was used, I have not    observed one case where it could detect the activity of    people in a house, let alone a bedroom. I also have not    observed the technology to have the ability to detect what    people are doing in any room behind closed doors, covered    windows and walls other than to detect blurs or shadows    moving around behind light curtains.    The United States v. Cusumano language quoted by Mr. King    was reversed last month by the court because the original    three judges decided it was an issue that didn't need    deciding, i.e. the constitutionality of thermal imaging    absent a search warrant, and did not exercise "judicial    restraint."    The trend to Mr. King's "militarization" of the war on    drugs, based on a decision by then-secretary of defense    Richard Cheney that drug use represented a threat to our    national security, is being carried out with restraint,    respect for the law and an appropriate appreciation for the    privacy of our citizens.    Barrie A. Vernon    Alexandria    The writer is an attorney with the National Guard Bureau at    the Pentagon working in support of the counter-drug    directorate.    [End]

@_date: 1996-07-02 08:13:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Net and Terrorism 
To complement Tim May's essay on the Net and Terrorism:    The Washington Post, July 1, 1996, Business, p. 22.    Keeping the Military in High Tech [Excerpts]    At Camber Corporation in Springfield, Va., posters, comic    strips and colorful Silicon Graphics Inc. computers dot the    office landscape. Employees banter as they work.    Technical director Bryan Ware, 26, serves as the bridge     between the college-age computer programmers and the     military commanders who authorize the projects. "A lot of     military people don't know or trust technology," he said.     "A lot of computer nerds don't know or trust the military.    I know and like both."    The Army had a congressional mandate to prepare for    terrorists using chemical, biological or even nuclear    weapons and for civilian doctors having to figure out how    to treat the victims. To that end, the Army contracted    Camber to create the Nuclear Biological Chemical Medical    Defense Information Server which has many more bells and    whistles than the average Web site.    On the opening page, "danger" signs line the background.    Articles on the latest terrorist catastrophes appear in the    center of the screen. Black illuminated links to the site's    library, to news and to other information fill the    left-hand side.    Click on the library link, and medical manuals on nuclear,    biological and chemical warfare treatments appear. To the    left, a video section link becomes visible. Click on it,    and an interactive session begins between the user and an    actor playing the role of nuclear, chemical or biological    warfare victim. If the user administers the proper    treatment (it's good to read the library manuals before    going to the video), the victim will survive. If the user    fails to administer the correct procedures, the victim will    die.    "We try to have fun," said Alex Neifert, 21, who's working    on the Army Web site project for the summer before heading    back to the University of Michigan's Graduate School of    Information in the fall.    "We're hoping to improve the preparedness of the military    and civilian communities to deal with these types of    problems. This site will give doctors access to important    information that could save lives in the event of a    terrorist action," said the Army officer in charge of the    project.    Camber and the military hope that 1,000 visitors will view    the Web site daily when it officially opens July 3. To    access the site, point your browser to:     -----

@_date: 1996-07-03 01:06:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: LOS_tit 
7-2-96 UST, page one:    "Companies fear losing privacy, customers' trust."       In a show of self-reliance reminiscent of the old West,       companies are taking matters into their own hands,       hiring security firms to protect their computer systems       and ignoring the convention that law enforcement is the       best defense. It's a stance that has implications for       law enforcement and commerce, raises broad questions of       privacy and control, and pits the philosophy of the       Clinton administration directly against that of many       Fortune 500 companies. "An organization has very little       to gain" by reporting, says Lloyd Hession, of IBM's       Business Recovery Services.       There seems to be universal agreement that the strongest       means for securing computer data against theft lies in       cryptography, but the Clinton administration, citing       fears that criminals would use cryptography to cloak       their activities, is setting regulations slowing       development of cryptography software.       The Clinton administration is to announce, as early as       this week, a commission to determine the federal       government's role in securing cyberspace, from terrorism       to petty crimes.       (13 kb)       Go via  Pipeline now belongs to       Mindspring, an Atlanta company.    LOS_tit

@_date: 1996-07-03 03:56:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TRI_cks 
7-2-96. FiTi:    "A Japanese engineer's box of tricks is helping detect    forged banknotes."       Counterfeit dollar bills are judged on a scale of one to       nine, with the crudest at level one. The detector       machines that existed before Matsumura's could only pick       out bills at around level five or six. Supernotes are       ranked between seven and nine and have been almost       impossible to detect. Matsumura says supernotes do have       flaws, though, and his machine can spot differences in       the printing by referring to a histogram, or statistical       graph, of patterns on real US notes. Each supernote       tends to have two or three minute aberrations.       Consequently, sensors check for any variations at 12       points on the note. A 0.9-second scan also monitors the       thickness of the paper and the printing ink.       The company can only produce 500 units a month, but       already has orders for 45,000.      (4 kb)    TRI_cks

@_date: 1996-07-08 05:13:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Wiretapping Rises EYE_son 
The Wash Post today has page one lead story on the sharp rise in
wiretapping by the Clinton administration. Former restraints due to high
cost have been overcome with more money and more efficeint technology,
eagerly supported by a bipartisan Congress and grateful LEA and DoJ
cartelest conspiracists. And, there is a lengthy Op-Ed on the "growing stealth slice of the
shrinking defense pie." Lots and lots of secrets, can't get enough of them, can't tell the public
what they are, about real and imaginary terrorists and anti-terrorists --
and bypass the private citizens that threaten budgets and jobs and inner
sanctum privileges. See at:       No Web access? Or hate snooping newspapers, and spies traffic-analyzing?
Send us via Ross Anderson's true anonymizer end-to-end encrypted spize-only
top secret E-mail with the subject: EYE_son

@_date: 1996-07-08 08:38:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DEA Intercepts 
Would anyone know more about the DEA "process the intercepts by computer"
in the excerpt below from today's Wash Post? Any connection to Peter
Neuman's remarks at the CRISIS press conference about LEA training and
technology as alternatives to breaking strong crypto?    This new funding has been a factor in making possible    increased use of electronic surveillance. Federal wiretaps    cost more than $70,000 a month to operate and generate    hundreds of hours of labor for monitors, transcribers,    surveillance teams and investigators. Larger budgets mean    cost is less of an obstacle.    Building for the future, the DEA is carrying out a $33    million program to replace single-line wiretapping gear    with new equipment that can monitor 40 lines simultaneously    and process the intercepts by computer. The FBI is plowing    millions into developing new intercept techniques for    digital lines and expanding its cadre of agents who use the    bureau's high tech surveillance gear.    "I don't think J. Edgar Hoover would contemplate what we    can do today in terms of technology," Reno testified during    a Senate hearing in May.    The total number of federal wiretaps is just one measure of    the rise in federal surveillance. The build-up also is    evident in the increased use of electronic devices that    record the numbers dialed by a target telephone, and the    origin of calls to it.    These devices allow agents to identify a person's    associates. Beginning in 1993, Justice agencies began using    the court-authorized monitors more often and leaving them    installed for longer periods of time, according to a    Justice Department report.

@_date: 1996-07-09 14:15:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TACDFIPSFKMI (fwd) 
Date: Mon, 08 Jul 1996 16:36:09    From: Elaine Frye     Subject: Announcement re New TAC    [Snip Carl's forward]    [Distribution relocated from header]    To: Dunn at podesta.com (Elizabeth Dunn), Ditoston at btec.com,    ereed at novell.com, cameron at novell.com, jwinston at tis.com    (Joan Winston), ptd at tis.com (Peter Dinsmore), denny at tis.com    (Denny Branstad), steve at tis.com (Steve Walker),     kam at tis.com, landgrave at aol.com (Landgrave Smith),    perillo at dockmaster.ncsc.mil, anne.shepherd at nist.gov (Anne    Enright Shepherd), 100126.3650 at COMPUSERVE.COM, roz at mtb.com    (Roszel Thomsen), abd at cdt.org, kkonechy at rnbo.com (Ken    Konechy), pfh at netscape.com (Peter Harter), romeror at frb.gov     (Ray Romero), karen.randall at att.com (Karen Randall),    jeff at netscape.com (Jeff Treuhaft), exp at mk.ibek.com (E. J.    Prior), rplesser at pipermar.com (Ron Greg_Garcia at aeanet.org    (Greg Garcia), csmith at steptoe.com (Clint Smith),    William_Baugh at cpqm.saic.com (William Baugh),    fred_mailman at hpatc1.desk.hp.com (Fred Mailman),            uscibproh at delphi.com (Melanie Janin), KaneS at wangfed.com    (Steve Kane), hill at po3.bb.unisys.com (John Hill),           peasley at worldbank.org (Peter Easley),    foreilly at worldbank.org (Frank O'Reilly), maitgmu at aol.com    (Tucker Cox), ghilborn at csc.com (Gene Hilborn),            padgett at tccslr.dnet.mmc.com (Padgett Peterson),           whitfield.diffie at Eng.Sun.Com (Whitfield Diffie),            jeff.rulifson at Eng.Sun.Com (Jeff Rulifson),          ankney at emc2-tao.fisc.com (Richard Ankney),          rmedlock at mitre.org (Roberta Medlock),           JNGUYEN at MILCHEV.COM (Jonathan Nguyen-Duy),            ttobin at atl.ge.com (Tim Tobin), csmother at atl.ge.com (Carl    Smothers), randy at mci.net (Randy Catoe),    denning at cs.cosc.georgetown.edu (Dorothy Denning),    jya at pipeline.com (John Young), dn at pipeline.com (Deborah    Natsios), brow at clark.net, mbohannon at banyan.doc.gov (Mark    Bohannon), ads012 at email.mot.com (Don Sorter),    Mary_Smolenski at ita.doc.gov (Mary Smolenski),    lshomo at hqops.hq.nasa.gov (Lawrence Shomo),    Jean_M_Baronas at co.xerox.com (Jean Baronas),    jag at jgvandyke.com (Jonathan Gloster), rsabett at spyrus.com    (Randy Sabett), Martin.Ferris at treas.sprint.com (Martin    Ferris), Karla.King at treas.sprint.com (Karla King),    lthrash at hqamc.army.mil (Lawrence Thrash),    trstsc at tevm2.nsc.com (Russ Tobolic),    steve.katz at citicorp.com (Steve Katz),    jill.oliver at citicorp.com (Jill Oliver), jgrabo at infsec.com    (John Grabowsky), madavids at us.oracle.com (Mary Ann    Davidson), palamber at us.oracle.com (Paul Lambert),    geiter at mitre.org (Jisoo Geiter),    Ezzy_Dabbish-AMTE09 at email.corp.mot.com (Ezzy Dabbish),    BFlowe at MCiMail.com (Ben Flowe), sking at mitre.org (Sue King),    ablee at mitre.org (Annabell Lee), murray2 at vnet.ibm.com (Vera    Murray), french at zeke.ENET.dec.com (Roger French),    pescatore at idcg.com (John Pescatore),    barker at st1.ncsl.nist.gov (Elaine Barker),    FKeenan_+wshsr02+1Florence_Keenan+r%PGFM at mcimail.com    (Florence Keenan), SROSE42008 at aol.com (Steve Rose),    john at ipower.nsc.com (John Power), david.bicknell at rbp.co.uk     (David Bicknell), mschneck at phoenix.Princeton.EDU (Melanie    Schneck), lhg at nrc.gov (Louis Grossman),    RAVENIS at novell.wd.cubic.com (Joe Ravenis), stw at boeing.com    (Steve Whitlock), corcorane at Washpost.com (Elizabeth    Corcoran), hoffman at seas.gwu.edu (Lance Hoffman),    Thorne_Graham at ccmail.irs.gov (Thorne Graham),    lovornj at dyncorp.com (Jan Lovorn), Squires at arpa.gov (Stephen    Squires), davido at cylink.com (David O'Brien),    al.williams at gsa.gov (Al Williams), JDRANDALL at vnet.ibm.com    (James Randall), RHDANCK at DELPHI.COM (Renee Danckwerth),    Kpauley at pipermar.com (Kay Pauley), PFarrell at gmu.edu (Pat    Farrell), darnstein at hns.com (Donald Arnstein),    Thomas_C_Jones at ccm.ch.intel.com (Tom Jones),    P26730 at email.mot.com (Helen Hammond),    hpodell at ids2.idsonline.com (Harold Podell), beccag at bsa.org    (Becca Gould), mccord at nosc.mil (Marion McCord),    orestib/dcpo/bruceh%mcimail.com at micf.nist.gov (Bruce    Heiman), elaine.frye at nist.gov, cme at acm.org (Carl Ellison),    jhalpert at pipermar.com (J. Halpert), ads012 at email.mot.com    (Don Sorter), paradise at wellsfargo.com (Jane Paradise),    Lynn.McNulty at internetmci.com (Lynn McNulty),    lawrence.shomo at hq.nasa (Larry Shomo)     [End]

@_date: 1996-07-10 14:09:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Advances in Quantum crypto 
Yes, Derek and Mark, provide more detail, maybe source citations, on both
these references, if you have them handy.

@_date: 1996-07-11 04:59:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NIST on PKI 
Business Wire, 9 July 1996:    Note To Editors: For more information on the NIST    initiative, please refer to the NIST press release: "NIST,    Industry Partners to Develop Specifications for Public Key    Infrastructure," July 9, 1996.    ----------     Certicom to Partner with NIST to Develop Specifications for    a Public Key Infrastructure; Certicom signs agreement with    NIST to contribute cryptographic expertise    Toronto -- Certicom Corp. a leading information security    company, today announced that it will participate in an    initiative by the U.S. Commerce Department's National    Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) which will    lead to the development of the elements of a public key    infrastructure (PKI).     A PKI will enable individuals and organizations who have    never met to electronically send and receive documents    which have been digitally signed.    NIST announced today that it is partnering with several    companies who bring specialized experience in providing    products or services related to PKI components.    "Certicom is excited about the establishment of this PKI    project. It represents a proactive initiative by the    Commerce Department to develop standards based on existing    technology and commercial and government requirements by    soliciting the active participation of key industry    players," said Skip Hirsh, Director of U.S. Government    Marketing for Certicom.    "The strong leadership position taken by NIST will    accelerate the deployment of practical public key    infrastructures essential for the secure exchange of    electronic data."    "Certicom will contribute significant cryptographic    experience to the partnership, particularly with the    Elliptic Curve Cryptosystem (ECC) which is the most    efficient public key technology available," commented Gary    Hughes, president and CEO of Certicom. "ECC is a critical,    enabling technology for this NIST project because of its    efficiency in the high volume applications that are common     in PKIs." ...    Other partners that NIST has signed cooperative research    and development agreements (CRADAs) with include: AT&T    Government Markets, BBN Corp., Cylink Corp., DynCorp    Information & Technology Inc., Information Resource    Engineering Inc., Motorola, Northern Telecom Ltd. (Nortel),    SPYRUS, Inc. and VeriSign, Inc.    The goal of the partnership is to develop a minimum    interoperability specification for the technical components    of a PKI. The results will be shared with participating    companies, the appropriate standards-making bodies, federal    government agencies and industry organizations that are    working on aspects of PKI development.    A public key infrastructure relies on public key    cryptography in which each user has a key pair consisting    of a public and private key. The public key must be    digitally signed by a central authority to ensure its    authenticity. Digital signatures are cryptographic    techniques which are used for data integrity,    authentication and nonrepudiation.    The process of digitally signing public keys is known as    certification and is the main purpose of a public key    infrastructure.    Certicom expects to demonstrate the benefits ECC provides    to large-scale PKIs in which numerous users are signing and    verifying documents.    Elliptic Curve Cryptosystems have the highest strength per    bit of any known public key system, minimizing the    requirement for large key sizes. Cryptographic processes    based on ECC provide efficient computation techniques which    reduce communications and computation time, thereby    substantially reducing costs.    Certicom is a developer of information security products    and technologies and is the leader in Elliptic Curve    Cryptosystems, the world's most efficient public key    technology. The company specializes in applications where    the combination of cryptographic strength and high    efficiency are critical. Certicom's primary markets are in    wireless, smart cards, banking and electronic commerce over    the Internet.    Visit Certicom's home page at      -----

@_date: 1996-07-15 14:03:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PKI Documents 
----------    Public Key Infrastructure     Pardon our mess.     This page is under construction. Additional files, and    additional formats, will be added in the near future. Your    patience is appreciated!    The following documents are products of the Federal PKI    Steering Committee's Technical Working Group. Together,    they comprise Version 1 of the Technical Specifications for    the Federal PKI.    + Requirements for the Federal Public Infrastructure    (PostScript) [265366 bytes] This is Part A: of the    Technical Specifications, the Draft Requirements for the    Federal PKI.    + Technical Security Policy for the Federal PKI    (PostScript) [163543 bytes] This is Part B: of the    Technical Specifications, the Draft Technical Security    Policy for the Federal PKI.    + Proposed Federal PKI Concept of Operations (PostScript)    [980672 bytes] This is the Part C: of Technical    Specifications, the Concept of Operations for the Federal    PKI.    + Interoperability Profile (PostScript) [746328 bytes] This    is Part D: of the Technical Specifications, Draft    Interoperability Profiles for the Federal PKI.    Contractor Reports: the following reports were developed by    contractors for NIST. These reports do not constitute    government positions, but rather detail the advice and    guidance provided to the government regarding public key    infrastructure.    + The 1994 Mitre PKI Study Final Report. [1461396 bytes]    This report describes a federal PKI based on a strict    hierarchical architecture, using X.509 version 2    certificates.    + A Public Key Infrastructure for Unclassified but    Sensitive Applications. [946734 bytes] This 1995 report    describes a federal PKI based on a network architecture    using the X.509 version 3 certificate.    [End]

@_date: 1996-07-15 14:35:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GIB_ber 
6-13-96. NYP:    Markoff: "Clinton Proposes Initiatives On the Scrambling of    Data."       Under increasing pressure from Congress and the computer       industry, the Clinton Administration proposed a series       of new data-scrambling policy initiatives yesterday that       it said would address the Government's national security       concerns while also permitting American companies to       compete more effectively overseas.    6-14-96. NYP:    William Gibson: "The Net Is a Waste of Time. And that's    exactly what's right about it."       The Web, in its clumsy, larval, curiously innocent way,       offers us the opportunity to waste time, to wander       aimlessly, to daydream about the countless other lives,       the other people, on the far sides of however many       monitors in that postgeographical meta-country we       increasingly call home. It will probably evolve into       something considerably less random, but in the meantime,       in its gloriously unsorted Global Ham Television       Postcard Universes phase, surfing the Web is a       procrastinator's dream. And people who see you doing it       might even imagine you're working.      (13 kb for 2)    GIB_ber  (for 2)

@_date: 1996-07-17 01:27:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WON_der 
6-15-96. NYP, Book review:       AFTER THOUGHT       The Computer Challenge to Human Intelligence       By James Bailey       Illustrated. 277 pages Basic Books/HarperCollins. $25.       ISBN 0-465-00781-3    Mr. Bailey, a former senior manager at the Thinking    Machines Corporation, foresees an "electronic computing    revolution" whose "intellectual impact will be greater than    anything since the Renaissance, possibly greater than    anything since the invention of language." In his view, the    greatest challenge posed by the computer revolution will be    for humans to trust processes of thinking they won't    necessarily understand, such as neural networks spotting    patterns without supplying proof "in any human-absorbable    form."    His main point is that we must become aware of the outmoded    abstractions on which our sequential thinking is based and    to jettison them in favor of parallel processes. He cites    Alfred North Whitehead: "A civilization which cannot burst    through its current abstractions is doomed to sterility    after a very limited burst of progress." The wonder of Mr.    Bailey's book is that he makes us aware of things abstract    that all our lives we have been trained to think of as    concrete.    -----      (7 kb)    WON_der

@_date: 1996-07-18 15:06:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 119_816 
6-17-96. NYP:    "11 Officers Are Accused of Failure to pay Taxes. Claims of    Sovereignty and 98 Dependents."       At least 11 New York City police officers have been       accused of failing to pay any Federal taxes for several       years by declaring they each had 98 dependents and by       insisting that the Government had no right to tax them.       The officers relied on a package of instructions that       described how to avoid paying taxes by declaring that       they were sovereign citizens who did not have to pay       taxes.    "16 Indicted On Charges Of Internet Pornography."       Exon-Reno-ing into one of the more distant frontiers of       sexual crime, a Federal grand jury charged 16 people in       the US and abroad with joining in a pornography ring.       Its members shared homemade pictures, recounted their       sexual experiences with children and even chatted       electronically as two of the men molested a 10-year-old       girl. The case appeared likely to heighten concerns       about the spread of child pornography over the Internet.    -----      (11 kb for 2)    119_816  (For 2)

@_date: 1996-07-18 15:24:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Gorelick's Urge 
Wall Street Journal, July 17, 1996    Panel to Oversee Protecting Systems From Hackers    Washington -- President Clinton ordered the creation of a    commission to recommend laws and regulations to protect    vital government and private systems against attacks by    terrorists or computer hackers.    Jamie Gorelick, deputy U.S. attorney general, described the    effort as having the "same level of urgency" as the    Manhattan Project, the crash World War II effort to develop    the atomic bomb. She said the commission, which will be    headed by an appointee from the private sector, will have    a large representation from corporations, because they    control the nation's telecommunications system,    electrical-power grid, banking, transportation and    fuel-supply systems.    "We are looking for a structure that cuts across the    government and private sector," Ms. Gorelick told the    Senate's Permanent Investigations Subcommittee. While some    22 federal agencies have some involvement with such    problems, she said there is no central mechanism.    While the new Commission on Critical Infrastructure    Protection deliberates, President Clinton ordered the    Federal Bureau of Investigation to head an interim task    force.    [End]

@_date: 1996-07-20 01:18:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BIG_dif 
7-19-96. NYP:    "AT&T and Wells Fargo Investing in an Electronic Cash    Card."       The companies said that they would form the American       affiliate of Mondex. Any one with a Mondex card can       transfer electronic cash to anyone else with a card.       This flexibility has raised concerns both about the       possibility of counterfeiting and of money laundering.       Because of these concerns, Mondex has been modified in       the United States so that banks will be able to track       card use. That will allow them to audit for fraud, if       not recreate every transaction. Data from Mondex cards       will be used for various product marketing.       "We believe there should be privacy, but there is a big       difference between privacy and anonymity," Dudley Nigg,       executive vice president of Wells Fargo, said.    -----      (4 kb)    BIG_dif

@_date: 1996-07-20 22:00:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MON_dex 
A business wire of 7-18-96 reports at length on the massive globalization
of Mondex, of which the new AT&T/Wells Fargo Ecash card is a part. It does
not answer DCF's lost wallet questions. -----   (12 kb)

@_date: 1996-07-21 22:29:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Devil's Bargain 
The New York Times, July 21, 1996, WIR, p. 5.    The Devil's Bargain of a Better World    By Tim Weiner    Washington. The arc of the burning plane falling into the    ocean, the fire glowing on the dark waters, shed light on    how vulnerable we are. When a jumbo jet falls from the sky,    technology has failed or terrorism has succeeded.    In the hours after Flight 800 went down off Fire Island,    everyone in officialdom said there was no reason to believe    it was a terrorist attack. Nearly everyone else    instinctively believed it was.    However the facts turn out, it is revealing that Americans    thought first of a bomb borne by angry men on a mission    from God. There was no more evidence to blame it on it was    close enough to truth, given the absence of facts,    Americans' shared fear of terror and their faith in    technology.    In any event, if the crash turns out to have been an    accident -- horrible but still an act of God -- the relief    may be fleeting.    "It doesn't matter whether it was a bomb or not, in the way    we think of it -- it's what we expect," said Ronald Steel,    professor of International relations at the University of    Southern California and author of "Temptations of a    Superpower" (Harvard, 1995). "We know it's going to happen    somewhere --if not this airplane, then the World Trade    Center, Lockerbie, the bombs in Saudi Arabia and Paris and    London. This is a part of our life. If for some reason this    wasn't a bomb, we better get ready for one tomorrow." [See    Steel's NYT Op-Ed today:     High-Tech Freedom    With the doubled-edge sword of technology, Americans have    carved a world of gleaming aircraft and guided missiles.    The airplanes that transport them, the cell phones and    television cables and computers that link them, define how    they live, how they work, how they take their pleasure.    They are right up there with freedom of speech and    religion, freedom from want and fear. They make America    rich, powerful, and free.    But Americans cannot control technology; increasingly, it    controls them. And when the people Americans fear get their    hands on it, the fear is accelerated and amplified by 500    channels of interwoven media hype.    The airlines and telephones and E-mail that connect    Americans connect those other people too: a computer disk    is the crucial piece of evidence in the current trial of    Ramzi Ahmed Yusef, accused of planning to blow a fleet of    commercial planes from the sky (and in a pending case, of    leading the World Trade Center bombing).    The subway rider poisoned in Tokyo and the American soldier    blown out of bed in Dhahran share a common knowledge: High    technology may make a fine sword, but it is a flawed    shield. It cannot stop every nut with a grudge.    Americans are slowly getting used to the idea that one can    no longer go through the world without passing through    security. They are learning to live with terror and the    technology of counter-terrorism, as people have for years    in Tel Aviv and Cairo, Belfast and Berlin, Karachi and    Algiers. They all visit those cities now; they enter them    every time they walk through a metal detector.    So life feels more and more like an international airport:    identity checkpoints and security zones in concrete and    glass buildings, pretty flowers planted in concrete    barricades outside, robot voices delivering warnings.    The fear means they arrive early to spend more down time    waiting in line to pass through security. So they adapt,    thinking: That's not a barricade, it's a flowerpot. They    give up a little freedom in exchange for feeling safe, "all    watched over," as the late poet Richard Brautigan wrote,    "by machines of loving grace."    Visitors    The people who hate, love, envy and fear America's    prosperity and power, also pass through that international    airport. The United States needs their oil for fuel; it    needs their sweat for work Americans don't do any more.    They are woven into America, traveling through open lines    of trade and telecommunications and technology.    So everybody learns to live with the fear of the bomb in    the cargo bay: you have to catch that plane if you have    business abroad. If the United States were determined to    buy machines that could sniff out the Semtex in the    boombox, it could have done it -- the cost is perhaps $2    billion, or slightly less than one Stealth nuclear bomber.    But that is not the war Washington prepared to fight after    Vietnam. Generals today want wars they are sure to win.    We -- the United States -- have the smart bombs, built with    the billions that bankrupted Moscow and made America Number    One. They -- the furious and the powerless -- have the dumb    bombs, made from fertilizer and fuel oil, ignited by rage    and religion. But the United States can't stop them all,    not with its ever-tightening laws, not with its trillion-    dollar military, not with its weapons and warheads. So the    thinking goes.    On the simplest level, terrorism works: it terrifies. It    can increase the technology of control and erode the edges    of the Constitution. That can fuel the fear of Big Brother,    make people paranoid -- and in turn promote the homegrown    madness that exploded last year in Oklahoma City. Terrorism    cannot destroy the United States, but it has the power to    wound, outrage, sadden and change it.    When Iranians took Americans hostage and controlled the    nation's politics from half a world away, when a suicide    bomber blew up 241 American soldiers in Beirut and drove    the Marines from Lebanon, when the World Trade Center    shook, when the Dhahran barracks went up in smoke, it    expressed a burning anger in the world, the anger of the    poor and the powerless and the God-mad and the stateless.    The Method    Through repetition, Americans are slowly coming to    recognize the method in this madness: These attacks are    meant as blows against the global dominance of American    culture, money, power and technology.    Mr. Steel says the United States' stature as the one    surviving superpower and the architect of the new world    order is the very thing that makes it a target.    "Terror," he says, "is the weapon that the powerless use    against the powerful. We don't have any conception of what    an ideologically threatening power we are to people who    have different beliefs. Globalization and modernization are    truly threatening to people. They're even threatening to    the working class in this country because they drive down    wages. The very faith in technology that we spread is    something that runs head-on into another faith based on    tradition, asceticism and authority. We're the alien    ideology now."    [End] ----------    The New York Times, July 21, 1996, p. 25.    Top F.B.I. Investigator Is Known for Bluntness    James K. Kallstrom the head of the Federal Bureau of    Investigation s New York City office, is a technical wizard    who has bugged, wiretapped and generally bedeviled    mobsters, terrorists and other criminals for more than two    decades.    The crash investigation is the first major, high-profile    investigation of Mr. Kallstrom's tenure of a year and a    half. Since Wednesday night, Mr. Kallstrom has spent most    of his time shuttling, in a Blackhawk military helicopter,    between the F.B.I. command center, at 26 Federal Plaza in    Lower Manhattan, and the crash site, where he has held two    press conferences a day with a top official of the National    Transportation Safety Board.    Mr. Kallstrom is known for a no-nonsense, blunt approach    with his colleagues. He also never passes up a chance to    express some strongly felt opinions, they say. Often, Mr.    Kallstrom has offered his long-held view that Congress is    not doing enough to help Federal law enforcement in its    fight against criminals who use new technologies, such as    the Internet.    Since the crash Wednesday night, Mr. Kallstrom has had a    strong suspicion that it was tied to a bomb or missile.    "You have a lot of things that look like terrorism," Mr.    Kallstrom said at a press conference Friday afternoon. "At    some point in time, we're going to reach critical mass and    then we're going to be prepared to say exactly what we    think it is." As late as last night, he said he had not    seen anything to make him change that opinion. But    publicly, at least, Mr. Kallstrom has been reluctant to    declare that the crash was caused by a bomb or missile    until physical evidence, enough to reach a "beyond a    reasonable doubt" threshold, is found.    By selecting Mr. Kallstrom as assistant director in charge    of the New York Office in February 1995, the F.B.I.    Director, Louis J. Freeh, chose one of the bureau's most    respected surveillance experts, a man whose techniques    played a critical role in the arrests of every major    organized crime leader and terrorist in New York in the    last 20 years, including those involved with the World    Trade Center bombing in 1993.    [End]

@_date: 1996-07-22 23:20:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SHI_fty 
7-22-96. NYP, Page One:    "Microsoft Sees A Major Shift For Computers." John Markoff       MS is preparing to release new software that would bring       the most fundamental change to personal computers since       the machines were invented in the 1970's. Demonstrated       last week and to be distributed free to the public, the       software is designed to blend the multimedia technology       of the Web with Windows 95. PCs would treat each parcel       of material as a document with all the stand-alone       capabilities of a Web page. Each of these documents       would have hyperlinks so that the creator of a document       could make it available for reading, listening or       viewing anywhere on the Web.       "This is going to make enormous changes possible," said       Jesse Berst, editor of Windows Watcher. "It's analogous       to the advent of the automobile." "We're moving into a       new world; we now have a new metaphor," said John Seely       Brown, director of the Xerox Corporation's Palo Alto       Research Center.       A potentially troublesome aspect to Microsoft's new       thrust is the extent to which it will further blur the       distinctions between data that sit safely on a person's       own computer and data flowing around the Internet. While       certain measures of privacy and security control are       built into Microsoft's current and planned software, it       is still working to develop better security for Internet       software.    -----        SHI_fty

@_date: 1996-07-24 03:06:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DAM_lin 
7-23-96, WaPo:    "The Cryptography Wars." Op-Ed By Kenneth W. Dam and    Herbert S. Lin       In a June 10 editorial The Post disagreed with the NRC       report, suggesting that law enforcement and national       security interests require that current restrictions on       cryptography be maintained. The Post asserted that it is       "too soon" to accept that encryption can help law       enforcement and national security.       But arguing that it is premature to believe some uses of       encryption do benefit law enforcement and national       security simply denies reality. We emphatically reject       The Post's implication that we "sacrificed" law       enforcement and national security considerations in       favor of economic interests. Indeed, only a fully open       and inclusive public discussion can lead to the national       consensus upon which any successful cryptography policy       will depend.    -----      (6 kb)    DAM_lin

@_date: 1996-07-25 03:25:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: OPS_nuk 
The WSJ Page Ones a loser's game about the CIA's role in    promoting Japanese pachinko cards to halt the surreptitious    funneling of betting cash to the construction of a North    Korean nuclear plant. And the op's nuking by the Kobe quake    looting of card-reading mechanisms, cracking encryption    codes, and counterfeiting not-so-smart cards for counter-    tipping the house fix. Mondex, watcher bleedin arse.    -----        OPS_nuk

@_date: 1996-07-25 05:38:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: STI_ngy 
Three techno-terrorism Stingers:    7-24-96. WaPo: "Army Shows Missile Hit Is Unlikely. SAMS    Not Ruled Out; Downing Jet Is Hard."       The Army has run computer simulations to determine       whether a U.S.-made Stinger or equivalent weapon could       have hit TWA 800 and has concluded it was possible but       not likely, defense officials said yesterday. (But read       Kalliste's latest.)    7-24-96. NYP: "What Made Flight 800 Explode?"       Dr. Oxley said that even the best laboratory technique       might miss ANFO. Ammonium nitrate is readily soluble in       water and would dissipate rapidly from a submerged       wreck. The remaining fuel oil component of the bomb       would be hard to distinguish from aviation fuel or other       petroleum products. However, an ANFO bomb would have to       be detonated by one of the high explosives that do not       dissolve in water, which would be easier to detect.    And: "Computer Expert Testifies in Terror Trial."       David Swartzendruber, an investigator for Microsoft, who       said the F.B.I. asked him to examine the computer's hard       drive and reconstitute its files, gave the jury of the       Yousef terrorism trial a technical tutorial on how he       managed to retrieve files that had been deleted.    -----      (for 3, 15 kb)    STI_ngy

@_date: 1996-07-25 07:06:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Parsing John Youn (Re: OPS_nuk) 
them  substance,  Tim, pity the moot transcriber a-choring (spit). It's a grind (pus)
forwarding other's fishwrap (buggers), hardly able to contain one's
gibbering idiocy (pee) counterreaction to the new's gratuitous fatuity
(dookie). Usually, though, one's bowel-rumblings (Bic lits) pass unnosed in the
c'punk parfumerie.

@_date: 1996-07-25 09:39:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Pro-Crypto Fireworks 
Fireworks expected at Thursday encryption hearing    Washington, July 24 (Reuter) -- After sailing through two    quiet subcommittee hearings, a bill to relax restrictions    on computer encoding faces a much choppier ride before the    full Senate Commerce Committee on Thursday.    The committee will hear from some of the Clinton    administration's big guns on crime and national security,    including FBI Director Louis Freeh and William Crowell,    deputy director of the National Security Agency. [Snip]    Netscape's James Barksdale, who entranced senators at a    June 12 subcommittee hearing, will return Thursday to again    make the case for relaxing export restrictions. [Snip]    Others expected to testify Thursday include William    Reinsch, undersecretary for the Bureau of Export    Administration at the Commerce Department; Tandem Computers    Inc. President Roel Pieper; and Grover Norquist, president    of Americans for Tax Reform.    The hearing will be broadcast live over the Internet,    starting at about 9:15 a.m. EDT using Progressive Network's    Real Audio software. The technique was first used at a June    26 subcommittee hearing on the encryption bill.    Computer users anywhere in the world with sound capability     can tune in at     -----

@_date: 1996-07-27 01:39:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TIM_ers 
7-21-96. Sunday WaPo:    "Liquid Explosives, Miniature Timers May Foil Airline    Security Measures."       1994 spelled the beginning of what some experts fear       might be a resurgence of hi-tech terrorism, this time       involving persons with more advanced bomb-making skills       who know how to defeat even the best airport security       devices. The new terrorists favor smaller and much less       detectable plastic or liquid explosives detonated by       miniaturized and benign looking timers.        At the heart of such devices is a timer built by       rewiring a commonly available Casio digital watch, which       is connected to a stabilized form of liquid       nitroglycerin stored in a bottle ostensibly filled with       contact lens solution. The stabilizer for the       nitroglycerin looks like unsuspicious cotton. Even newer       screening devices that can see through clothes would       have difficulty ferreting out such a substance,       according to airplane security experts.    -----        TIM_ers

@_date: 1996-07-27 03:59:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IET_fws 
Bill Stallings reports in 7-23-96 Network World on the IETF's proposals for
Net security:    Toward that end, the IETF last summer published five    security-related proposed standards -- RFC 1825 through RFC    1829 -- that define a security capability at the IP level.    IP-layer security encompasses two functional areas:    authentication and privacy. The authentication mechanism    assures that a received packet was, in fact, transmitted by    the party identified as the source in the packet header and    that the packet was not altered in transit. The privacy    facility enables communicating nodes to encrypt messages to    prevent eavesdropping by third parties.    -----        IET_fws

@_date: 1996-07-27 04:24:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: AP on Crypto Hearing 
7-25-96. The Associated Press:    Computer Codes May Aid Crime      Washington -- FBI Director Louis Freeh warned Congress on    Thursday that allowing uncontrolled export of U.S. computer    security codes may help international criminals and    terrorists hide their activities from law enforcement.    "Encryption products used unchecked by criminals and    terrorists for their illegal activities pose an extremely    serious and, I believe, unacceptable threat," Freeh told    the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee.    Legislation pending in the Senate would permit U.S.    companies to export high-tech encryption devices that    ensure greater privacy for computer files, electronic mail    messages and systems such as stock exchange transactions.    Sponsors said the bill would "help America maintain our    superiority in software development" and guard against    unwarranted government intrusion.    "It is irrelevant that we can make a better product if we    cannot sell it," said Sen. John Ashcroft, R-Mo., one of the    sponsors.    The Clinton administration has proposed that encryption    exports be allowed only if a decoding "key" for the devices    is left with a third party -- such as a bank or insurance    company -- so that law enforcement personnel with a court    order could break the code, if necessary.    Freeh said such an arrangement would safely open profitable    foreign markets for U.S. software companies. The Internet,    he said, "was never intended as a place without police    officers. We need cops there, as we do elsewhere, to    protect people, to guard their rights."    The encryption codes available today are so powerful, Freeh    said, that it would take the FBI more than a year to decode    a single message in some cases. Ramzi Yousef, on trial in    New York on charges of plotting to bomb a dozen U.S.    airliners, used a laptop computer containing files the FBI    still hasn't been able to decode, he added.    Sponsors and industry officials noted, however, that many    of these devices are already available abroad, and anyone    can download them free from the Internet. They can also be    sold within the United States at local computer stores.    "The criminal element the administration is trying to    prevent from obtaining this technology already has it,"    said Roel Pieper, president of Tandem Computers Inc. "The    only ones who suffer as a result of this policy is the U.S.    industry."    Netscape Communications Corp. President Jim Barksdale    estimated his company will lose $40 million this year in    potential export sales for encryption products.    But a top official at the National Security Agency -- whose    job is to break secret codes -- said the encryption "genie    is not out of the bottle." NSA Deputy Director William    Crowell said encryption won't be widely used until it is    marketed and sold, with support to help people use it.    "The administration's proposal is not designed to keep the    plug in the bottle, but to help provide a full range of    trusted security services," Crowell said.    Industry executives also said use of the decoding keys    would be costly and raises questions about government    access to private business and personal information, such    as bank and medical records.    "Keys can be compromised in many ways. They can be stolen,    revealed by disgruntled employees or obtained through    bribery, Pieper said.    -----

@_date: 1996-07-28 03:43:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: COL_oss 
7-27-96. FiTi:    "Colossus faces rebirth into a world of dispute."       The man behind the resurrection of Colossus is Tony       Sale, a computer expert and former MI5 operative who       once worked for Peter Wright of "Spycatcher" fame. Its       reconstruction, now in its final weeks, is not merely an       act of homage to the mathematical supermen of Bletchley       who hastened the Allied victory over the Nazis. Neither       is it just a triumph over the official secrecy in which       the machine was cloaked until a few years ago. It is a       working demonstration of Sale's contention that Colossus       was the world's first computer.       So sophisticated was the machine intelligence at       Bletchley Park that the very existence of Colossus was       not revealed until 1970, according to Tony Sale. After       the war the government ordered 10 Colossi to be broken       up -- some say as part of an intelligence deal with the       Americans.       Gripped by a desire to assert the claims of Colossus,       the former MI5 man asked GCHQ to reinstate his security       clearance so he could work on the project. The parts       could be found in any British telephone exchange up to       the 1970s. Yet it took until 1992 to get all the       electronics declassified. Only last November was Sale       allowed to demonstrate the machine's ability to break       the Lorenz wheel settings. Even today members of the       public are forbidden to operate Colossus: some of its       codebreaking algorithms are still, it seems, a secret.    -----      (15 kb)    COL_oss

@_date: 1996-07-28 06:14:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WaPo on Crypto-Genie Terrorism 
The Washington Post, July 27, 1996, p. A22.    Speaking in Code on the Internet ... [Editorial]    The decibel level has been rising in the argument over how    much control the federal government should have over the    export of encryption technology. The Senate Commerce    Committee held hearings Thursday on a proposal dubbed    Pro-CODE (Promotion of Commerce On-line in the Digital Era)    that would lift current restrictions on exporting    encryption software above a certain level of complexity.    The move is opposed strongly by law enforcement and    national security authorities, who fear the consequences to    their tracking of terrorism or crime if uncrackable    cryptography becomes the global standard.    But encryption software -- which scrambles a person's    computer messages so no one can read them without a key --    also is thought by many in the computer industry to be the    missing piece that's preventing customers from a full-scale    move to the Internet for banking and other confidential    transactions, rather than, as now, worrying about the    security of their data. They also see it as a market in    which the United States maintains a comfortable lead, one    that is threatened if domestic encryption makers can't sell    their products elsewhere. The makers argue that foreign    encryption software will rush in to fill the gap, doing    nothing about the uncrackability problem -- indeed, making    it worse. The administration in turn is pursuing a wider    international agreement to maintain controls on cryptology    export by all the industrialized nations and has been    putting pressure on its colleagues in the Organization for    Economic Cooperation and Development, which will rule on    the matter in a Paris meeting in September.    Administration officials, including FBI chief Louis Freeh,    have been pushing for an alternative policy of "voluntary    key escrow" -- encryption makers would deposit a key to the    code with a neutral third body before exporting the    products and could then have access to the codes only by    court order, as happens now with wiretapping. Mr. Freeh,    testifying at Thursday's hearing in favor of an optional    key escrow plan, noted that the point is not to prevent all    copies of uncrackable code from going abroad --  that's    clearly impossible -- but to prevent such high-level code    from becoming the international standard, with architecture    and transmission channels all unreadable to world    authorities. To software companies and Internet users who    have been clamoring for the right to encrypt as securely as    possible, Mr. Freeh and others argue, "the genie is not yet    out of the bottle" on "robust," meaning uncrackable,    encryption.    It's far from obvious to anyone that an optional escrow    plan really can prevent the growth of inaccessible    transmissions by international terrorists or criminals.    Encryption, if widely used, could conceivably ease some    privacy problems concerning who gets to see personal and    financial data on individuals -- though such data usually    are vulnerable to being dug out of storage rather than    intercepted in transmission. But neither is it clear that    the encryption enthusiasts' desire for free development    should take precedence over the tracking of terrorism. At    the very least, Congress should be exceedingly cautious    about getting out ahead of administration concerns on    controls that, once lifted, are hardly reversible.    -----

@_date: 1996-07-28 10:28:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BCI_sys 
7-27-96. WaPo:    A report on the Army's Battlefield Combat Identification    System (BCIS), designed by TRW, which identifies friendly    targets through triple-checked microwave pulses, encrypted    signals that change frequencies 43 times a second to    resist jamming or detection by the enemy.    (The roasting of friendlies depicted in "Courage Under    Fire" is cited as firing increased public interest.)    -----      (14 kb)    BCI_sys

@_date: 1996-07-28 22:25:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: War of Words 
Financial Times, July 27/28, 1996, p. XVIII.    War of words over the facts    By Peter Aspden     It must be tough to return from a spell of duty as a war    correspondent to a gentle, civilised, country such as    Britain. One minute you are witnessing the most unspeakable    atrocities committed in the name of politics, religion or    just for the hell of it; the next, you are listening to    heated debate over the future of the rugby Five Nations    Championship. It does nothing for your sense of    perspective.    Martin Bell, who covered the Bosnian war with such    distinction for the BBC, left the stench of the Srebrenica    mass executions to breathe the irrelevant odours of    Euro-scepticism and National Lottery-mania over the media    airwaves. It shocked him to the core, as he revealed in a    recent speech: "I ask myself: is this my country? Is it    even my planet?"    Bell's exasperation has led him to question the model of    balanced, dispassionate, objective journalism which has    been the bedrock of BBC -- and indeed most serious    newspaper and broadcasting -- journalism. He now calls it    "bystander journalism". "What I believe in now is what I    prefer to call the journalism of attachment, a journalism    that cares as well as knows."    Predictably, this has set alarm bells ringing.    Traditionalists fussed over their hallowed dictum -- facts    are sacred, comment is free -- with scarcely a pause for    reflection. It is precisely when issues take on a tragic,    awful dimension, they argued, that one needs to stick to    the facts of the matter. There is no room for sentiment on    the front lines.    But Bell's point is well made. The trouble with facts, or    at least those which are given privilege by traditional    journalism, is that they are hard, cold, numbing. If, while    reporting on Srebrenica, one talks about diplomatic    initiatives, talks about talks, United Nations troop    movements, one soon loses one's audience.    It is a lesson which even academics, those ultimate    upholders of cool objectivity, have come to appreciate. I    remember the American philosopher Richard Rorty beginning    a lecture on human rights to Oxford University students    with a harrowing account of a Bosnian Moslem having his    penis bitten off. The atmosphere became electric, no mean    feat for the Sheldonian Theatre.    We probably would not hear of such incidents in a normal    news account from Bosnia; we certainly would not see    anything related to it, on grounds of poor taste. But the    sexual sadism which is a component of virtually every    ethnic cleansing campaign there has ever been is a fact,    too. Not a cold, hard fact, but one which has the power to    move people. Therein lies its strength.    It is not as if the media show any consistency here. On    certain occasions, they are only too willing to allow news    reports to emote. When we see an interview with a    distressed relative whose family has been wiped out or gone    missing, we are meant to feel for them. And the police    exploit that feeling: they hope that public compassion will    turn to solid leads. The facts here are heart-wrenching.    But, more importantly, they are facts with which we can    identify. It requires little imagination to see ourselves    in the wretched situation we watch on the small screen. We    know what it is like to lose a loved one, or we feel we    know. What we find difficult is to move from micro to    macro.    What happened at Srebrenica, like what happened at    Auschwitz and Belsen, is almost unimaginable. And faced    with the unimaginable, we go cold. This applies to news    reports as well as the self-defence mechanisms of our    fragile emotions. One cannot countenance sitting down after    dinner in front of the television to hear of such    brutalities, let alone see them.    But that is no excuse. The trouble with cold facts is that    they harden, while all the time we should be being    tenderised. And then we fall to that terrible disease of    fattened western sensibilities, "compassion fatigue".    We should listen to Martin Bell. He knows a thing or two    about human behaviour which most of us choose to exclude    from our worldview. We should have heard more from him on    the horrors of Bosnia, and less on the grotesquely    inadequate responses of our gentle, civilised countries as    they sought to respond to the unthinkable.    [End]

@_date: 1996-07-29 08:20:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto and Sec Files 
The Complete Internet Business Toolkit    By Winn Schwartau and Chris Goggans    Van Nostran Reinhold, New York, 1996    262 pp. Paper, with CD-ROM. $34.95    ISBN 0-442-02222-0    [Excerpt] The contents of this CD-ROM are copyrighted and    protected by United States copyright laws. The individual    programs included on the CD-ROM are copyrighted by the    authors or owners of those programs. To use any program,    you must follow the requirements as stated within any    licensing agreement included with that program. ...    You should also remember that some ofthe applications and    information included on this CD-ROM is forbidden to export    from the United States. Cryptographic algorithms and    programs using such algorithms are classified as munitions    by the United States government, and the penalties for    taking them out of the country are very harsh. For this    reason, DO NOT TAKE THE CD-ROM OUT OF THE UNITED STATES, OR    YOU MAY WIND UP IN JAIL.    [The Crypto and Secure directories of 22 directories]:    \TOOLKIT\CRYPTO\    ABSOLUTE EXE       310,509 02-20-96   5:39p    ANONMAIL ARJ        17,123 03-10-96   6:45p    BLIND-SE DOC         9,276 03-10-96   6:45p    BLOWFISH ZIP        18,981 03-19-93   3:53a    BLOWFS58 ZIP        62,698 03-10-96   7:08p    CHAIN    ZIP        22,300 03-10-96   6:45p    CPHANT   ZIP        40,448 03-10-96   6:46p    CRIPWIN2 ZIP        81,121 02-16-96   1:21p    CRYPT20  ZIP        62,143 03-10-96   7:08p    CRYPT201 ZIP     1,137,996 03-19-93   3:43a    CRYPTE1  ZIP        28,521 03-10-96   7:09p    CRYPTIC  ZIP       486,830 02-13-96   7:17p    CRYV120S ZIP       343,690 02-16-96   1:21p    DES      EXE        71,484 02-20-96   4:12p    DES3     ZIP       195,642 02-14-96   5:52p    DIGSIG   ZIP        63,394 02-16-96  12:02p    DOSBAT   ZIP         5,455 03-10-96   6:45p    EFW32U   ZIP       525,722 02-16-96   1:27p    ELIPT210 ZIP        61,786 03-10-96   7:00p    ENCRYP   ZIP       218,717 02-16-96   1:27p    ENCRYPT  ZIP        17,873 03-10-96   7:09p    ENIGMA21 EXE       196,189 02-20-96   6:02p    ENIGMA30 ZIP       449,132 02-20-96   6:03p    ENIGWIN1 EXE     1,019,818 02-20-96   6:06p    EXCRAK   ZIP       278,946 02-12-96   7:05p    HDSK41B  ZIP       263,869 03-10-96   6:42p    IDEA22A  ZIP         14,592 03-10-96  7:00p    IDEA3    ZIP         6,885 03-10-96   7:09p    KRYPTO11 ZIP        15,972 03-10-96   7:09p    MD5ASM32 ZIP         7,988 03-10-96   7:00p    MESS11B  ZIP        26,490 03-10-96   6:40p    MRRCIP   ZIP       148,569 02-20-96   6:18p    NAUT090  ZIP        53,356 03-10-96   6:47p    NAUT09OS ZIP       106,864 03-10-96   6:48p    NCRYPT31 ZIP        21,481 03-10-96   7:09p    NEWDES12 ZIP        30,295 03-10-96   7:09p    OTP-10   ZIP        83,559 03-10-96   7:01p    PASSGN50 ZIP       147,742 02-12-96   7:41p    PGP262   ZIP       282,786 03-20-96  12:40a    PGP262DC ZIP       167,102 03-20-96  12:41a    PGP262S  ZIP       658,945 03-20-96  12:44a    PGPCLIP  ZIP        52,020 02-13-96   7:14p    PGPFRONT ZIP        62,885 03-10-96   7:10p    PGPSHE33 ZIP       114,840 03-10-96   7:11p    PKCRACK  ZIP        25,374 03-10-96   6:56p    PUBKEYS  ZIP         7,118 03-10-96   6:45p    QPCRAK   ZIP       255,731 02-16-96   1:52p    R4DCRYPT ZIP        15,895 03-19-93   3:54a    RC4      ZIP           815 03-19-93   3:46a    SCRYPT3  ZIP        27,169 03-10-96   7:11p    SCYTAL13 ZIP       489,687 02-16-96   1:57p    SECDR13A ZIP        87,769 03-10-96   6:49p    SECDR13C ZIP       108,617 03-10-96   6:50p    SFS10TEX ZIP       293,319 03-10-96   7:12p    SFS110   ZIP       245,159 03-10-96   7:12p    SPLOK18  ZIP        10,394 02-16-96   1:58p    SPLOK95  ZIP        22,799 02-13-96   5:27p    SPLOKNT  ZIP        22,538 02-13-96   7:14p    STEGODOS ZIP        21,958 03-10-96   6:42p    TANGLE   ZIP        34,472 03-10-96   7:13p    TOMB100  ZIP        22,800 03-10-96   7:13p    UECRYP01 ZIP        15,774 03-10-96   7:13p    UNSSL    C          11,646 03-10-96   6:56p    VOUCH10  ZIP        89,257 03-10-96   7:13p    WDCRAK   ZIP       270,716 02-16-96  12:37p    WINCRACK ZIP       141,025 03-10-96   6:57p    WINPGP10 ZIP        23,739 02-16-96   2:10p    WINPGP26 ZIP       245,421 09-21-92  11:24p    WNS210   ZIP        84,102 03-10-96   6:42p    WPCRACK1 ZIP       146,717 02-16-96   2:13p    WPCRACKB ZIP         9,140 03-10-96   6:58p    WPCRAK   ZIP       181,848 02-16-96  12:31p    ZIPCRACK ZIP        83,005 01-29-96  12:05p    \TOOLKIT\SECURE\    BLANK20  ZIP        10,499 02-12-96   4:26p    CALLER1A ZIP     1,180,957 02-12-96   2:06p    CALLERID ZIP     1,278,664 02-16-96   1:19p    CID125   ZIP       478,908 02-16-96   1:20p    DMNPASS2 ZIP        41,742 02-16-96   1:21p    KEYAPP   EXE       135,168 02-19-96  10:58a    LOCK     ZIP        10,448 02-16-96   1:37p    LOCKSET  ZIP        12,138 02-12-96   4:27p    LOCKTT23 ZIP       233,259 02-16-96   1:38p    NOBLANK  ZIP        23,673 02-12-96   4:39p    PRGRD-22 ZIP       165,933 02-12-96   4:43p    RESTEASY ZIP        63,911 02-16-96   1:54p    S-TOOLS  ZIP       134,707 02-16-96  12:14p    SAFEPR   ZIP       331,502 02-16-96   1:56p    SECGP114 ZIP        31,548 02-16-96   1:57p    SECLAU   ZIP        42,057 02-16-96   1:58p    SECURE   ZIP        69,463 02-12-96   2:00p    SECURE10 ZIP        49,753 02-16-96   1:58p    SECWIZ   ZIP       184,984 02-12-96   2:00p    WINPAS11 ZIP        12,493 02-12-96   7:01p    WINSEC10 ZIP       317,974 02-12-96   7:02p    WINU202  ZIP       171,252 02-13-96   5:30p    WLOCK16U ZIP        19,324 02-12-96   7:02p    \TOOLKIT\SECURE\TEXT\    BIBLIO   ZIP        18,912 01-29-96  12:08p    CRC      ZIP        29,038 01-29-96  12:08p    FCVOL1   ZIP       155,958 01-29-96  12:09p    FCVOL2   ZIP       166,764 01-29-96  12:11p    GRNBOOK  ZIP       275,675 01-29-96  12:12p    IPEXT_PS ZIP        43,578 01-29-96  12:12p    ITAR9307 ZIP       205,226 01-29-96  12:12p    NCSCTG25 ZIP        20,682 01-29-96  12:12p    ORNGBOOK ZIP        94,112 01-29-96  12:12p    REDBOOK  ZIP        19,891 01-29-96  12:13p    SECURITY ZIP        51,123 01-29-96  12:13p    SEC BIBL ZIP        16,861 01-29-96  12:13p    SNR9501  ZIP        24,719 01-29-96  12:19p    SNR9503  ZIP        22,168 01-29-96  12:19p    SNR9504  ZIP        34,758 01-29-96  12:19p     TEMPEST  ZIP         6,868 01-29-96  12:13p    TOUR PS  ZIP        69,116 01-29-96  12:21p    UEBER    ZIP         4,100 01-29-96  12:13p    UNIX SEC ZIP         8,179 01-29-96  12:21p    WORM REP ZIP       111,782 01-29-96  12:21p    ----------    In accord with Schwartau's and Goggans's copyright and    export notifications, these files might be made available    to those who may not have access to the volume's CD-ROM.    Request a selection(s) by PGP msg and your thumbprint.

@_date: 1996-07-31 01:26:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Reno and G8 
AG Janet Reno is meeting today with G-8 ministers in Paris to discuss
anti-terrorism policies. Reports on those sessions from highly placed Euro
subscribers would be appreciated. If needed, faxes of articles may be sent to 212-799-4003, anonymity
assured. French, German or Spanish welcomed -- we've got translation
software to garble them in English.

@_date: 1996-07-31 08:00:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CPC_ode 
AmBank, July 29, 1996:       Technologists at banks with large overseas operations       have drawn encouragement from a National Research       Council report suggesting that businesses be allowed       stronger forms of data encryption. Although financial       transactions are generally exempt from encryption       restrictions, bankers advocate more freedom in the       market. They complain that government officials often       refuse their requests for international use of       applications with strong cryptography -- and give no       reasons for their decisions.    NiSaShi, July 23, 1996:       Japan ID Tech, an Osaka-based information technology       startup, has developed a system for encoding text as       graphical images that can be sent via fax over normal       communications transmission lines. The system consists       of software that converts text to a two-dimensional bar       code called a CP code, which is gaining popularity as a       next-generation coding system. The company's encoding       program also incorporates DES.    MiPa, July 29, 1996:       Patent: Method and system for key distribution and       authentication in a data communication network (IBM).       Inventors: Bjorklund, Ronald E.; Bauchot, Frederic;       Wetterwald, Michele M.; Kutten, Shay; Herzberg, Amir.     -----      (for 3, 11 kb)    CPC_ode

@_date: 1996-07-31 11:41:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Reuter on P8 Anti-Terrorism 
G7, Russia adopt anti-terror pact, avoid sanctions    Date: Tue, 30 Jul 1996 10:00:07 PDT    PARIS (Reuter) - The world's major powers closed ranks to     combat terrorism Tuesday, urging other nations to join    forces with them but sidestepping a dispute over U.S.    demands for sanctions against what Washington calls    "terrorist states."    Foreign and security ministers from the Group of Seven    industrial nations and Russia approved a list of 25    measures to defeat terrorists around the globe.    "We will not stop in this united effort until those    responsible are brought to justice," U.S. Attorney General    Janet Reno told a news conference after the five-hour    meeting of the so-called P8 nations -- P being for    political.    The package included pledges to reinforce police    cooperation and training, share intelligence, ease    extradition and legal assistance, dry up sources of funding    and weapons and strengthen national anti-terrorism    legislation.    The ministers also vowed to prevent extremists from using     the Internet computer network to plan attacks and spread     bomb-making instructions.    Participants heard Canadian Foreign Minister Lloyd Axworthy     recount how his 11-year-old son had shown him where to find    such content on the Internet.    French Foreign Minister Herve de Charette said the meeting    had achieved its two objectives, "to adopt concrete    measures and to send a very clear signal to the    international community and to public opinion that the    leaders of the P8 are strongly determined to act    shoulder-to-shoulder, hand-in-hand."    Under-Secretary of State Peter Tarnoff said the U.S.    delegation had not raised President Clinton's contentious    call for "strong sanctions" against four states he says    support terrorism -- Iran, Iraq, Libya and Sudan.    France, Japan, Britain and Germany all made clear they    would not accept U.S. legislation to punish foreign firms    that dealt with such countries.    "We did not discuss country-specific cases ... We recognize     the fact that some of legislation passed in the United    States recently has encountered opposition among our    trading partners," Tarnoff said.    French Interior Minister Jean-Louis Debre, who co-chaired     the meeting, said before it began: "The American analysis    is a bit simplistic and a bit outdated. If we look at the    phenomenon of terrorism today, we can see that it's more    complex."    He cited the bomb attack that killed two people and wounded     110 at the Atlanta Olympic Games last Saturday as evidence    of what he called "home-grown terrorism" without outside    help.    State-sponsored and extreme-left terrorism were largely a     thing of the past, and the international community now    faced two virulent new forms -- regionalist extremism and    religious militancy -- which did not have state support,    Debre said.    The United States offered extra proposals to tighten    airport security and mark explosives chemically so bombers    can be more easily traced, which the other countries    accepted.    Axworthy voiced widely shared alarm at the use of poison    gas in recent attacks in Japan, including on the Tokyo    subway.    "We are beginning to see terrifying signs of what the    future could hold if we don't take strong action.    Terrorists are now getting access to weapons of mass    destruction, chemical weapons, biological weapons, even    nuclear weapons," he said.    "It's (a threat) that really has a doomsday quality unless     we act now," he said.     The United States, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan    and Russia agreed that solving regional conflicts and    stabilizing crisis areas was the best way to tackle the    roots of terrorism.    "There must be no safe havens," German Foreign Minister    Klaus Kinkel said.    The ministers agreed their experts would hold follow-up    meetings to draft a new international convention to prevent    the abuse of political asylum to plan, fund or commit    terrorist acts and to coordinate security in public    transport.    Japan said it would hold an Asia-Pacific counter-terrorism     seminar by next June including Asian and Latin American    experts.    [End]

@_date: 1996-07-31 23:43:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Law and Veincheck 
---------- European Crypto Law information sources   Robert Horvitz (horvitzr at omri.cz)  Tue, 21 May 1996 13:22:59 +1GMT  Reply to aadamski at cc.uni.torun.pl (Andrzej Adamski) who said:   My name is Andrzej Adamski, I'm from Poland, Nicolas Copernicus University
. I would be very grateful for getting hints where to find  information on
the current EU encryption policy/ legislation.  What about present
developments in the area of the European  infrastructure of pubic (sic) key
look like?   ------------------------------------------------------------   Adam, the best place to start your research is at the "Cryptography in
Europe" website:    To see the wider context, visit the "Crypto Law Survey" website  created by
Bert-Jaap Koops in the Netherlands, at:    The EU and EC seem likely to cave in to pressure (blackmail?) from the
American  spy agencies and impose "back doors" on any  strong encryption package.
Unless Europeans stand up and insist that privacy of communication is an
essential human right.  =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-= Robert Horvitz, International Coordinator, OSI Internet Program Motokov
Building - Room 518, Na Strzi 63, 140 62 Praha 4, Czech Rep., tel 42 2
6114-2751, fax 6114-2750, email  horvitzr at omri.cz ---------- For more on cryptography and encryption, see the IPO search page at:        As an example, for artful use of crypto, see the "veincheck" proposal at:        Social Applications of Biometrics  Joe Rice (joerice at innotts.co.uk)  Tue, 26 Mar 1996 21:28:20 -0800   I would welcome some input to shape the following IT technology. The
technology is a physiological biometric based upon the detection and
comparison of subcutaneous blood vessels, essentially bar-code reading of

@_date: 1996-08-01 03:01:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: G7T_err 
Excerpts of four reports on the G7+1 antiterrorism meet in    Paris:    WSJ:       + Mass Transport: The International Civil Aviation       Organization will implement new standards for bomb       detection at domestic and international airports. The       eight nations will jointly develop standards for more       detailed and accurate passenger and cargo lists, as well       as new vehicle-identification tagging methods to make       car-bombing investigations easier, U.S. officials said.       + Information Sharing: The U.S Federal Bureau of       Investigation will lead an effort to develop an       international forensic database. The FBI offered to       share certain computer records with the other seven       countries.       + Wiretapping and Internet: The eight countries said       they would develop new lawful means to intercept       communications among terrorists. They agreed to study       how to prevent the Internet from becoming a tool for       planning and executing terrorist events.       + Explosives Tracing: The U.S. will share its research       on new technologies to trace the origin of explosive       devices U.S. officials said, and will push for       international use of such technologies if they are found       to be workable.       + Other Measures: Controlling trade in certain weapons       and chemicals financing of terrorist organizations and       forgery of travel documents also will be studied.    WaPo:       The 25-point plan calls for close cooperation in       formulating a range of security measures, including       tightened controls on firearms and explosives;       prevention of terrorist communications on the Internet;       improved bomb detection methods at airports; and       interdiction of terrorist groups' financial resources.       They also called for the expediting of extradition       procedures and faster exchanges of information on       terrorist activities, including any use of chemical,       biological or nuclear materials. Details on all 25       points were left for law enforcement and forensic       experts to work out, with deadlines for finalization of       specific measures set for 90 days to six months.    FiTi:       Among the measures agreed in Paris were an accelerated       programme of research designed to find ways to mark       explosives so their origin could be identified after a       blast; the development of ways to prevent terrorists       using electronic or wire communication systems,       including the Internet and tougher sentences. The       ministers also called for investigations into       organisations with social, charitable and cultural goals       which were abused by terrorists; restrictions on asylum-       seeking by those who had committed attacks or were       suspected of planning or funding them; and more       effective border controls and extradition procedures.    NYP:       The details were not all made public today, but the       measures the officials agreed to draft included devising       methods to monitor terrorist attempts to communicate       over the Internet; developing standards to make it       easier to trace the origin of explosives used in       terrorist bombs and cracking down domestically on the       manufacture, sale, transport and export of explosives       and firearms. ----------    For extensive background, links to related sites and latest    information on the G7 series of meetings see:        ----------    For today's four full reports:       (20 kb for 4)    G7T_err

@_date: 1996-08-01 04:14:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Geo-Politics 
Two articles today in WSJ and FiTi show an unpected link between
geo-technology and geo-politics: One reviews the explosives sniffing technology invented by geologist
Anthony Barringer for global mineral exploration -- like copper, luxury
metals and oil -- but which came to have more practical utility in the
antiterrorist market (the company's stock is rocketing). Even so, its best
use may prove to be in discovering petroleum and other wealth of the earth.
As this tech becomes more widespread, Shell has good reason to encrypt its
geological logs and steganographize its governmental bribes. And, a column reviews the tie between nationalist conflicts (markets for
cheap explosives) and the invention of modern states (markets for expensive
munitions). How the citizenry of modern nations are united by "the need for
context-free communication" that was once limited to the members of the
"high culture" of pre-modern communities. And how the nationalist citizenry
are adopting the cheap versions of expensive munitions of the states' high
culture to get their overdue share of the earth's pie. It explores the
geopolitical differences among: Ethnic community Ethnic category Nation Nation-state Nationalism -----  GEO_pol

@_date: 1996-08-01 06:31:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Lords Boost Robust Crypto 
A positive excerpt from UK's House of Lords's July 23 lengthy, thoughtful
report on the information society:  5.92 The US Government's restrictions on exporting software from the USA
which includes high levels of encryption is threatening to become a major
barrier to the development of the information Superhighways, which is in
no-one's interests. The Government must join with other EU Member States in
putting pressure on the USA to relax its restrictions on the export of
encryption technology. Thanks to Mark Gould on Cyberia-L, see the full report at:  INFORMATION SOCIETY: AGENDA FOR ACTION IN THE UK

@_date: 1996-06-01 21:45:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on NRC Report 
The New York Times, May 31, 1996, p. D2.    White House Challenged on Data Security    By John Markoff    The United States Government should immediately relax    export controls on electronic data coding products and    allow the computer, software and telecommunications    industries to set data security standards, a new report    urged yesterday.    The report, commissioned by Congress and prepared for the    National Research Council of the National Academy of    Sciences, stands in direct opposition to existing Clinton    Administration proposals for data security standards and    for linking the relaxation of export controls to the    adoption of such standards. The report calls for the    widespread commercial adoption of technologies used to    prevent illegal wiretapping of computer data, telephone,    cellular and other wireless communications. The National    Research Council provides science and technology advice    under a Congressional charter.    The report also states that despite creating potential    problems for law enforcement agencies by making it easier    for criminals to shield their communications from    Government wiretappers, cryptography would also help    prevent crime by sheltering communications and electronic    transactions from the prying eyes of electronic    interlopers.    "Without information security, computer crime in this    country will rise very rapidly," said Kenneth W. Dam, the    chairman of the panel that prepared the report. Mr. Dam,    Deputy Secretary of State during the Reagan Administration,    is also professor of American and foreign law at the    University of Chicago.    The report, industry executives said, is likely to become    a key weapon in the battle between the Federal Government    and industry and civil liberties groups.    "It echoes things we have been saying for some time," said    Jim Bidzos, chief executive of RSA Data Security Inc., a    developer of computer security software. "The next    battleground is going to be Capitol Hill because the    Administration isn't going to give up easily."    In particular, the report takes issue with Administration    efforts to force the use of data-scrambling systems using    "escrowed" keys that would let law enforcement and    intelligence agencies use built-in backdoors to read coded    information.    Cryptography, once used only by spies and the military, has    become an increasingly vital technology for insuring    security in electronic commerce and personal privacy. It    relies on the use of mathematical formulas to scramble    electronic information so that it cannot be read without    the proper digital "key."    Key escrow systems like those proposed by the    Administration in its Clipper chip program would split the    key and have trusted third parties like the Treasury    Department hold parts of it, making it possible for law    enforcement agencies to generate keys without consulting    the sources of the data.    As recently as two weeks ago, the Administration was    pushing for key escrow coding approaches to data    scrambling. A draft White.House policy paper has proposed    linking relaxation of export controls to systems that    included key escrowing. The recent paper also indicated    that the Government was willing to accept "self-escrow"    systems for some large corporations that would allow them    to to hold all parts of the keys.    Critics of key escrow management technology note that it    can be abused by agencies that wish to exceed their    surveillance authority and that the technology is    vulnerable to a single point of failure. If a so-called    master key is stolen, they say, the entire coding system    can be compromised.    Because strong cryptography would complicate the mission of    United States intelligence agencies, the Federal Government    currently places tight controls on the export of software    and hardware that offer stronger cryptographic protection    than 40-bit keys. Such keys are made up of a binary number    that is 40 digits long. Computer experts have shown that    40-bit keys are vulnerable to attacks.    The report released yesterday, "Cryptography's Role in    Securing the Information Society," calls for dropping stiff    export controls on products that use the Data Encryption    Standard, which relies on a 56-bit key and offers stronger    protection against computerized attacks than a 40-bit key.    [End]

@_date: 1996-06-02 03:32:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NRC Report, 7, 8 
Part III   Policy Options, Findings and Recommendations    Chapter 7  Policy Options for the Future         (124 kb)    Chapter 8  Synthesis, Findings and Recommendations         (134 kb)    ----------    14 (quite meaty) Appendices later today.

@_date: 1996-06-02 10:12:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSCP, PRZ Hit NRC Crypto Rec 
Netscape (WSJ) and PRZ (Globe) say the NRC crypto    export recommendations don't go far enough.    ----------    Wall Street Journal, May 31, 1996, p. B5.    U.S. Strategy Should Promote Computer Codes       Panel Says a Free Market Is Best Policy, Urges Easing of       Export Curbs    By John J. Fialka    Washington -- The federal government should promote rather    than discourage widespread commercial use of powerful codes    that can protect electronic communications, a panel    sponsored by the National Research Council recommended.    The government also should relax its export controls on    such codes, according to the 16-member panel, which    included a mix of business, academic and government    experts. The NRC is an affiliate of the National Academy of    Sciences, a private, nonprofit organization that advises    the government on scientific matters.    Encryption coding software scrambles computer data by using    mathematical formulas that can't be read if intercepted.    Only personnel with the correct "keys" can access the data.    More Study Needed    The NRC study, which took 18 months to complete, calls for    greater trust in freemarket demands for protection and less    reliance on the U.S. National Security Agency and the    Federal Bureau of Investigation to set the nation's code    policy. It said the two agencies' recent promotion of    "escrowed encryption," in which the government would hold    a mathematical key to unlock codes, requires further study    because it poses liability risks and introduces weakness    into information protection systems.    Kenneth W. Dam, a University of Chicago law professor who    headed the panel, said changes are needed to counter "an    explosion of computer-based crime" and other forms of    espionage that threaten U.S. companies' ability to protect    proprietary information, especially overseas.    By promoting the use of more-elaborate codes, U.S.    law-enforcement agencies would be better prepared to ward    off hacker or terrorist attacks on the nation's electric    power grid, banking and telecommunications systems and its    air-traffic control networks, he added.    Potential Problems    Mr Dam said the widespread use of encryption by private    business is "inevitable" and the government must "recognize    this changing reality."    The report noted that the FBI has argued for years that its    law-enforcement efforts would be hampered if drug cartels    and other organized criminals began using codes that    couldn't be deciphered. Courtordered wiretaps, a major tool    used to break organized-crime cases, could become useless,    the FBI has contended.    Edward Schmults, general counsel for GTE Corp. and a former    deputy attorney general during the Reagan administration,    said he and other panel members believe the FBI and other    law-enforcement agencies would be helped more than hurt if    legitimate businesses were better protected. "It's a    balancing issue," he said.    Spokesmen for the FBI and NSA referred questions to the    White House, where an official said the Clinton    administration disagrees with the panel's recommendation to    relax export controls and wants to continue to explore the    use of escrows by private industry to keep the keys to    powerful codes. "We have equities to protect that the    people who wrote the NRC report do not," he said.    The administration, he said, still wants to review the    export of more powerful codes on a case-by-case basis. The    use of private, third-party escrows, he said, might be one    way to protect the secrecy of companies while allowing    federal agents with court orders access to code keys.    New Markets Would Open    The panel called for the U.S. to permit the export of codes    containing a "56-bit" Data Encryption Standard algorithm.    The algorithm, or formula, was developed by the National    Bureau of Standards in 1975 and is 65,000 times tougher to    break than current "40-bit" codes that are permitted for    unlicensed exports.    The panel estimated its recommendations would open up new    markets for information security products, possibly    increasing software-industry revenue "many tens of billions    of dollars." Until now, export controls tended to set    industry standards for a level of protection because    companies were reluctant to use different systems for    domestic and international applications.    Jeffrey Treuhaft, director of security at Internet software    giant Netscape Communications Corp., welcomed the report,    but said exports shouldn't be limited to 56-bit keys. That    would still blunt the competitive edge of U.S. software    vendors, given that code-cracking computer power is    multiplying, he said.    "The U.S. has a lead right now and these arcane policies    from the Cold War are giving U.S. industry cement shoes to    compete with foreign competitors," Mr. Treuhaft said. "We    can't run as fast as they ean."    - Jared Sandberg in New York contributed to this article.    [End] ----------    The Boston Globe, May 31, 1996, p. 36    Panel criticizes US government's encryption stand       'Net, cell phone security at stake, National Research       Center says    By Hiawatha Bray    The Clinton administration's efforts to limit the sale of    software that generates coded messages, already unfire from    Congress and civil libertarians, is now facing criticism    from a committee of the National Academy Sciences.    The National Research Center, which gives science and    technology advice under a congressional charter, yesterday    said the government should promote the commercial use of    encryption software to help cut down on the theft of    computer data and other electronic communications.    Law enforcement officials and intelligence agencies are    worried about the development of cheap encryption grams,    for fear it could become impossible to intercept a    mobster's telephone call or read an enemy spy's electronic    mail messages.    But the center's report says that encryption software is    essential for businesses and individuals who need to    transmit confidential data using the Internet or cellular    telephones.    "On balance, the advantages of more widespread use of    cryptography outweigh the disadvantages," the report says.    Encrypted messages can easily be read by someone with the    correct code "key." Without this key, it can take centuries    of computer analysis to decode a message. The longer the    key, the tougher it is to break the code.    Under current federal law, US companies cannot export    encryption programs that use keys longer than 40 bits.    Computer experts say that 40-bit encryption systems are    easy to break, and provide little security.    As a result, many software companies that sell their    products worldwide do not build in sophisticated encryption    features. Industry experts say that this costs them    millions of dollars in sales, as customers in foreign    countries buy encryption software made outside the United    States.    The report urges a change in the federal law, to allow sale    of an encryption system called DES that uses 56-bit keys.    "Except in some very specialized situations, it gives    adequate security," said council chairman Kenneth Dam, a    law professor at the University of Chicago.    The report also urges the administration to abandon efforts    to force businesses and individuals to use "key escrowed"    encryption software. Under this plan, companies could use    encryption, keys of any length, but only if the keys were    held in escrow, and could be made available to the    government.    The council urges the federal government to adopt key    escrow to prove that the system is trustworthy. The report    argues that many businesses will voluntarily adopt such a    plan to guard against the loss of its encryption keys.    A prominent critic of encryption policy was less than    thrilled by-the council report. "It doesn't go far enough,"    said Philip Zimmermann, inventor of the Pretty Good Privacy    encryption program.    Zimmermann scoffed at the idea that DES encryption is    secure enough for use by businesses. "It can be broken in    seconds by the NSA [National Security Agency]," Zimmermann    said. "All major governments can break DES. In fact, any    Fortune 500 company can afford a machine that can break    DES."    But even if DES were secure enough, Zimmermann said he    opposes any restrictions on the export of encryption    software.    [End]

@_date: 1996-06-02 12:20:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NRC Report, Appendices 
Appendices A-D:         (187 kb)    With images of Tables D.1 and D.2 for Appendix D:         (101 kb)         (118 kb)    Appendices E-N:         (199 kb)    ----------    Thanks to DN.    ----------                          APPENDICES    A  Contributors to the NRC Project on National Cryptography       Policy    B  Glossary    C  A Brief Primer on Cryptography    D  An Overview of Electronic Surveillance: History and       Current Status    E  A Brief History of Cryptography Policy    F  A Brief Primer on Intelligence    G  The International Scope of Cryptography Policy    H  Summary of Important Requirements for a Public-Key       Infrastructure    I  Industry-Specific Dimensions of Security    J  Examples of Risks Posed by Unprotected Information    K  Cryptographic Applications Programming Interfaces    L  Laws, Regulations, and Documents Relevant to       Cryptography    M  Other Looming Issues Related to Cryptography Policy    N  Federal Information Processing Standards

@_date: 1996-06-03 09:50:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Class III InfoWar: TST Article 
This is the article Winn Schwartau cited to last night: ----------    The Sunday Times (London), June 2, 1996, pp. 1, 24.    City surrenders to L400m gangs [Insight column]    City of London financial institutions have paid huge sums    to international gangs of sophisticated "cyber terrorists"    who have amassed up to L400m worldwide by threatening to    wipe out computer systems.    Banks, broking firms and investment houses in America have    also secretly paid ransom to prevent costly computer    meltdown and a collapse in confidence among their    customers, according to sources in Whitehall and    Washington.    An Insight investigation has established that British and    American agencies are examining more than 40 "attacks" on    financial institutions in London and New York since 1993.    Victims have paid up to L13m a time after the blackmailers    demonstrated their ability to bnng trading to a halt using    advanced "information warfare" techniques learnt from the    military.    According to the American National Security Agency (NSA),    they have penetrated computer systems using "logic bombs"    (coded devices that can be remotely detonated),    electromagnetic pulses and "high emission radio frequency    guns", which blow a devastating electronic "wind" through    a computer system.    They have also left encrypted threats at the highest    security levels, reading: "Now do you believe we can    destroy your computers?"    The authorities have been unable to stem the attacks, which    are thought to onginate from the United States. In most    cases, victim banks have failed to notify the police. "They    have given in to blackmail rather than risk a collapse in    confidence in their security systems," said a security    director at one blue-chip merchant bank in the City.    A senior detective in the City of London police said: "We    are aware of the extortion methods, but the banking    community has ways of dealing with it and rarely reports to    the police."    European and American police forces have set up special    units to tackle the cyber criminals, who, Ministry of    Defence sources believe, have netted between L200m and    L400m globally over the past three years. But law    enforcement agencies complain that senior financiers have    closed ranks and are hindering inquiries.    Experts in the field of information warfare met in Brussels    last month to discuss defensive measures. Representatives    included Captain Patrick Tyrrell, assistant director of    computer information strategy at the Ministry of Defence;    General James McCarthy, professor of national security at    the US Air Force Academy; General Jean Pichot-Duclos,    director of the economic intelligence department of the    French Defence Council, and senior figures from the    civilian computer industries.    A separate closed meeting involving representatives from    Whitehall and the intelligence community was held to    analyse the 40 attacks on British and American financial    centres since 1993. A further secret seminar took place in    Washington this weekend.    Kroll Associates, the international investigating firm,    confirmed last week that it had acted for financial    institutions that have been blackmailed. "One of the    problems we face is that the potential embarrassment from    loss of face is very senous," said a spokesman in New York.    Kroll had evidence that firms in London and New York had    been targeted. "The problem for law enforcement is that the    crime is carried out globally, but law enforcement stops at    the frontier," he said.    Yesterday a Bank of England spokesman acknowleged the    threat from the extortionists: "We are aware of this. It    does exist. It is extortion and fraud." But the spokesman    also insisted: "It is not the biggest issue in the banking    market."    Scotland Yard is now taking part in a Europe-wide    initiative to catch the cyber criminals and has appointed    a senior detective from its computer crime unit to take    part in an operation codenamed Lathe Gambit. Such is the    secrecy that few details about the inquiry have emerged.    In America, the FBI has set up three separate units to    investigate computer extortion.    The NSA believes there are four cyber gangs and has    evidence that at least one is based in Russia. The agency    is now examining four examples of blackmail said to have    occurred in London:    + January 6, 1993: Trading halted at a broking house after    blackmail threat and computer crash. Ransom of L10m paid to    account in Zurich.    + January 14, 1993: a blue-chip bank paid L12.5m after    blackmail threats.    + January 29, 1993: a broking house paid L10m in ransom    after similar threats.    + March 17, 1995: a defence firm paid L10m in ransom.    In all four incidents, the gangs made threats to senior    directors and demonstrated that they had the capacity to    crash a computer system. Each victim conceded to the    blackmailers' demands within hours and tranferred the money    to offshore bank accounts, from which it was removed by the    gangs within minutes.    The techniques have varied. In London, criminals posing as    marketing firms have gained detailed knowledge of a    target's system by interviewing the heads of information    technology departments. In some cases, they have even    issued questionnaires to unsuspecting officials. Armed with    this information, they have been able to breach security    and leave encrypted messages warning of their capability.    The gangs are believed to have gained expertise in    information warfare techniques from the American military,    which is developing "weapons" that can disable or destroy    computer hardware. Some are also known to have infiltrated    banks simply by placing saboteurs on their payroll as    temporary staff.    Little is yet known about the identities of the gangs but,    according to the NSA, America is the main source of the    attacks. It believes that at least one other group    originates from Russia and has followed the movement of    money to the former Soviet states.    A spokesman for the Metropoiitan poiice said: "There is    potential for extortion from those purporting to know how    to damage computer systems.    "The computer crime unit liaises where necessary with its    Euro counterparts to discuss cross-frontier crimes."    One merchant bank director said yesterday: "You will never    get a financial institution to admit it has an extortion    policy, let alone that it has paid money to blackmailers."    -----    Additional reporting: Peter Warren    [End]

@_date: 1996-06-03 13:12:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NRC Session Hiss 
During the Q&A of the NRC public session, it was asked why    56-bit DES was selected as the standard of export over    other widely distributed programs such as PGP.    The panelists seemed to me uneasy in answering this.    Primarily their view was that DES was "ubquitious," well-    known and tested by use.    However, when pressed by later questioners on this topic,    they expanded their view: that if another, stronger,    program became "ubiquitous" -- in wide use -- they would    support it as the standard of export. When it was pointed    out that PGP now fit this definition, the panel merely    repeated the statement about ubiquity without specifically    affirming or denying the PGP claim. Their poker faces    seemed uniformly in place to dampen a potential    inflammatory topic.    Perhaps other attendees will amplify this odd demeanor, but    it seems to me that the panel was attempting to avoid    commenting one way or the other on PGP's worldwide ubiquity    for unstated reasons.    I wonder if this was a nudge to the audience that the    informal spread of unapproved encryption is the best way to    establish its ubiquity and thereby to set a new standard    for export, sort of under the noses of the authorities --    as if PGP was exemplary.    Recall that this fits the Clinton administration's way of    getting around the Croatian arms embargo -- the "no    position" position of sidestepping legality.    Also, I wonder if the panel wants avoid an open conflict    with the administration, the LEAs and the security agencies    about PGP. (Or do they know something about PGP that we    don't know, or have been led to think they do?)    Peter Neumann had pointed out earlier that crypto was going    to be ubiquitous, and fairly soon, no matter what. He noted    that it is the NRC's recommendation that LEAs take the    "long-term, pro-active" view about this and get on with    developing other technologies, and training personnel in    them, to fight computer crime -- like traffic analysis,    packet trace, etc. -- and to accept that prohibiting and    cracking crypto is not effective. (This may have been    diversionary, but he seemed sincere.)    Perhaps the panel is agreeing the crypto genie is out of    the bottle, and are advising the authorities to recognize    that stronger and stronger crypto is going to become    ubiquitous, and it's time to move on to other, presumably    less ubiquitious, cyber-crime fighting technolgies.    Perhaps the committee was briefed on these technolgies, or    maybe some members are even developing them -- Mr. Neumann,    for example, in conjunction with Ms. Denning, et al.    Those who plan to attend the June 6 session might want to    pursue the "no position" position about PGP's ubiquity, and    why. Diversionary sop, say, to cover the promotion of non-    crypto invasion of privacy.    Further, it would be helpful to learn more about what the    the committee members were told about "long-term" cyber-    surveillance technologies in the pipeline.    What bothered me more than anything else about the session    was that individual privacy got such short shrift by    panelists and by the audience.  While there was a bit of    discussion on personal privacy protection, government and    business, and their mutual back-scratching, seemed to the    the primary focus.    Pretty Lousy Privacy appears to be in the works, judging    from what was not disclosed in the session (and in the    report) about two 800-pounders working in concert at    citizen data gathering, mining, selling, controlling,    dominating -- at the expense of individual privacy, and,    shout it, liberty.    Peter Neumann got to me when he described the "downside" of    anonymity, encryption and security: how can we know who are    the criminals if we don't for sure who is who and know for    sure who is doing what? Not a single panelist disagreed    with his statement about this, but then I heard only a few    snorts from the criminal-fraught-fed audience.    I kept mum. Jesus, who knows who was recording every    titter and hiss -- besides anonymous beside me and me.

@_date: 1996-06-03 22:41:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PRY_ing 
6-3-96. NYP:    "As privacy grows scarcer on the Internet, people finally    start to take notice." Denise Caruso column.       Tomorrow, the Federal Trade Commission's Bureau of       Consumer Protection is sponsoring a public workshop in       Washington called "Consumer Privacy on the Global       Information Infrastructure." The F.T.C.'s intention is       to find out how much consumers and the industry really       know about critical privacy issues created by what it       calls "the emerging on-line marketplace," and to look at       various ways to protect personal data.       Privacy on data networks is a complex issue. It includes       thorny questions about anonymity -- who should be       allowed to be anonymous in network interactions, and       under what circumstances -- and the red-hot debate over       digital encryption, which can protect private       communication and transactions from all prying eyes,       including the Government's.    PRY_ing

@_date: 1996-06-04 02:23:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Newsweek on Crypto 
Newsweek, June 10, 1996, pp. 49-55.    Scared Bitless       The arcane world of cryptography used to be the       exclusive realm of spies. Now it's everybody's business       -- to the chagrin of the government.    By Steven Levy       [Photo] Loosen up: Sen. Conrad Burns says the United       States should ease the export rules on crypto software    On the face of it, the issue of cryptography -- the    technology that employs secret codes to protect information    -- seems more suited to math class than "The McLaughlin    Group." Yet this once esoteric subject has wound up in the    center of a Beltway controversy, complete with    congressional infighting, lobbyists, entrenched government    agencies, blue-ribbon reports and even a bit of    presidential politics. This sudden spotlight on what was    previously the domain of deep-black spy stuff turns out to    be a good thing, because in the Information Age crypto    policy is more than an abstraction: it could provide the    difference between security and vulnerability, or even    between life and death. Unfortunately, choosing the right    policy is not a given, and there the controversy lies.    Here's the problem: we're increasingly entrusting    information to computers -- everything from confidential    medical records to business plans to money itself. But how    can we provide security so that these data will be    protected from eavesdroppers, thieves and saboteurs? The    answer hinges on cryptography. By scrambling the    information into digital codes, it allows only those    entrusted with the keys to decipher those files to see    them. Some hot-shot cryptographers have developed systems    that can provide all of us with unprecedented security,    automatically coding and decoding in such a way that we    won't have to know it's there. (We can even have our phone    calls encoded something Prince Charles might have    appreciated.) Silicon Valley would love to set such a    system in motion. It not only would generate revenues, but    would also address the main problem that's keeping the    Internet from fulfilling its potential as a center of    commerce: security.    Problem solved? Not quite. Law-enforcement and    national-security agencies view this prospect with dread.    Legal eavesdroppers, like FBI wiretappers and National    Security Agency snoopers, couldn't make sense of    intercepted transmissions. They warn that we could miss    indications of a terrorist act, like a nuke smuggled into    Manhattan. In addition, drug dealers, child pornographers    and garden-variety thugs could mask their activities with    a mere mouse click.    Even before the Clinton administration took office, the NSA    and FBI presented those nightmare scenarios to the    transition team. The Clintonites were scared bitless. They    vowed to make sure that the worst didn't happen. They    understood that cryptography should be put to general use    -- but only if it were altered in such a way that the    government could, if necessary, get access to secret    messages, using a new technology known as "key escrow." The    best-known of those schemes was the ill-fated Clipper Chip,    and subsequent systems haven't caught on. (Yet another was    presented two weeks ago.) Until then they would maintain    the strict export controls that treat crypto software as    powerful munitions. That's right -- Uncle Sam regards that    copy of Netscape you downloaded as sort of a Stinger    missile.    But now the government position of slowing down the flow of    crypto is under increasing attack. Software companies    complain that regulations cost them money and hold down    innovation. Privacy groups complain that the controls reek    of Orwell's "1984." Congress is demanding changes. Bob Dole    wants to make it an issue. And on Thursday came what Sen.    Conrad Burns, a Montana Republican, called "the nail in the    coffin" of the Clinton crypto policy: a report by the    National Research Council that clearly rebukes the    administration's position. Despite the Clinton-Gore attempt    to protect us against the abuse of cryptography, says the    Congress-commissioned report, our safety is at risk --    because the lack of cryptography has weakened our security.    Under particular attack are the regulations that limit the    strength of exported software like IBM's Lotus Notes,    mostly by mandating that the keys that encode and decipher    the information not exceed 40 bits (the longer the key, the    stronger the protection). Often, domestic users have to    settle for this crippled crypto: since software companies    are loath to release two versions of their products, they    simply choose to offer the weaker, approved-for-export    version.    Meanwhile, foreign companies have no such restrictions, and    U.S. companies maintain they are losing sales. Congress has    taken up their case; bills introduced by Sen. Patrick    Leahy, Rep. Bob Goodlatte and Burns all would relax the    export rules. "These bills are pro-privacy, pro-jobs and    pro-business," says Leahy. While prospects for passage are    slim, the fact that a sizable number of legislators are    defying intelligence and law-enforcement agencies is itself    significant.    Crypto policy is even finding its way into the presidential    campaign. On a visit to Silicon Valley, Bob Dole was    alerted to the problem by Netscape CEO Jim Barksdale. He    also saw a chance to chip away at Clinton's support in the    high-tech world. Dole not only cosponsored the Senate bills    but issued a neo-cypherpunk statement charging that "the    administration's big brother proposal will literally    destroy America's computer industry."    The NRC report, entitled "Cryptography's Role in Securing    the Information Society," stands as the most serious    challenge to current policy. It is drenched in credibility:    its 16 authors include former attorney general Benjamin    Civiletti, onetime NSA deputy director Ann Caracristi,    privacy expert Willis Ware and cryptographer Martin    Hellman. The panel was briefed by all sides of the issue,    including some classified sessions with government    officials. Despite the group's diversity, it reached    consensus: "Widespread commercial and private use of    cryptography is inevitable in the long run and ... its    advantages, on balance, outweigh its disadvantages."    The NRC made some specific recommendations. The government    should stop building a system around the umproven    Clipper-style technology. The export regulations should be    relaxed, specifically permitting free export of the    well-tested Data Encryption Standard, which uses a 56-bit    key. (While some argue for even bigger keys, this is a    significant jump. The increase in key size alone means that    theoretically it will be more than 65,000 times harder to    crack a code.) Perhaps the strongest rebuke came with the    rejection of the "if you only knew" defense. The committee    concluded that informed decisions on crypto could be made    without access to classified material.    If the NRC advice was followed, would criminals hide    nefarious activities behind a digital wall of gibberish?    Quite possibly, admits the committee -- but without action    to promote crypto, we are increasingly dependent on a    computer-controlled world with insufficient protection.    "We're encouraging a world that supports greater    confidentiality -- but we think it's worth the risk," says    panelist Ray Ozzie, creator of IBM's Lotus Notes. The    committee cited security breaches like the recent raid on    Citicorp by Russian hackers, and warned that without    crypto, we are more vulnerable to "information warfare"    threats -- endangering operations like the    air-traffic-control system.    The government's response? "We do care about the security    of information, but we need to do it in a way that does not    diminish law enforcement," says an administration official.    "People writing academic reports can take chances. But when    you are the policeman, you have to err on the side of    protecting people."    The question is, which approach provides the most    protection? The NRC report undercuts the government's    position at a time when many were already beginning to    question it. On May 21, 11 senators sat down in a bugproof    room for a classified briefing, presumably designed to make    them rethink their proposals. But, said Leahy, "no one    seemed to change their mind." Looks like they've cracked    the code.    [Two photos] 'Pro-privacy, pro-jobs, pro-business': Sen.    Patrick Leahy (right) and Lotus Notes creator Ray Ozzie    think strong codes will make a stronger economy    _________________________________________________________    [Box]    Sending Messages In Private    Cryptography makes it possible to turn intelligible words    into a hodgepodge of letters, numbers and symbols, keeping    them out of the hands of cybersnoops.    [Illustration: computer  > key > encrypted message > key >    computer.]    To send a private message through a network, a cryptography    program is used to "lock" the message -- making it    unreadable to anyone who intercepts it.    The program generates a secret, digital key when it    scrambles the message. The receiver then uses the key to    translate the message back into plain text.    _________________________________________________________    [End]    Thanks to SL and Newsweek.

@_date: 1996-06-04 23:50:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on NTT/RSA Chips 
Connecting Declan's three dots [...]:    The New York Times, June 4, 1996, pp. D1, D4.    Japanese Chips May Scramble U.S. Export Ban    By John Markoff    Washington, June 3 -- The Nippon Telegraph and Telephone    Corporation has quietly begun selling a powerful data-    scrambling chip set that is likely to undermine the Clinton    Administration's efforts to restrict the export of the    fundamental technology for protecting secrets and commerce    in the information age.    The existence of the two-chip set, which will have broad    potential application for local computer networks, the    Internet and telephone switching networks, was disclosed    here in a speech today at a public policy workshop by the    chief executive of RSA Data Security, a Silicon    Valley-based company that has frequently dueled with the    Administration over its export-control policies.    The executive, Jim Bidzos, said that his company was    negotiating with N.T.T., the giant telecommunications    concern, to resell the chips in the United States. Mr.    Bidzos also said that N.T.T. had already made sales in 15    countries, including in the United States to I.B.M.    "N.T.T. has done a lot of research and development work on    this product" he said. "There is clearly going to be a lot    of demand for their chips."    An executive at NTT America said that although there were    no restrictions on the export of cryptographic hardware or    software from Japan, his company was still anxious to    obtain software from RSA Data to use in its chips. That    software is still controlled by United States export law,    he said.    "We'd like to use this technology," said Junichi Kishigami,    director of NTT America, which is based in Mountain View,    Calif. "It is important to employ good international    standards."    Mr. Bidzos has been a vocal and longtime opponent of United    States export laws that prohibit the sale, without a    special license, of products that have powerful    data-scrambling capabilities. The Government's policy is    directed at limiting the spread of systems that could make    it more difficult for American intelligence and    law-enforcement agencies to conduct electronic    surveillance.    Such restrictions have been bitterly opposed in recent    years by American computer and telecommunications    companies; they have argued that the technology is already    widely available internationally and that manufacturers and    software developers in the United States are in danger of    losing markets to foreign competitors. The N.T.T.    technology would seem to support those contentions.    "The United States export controls are at risk from    Japanese competition," said Stewart Baker, a Washington    lawyer who is the former general counsel for the National    Security Agency.    The N.T.T. device also underscores fundamental differences    that exist between Japan and the United States on the issue    of privacy in the information age.    While United States officials have struggled to maintain    their ability to conduct electronic surveillance, Article    21 of Japan's Constitution specifically forbids    wiretapping.    "It's very interesting that the Japanese regard for privacy    in their Constitution translates into better cryptographic    technology," said Marc Rotenberg, director of the    Electronic Privacy Information Center, a Washington public    policy group and an organizer of today's workshop on data    scrambling.    Mr. Bidzos said that N.T.T.'s chips, which have been    developed and manufactured by a subsidiary, N.T.T.    Electronic Labs, were far more powerful than the so-called    Clipper chip, a data-scrambling system that the Clinton    Administration proposed for the nation's telephone system.    While the Clipper system has a built-in "back door"    intended to permit the F.B.I. to gain wiretap information,    the N.T.T. system has no such surveillance feature, It also    uses much stronger data-encryption algorithms than United    States export laws permit.    Those laws restrict the export of encryption systems which    employ digital "keys" of more than 40 bits in length. The    new N.T.T chips, however, are based on the United States    data encryption standard, which has a 56-bit key, and    actually triples the strength of that standard. Such a    scrambling system is believed to be beyond the capability    of the most powerful code-breaking system.    In addition to the "private" key system for scrambling    data, N.T.T. uses RSA Data's "public" key method to permit    computer users who have not previously exchanged    information to swap-private key information safely. The    N.T.T. system uses the RSA Data key, which is 1,024 bits in    length, also far stronger than the United States export    regulations permit.    "If there is anyone in the Government who hasn't already    seen the writing on the wall, here it is," Mr. Bidzos said.    He said that RSA Data had set up a small subsidiary in    Japan last year and that he was now negotiating with N.T.T.    to make a minority investment in that subsidiary in    exchange for N.T.T.'s gaining access to the RSA Data public    key technology.    The N.T.T. technology is at least partly the result of an    initiative by Japan's Ministry of International Trade and    Industry, which 18 months ago made a $120 million national    commitment to develop products to facilitate electronic    commerce.    "This is a major business opportunity that the Japanese see    clearly," said Deborah Hurley, an official at the    Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, the    Paris-based international group.    RSA Data was acquired in April by Security Dynamics    Technologies Inc., a computer security company based in    Cambridge, Mass., in a stock deal valued at $250 million.    Mr. Bidzos said that the two companies had continued to    operate relatively independently.    [End]

@_date: 1996-06-05 08:23:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: (Fwd) Crypto conference 
I was at EPIC's annual crypto conference yesterday, and just thought I'd pass along my impressions. It was, as always, extremely interesting; EPIC does a terrific job at these things of getting a very diverse and
thoughtful collection of people with interests in crypto policy into the room
together, everyone from Whit Diffie and Phil Zimmermann and Eric Hughes to Scott Charney of DOJ and Bruce McConnell of the White House, people from the OECD
and the hardware/software community, etc. There were panels on key escrow, digital cash, international developments, and the Karn/Bernstein cases and other domestic policy developments.  To
me, the most striking feature of the event was what I felt was a new bite to
the complaints about export controls.  People have been complaining, needless
to say, about these for a while -- but the *economic* case for lifting
controls is now in the forefront of the discussion in a way that was not the case before, imho.  Indeed, there wasn't an enormous amount of talk about the *privacy* implications of encryption this time at all.  Jim Bidzos of RSA gave a very powerful talk at lunch, at which he unveiled two chips that are
now being mass produced by Nippon Telephone, one incorporating the Triple-DES algorithm, and one with the RSA public key algorithm.  Someone else pointed to a recent story in the Economist, which listed the leading encryption software/services companies worldwide, each of which is Israeli.
Bidzos made the claim, and many others echoed, that the export controls are
in the process of doing nothing more than ceding a potentially lucrative market to others, a market in which the US might otherwise be expected to
be the dominant player.  It may even, in the eyes of some, be too late to undo
this damage. Now, some of this may be exaggerated, special interest whining.  But there's an interesting hook here.  Many have talked about the importance of
control over "standards " in network industries, the importance of
obtaining an early dominant position in the market that can appropriate all of the network externalities waiting to be plucked out there.  [Mark Lemley has an
interesting discussion of this in a piece on antitrust on the Net -- Mark, is that out anywhere yet?]  Acting quickly to penetrate the market becomes critical, not just because markets change on "Internet Time," but also because the early entrants have a chance of establishing themselves as de facto standards and thereby extending their dominance over time.  This, one
can plausibly argue, is what is happening -- has happened? -- in this market.  It is more credible in these kinds of markets to argue, as Bidzos was arguing, that if government policymakers wait until there's actual evidence of damage, of "lost market share," to US companies, that it will
at that point already be too late to do anything about the damage. ---------- [Second Cyberia-L message by David Post] One other interesting issue generated heated discussion -- as in yelling
and screaming between audience and panel -- at the EPIC conference.  Scott Charney of DOJ, who heads the US delegation to the OECD crypto guidelines conference, was subjected to pretty heated questioning about the
possibility that the US is trying to use the international forum as a way to move a particular policy agenda that is *not* being successfully peddled at home, and then to use the international support as a means of moving the domestic
policy debate in that direction.  Jamie Boyle of AU was particularly eloquent about this concern (I raised it too, less eloquently) -- I think
it fair to say that both of us had the copyright experience in the back of our
minds, where, many of us believe, the US has been pushing the "Lehman agenda" in international discussions as a way of presenting Congress with a
kind of fait accompli.  Charney vigorously denied that this was going on --
he strongly argued that since the OECD guidelines are non-binding (unlike, say, the treaty obligations being discussed in the copyright context), there's simply nothing wrong with discussing these clearly global issues with our international partners. It was, as they say in the press, a spirited exchange. David ********************************* David G. Post, Georgetown University Law Center Postd at erols.com    202-364-5010 Cyberspace Law Institute home page  ********************************* David ********************************* David G. Post, Georgetown University Law Center Postd at erols.com    202-364-5010 Cyberspace Law Institute home page

@_date: 1996-06-05 15:25:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Class III InfoWar: TST Article 
Gosh, Dan, your friend may want to double-check. After reading Winn
Schwartau's post, I bought a copy of The Sunday Times here in NYC late
Sunday in which the article led at the top of the Front Page. Be glad to fax anyone a copy who may want such, ahem, verification. E-mail
me a number. However, I acknowledge that there is a chance that the TLAs, or Net
security/info war consultants (like Schwartau, et al) planted the article,
a fake to generate scare-funding and boost conference attendance. Or maybe
it's a classic Brit joke, a spoof  -- or a sting by the Intergalactic Net
Police. Strange terrorist ripoffs happen -- incredible IPOs, vaporware
millionaires, and such.

@_date: 1996-06-05 22:28:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: URL for NRC Report 
Instructions for Web access to the NRC report, "Cryptography's Role in
Securing the Information Society," May 30, 1996, Prepublication Copy, are
at:       Appendices A to N are now in individual files. A few typos have been corrected in nrc00.txt and nrc06.txt. For the coder, mathematician and avid proofreader, we'll JPEG and forward
any page that contains equations -- such as those in Appendix C.

@_date: 1996-06-06 01:14:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Terrorism Hysteria on the Net 
Today's USA has a pair of front page stories: "Feds ready anti-terror cyberteam" and "Terrorism on the Net -- Post-Cold
War hysteria or a national threat?" They lay out the nightmares and the valiant TLA-daydreams to out-fund the
hackers and out-flummox the public. "You bring me a select group of hackers and within 90 days I'll bring this
country to its knees, " says Jim Settle, retired director of the FBI's
computer crime squad. "The threat is there, it's very real," says CIA General Counsel Jeffrey
Smith. "If we have a Unabomber who decides to launch an attack with a PC
instead of a bomb, (there could be) real damage."

@_date: 1996-06-06 04:37:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USA on Feds Cyberteam 
USA Today, June 5, 1996, p. 1.    Feds ready anti-terror cyberteam    By M.J. Zuckerman    The Clinton administration, citing the threat of electronic    terrorist attacks, is taking steps to secure cyberspace.    The administration is expected to announce later this month    formation of:    + An emergency response task force, directed by the FBI and    based in the Justice Department, to manage any terrorist    incident involving an attack in cyberspace.    The Cyber Security Assurance Group would funcaon as both an    emergency response team and investigative body. It will    respond to any collapse of the National Information    Infrastructure -- the nation's vital computer systems such    as banking, transportation and telecommunications.    "The threat is there, it's very real," says CIA General    Counsel Jeffrey Smith. "If we have a Unabomber who decides    to launch an attack with a PC instead of a bomb, (there    could be) a great deal of damage."    + A commission, dominated by national security    representatives and chaired by a private sector person, to    deliver within 12 months a national policy on cyberspace    security.    The commission faces difficulty in balancing government    inter-agency turf battles as well as dealing with industry    and the private sector, which oppose Internet regulation.    "This is one of the toughest issues government faces    today," says Smith.    The initiatives have emerged from an unprecedented, closely    guarded series of meeangs held in recent months between    leading administration officials from law enforcement,    national security and defense.    Attorney General Janet Reno, acting under a classified    presidential directive issued late last year in response to    the Oklahoma City bombing, chairs the panel.    It includes the directors of the CIA and FBI along with    Cabinet secretaries from Treasury, Commerce, Transportation    and Energy.    Today, the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations    holds the second in a series of hearings examining    cyberspace security and threats to information systems.    The panel's minority staff is expected to endorse    administration proposals to clearly draw national policy on    information security but calls for a more ambitious    emergency response effort by government.    [End]    ----------    To see adjoining UT article (9 kb),     "Post-Cold War hysteria or a national threat?"

@_date: 1996-06-06 11:52:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: URL for NRC Report, html 
Thanks to Replay Web Development, the URL for NRC Report on "Cryptography's
Role in Securing the Information Society" has been html-ed:

@_date: 1996-06-07 08:50:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FTC_spy 
6-5-96. WaPo and NYP:    "Curbs on Cyberspace Ads Proposed." (WaPo)       Should spam be jammed and cookies be crumbled on the       Internet? Technologies with these gustatory short-hand       names are at the heart of industry, consumer and       government debate over privacy in cyberspace. The       Federal Trade Commission brought together major Internet       players for a two-day workshop examining the handling of       personal consumer information on the Internet, including       the practice of using "cookies."       "Privacy is somewhat of a snake ... but a snake can be       an opportunity," said Peter Harter, public policy       counsel for Netscape.    "Voluntary Rules Are Proposed For the Privacy of Internet    Users." (NYP)       But the proposal, made at a Federal Trade Commission       hearing on personal privacy in the information age, drew       fire from civil liberties groups and others concerned       over privacy issues. They argued that self-policing by       the industry would not restrain on-line abuses that they       said already range from surreptitious monitoring of       activities on the Internet to the illegal sale of       personal credit histories over the Internet.    FTC_pry

@_date: 1996-06-07 11:51:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: InfoSec Spin 
6-6-96. UST:    "Businesses bypass law to fend off hackers."       In cyberspace, where hackers are finding commercial       computer systems easy prey, businesses are choosing to       hire free-lance security teams rather than involve the       law. A Senate subcommittee heard Wednesday from experts       who described how businesses, concerned over negative       publicity, avoid reporting hacker assaults on their       networked computer system. "You stop the bad guy and       send him to your competitor," said Dan Gelber, the       committee's chief counsel.       Senator Nunn asked the subcommittee staff to comment on       an article in this week's Sunday Times of London that       reported, "Cyberterrorists have amassed up to L400       million worldwide by threatening to wipe out computer       systems" belonging to banks and brokerage houses if they       refuse to pay a ransom. "While we can't confirm the       entire story," said Gelber, "it is extremely consistent       with what industry insiders tell us."     ----------    UST had two editorials June 5 on encryption: one    criticizing the administration's position, and another    defending GAK by Sally Katzen with OMB.

@_date: 1996-06-08 14:53:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NTT Chips Beat Cops 
The Economist, June 8, 1996, p. 65.    Encryption    Silence of the bugs    Spare a thought for America's professional snoops. For    decades the FBI and others have counted the telephone    wiretap among their favourite weapons against crime, as    countless mafiosi can (and did) testify. Now, software in    a computer or digital telephone can scramble a message so    effectively that no law-enforcement agency can read it. For    years, the government has fought back by restricting the    use of encryption, to the fury of privacy advocates on the    Internet, where rampant eavesdropping makes encryption    essential. Now a bit of silicon and a stack of paper have    apparently ended the battle: the cops lost.    The bit of silicon is actually two chips that can encrypt    data transmissions so that they are in effect uncrackable.    Had the chips been developed in the United States, the    government would have classified them as "munitions" and    banned their export. But they were developed in Japan, by    NTT, the telephone giant, and the Japanese subsidiary of    RSA, an American encryption company, which revealed their    existence early this week. They can therefore be used    around the world, and even imported into the United States.    There seems nothing the American government can do about    it.    As if that were not bad enough, America's restrictive    encryption policy took another hit last week when a report,    commissioned by Congress and compiled by the prestigious    National Research Council (NRC), concluded that the policy    had hurt Americans far more than it had helped them. For    the past few years, the White House has been offering a    purported compromise: give the government (or a mutually    trusted third party) a key to read your encrypted e-mail,    and you can scramble it all you like. The problem with this    so-called "key escrow" proposal was that it smacked to many    of Big Brotherism. The computer industry rejected it out of    hand, and fell back instead on weaker encryption that was    not regulated, even though this can be cracked over a    weekend with a home PC.    Up to now, the government's response to cries for better    encryption for all has been to fall back on its    responsibility to protect the citizenry. The NRC panel    rejected this, together with the "if only you knew what we    know" argument the government has usually trotted out.    Composed of former security officials and encryption    experts, this panel did know what the government knows, and    was still not convinced.    Now the NTT chips seem to sweep away the whole debate. NTT    has already sold the chips in 15 countries, and they should    soon be incorporated in products. Stewart Baker, the former    general counsel of America's National Security Agency,    concedes that the chips have probably killed encryption    controls in America, but argues that the battle will    continue to run in Europe, where countries such as France    limit their use. For the rest of the world, these bits of    silicon may indeed make it harder for police to protect    citizens. But they will also make it easier for citizens to    protect themselves.    --

@_date: 1996-06-09 00:45:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BIO_nfo 
A biocryptoanarchy link to Adleman's DNA work?    6-8-96. FiTi:    "Bioinformatics: the jobs of the future."       One of the biggest manpower shortages today is in       bioinformatics, the area in which biology meets computer       science. Biology is becoming a data-intensive science,       in the same way that physics did almost 50 years ago       when it became clear that computers would be needed not       only to store information but also to process it.       There's a great shortage of people, partly because a       lot of organisations are simultaneously seeing the need       for bioinformatics and partly because the skills       required are changing so fast:        + Search and analysis, including new mathematical       techniques for finding patterns in data;       + Knowledge management, including ways to integrate       information from different databases;       + Mapping and genomics, including approaches to       identifying the genetic components of complex traits;       + Sequence/structure/function including rapid methods to       predict the biological function of a gene from its DNA.       The mainstream computer and information technology       companies are only just beginning to take an interest in       bioinformatics. "There's a huge vacuum there." For an       undergraduate scientist searching for a field in which       to specialise, there are no better job prospects than       bioinformatics or - cheminformatics.    BIO_nfo

@_date: 1996-06-10 14:33:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TST on Cyber Terror Inquiry 
The article Winn Schwartau cited today and a related column: ----------    The Sunday Times (London), June 9, 1996, p. 1/8    Secret DTI inquiry into cyber terror [Insight Column]    The government has been holding a secret investigation into    attacks by "cyber terrorists" on the City of London for    more than two years. The Department of Trade and Industry    (DTI), Bank of England, GCHQ, the secret listening station,    and the Defence Research Agency (DRA) are involved in the    inquiry.    The existence of the investigation, which began in April    1994, emerged after The Sunday Times revealed last week    that banks, broking firms and investment houses had paid    millions of pounds to gangs that threaten to wipe out    computer systems.    Correspondence from the investigating authorities, seen by    Insight, include letters from civil servants saying they    are "extremely concerned" at the evidence of extortion    demands.    Yesterday the DTI issued a statement confirming the inquiry    and suggesting its work had been hampered by the lack of    co-operation from City institutions.    "We are very interested in the allegations of extortion    directed at City of London institutions which were brought    to our attention in 1994. We responded then by involving    many government organisations, including the DTI, the    police, the Bank of England and other agencies. So far, we    have not been presented with any hard evidence from    victims. We would urge those threatened to come forward,"    a spokesman said.    In one letter, dated May 1995, David Hendon, director of    DTI technical affairs, wrote to a company specialising in    computer security work stating that he was taking the City    extortion issue "extremely seriously". Insight has since    seen the evidence passed to the DTI and GCHQ which sparked    the investigation. In 1994, a consultant working for a    company which undertakes computer risk assessments for City    institutions compiled a table of 46 attacks on banks and    finance houses in New York, London and other centres,    starting in January 1993.    The list included details of raids on three British banks    and one American investment house. The documents suggested    that operations in the futures markets had been a focus for    some of the attacks.    Documents sent by the DRA, from the office of Professor    David Parks, a senior director, indicate that the agency is    especially interested in the "weaponry" deployed by the    cyber terrorists.    The agency believes high-intensity radio frequency (HIRF)    guns may have been used to black out trading positions in    City finance houses. The weapon disables a computer by    firing electromagnetic radiation at it and is a "black    programme" at the defence ministry, one of the highest    security classification levels.    Last December, Parks approached a company which specialises    in defensive measures against information warfare and    carries out work for GCHQ. For a L30,000 fee it was asked    to arrange a demonstration of a portable HIRF weapon in    Germany.    Details of the HIRF weaponry and its use in the City have    also been compiled by Computing magazine, which intends to    pass them to the DTI and other authorities.    [End] ----------    [Related column, p. 2/4]    Held to ransom by superhighway-men    Private Account [Column]    By Jeff Randall    Forget Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, the world's    financial institutions have a new type of bank robber to    deal with -- the cyber terrorist.    Before you start thinking it sounds like science fiction,    consider this: the Department of Trade and Industry (DTI)    this weekend confirmed there is an official investigation    into "raids" by gangs of computer experts who threaten to    wipe out electronic information and trading systems, unless    they are paid off.    The DTI spoke out after last weekend's scoop by the Sunday    Times' Insight team revealing that some of London's best-    known institutions have paid huge ransoms to "electronic    highwaymen" to prevent the meltdown of computer networks.    These revelations have sent a shiver up the spines of the    City's top banks. Financiers are terrified the emergence of    a gaping hole in their systems will cause a loss of    investor and customer confidence -- and rightly so.    Can you imagine calling your stockbroker to buy a few    thousand ICI shares, only to be told its entire information    bank had been blown away by a Dick Turpin with a PhD in    electronic engineering?    If, like me, you know nothing about computer technology,    and care even less, the temptation is to dismiss the    problem as the creation of Arthur C Clarke. But the DTI has    acknowledged for the first time that an investigation into    these "attacks" has been under way for two years. The Bank    of England and GCHQ, the government's secret listening    station, are working alongside the DTI in the inquiry.    Agencies in Britain and America believe there have been    more than 40 raids on investment firms in New York, London    and other European financial centres since 1993. Victims    are understood to have paid up to L13m a time after    blackmailers showed their ability to bring electronic    trading in shares, bonds and commodities to a halt.    Futures-market systems have been a favoured target of the    space-age bandits. In some cases, the blackmailers have    used technology developed by military scientists.    But here is the paradox: the DTI has been hampered by the    reluctance of City firms involved to co-operate.    Extortionists have so frightened the investment houses,    they fear reprisals if they are discovered helping official    agencies track down the gangs. There is also concern that    an admission of the threats would diminish confidence in    the banking system and create a loss of face for the    victims. A banker told Insight: "You will never get a    financial institution to admit it has an extortion policy,    let alone that it has paid money."    That begs the question: who in London has paid up? Insight    has been told of at least four blue-chip firms caving in to    extortionists. For the time being, we have agreed to keep    certain information confidential to preserve the integrity    of the institutions while the agencies investigate. But the    names will eventually surface, and then there will be some    serious explaining to do.    [End]

@_date: 1996-06-11 02:02:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Crypto Policy 
The New York Times, June 10, 1996, p. A10.    The New Encryption Universe [Editorial]    The development of inexpensive computer programs and    hardware that scramble telephone calls and computer    messages to prevent eavesdropping is rapidly transforming    the world of cryptography. Once largely the domain of    governments and their intelligence services, encryption    technology is now commonly used by corporations, banks,    securities firms and individual computer operators. It is    time to revise Government encryption policy to fit this new    universe.    A panel of the National Research Council makes a convincing    case for doing just that after a careful review of    encryption issues. The panel calls on the Government to    abandon its effort to limit the development and    availability of advanced encryption technology. The Clinton    Administration has fought to preserve the Government's    ability to access commercial and individual communications    for law enforcement purposes by encouraging adoption of a    single encryption standard that Government agencies could    track and decipher if needed.    The Research Council panel leans the other way, urging the    commercial development of powerful encryption software even    though it would make wiretapping more difficult. It also    recommends that Washington ease restrictions on exports of    encryption technology.    The Government has long framed the debate over commercial    encryption around its need to fight crime through    wiretapping. The panel recognizes the usefulness of    court-authorized wiretaps. But the panel suggests that a    more important issue is the ability of the private sector    to transfer confidential financial and other data over    telecommunications pathways without interception.    The Clinton Administration wants the private sector to    adopt a type of encryption technology, known as key escrow,    that would give the Government the ability to unscramble    private phone or computer messages with court authorization    and thereby preserve its wiretap capability. But the policy    has so far failed several practical tests. The private    sector has not voluntarily adopted a Government-controlled    technology. In addition, encryption programs are already    available that allow almost anyone with a computer and    modem to work around Government-controlled technology. One    sophisticated system would allow two strangers -- people    who had swapped no private passwords -- to read each    other's encoded messages.    It seems likely that the Administration approach will not    succeed. If so, the danger is that Washington might move to    outlaw encryption technology it has not approved, a step    that would grossly violate American civil liberties. The    best way for the Government to protect its ability to    eavesdrop on domestic and foreign criminals is to stay    technically ahead of them. The panel recommends vigorous    Government research programs to that end.    The Research Council group would permit American computer    companies to export more powerful encryption software than    currently permitted. Foreigners already have access to    encryption systems that are more powerful than those    American companies are allowed to sell. The export    restrictions do nothing to keep encryption software out of    the hands of criminals and hostile governments, but    needlessly drive American exports out of foreign markets.    The panel's conclusions are especially credible because its    membership was not tilted against the Government. The    16-member panel was led by Kenneth Dam, a former Deputy    Secretary of State, and included Benjamin Civiletti, a    former Attorney General, and Ann Caracristi, a former    deputy director of the National Security Agency. The    Clinton Administration should take notice. It needs a new    encryption policy.    --

@_date: 1996-06-11 02:46:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TWP on Crypto Policy 
The Washington Post, June 10, 1996, p. A18.    Global Village Cops?    What will be the long-term effect of Internet technologies    on global law enforcement? The amazing story of Bill and    Anna Young, a k a Leslie Rogge and Judy Kay Wilson, offers    one possible scenario. The pseudonymous Youngs, residents    of Guatemala who the FBI says have been on a decade-long    run from U.S. justice since Mr. Rogge was convicted of a    string of bank robberies and other offenses, turned    themselves in to authorities after a neighbor recognized    Mr. Rogge's face on the FBI home page's Most Wanted list.    According to a story first told in the Guatemala Weekly,    the person who recognized him was a newly Internet-wired    14-year-old.    The vision of the future evoked by this story, of a world    in which the familiar "global village" becomes a place not    just of instant communication but of neighborly nosiness    and where no one can just melt into the crowd, is    reassuring and unnerving in about equal proportions. (What    if it were a network of hit men or an authoritarian    government seeking a dissident, rather than the FBI, making    use of this powerful technology?) But it's also worth    keeping in mind that, other than the romance of the    technology, it doesn't represent that great an advance on    current global media that have made celebrities or    fugitives' faces familiar to a vast public -- just ask    Salman Rushdie. The Rogge nabbing is the first that the FBI    credits to its home page specifically, but TV's "America's    Most Wanted" has scored similar coups.    The impossibility of predicting the exact shape of these    extensions of policing is relevant as well to a report that    the National Research Council recently issued on another    computer technology issue -- the vexed matter of whether to    ease export controls on encryption software, which encodes    information sent electronically so that only a user with a    key can decipher it.    The government until now has resisted lifting controls on    "uncrackable" encryption software --  that is, codes that    are too complex to be broken by brute force -- unless the    industry agrees to deposit keys in an escrow arrangement    with a third party so the government can seek and obtain a    warrant to read encoded communications if necessary.    Software makers, meanwhile, are pushing hard to have these    restrictions eased. The research council, an arm of the    generally neutral National Academy of Sciences, sought to    bridge the gap between industry interests and such    government agencies as the FBI and national security    agencies, whose case, they say, is based largely on    classified matter that can't be publicly discussed.    Part of the report's conclusion, which favors the easing    though not the abolition of current restrictions, is that    wider use of encryption technology will actually *help*    national security and law enforcement because more data,    economic and otherwise, will be secure to begin with. But    if the news of the changing terrain tells anything, it is    that it is far too soon to base arguments on such a    premise. Our own sense on encryption is that the national    security and law enforcement questions remain too important    to be sacrificed lightly, despite the considerable economic    interests of the parties on the other side. But the world    of Internet law enforcement is still taking shape. Whatever    the public conclusion on encryption, the debate should not    rest on any assumptions about what that shape will be.    --

@_date: 1996-06-12 06:53:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USS_hit 
6-11-96. FiTi:    "US squares up to cyberterrorists."       Until recently, the concept of "information warfare" has       been widely dismissed as alarmist rhetoric and viewed as       "post Cold War hysteria" generated by those with an       interest in maintaining the vast US intelligence       apparatus. But the potential use of computer networks to       undermine public confidence, disrupt essential services,       play havoc with the economy or damage military       capabilities is now being taken seriously in Washington.       Encryption may be just one of many battlegrounds --       others include: proposals for mandatory reporting of       corporate computer intrusions and for exceptions to US       laws that prohibit intelligence agencies from snooping       on domestic communications; the forthcoming ruling by US       courts on free speech on the Internet, in response to       laws aimed at stopping distribution of pornographic       material; and possible limits on information that       marketers may gather and use about children who surf the       Internet. Also the Clinton administration is planning a       rapid-response team to take charge in the event of a       cyberterrorist attack.    USS_hit

@_date: 1996-06-12 16:33:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Information Age Intelligence 
Foreign Policy, Summer 1996:    "Information Age Intelligence." by Bruce D. Berkowitz,    a former CIA analyst and staff member for the Senate    Intelllgence Committee. Excerpts of 14-page essay:       During most of this century, the intelligence       community led the world in developing information       technology. Intelligence organizations were deeply       involved in the development of telegraph and       telephone networks, modern computers, and       space-based communications and surveillance       systems. The intelligence community also       established new forms of analysis and areas of       expertise.       Yet several signs suggest that the intelligence       community is no longer the leader in the       information world, and it may have fallen behind       significantly in some respects. The underlying       problem is that the intelligence community has       failed to keep up with changes in how modern       society uses information and how information       technology develops in modern society. As a       result, our model for intelligence is out-of-date.       This reality is what current efforts at       intelligence reform are failing to recognize.       The intelligence community needs to move as fast       as information businesses do to capture markets,       but the traditional organization is not up to the       task. Today's model for intelligence -- how it is       organized and how it operates -- is an artifact       from an earlier age. Even the name "Central       Intelligence Agency" is reminiscent of the New       Deal era, when large, powerful, national       bureaucracies were the accepted way of getting       things done efficiently. It makes less sense in a       world moving toward fluid, distributed, networked       information organizations.       As the capabilities of the private sector improve,       the intelligence community will need to move on to       the next frontier of technology or expertise that       the private sector has yet to fill. While one       challenge for intelligence reform is to keep up       with these changes, fundamentally the greater       challenge will be to establish an organization       that can adapt with the times.       One reason why the intelligence community cannot       deal effectively with the Information Revolution       is that intelligence requirements and the       intelligence community's comparative advantage are       both fluid, but the traditional intelligence       bureaucracy remains static. In addition,       organizations responsible for developing and       applying technology, such as the National       Reconnaissance Office (NRC)) and the National       Security Agency (NSA), have created organizational       dogma, and dogma always resist change. Once such       organizations carve out a place for themselves       (and their technologies) in the budget, they can       be difficult to dislodge. The fact that these       organizations often operate at a classified level       further insulates them. As a result, the       intelligence community often locks into specific       technologies, even when new and possibly better       ideas have come along.     ----- Our Web site was hosed clean today, so this article may not survive. If not there, send us e-mail with the subject: FPI_ntl

@_date: 1996-06-13 03:36:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: New NRC Report Site 
Keith, The entire Web site hosting the NRC report was nuked by an alien or angel
yesterday. Another site is in preparation and we will announce it on
c'punks as soon as it is ready, probably later today.

@_date: 1996-06-13 10:08:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Anonymous remailers mentioned in CDA decision 
The right to anonymity on the Net got a big boost during the Q&A at the
ACLU press conference here in NYC on the CDA win -- with a recitation of
its distinguished history in assuring freedom of speech and political
activity. As did the corollary right to strong encryption to assure
protection from intruders of gov-biz-jealous-lovers of all stripes. The CDA decision is a wondrous read for its coverage of so many topics
discussed here; each judge's opinion is separately admirable. And, based, on the remarks of panelists at the conference, it will surely
advance privacy protection measures and support loosening of crypto
controls. But still subject to the unpredictable Supremes, a Solomon cautioned, if
DoJ elects to appeal.

@_date: 1996-06-13 14:19:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: UK's Trusted Third Parties 
Thanks to Professor Denning's pointer to this URL for the    UK's Trusted Third Parties regulatory intent.           June 11, 1996    STATEMENT ON HMG POLICY CONCERNING USE OF ENCRYPTION ON    PUBLIC NETWORKS    PAPER ON REGULATORY INTENT CONCERNING USE OF ENCRYPTION ON    PUBLIC NETWORKS    1.  Summary    The Government recognises the importance of the development    of the Global Information Infrastructure (GII) with respect    to the continuing competitiveness of UK companies. Its aim    is to facilitate the development of electronic commerce by    the introduction of measures which recognise the growing    demand for encryption services to safeguard the integrity    and confidentiality of electronic information transmitted    on public telecommunications networks.    2.  The policy, which has been decided upon after detailed    discussion between Government Departments, involves the    licensing and regulation of Trusted Third Parties    (hereafter called TTPs) which will provide a range of    information security services to their clients, whether    they are corporate users or individual citizens. The    provision of such information security services will be    welcomed by IT users, and will considerably facilitate the    establishment of, and industry's participation in, the GII,     where trust in the security of communication has been    acknowledged to be of paramount importance. The licensing    policy will aim to preserve the ability of the intelligence    and law enforcement agencies to fight serious crime and    terrorism by establishing procedures for disclosure to them    of encryption keys, under safeguards similar to those which    already exist for warranted interception under the    Interception of Communications Act.      3.  The Government intends to bring forward proposals for    legislation following consultation by the Department of    Trade and Industry on detailed policy proposals.    [Balance snipped] ----------    Professor Denning also has comments dated June 11 on the    NRC cryptography report:

@_date: 1996-06-13 23:51:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: New NRC Report Site 
Thanks to Replay Web Development's generosity, the full 434-page NRC
cryptography report of May 30, 1996 is available at:       Our previous URL for the report also links to Replay's site:

@_date: 1996-06-14 01:59:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on CDA Win 
6-13-96. NYP, Page One lead:    "Judges Turn Back Law To Regulate Internet Decency."       In a unanimous decision that celebrated the Internet as       "the most participatory marketplace of mass speech that       this country -- and indeed the world -- has yet seen,"       a three-judge Federal panel in Philadelphia yesterday       declared unconstitutional major parts of a new law       intended to regulate indecent material on the global       computer network and blocked the law's enforcement.       The three judges called Government attempts to regulate       content on the Internet a "profoundly repugnant" affront       to the First Amendment's guarantee of free speech.       "Just as the strength of the Internet is chaos, so the       strength of our liberty depends upon the chaos and       cacophony of the unfettered speech the First Amendment       protects," Judge Dalzell wrote.       (3 articles) ----- Or, if the http fails, send a CDA_win to .

@_date: 1996-06-15 11:33:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: T & A 
challenge to authoritarian regimes using moral righteousness to suppress
free speech: "Freedom to titillate is a small price to pay for freedom to argue." A T&A motto for cypherpunks?

@_date: 1996-06-15 12:12:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cash Is Dying 
6-14-96: NYT ad for The New York Times Magazine:    Cash is dirty.    Cash is heavy.    Cash is quaint.    Cash is expensive.    CASH IS DYING.    "You believe in banks don't you? That's good, because    ultimately money is backed by nothing but your own    confidence, habit and faith -- a form of faith as powerful    and essential to modern life as any religious belief. The    coming digital era will make this plain to everyone, as    never before."    (Continued on Sunday)    From "Dead as a Dollar" by James Gleick ...the cover    article in this week's issue. ---------    Yes, the James Gleick whose co-founded Pipeline is near    dead as a dollar. Hope his multi-million-dollar PSI-buyout    lives.

@_date: 1996-06-16 00:31:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Dead as a Dollar 
6-15-96. NYP Mag:    "Dead as a Dollar."       For everyone who uses cash, everyone who stores it and       everyone who regulates it, a challenge is nearing. The       challenge will be to make choices. Some kinds of       electronic currency will protect privacy, and some will       violate privacy. Some will make crime easier, and some       will make it extraordinarily difficult. Some will tax       commerce parasitically, and some will catalyze it. The       new minters of money will have enormous power to choose       -- unless consumers, on the one hand, and Government       officials, on the other, decide to make their own       choices.       In the "current climate," as those in Washington tend to       say, anything that smacks of an expanded role for the       Government is anathema. Policy makers at the Treasury       are reluctant even to talk about electronic money on the       record. "It's easy to go in and say, 'Oh, we're going to       regulate everything,' without knowing what everything       is," says a senior Treasury official. "We want to know       what everything is." He adds: "There are very serious       policy issues -- seigniorage, money laundering,       financial- stability issues, consumer issues that are       genuinely important that we must address and look hard       at. It may be sensible for the Government to issue a       card -- that's conceivable -- but what if you issue it       and nobody uses it?"       As money enters a new age, so does counterfeiting. The       ultimate threat is the perfect copy -- the virtual coin       that proves mathematically identical to the real thing.       If money is a string of bits, then someone, some where,       can make a perfect copy, and another and another. An       arms race is already raging between those working to       armor-plate digital cash with doubly and triply secure       cryptography and those working to pierce the armor.       Security experts assume that nefarious characters, in       search of an unending stream of money, are already       investing millions in the next stages of research and       development.       For every new idea in tamper resistance, there is a new       idea in tampering.... "At least you can cause people to       have to spend a lot of money," says Eric Hughes, a       cryptography expert. "But doing the second chip is far,       far less money than the first. And if you could make a       master chip that spoke the right protocol, you could       make a little money mint for yourself."       "Information warfare is going to make people very       worried downstream," says Crook at Citicorp. "We have an       immense paranoia about how dangerous it's going to be.       I think that the security requirements in our industry       are going to be more severe than at the Department of       Defense."       Cryptography is as close as modern mathematics comes to       magic.       It's simply a design choice. Smart cards, or their       on-line equivalents, could function as blindly as raw       cash. They could be even less traceable than in Chaum's       system. That is a frightening prospect to law-       enforcement authorities. Having finally made life       difficult for drug smugglers with heavy cash suitcases,       they will not casually allow the manufacture of half-       ounce chips that could make possible blind transfers of       hundreds of millions of dollars, a money launderer's       dream. Even if the Government takes no other action in       the electronic-money arena, it will surely move to       extend its restrictions on cash to cover digital       equivalents. And so far, the large institutions entering       the electronic-money arena are leaning toward       less-anonymous, less-private approaches than Chaum's,       betting that most of us will be willing to sacrifice       more pieces of privacy for, say, convenience. Chaum       could prove right, but only if the marketplace is       willing to cast its votes for privacy.        [With many remarks by Kawika Daguio.]      (48 kb)    -----    Or, if http fails, DED_dol to     Thanks to JG and NYPaper.

@_date: 1996-06-16 04:31:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Trits 
As a complement to Jim Choate's forward on the "trits"    communication research, we suggest perusing an interview of    the philosopher Paul Virilio. Here're are excerpts from the    interview available at:           PAUL VIRILIO: I have to take a detour through physics here,    and this is one of the differences between and Baudrillard    and myself. Unlike him, I have a formal scientific    education (that's why physics and military sciences kept me    busy for a very long time). In the past, reality was a    matter of mass; then it became mass + force. Today, reality    is the outcome of: mass + force + information. Matter has    now become truly three-dimensional. This is a clear break.    What we have witnessed in Italy, with Berlusconi seizing    power, is the first successful media-coup in history. Italy    is again Europe's avant-garde, and is showing us where the    new political alternative resides - in a realm where "left"    or "right" are no longer relevant. The new political    alternative is between the old political class on one side,    and the new media-class on the other. With Italy, the    media-class has now seized power in Europe. It will also    happen in the United States, in France, in Spain, and    elsewhere.    CARLOS OLIVEIRA: Do you see some kind of media-fascism    looming on the horizon?    PAUL VIRILIO: No, because what I see is far worse! Due to    its overwhelming power, the totalitarianism of the    information-medium is going to be even more powerful than    the traditional political totalitarianism of the old    national-socialist or communist hues. The dangers are    looming larger. I repeat: only if one is guarded against    its dangers will it be possible to enjoy the positive    aspects of the developments in the realm of new    technologies.    CARLOS OLIVEIRA: In your eyes, is there any way out of this    rather bleak situation?    PAUL VIRILIO: An accompanying evil here is the end of    writing, as it unfolds through image technology,    cinema/film, and television-screen. These new developments    threaten the ability to conjure up mental images with    oblivion. The typical modern human is characterized by a    life under the dictatorship of the screen, to which the    written word falls victim. We don't read any more, we    hardly write each other - since we can call each other on    the phone. Next, we will no longer speak! I'd really like    to say: this will indeed be the silence of the lambs!

@_date: 1996-06-16 15:15:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Non-Lethal Terrorism 
For background on the recent cyber-terrorists reports from    London, we offer the Council on Foreign Relations' 1995    report:                       NON-LETHAL TECHNOLOGIES                  Military Options and Implications                 Report of an Independent Task Force    The long history of military operations has been marked by    steady increases in the lethality of weapons. U.S.    commanders and policymakers face excruciating dilemmas in    decisions to use lethal force. They strive to maximize    protection of their own troops and to minimize collateral    casualties among noncombatants. Authoritarian regimes -- as    in Iraq -- and factions in civil wars -- as in Bosnia --    may see fear of American casualties as one factor in    deterring intervention against them. Terrorists, guerillas,    and other irregular forces often exploit noncombatant    populations by mounting attacks from their midst.    Can technology, ease these dilemmas by providing    acceptable, effective non-lethal capabilities to supplement    conventional weapons across a broad spectrum of conflict?    In major wars or similiar cases of high-level violence, can    such capabilities reduce the risk to U.S. forces by, in    effect, substituting technology for manpower in performing    certain missions, for example, by shutting off power    transmission and communications of adversaries? In    situations short of traditional warfare -- for example, the    humanitarian intervention in Somalia -- can non-lethal    systems help provide calibrated coercion proportional to    the objectives? How do they relate to the lethal systems on    which U.S. forces depend? What policy issues do such    technologies pose? In this report a bipartisan task force,    including former Air Force and Army chiefs of staff,    leading scientists, and other experts, examines these    questions. The task force concludes that a number of    non-lethal technologies deserve serious consideration in    U.S. planning and development for future military    contingencies.      (47 kb)    Beware snooping, consider using the anonymizer at:        -----    Or, if http fails, NLT_ech to

@_date: 1996-06-17 00:15:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: More info on this? 
An article in The NYT Sunday on criminal misuse of stolen and sold SS
numbers says: "Such trade in information is legal, and regulation is difficult, perhaps
even more so since a Federal appeals court ruling last week struck down
restrictions and defended the 'chaos and cacophony of the unfettered
speech' on the new medium." "The freedom for market aggression is a wisely hidden by the freedom to
argue."  -- Wealth Through Capitalist Anarchy: Friedman's First Amendment

@_date: 1996-06-18 07:08:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Spy Tech 
Three feathers for spying technology:    TST: "MI6 stole secrets from French navy."       Top secret technology for tracking nuclear submarines       has been stolen from a French naval base by MI6,       Britain's foreign intelligence service, after a French       civilian engineer was paid thousands of pounds to betray       one of his country's most closely guarded secrets to an       MI6 front company which posed as a technical defence       consultancy and publishing house.    TST: "High-flying gliders replace satellites."       Solar powered gliders circling above cities could       provide a cheap alternative to satellites for global       communication systems, according to a group of American       scientists.    WaJo: "Israel Asks White House to Place Curbs On 3 U.S.    Satellite-Surveillance Firms."       The request is regarded as "very sensitive," according       to one U.S. official, because Israeli officials say it       relates to their national security concerns. However,       officials of the affected U.S. companies charge it       amounts to unfair competition because an Israeli company       is about to enter the space surveillance business and it       wouldn't face similar restrictions.      (18 kb)    Spy surf:     Or, TEK_spy

@_date: 1996-06-18 07:30:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Ultima Spy Book 
The Ultimate Spy Book    by H. Keith Melton    (Dorling Kindersley, London)    DK Publishing, New York    First American edition, 1996. $29.95.    ISBN 0-7894-0443-5    Over 600 illustrations of the tools and tricks of spycraft    for killing, betraying, deceiving, surveilling, encrypting,    decrypting, communicating, burgling, recruitment and    training, fucking up and rotting in jail, and flacking spy    fluff until tip-canoe-ed. ---------    Eye pix of cipher devices:    Kryha, Bolton, Hebern, M-94:                Hagelin's M-209 and CD-57:           Enigma:           Enigma innards and Geheimschreiber:           Purple:        ----------    CYA:

@_date: 1996-06-18 23:59:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: "Mail Exploders" 
On Nerd AOL using explosive mail, this Cyberia-L pointer:             [Excerpts]     Cyber Promotions sends a collection of short ads, written    as if they were newspaper classifieds, to upward of 900,000    recipients, 600,000 of whom are America OnLine subscribers.    America OnLine contends that its computer systems have been    swamped by Cyber Promotion's mass mailings, especially when    5,000 undeliverable messages start to pile up each day. ...    When the mailings continued, an AOL employee collected a    bunch of Cyber Promotions's undeliverable messages and    redirected them to UUNET, a large Internet service provider    used by Cyber Promotions.    According to Cyber Promotions' complaint, this "stunt,    known as an 'e-mail bomb,' was knowingly and maliciously    sent to UUNET by AOL in order to severely tie up and/or    bring down UUNET's computer system." UUNET subsequently    cancelled Cyber Promotion's account.    According to Cyber Promotions' complaint, AOL bombed    another service provider used by Cyber Promotions. ...

@_date: 1996-06-21 00:01:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: HUS_tle 
6-20-96. NYP:    "Counterfeiters of a New Stripe Give Japan One More Worry."       The pachinko caper echoes far beyond Japan, serving as       a cautionary tale as the world moves toward digital       cash, with money reduced to ones and zeros on a card or       in a computer. It could be far easier to manipulate       computer codes than to rob a bank or create counterfeit       bills.       "This is a tip-of-the-iceberg problem," said Peter G.       Neumann, a computer security hustler at SRI. "You are       going to put a lot of money out there and someone is       going to figure out how to take it away from you."       "Electronic money, digital cash, the Internet -- it's so       convenient and so many people envision a dreamy future,"       another sec-hawker drooled. "But once you consider the       security, it's quite vulnerable."       (12 kb)    HUS_tle

@_date: 1996-06-21 16:22:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Rise of the Virtual State 
Foreign Affairs, July/August, 1996.    "The Rise of the Virtual State" [Excerpts]       Richard Rosecrance, UCLA Professor of Political Science    Amid the supposed clamor of contending cultures and    civilizations, a new reality is emerging. The nation-state    is becoming a tighter, more vigorous unit capable of    sustaining the pressures of worldwide competition.    Developed states are putting aside military, political, and    territorial ambitions as they struggle not for cultural    dominance but for a greater share of world output.    Countries are not uniting as civilizations and girding for    conflict with one another. Instead, they are downsizing --    in function if not in geographic form. Today and for the    foreseeable future, the only international civilization    worthy of the name is the governing economic culture of the    world market.    Timeworn methods of augmenting national power and wealth    are no longer effective. Like the headquarters of a virtual    corporation, the virtual state determines overall strategy    and invests in its people rather than amassing expensive    production capacity. It contracts out other functions to    states that specialize in or need them. Imperial Great     Britain may have been the model for the nineteenth century,    but Hong Kong will be the model for the 21st.    As a result of these trends, the world may increasingly    become divided into "head" and "body" nations, or nations    representing some combination of those two functions.    The world is embarked on a progressive emancipation from    land as a determinant of production and power.    Diminishing their command of real estate and productive    assets, nations are downsizing, in functional if not in    geographic terms. Small nations have attained peak    efficiency and competitiveness, and even large nations have    begun to think small. If durable access to assets elsewhere    can be assured, the need to physically possess them    diminishes.    The virtual state is an agile entity operating in twin    jurisdictions: abroad and at home. It is as prepared to    mine gains overseas as in the domestic economy. But in    large countries, internationalization operates    differentially. Political and economic decision-makers have    begun to recast their horizons, but middle managers and    workers lag behind. They expect too much and give and learn    too little. That is why the dawn of the virtual state must    also be the sunrise of international education and    training. The virtual state cannot satisfy all its    citizens. The possibility of commanding economic power in    the sense of effective state control has greatly declined.    Displaced workers and businesspeople must be willing to    look abroad for opportunities. In the United States, they    can do this only if American education prepares the way.    ----------       (39 kb)    VST_ate

@_date: 1996-06-23 00:15:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Reno's Cyberspace Address 
Thanks to LG:    "Law Enforcement in Cyberspace Address by the Honorable    Janet Reno, United States Attorney General."    Presented to the Commonwealth Club, June 14, 1996.      (25 kb)    ADD_res

@_date: 1996-06-23 12:46:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NS on TTPs 
New Scientist, 22 July 1996, p. 10.    Crackdown on Net Crooks 'a charter for state snoopers'    Britain and France have become the first European nations    to take concerted action against swindlers and other    criminals operating on the Internet. The governments of    both countries last week announced plans to license Trusted    Third Parties (TTPs) to act as "honest brokers" for online    business transactions. But civil liberties campaigners fear    that the schemes may be snoopers' charters, giving police    forces and security agencies unprecedented opportunities to    spy on the world of business.    The idea is for TTPs to act as "introduction agencies" that    will reassure each party to a deal that the other has been    vetted and is reputable. TTPs will also hand out encryption    software that business partners will use to exchange    information in confidence. But in both countries, TTPs will    be required to release the keys to this encryption to the    police or the security services, on production of an    appropriate warrant.    Currently there are few safeguards to protect those    contemplating buying goods or services over the Internet    from fraudsters. "Cyberspace has become the new frontier    for scam artists," concluded a report released by the US    Federal Trade Commission last month. "The scams are not new    but the medium is."    John Moroney, a senior consultant at the computer    consultancy Ovum, believes TTPs are the best way to drive    forward the growth of business over the Internet. As online    transactions become commonplace, he argues, banks may be    especially keen to volunteer as TTPs, to protect their    dominance in the financial services market. "If home    shopping takes off they could be left exposed," says    Moroney.    But Simon Davies, director of the London-based civil    liberties watchdog, Privacy International calls the plan    "naive". He argues that businesses are perfectly capable of    setting up secure systems for electronic trade without    government involvement: "What is the government doing in    this field in the first place?" The British and French    proposals, Davies says, bear a strong resemblance to the    failed "Clipper chip" plan in the US.    The Clipper scheme involved building a scrambling chip into    all new telephones and computers. The keys to the scrambler    would have been in the hands of government-appointed    agencies. "With Clipper it quickly became clear the agenda    was broader than initially stated," says Davies, "and that    is exactly what will happen in Europe." He fears that if    the scheme takes off, companies not using TTP-approved    encryption software will instantly come under surveillance    by the police or security services.    The Department of Trade and Industry in Britain rejects    this claim. "The government licensing of TTPs is just a way    of enhancing consumer confidence," says a spokesman, who    adds that there are no plans to ban non-TTP software.    Banks, trade associations and telecommunications firms are    the most likely candidates for becoming TTPs, the DTI says.    -- Mark Ward    [End]

@_date: 1996-06-24 02:11:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FISA Mock 
6-23-96. WaPo Mag cover story:    "Secret Intrusions"       Government surveillance, terrorism and the U.S.       Constitution: The story of a Washington Courtroom no       tourist can visit.       Last year, a secret court in the Justice Department       authorized a record 697 'national security' wiretaps on       American soil, outside normal constitutional procedures.       Is the world growing more dangerous -- or has Big       Brother found a way around the Foruth amendment.    A revealing report on burgeoning FISA wiretap intrusions,    featuring FBI, NSA, CIA, Freeh, Kallstrom, Gorelick and    little-known Mary Lawton who, before her death, guaranteed    the incorruptibility of FISA: "In the modern age of    intelligence gathering and federal law enforcement, no one    was more important to the management of the most critical    legal issues binding the two communities." And what has    happened without her "gold standard of legality in the    world of counterintelligence."    A wideawake eye-opener to General Reno's sweetsong lullaby     at the Commonwealth Club.    Taken from a book due out next month: "Main Justice," by    Jim McGee and Brian Duffy.     -----      (54 kb)    FIS_mok

@_date: 1996-06-24 02:56:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Arsenal Ship Details 
A front-page detailed description of the Navy's latest work on the
remote-controlled Arsenal ship:

@_date: 1996-06-25 13:36:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Arms Export Report 
The Wash Post today reports on a new study of U.S. arms    export policy, presented to the White House on Friday, and    to be formally released next week. It primarily addresses    killing-type arms and proposes greater U.S. restraint    of export of advanced armaments rather than promotion to    buttress the defense industry.    One of its recommendations is to form all regulations    governing arms exports and intelligence-gathering into    "single, coherent framework."    If anyone has seen this report, does it address crypto    export?    A copy by E-mail or fax (to 212-799-4003) would be    appreciated. ----------    The Wash Post has a free (for now) Web site at:

@_date: 1996-06-26 09:00:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Leahy vs. Landers 
Thanks to MF:    The Washington Post, June 24, 1996.    Dear Ann Landers:    You have recently printed letters from people whose spouses    have left them for people they met on the Internet.    As a 55-year-old who has been happily married for 33 years,    I am living proof that the vast majority of us Internet    fans use our computers to browse newspapers, see the    treasures of the Sistine Chapel, check the weather in    Vermont or read the latest Batman comic. I think your    readers should be assured that almost all Americans on-line    have no intention of stealing someone else's spouse or    leaving their own.    Just as reckless and irresponsible drivers should not ruin    it for drivers who act responsibly, neither should a few    bored Web crawlers foul up the Internet for the rest of us.    -- Sen. Patrick Leahy (D Vt.)    Dear Pat:    You are a superb senator. Vermont is lucky to have you. As    an advice columnist, however, you aren't so hot. Granted,    most Web crawlers are fairly decent people, but many are    not interested in the Sistine Chapel or Batman. The    Internet is tailor-made for con men, the lonely and the    bored. The word from here is beware. More on this subject    tomorrow.    [Ann's two letters today exemplify the grief and joy of    betrayal and love on the Net.]    Questions may be sent to: Ann Landers, c/o Creators    Syndicate, 5777 W. Century Blvd., Suite 700, Los Angeles,    Calif. 90045.

@_date: 1996-06-26 09:26:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: domain name zapping threat by Internic 
The Washington Post, June 25, 1996.    Domain Delinquents Get Day's Reprieve       Firm Delays Suspension of Internet Service to Process       Flood of Fees    By David S. Hilzenrath    The Herndon company that assigns the basic addresses on the    Internet said yesterday it would delay until this evening    a plan to cut off the service of address holders who    haven't paid the required fees.    Network Solutions Inc., which registers addresses under an    arrangement with the federal government, had planned to cut    off the delinquents yesterday, but postponed the action as    it processed a flood of last-minute payments.    The cutoffs involve about 10,000 of 400,000 "domain" names    -- the portion of the Internet address that follows the "    symbol -- whose holders have not paid Network Solutions a    $100 registration fee.    Network Solutions spokesman David Gravff said the company    would suspend service for those domain holders that had not    paid by 5 p.m. on Sunday. The service of those who pay    between that time and tonight will be suspended, but the    company will soon reinstate it. The cutoff involves domain    holders that registered their addresses between Sept. 14,    when Network Solutions began charging new users, and Feb.    28.    Domain names may be held by companies, universities,    individuals, government agencies or other organizations,    and a single domain name might be used by many people.    People using domain names that are suspended would not be    able to receive electronic mail. Similarly, people would    not be able to connect to World Wide Web sites using    suspended domains.    The company two weeks ago estimated that 25,000 domain    names would be suspended, but it reduced the total as    last-minute payments arrived.    The company will wait 60 days before reissuing the    suspended domain names to new users, giving delinquent    users another chance to pay and reclaim them, Graves said.    -----    For More Information: Is your domain name available? Find    out by visiting The Post's site on the World Wide Web at:        [End]

@_date: 1996-06-26 11:45:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Appology 
On Jun 25, 1996 21:14:56, 'chris.liljenstolpe at SSDS.com (Christopher
 Way it is, Chris, The motherfucking Best and Brightest did that to us all time in Nam,
granting us a few days to stumble around fuck-you-GIs-it-ain't-our-war
Aussieland, with a few stolen hours layover, hungover puking up poison, in
Thailand, then back to eating their Ivy League shit sandwiches. There it is, live with it -- or frag their pasty asses back to the stoned
age.

@_date: 1996-06-26 23:30:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CIA Fears UmpTeen InfoNukes 
The New York Times, June 26, 1996, p. B7.    Head of C.I.A. Plans Center To Protect Federal Computers    By Tim Weiner    Washington, June 25 -- Alarmed at the growing threat that    computer hackers pose to national security, the Director of    Central Intelligence today announced plans to create a    "cyberwar" center to protect the bits and bytes that weave    the nation together.    The United States cannot be brought to its knees by a    madman with a modem. But the Director, John M. Deutch, said    the nation's intelligence agencies were alert to the threat    of "very, very large" attacks on the computers that run    Defense Department war rooms, power plants, telephone    systems, air traffic control centers and international    financial transfers.    "The electron," Mr. Deutch warned, "is the ultimate    precision-guided weapon."    Mr. Deutch said he was seeking to create a cyberwar center    at the National Security Agency, the giant electronic    eavesdropping branch of American intelligence. He said the    center could focus the Government's previously scattershot    efforts to understand and combat the threats posed by    governments, terrorist groups and mischievous teen-agers.    Mr. Deutch's first public statement about information    warfare came in testimony before Senator Sam Nunn, the    Georgia Democrat who called a hearing of a Senate    Governmental Affairs subcommittee to discuss the    little-understood, highly classified problem.    "There are some who believe we are going to have to have an    electronic Pearl Harbor, so to speak, before we really make    this the kind of priority that many of us believe it    deserves to be made," Mr. Nunn said. "Do you think we're    going to need that kind of real awakening, or are we fully    alerted to this danger now?"    Mr. Deutch replied: "I think that we are fully alerted to    it now. I don't know whether we will face an electronic    Pearl Harbor, but we will have, I'm sure, some very    unpleasant circumstances."    He added, "I'm certainly prepared to predict some very,    very large and uncomfortable incidents."    Mr. Deutch said cyberwar could become a 21st-century    national security threat second only to nuclear, biological    and chemical weapons.    Potential attackers may already possess the sophisticated    techniques they would need to bring off a cataclysmic    crash, many experts believe, but they still lack the deep    knowledge of their targets and direct access to the    computer systems they would seek to disable.    Military and civilian organizations are increasingly    dependent on evermore complicated and interlinked systems.    They run the risk of understanding the threat less and less    as it becomes more and more complex Mr. Nunn and Mr. Deutch    suggested.    Senator Nunn also said intelligence agencies have    communications problems with banks, telecommunications    companies and other business ventures vulnerable to cyber    attacks.    "There's a great reluctance by the private sector to    discuss the threat that they've faced or even the attacks    that have already occurred," he said, "because they fear    that the word would go out they're vulnerable, and    therefore could destroy or damage consumer confidence and    thereby cost them business."    "At some point," the Senator added, "there's got to be    communication here."    [End]

@_date: 1996-06-27 05:08:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TWP on CIA Info Gears 
The latter part of this article elaborates the NYT report    today.    The Washington Post, June 26, 1996, p. A19.    CIA Gears Up to Thwart 'Information Attacks'       Deutch Lists Computer Break-Ins, Terrorism as       High-Priority Potential Threats to National Security    By R. Jeffrey Smith    CIA director John M. Deutch warned yesterday that the    country is likely to experience some a very large and    uncomfortable" disruptions of vital computer systems at the    hands of foreign terrorists or hostile nations in coming    years, but pledged a major new U.S. effort to detect and    combat the threat of computer break-ins.    "We have evidence that a number of countries around the    world are developing the doctrine, strategies, and tools to    conduct information attacks" on military-related computers,    Deutch told a hearing of the Senate Permanent Subcommittee    on Investigations, while declining to name these nations.    Deutch added that he is convinced that foreigners are    becoming increasingly aware "that advanced societies,    especially the United States, are increasingly dependent on    open and potentially vulnerable" computers to control    electric power, airplane traffic, telecommunications and    financial operations -- posing an attractive target for    virtually "any nation or foreign terrorist organization."    Emphasizing that the Clinton administration has just begun    to grasp the dangers involved and begin working on the    problem, Deutch said "we are not well-organized as a    government to address these issues" and cautioned that    making vital computers much less vulnerable to attack may    take decades.    "The electron is the ultimate precision-guided weapon,"    Deutch said, but "it is not [a problem about] which it's    absolutely apparent ... the best way to proceed."    Deutch said he nonetheless had already drawn up plans to    create an office at the National Security Agency to be    called the Information Warfare Technology Center, which    will focus on analyzing the risks that foreign hackers pose    to U.S. computers and help create new methods of    investigating and defending the U.S. against electronic    break-ins.    Deutch also said that he supports creating a "real-time    response center" for any major domestic or foreign attacks    against civilian computers under the supervision of the    Justice Department, as well as a separate, Defense    Department center for responding to attacks on    military-related computers.    Deutch disclosed that the intelligence community conducted    an extensive survey last year of the risks of an attack on    computers controlling U.S. telephones, the electric power    grid, oil refineries and other utilities. He said the    results are classified, but added that a new, broader    estimate of the threat is to be completed by December.    He also said the intelligence community has begun to hunt    more diligently for evidence of any foreign intent to    attack U.S. computers, any sign of foreign sponsorship for    U.S.-based computer hacking activities, and for any    indication that foreign organized crime figures are    becoming involved in attacks on computers at U.S. financial    institutions.    The Defense Intelligence Agency, moreover, is trying to    develop a way to predict a major "information warfare    attack" against the United States, Deutch said.    One obstacle is that banks and other private institutions    have been reluctant to divulge any evidence of computer    intrusions for fear that it will leak and erode the    confidence of their customers. Deutch said "the situation    is improving" but that more cooperation was needed from    major corporations, and said the CIA remains willing to    share information with such firms about the risks they    might face.    Although he declined to cite any specific examples of    computer warfare, Deutch said he would list it as the    second most worrisome threat to U.S. national security --    just below the threat posed by foreign chemical, nuclear,    and biological arms.    In answer to a question from Senator Sam Nunn (D Ga.) about    whether the government was aware of the danger, Deutch    said, "I don't know whether we will face an electronic    Pearl Harbor, but we will have, I'm sure, some very    unpleasant circumstances in this area or our allies    will.... I'm certainly prepared to predict some very, very    large and uncomfortable incidents in this area."    [End]     Final notice:  Wash Post on the Web at:

@_date: 1996-06-27 10:34:58
@_author: John Young by way of Censored Girls Anonymous <carolann@censored.org> 
@_subject: The Reno Text URL..... 
Why, thank you very much for the kewl compliment. May I correct your correction of the URL for addres.txt: it should be "jya"
not "jwa," to read:      Several c'punks have kindly noted my clumsy typing thumbs by breaking them.
Regards,

@_date: 1996-06-29 09:59:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DUO_pol 
We offer cypherpunk Jim Ray's column in The Miami Herald of    June 24 on suppression of political freedom in Florida by    the Democrat-Republican duopoly.      (5 kb)    DUO_pol

@_date: 1996-06-29 10:12:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CIA Fears Hackers, Anonymity 
CIA Director Deutch's comments in the Defense Daily article below about hacker surveillance and the national security threat of anonymity:    "Tools are readily available on the Internet, and    hackers [computer experts] are a source for any    foreign nation or terrorist organization," he said.    The personal anonymity provided by cyberspace also    aids foreign agents, Deutch said, adding that    "hackers, with or without their full knowledge, may be    supplying advice and expertise to rogue states such as    Iran and Libya."    The CIA and other agencies are working to collect    information about hackers and their activities from    both informants and from other advanced means,    including signals intelligence, Deutch said. The CIA    is working closely with the Federal Bureau of    Investigations (FBI) and the Department of Justice to    collect and analyze information about hackers and    their relationships with organized crime and foreign    agents, he said. ------ Defense Daily, 26 June 1996 Deutch Orders Information Warfare Estimate The nation's top intelligence official said Tuesday that he has ordered a major review of foreign threats to the U.S. information, banking, and telecommunications networks.  "The treat of information warfare and the damage it could cause to the U.S. is so significant that it warrants an National Intelligence Estimate (NIE)," John Deutch, Director of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), told the Senate Government Affairs committee yesterday. He added that disruption of the information infrastructure could give terrorists or foreign governments the ability to weaken U.S. national security. "Information attacks could not only disrupt our daily lives, but also seriously jeopardize our national or economic security," he added. Deutch said he ordered the NIE to focus attention on how vulnerable the nation's computer-based telecommunications and information networks are to foreign governments and terrorist groups, which are both, despite their relative differences in personnel and funding, potential threats to U.S. information networks. Information warfare is neither manpower intensive nor an expensive form of terrorism, Deutch said, adding that even the smallest radical group can exploit the unregulated and undefended expanse of cyberspace. For example, the Islamic militant group Hezboullah has been using the Internet and other modern means of communications for their daily operations, Deutch said. Such technology could also be used to launch a terrorist act on the U.S., he added. This NIE will determine the damage terrorists or foreign governments could inflict were they to combine information warfare techniques with conventional military tactics to attack the U.S. An NIE, which details potential security threats to the U.S., is usually crafted by the National Intelligence Council (NIC), a senior panel of career intelligence officers and academics. This NIE, however, will also include comments from the U.S. law enforcement community, the Defense Information Security Agency, the armed services, and representatives from the major telecommunications providers, Deutch said. The threat estimate is expected to be complete by December 1, 1996, he added. Preliminary evaluations conducted by the U.S. intelligence community suggest that such a coordinated information attack could seriously disrupt electric power grids, air traffic control centers, banks and the stock market, or even the operational effectiveness of deployed U.S. military forces. Deutch is concerned about the ease with which enemy agents can obtain the hardware and software required to attack the information infrastructure. "Tools are readily available on the Internet, and hackers [computer experts] are a source for any foreign nation or terrorist organization," he said. The personal anonymity provided by cyberspace also aids foreign agents, Deutch said, adding that "hackers, with or without their full knowledge, may be supplying advice and expertise to rogue states such as Iran and Libya." In addition to the high technology, computer-based threat to the U.S. information infrastructure, foreign agents could use conventional explosives to destroy key information facilities and data processing centers. Previous studies conducted by the U.S. intelligence community suggests that numerous foreign nations are creating "cyber-warfare" techniques for application on the modern battlefield, Deutch said. Those programs are geared towards crippling an enemy's command and control centers or disabling air defense networks, he added. Based upon the progress made by these military programs, disrupting U.S. civilian and commercial information networks would be easy, Deutch said. The U.S. intelligence community has begun several activities in response to the emerging cyber-threat, he said. The CIA and other agencies are working to collect information about hackers and their activities from both informants and from other advanced means, including signals intelligence, Deutch said. The CIA is working closely with the Federal Bureau of Investigations (FBI) and the Department of Justice to collect and analyze information about hackers and their relationships with organized crime and foreign agents, he said. Both the intelligence and law enforcement communities are trying to work with private industry and academia in this cyber-warfare campaign, he said. The Pentagon and the CIA may reorganize existing personnel and efforts to create a new information warfare center at the National Security Agency, he added. -----

@_date: 1996-06-29 22:57:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The End of Science 
Natalie Angier, the sharp-witted science reporter for The    New York Times, reviews "The End of Science," by John    Horgan, a senior writer at Scientific American, in the June        In this intellectually bracing, sweepingly reported,       often brilliant and sometimes bullying book, John Horgan       makes the powerful case that the best and most exciting       scientific discoveries are behind us. He argues that       many scientists today, particularly those he interviewed       for this book, are "gripped by a profound unease." Part       of that malaise results from all the sociopolitical       irritants we've heard about: the dwindling financial       resources, the vicious competition, the strident       antipathy of animal rights activists, religious       fundamentalists, technophobes and the like.       But a far more important source of despair, Mr. Horgan       insists, is that scientists are beginning to sense that       "the great era of scientific discovery is over." The big       truths, the primordial truths, the pure truths about       "the universe and our place in it" have already been       mapped out. Science has been so spectacularly successful       at describing the principal features of the universe, on       a scale from quarks to the superstructure of galaxies,       that the entire enterprise may well end up the       paradoxical victim of its own prosperity. "Further       research may yield no more great revelations or       revolutions," he writes, "but only incremental,       diminishing returns."    While Angier does not agree with his thesis that the major    problems of science have been solved, she commends his    incisive critique of scientists who cannot give up the    dream of omniscience, many of whom he has interviewed for    the book -- Stephen Jay Gould, Roger Penrose, Steven    Weinberg, Daniel Dennett, Stuart Kauffman, Marvin Minsky,    John Wheeler, Frank Tipler and others.    She summarizes Horgan's view of detumescent science:       Where does that leave contemporary scientists? They can       either pursue small, manageable and vaguely boring       science (sequencing the complete complement of human DNA       may fall into this category), or they can turn to what       Mr. Horgan calls "ironic science." Such science is       "speculative, postempirical," resembling literary       criticism "in that it offers points of view, opinions,       which are, at best, interesting." Ironic science is       provocative, he says, but it fails to converge on the       truth. " It cannot achieve empirically verifiable       surprises that force scientists to make substantial       revisions in their basic description of reality," he       writes.    ----------    For those without access to NYT, the full review is    available at:          (11 kb)    Or, we will E-mail a copy. Send a blank message to     with the subject THE_end

@_date: 1996-06-30 14:59:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: In From the Cold 
June 28 the NYT and Wash Post reported on a new report on    intelligence:       In From the Cold: The Report of the Twentieth Century       Fund Task Force on the Future of U.S. Intelligence.    This report supplements and differs somewhat from the three    released earlier this year by the Brown Commission,    Representative Combest's Committee and the Council on    Foreign Relations. It recommends greater emphasis on    economic intelligence and less on military support as well    as reduction of covert operations. Here's an excerpt from    the Foreword:       The Task Force discerned basic problems that merit far       greater attention. Foremost among them is the       intelligence community's increasing preoccupation with       military priorities since the Soviet Union's collapse,       which has coincided with a decline in the usefulness of       intelligence to civilian policymakers. To help strike a       more equitable balance between the military and civilian       needs of the government, the Task Force proposes       specific recommendations for strengthening what it       perceives to be four pervasive shortcomings: 1) the       atrophying analytic capabilities of the intelligence       community and U.S. foreign policy agencies; 2) the lack       of productive and effective interactions between the       intelligence community and civilian officials who make       foreign policy decisions; 3) a clandestine service whose       costs have too often exceeded its benefits; and 4)       poorly organized, unfocused, and often mediocre economic       intelligence efforts.    The full volume is 275 pages, composed of introductions,     the main 21-page report and three extensive and detailed    background papers of 248 pages.    The introductions and main report are at:         (60 kb)    INF_rom    ----------       In From The Cold: The Report of the Twentieth Century       Fund Task Force on the Future of U.S. Intelligence.       With Background papers by Allan E. Goodman, Gregory F.       Treverton and Philip Zelikow       The Twentieth Century Fund Press, New York, 1996. $5.95       ISBN 0-87078-392-0       To order by telephone: 1-800-552-5450

@_date: 1996-06-30 21:29:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: UK Crypto regs? 
Adam, Thanks for forwarding that delightful report from Ross Anderson on the IEE
TTP romp. His grimly comical description of the hauty evasiveness of governmental
infosec turkeys fits the U.S. sessions on GAK. These power-drunk birds just
aren't used to answering to an aroused, sober, informed public on the
cluckers' no longer secretly enjoyed private stocks of
if-you-gnu-what-we-brew inebriants. Pray British rabble-rousers continue to grieve the red-nosed authorities as
have the colonials theirs. Is there more info on when the OECD report is due?

@_date: 1996-03-01 09:27:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MAF_ios 
3-1-96. TWP:
   "Expert Panel Wants Intelligence Director to Hold More
   Power."
      The commission finds that the patchwork of 14 separate
      intelligence agencies is functioning well in its current
      form. To meet tbe growing threat of worldwide criminal
      activity the panel suggested creation of a high-level
      policy group run out of the White House, called tbe
      Global Crime Committee. It would be chaired by the
      president's national security adviser and would include
      the AG, State, DoD, and the DCI.
   "Turner: CIA Nearly Used A Journalist in Tehran."
      CIA's covert operators do not want to reopen the debate.
      As Turner put it, "Is the media case stronger than
      businessmen or academics? The covert operators are
      worried that we may reach a point where prohibitions
      will get us down to where there is nobody left to spy
      but the Foreign Service."
   3-1-96. NYT:
   "Commission Recommends Streamlined Spy Agencies."
      Most of the changes the report will recommend are
      evolutionary, not revolutionary. Intelligence officials
      used the same word to describe it: "underwhelming." The
      report fails to answer the big overstaffing problem. An
      official said the resistance within the intelligence
      agencies to staff cutting would be so strong that the
      downsizing would never happen.
   MAF_ios

@_date: 1996-03-01 23:11:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: HYP_not 
3-1-96. NYT:
   "Speed Record: One Trillion Bits a Second."
      Fujitsu, NTT and AT&T have succeeded, each separately,
      for the first time in transmitting information at the
      rate of one trillion bits a second through optical
      fiber.
   "Microsoft Backs Ratings System For the Internet."
      The system, called RSAC-1, will enable parents and
      teachers to censor Web sites due to violence, sexual
      themes, nudity or offensive language. Other companies
      support the PICS form of censorship in terror of market-
      share loss to the tele-vigilantes.
      [Gates told a Mexican sports stadium audience that no
      real money can be made on the Internet until it has the
      speed to interactively out-hypnotize television.]
   HYP_not

@_date: 1996-03-04 00:44:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MTM_moi 
EcoMist, March 2, 1996:    "Many people believe that the Internet will make middlemen    extinct. It is more likely to help them thrive."       The Net's fans argue that it allows consumers to bypass       intermediaries while increasing their choices and       finding better bargains. One influential proponent of       this idea is Bill Gates. Compelling as they seem,       however, these arguments do not prove their case.       Hal Varian, an economist at the UC Berkeley, claims       there will be greater competition among intermediaries,       and maybe many more of them. Instead of competing on the       basis of inside information, those agents will compete       by adding value in other ways.       The Internet will put some intermediaries out of       business, but it will create more work for others. And       among these will be not only  suppliers of familiar       services, but also a new breed monitoring Internet       sites, collecting news and information, and repackaging       it -- folk, in other words, like Mr Gates.    MTM_moi

@_date: 1996-03-04 01:50:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Assassination Politics 9! 
The Economist of March 2 has a cover story on state, church and private
terrorism, the effectiveness and failures of each, the arguments and
apologies, the savages and the victims, the lucrative concocting of
imaginary enemies -- military, religious, political, personal. It's conclusions are ... well, have a read and dread how the Demon Trio of
state, church and private super-righteous sub-humans will murder you and
your loved ones next to fulfill their blind ambitions.

@_date: 1996-03-04 22:45:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Crypto Bills 
The New York Times, March 4, 1996, p. D4.    Compromise Bills Due on Data Encryption       Industry Opponents and Civil Libertarians Are Lukewarm,       at Best    By John Markoff    Legislation will be introduced in the House and the Senate    tomorrow in an effort to break the deadlock between the    computer industry and the Clinton Administration over the    control and export of software and hardware used to    scramble electronic data.    So far, though, the proposed measures have received only    cautious endorsement from industry executives, while    civil-liberties and privacy groups say they are worried    that the bills would enable the Government to decode    scrambled transmissions.    Senator Patrick J. Leahy, Democrat of Vermont, and    Representative Bob Goodlatte, Republican of Virginia, plan    to introduce similar bills that affirm the right of    Americans to use any type of data-coding equipment without    restriction and prohibit the mandatory use of special keys    that would allow law-enforcement agencies to read scrambled    data. Their bills would also make it a crime to use    encryption technology in committing a crime and would    permit the export of data-coding software and hardware if    similar technology was available from a foreign supplier.    Data-coding, or encryption, technology is based on    mathematical formulas that rely on the immense computing    challenge inherent in factoring large numbers. Until    recently, such technology was largely used by military and    intelligence organizations and by some corporations like    banks. As electronic mail and commerce have become    increasingly accessible, however, the technology has become    more controversial.    In April 1993, the Clinton Administration proposed a    national data-encryption standard known as Clipper, based    on a system that would have made it possible for    law-enforcement agencies, if authorized by a court, to    decode private voice and data communications.    The Clipper initiative has been strongly opposed by    industry executives and privacy advocates. They argue that    reliable coding technology is essential for commerce and    privacy protection on the Internet. They also say that    strict export rules are increasingly hindering the ability    of United States corporations to compete with foreign    suppliers.    The proposed legislation would ease some current    restrictions on the exporting of data-coding systems, but    civil libertarians still see areas of concern.    "The bills relax export controls, which is clearly a step    in the right direction," conceded Marc Rotenberg, director    of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, a Washington    research and policy organization. But the negatives, he    said, were that the bills opened the door to Government    access to private transactions "and criminalize the use of    cryptography when it is used to perpetrate a crime."    Industry officials said they expected the legislation to    stir little enthusiasm from corporate users. "Corporate    America is absolutely unwilling to give a third party    control of their data," said Jim Bidzos, chief executive of    RSA Data Security, a maker of encryption software based in    Redwood City, Calif.    [End]

@_date: 1996-03-05 03:06:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PAB_lum 
3-4-96. WSJ:    "U.S. Commission Recommends Staff Cuts at Intelligence    Agencies."       The most numerous cuts would be at the CIA, DIA and NSA.       Former Sen. Warren Rudman said the super-secret NSA,       which conducts various forms of electronic eavesdropping       abroad, was most in need of a cut that could provide       money for new computer-related technology and bring in       people with new technical skills.    3-3-96. NYT:    "Spy Pablum." [Editorial]       After a year of study and high public expectations, the       commission stepped up to this promising moment with all       the spine of a rag doll. There is nothing radical about       its report, which is precisely its problem. When it       comes to the larger picture of just what kind of       intelligence network America needs now that the cold war       is over, and whether some agencies ought to be combined       or eliminated altogether, the commission lacks       imagination and courage.    PAB_lum

@_date: 1996-03-05 08:48:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Report on Privacy Enhancing 
Does anyone how to get a copy of the report on "privacy    enhancing technologies - the path to anonymity" cited in    this paper from the Canberra/OECD conference on Feb 7-8:           Issues Facing Government : Meeting Public Concerns    Kevin O'Connor    Privacy Commissioner, Australia    [Giant snip]       In my own sphere of activity, there is some discussion       taking place over the potential of new technologies and       applications to assist with privacy protection.  A       recent report from the Dutch and Ontario Privacy       Commissioners entitled Privacy enhancing technologies -       the path to anonymity, offers some intriguing       suggestions about the potential of public key       cryptography for use in digital signatures to act as       'identity protectors' - allowing transactions to be       completed and accounted for without the true identity of       the participants needing to be known.       While there are some obvious concerns about such       technologies from a law enforcement perspective, which       we have already heard about from the previous speaker,       these should not be insuperable obstacles.  On the other       hand, the registration of digital signatures and public       keys, with sufficient integrity to gain commercial and       governmental confidence, itself raises additional       privacy concerns.  The complex issues involved are only       just starting to be addressed. ...    -----    Encouragingly, another paper by Matthew Bowcock           states:    [Big snip]       Controls on Encryption Technology       There has been much heated debate worldwide about       restrictions on the use of encryption technology, so       that law enforcement and national security agencies can       continue to intercept communications. Two questions are       worth asking in this debate.       Firstly, is interception of private communications a       governmental right, which must therefore be protected in       the face of technological change, or is it an accidental       consequence of the weaknesses of the communication       techniques that we have been using? I would argue that       it is the latter and that there is no community       obligation to protect it.       Secondly, is a country better served by a vibrant,       efficient, electronic economy, using trusted secure       communication techniques for its day to day business, or       by attempting to reduce organised crime by restricting       use of technology? So far, much of the opposition to       restrictions on the use of encryption technology has       centred around a right to privacy and civil libertarian       issues. Perhaps, instead, we need to quantify the       opportunity cost, in economic terms, of delayed and       lower levels of adoption of electronic commerce by the       business community because the security mechanisms are       not sufficiently trustworthy. It may be that the cost to       the economy of restricting the use of encryption       technology outweighs the benefits to the community. ...

@_date: 1996-03-05 19:39:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Assassination Politics 9! 
Mr. Bell, The Economist terrorism report is unusally thoughtful and open-minded, and
considers the benefits of savaging innocents from the perspectives of a
variety of deeply held beliefs. But after revewing the plenitude of those who have murdered for
understandable motives, it does point to a very small group who truly lack
any rationale for earthly comprehension. Not that I want to get on your "Shit, shoot that fucker" list, but take a
look at it to double-check that you're not skydiving into the wrong
maelstrom. It's pretty long, but I'll gladly scan it and send it along. If not that, read Tim's pithy warning today about shit-stormtroopers
provoked by the daredeviltry of extreme-unctuous freedom fighters.

@_date: 1996-03-06 07:24:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FT on Crypto Cloud 
Financial Times, March 6, 1996, IT Section, p. V.    Network Security: Operating under a cloud of uncertainty       Companies face a complex web of technical, legal and       moral questions    The IT security threat has long been depicted in terms of    wild-eyed hackers hunched over terminals late into the    night. But while there is real cause for concern about    criminal activity over computer networks, large    corporations are very worried about another threat to their    use of electronic communications.    Meanwhile, government restrictions on the use of data    encryption codes in various countries are limiting the    ability of commercial organisations to protect themselves.    Cryptography is at the heart of this dilemma. Governments    all over the world rely on specialist intelligence units to    break down data transmissions from other nations and    individuals while encrypting their own messages.    The US National Security Agency and the UK's Government    Communications HQ are the best-known of these agencies.    The NSA is notorious for obsessive secrecy. Meanwhile, in    the UK, the GCHQ has lifted its traditional reticence in    recent years to offer advice to British companies concerned    with data security.    Mr Roger James, chairman of Cheshire-based communications    software specialist Boldon James, has worked with GCHQ to    define data standards for UK government departments. Mr    James plays down the cloak-and-dagger imagine of GCHQ, but    instead he describes his contact with its staff as    "horribly technical". He also portrays the Cheltenham    code-breakers as "very down-to-earth people".    There are two ways of looking at security, he says "one is    the practical approach, which means accepting that perfect    security is impossible to obtain. The other is the Ivory    Tower approach, which involves dreaming of a world in which    security is absolute. There are a lot of 'practicalists' in    GCHQ".    Mr James, whose clients include the Britannia Building    Society and the German Navy, is active in the European    Electronic Messaging Association. He is concerned at the    lack of a co-ordinated European policy on encryption. And    he fears that effective security measures could become    illegal with the advent of future legislation curbing the    availability of encryption software.    It is illegal at the moment to use strong cryptography    techniques in France without first depositing the key to    unlocking your codes with the French government. UK    companies developing sophisticated security programs find    their software classified as munitions and subject to tight    export restrictions, even within the EC.    In the US, the author of strong encryption program, called    'Pretty Good Privacy', found himself facing a Grand Jury    and possible charges of exporting prohibited technology.    The NSA has proposed that all personal computers made in    the US contain the Clipper Chip. This security feature    would give easy access to any data communications, however    the user chose to encode it. The proposal is currently    stalled, having met with ferocious opposition.    Both suppliers of information technology and industry at    large need to clear a path through this international maze.    The legal structure surrounding the use of encryption    technology is of particular concern to anyone working in    electronic commerce.    "The Clipper Chip debate raised a fundamental moral issue,"    says Mr James. "Software technology means that strong    encryption, previously available only to the military, can    now be obtained by the public. If governments then find    messages hard to break, it leads immediately to a conflict    of interest."    One company that has confronted this apparent conflict of    interest between state and commerce, with its attendant    uncertainty, is the Anglo-Dutch oil giant, Shell. Mr Nick    Mansfield, a Shell technical consultant specialising in    information security, says the company is enthusiastic    about the potential for eliminating paperwork across its    sprawling global operations -- "we are committed to    electronic trading," he says. "We have a vast    electronic-mail network. But there is still a section of    our business where we have to use paper".    Contract agreements are at issue here. Until security can    be absolutely guaranteed, bilateral agreements must be seen    to be tamper-proofed. Shell is about to deploy technology    to secure personal computers and PC servers across the    world. This e-mail security system will cost around L1m in    software purchasing plus L100,000 a year to run. It will    have 4,000 users.    Far from escalating costs, Mr Mansfield explains that    expenses are falling as security improves. Shell used to    run a secure telex network that cost L4m in technology and    required L200,000 a year to support 120 sites. This was    superseded by a secure fax network costing L1m in systems,    plus L100,000 in annual maintenance for 200 sites. The    latest system will expand secure messaging beyond the fax    network's remit.    But setting up this security system involved Shell in a    long and involved process. Its chosen security software is    subject to close scrutiny by the UK authorities, who worked    with Shell to customise the program before it could be    released for use overseas.    While Mr Mansfield is pleased that Shell's security system    is so strong, it required an export licence and he echoes    the concerns of EEMA's Mr James -- "it's a cart and horse    situation. Until governments agree on policy and relax some    restrictions, industry won't be encouraged to development    extreme standards of encryption".    There needs to be a broad European debate on this issue.    Until this complex web of technical, legal and moral    questions are resolved, secure commercial data networks    will be operating under a cloud of uncertainty.    Michael Dempsey    [End]    Note: Shell's Nick Mansfield was a speaker at the OECD    cryptography conference in Paris in December.    This issue of FT includes a 22-page special section on    Information Technology.

@_date: 1996-03-06 13:28:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TER_ror 
EcoMist, March 2, 1996:    "What is terrorism? The use of terror is more widespread    and effective than is generally recognised."       A special essay that weighs military action, guerrilla       warfare and terrorism.    TER_ror    -----    This issue also presents "in the mind of the terrorist," "a    new plan for Ulster" and "Israel, Palestine and Hamas."

@_date: 1996-03-07 07:23:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: POO_bah 
3-6-96. TWP and NYT give additional reports on WW II atomic    spying by the Soviets revealed by decoding cables under    NSA's Venona program. With more on the role of physicist    Theodore Hall and others initially reported by TWP on    February 25. NYT quotes David Kahn on the "unquestionable"    code-breaking and doubts of FBI "gumshoe" follow-up of    decrypted leads. TWP's is more robust, quotes poo-bahs.    POO_bah

@_date: 1996-03-09 13:09:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PET - The Path to Anonymity 
Tracing the lead from the Canberra/OECD paper to the    excellent Ontario Privacy Commission site:              summary.html    This summary of privacy papers includes:    Privacy-Enhancing Technologies:  The Path to Anonymity    (Volume 1):  A Joint Project of the Office of the    Information and Privacy Commissioner/Ontario and the    Registratierkamer, The Netherlands discusses concerns    associated with the trail of identifying information    created by electronic transactions, and a number of    techniques for introducing an identity protector into    information systems. The paper provides background    information, the details of the joint survey, and the    conclusions and recommendations. (August 1995, 107 KB, 26    pages). Available through:       ftp://ftp.ipc.on.ca/ftp/ftp_site.eng/matters/sum_pap/       papers     ----------    In the Netherlands, two volumes are listed (along with    other choice crypto books) at the most informative site:               scripties95/groep8/literatuurlijst.html     Registratiekamer. Privacy-enhancing technologies: the path    to annonimity, volume I, augustus 1995.    ISBN 90 346 320 24.    Registratiekamer. Privacy-enhancing technologies: the path    to annonimity, volume II, augustus 1995.    ISBN 90 346 320 24.    _________________________________________________________    Links are provided to such privacy tools as the admirable    "Identity Protector" at:              scripties95/groep8/ip.html                       DE IDENTITY PROTECTOR     [Snip]    De identity protector heeft de volgende functies:       * rapporteert en controleert verzoeken wanneer de       werkelijke identiteit bekend wordt;       * genereert pseudo-identiteiten;       * vertaalt pseudo-identiteiten naar werkelijke       identiteiten;       * converteert pseudo-identiteiten naar andere       pseudo-identiteiten;       * voorkomt verkeerd gebruik.    De gebruiker kan, met behulp van de identity protector,    zelf bepalen bij welke aanbieders van diensten zijn    werkelijke identiteit mag worden onthuld.     Het gebruik van een identity protector verdeeld het    informatiesysteem in twee domeinen. En waarin de    werkelijke identiteit van de gebruiker bekend of    toegankelijk is, en n waarin deze door de identity    protector is afgeschermd. Het domein waarin de werkelijke    identiteit bekend is noemen we het identiteits-domein, het    domein waarin deze is vervangen door een pseudo-identiteit    noemen we het pseudo-domein. ...    _________________________________________________________    The Australians, Canadians and Dutch seem far ahead of the    US in promoting technologies for protecting privacy. It    makes one wonder if it is the intrusive practices and    technologies of the super-surveillance US that they fear    even as most Americans ostrich the sand.

@_date: 1996-03-10 03:26:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EXR_ciz 
3-5-96. TWP:    "Untangling the Spy Network's Webs."       Chairman Combest of the House intelligence committee       yesterday proposed making the CIA's DO into a separate       service and splitting the NRO into two giant technical       agencies to handle satellites. The CIA would control       most long-range intelligence work, some of which is now       handled by the CIO and some by the NSA. The biggest       change in terms of size would put the NSA, which has       more than 25,000 analysts, in a new Technical Collection       Agency that would also take in the managerial functions       of NRO and parts of imagery analysis from CIO.    3-5-96. NYT:    "Proposal Would Reorganize U.S. Intelligence Agencies."       The intelligence services are held in low regard by the       public and some leaders -- State complains about the       quality of analytical papers; Defense bad-mouths the       quantity of intelligence; and Congress gripes about too       many secrets and not enough accountability. Rep. Goss,       a former member of the CIA's DO, said the proposal aimed       to rebuild the credibility of the agency's spies: "The       whole exercise we're going through is meant to restore       that."    EXR_ciz

@_date: 1996-03-10 05:11:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SLE_aze 
3-8-96. FT:  "Asean forum to fight Internet sleaze."       The Association of South-East Asian Nations agreed       yesterday to censor "negative elements" of the Internet.       Information ministers are concerned about "information       contamination" and agreed on the need for regulation and       to learn from each other's experience, particularly from       Singapore.    3-6-96. WSJ: "Singapore Unveils Sweeping Measures To    Control Words, Images on Internet."       Singapore said it will concentrate on individuals or       organizations putting content on the Internet and the       country's three access providers. Only public forums, or       electronic spaces where people can converse or create       displays visible to others who journey there, will fall       under the regulations.    3-8-96. TWP: "FBI Advertises for Tips On Spies From    Vietnam."       FBI officials said the advertisements were prompted by       an increase in activity by Vietnam's intelligence agents        impersonating relatives of Vietnamese Americans to sneak       into the country and steal high-technology secrets.    SLE_aze (for 3)

@_date: 1996-03-11 00:28:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FCC v. Internet Phone? 
TWP March 8: "Long-Distance Dueling. Free Dialing Via Internet Faces a Challenge From
Small Phone Firms." VIA_net

@_date: 1996-03-11 03:05:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TER_ror 
The Economist, March 2, 1996, pp. 23-25.    What is terrorism?       The use of terror is more widespread and effective than       is generally recognised    June 1914: a young man in Sarajevo steps up to a carriage    and fires his pistol. The Archduke Eerdinand dies. Within    weeks, the first world war has begun. The 1940s: the French    resistance kill occupying troops when and how they can.    June 1944: at Oradour-sur-Glane, in central France, German    SS troops take revenge, massacring 642 villagers. August    1945: the United States Air Eorce drops the world's first    nuclear weapons. Some 190,000 Japanese die, nearly all of    them civilians. Within days the second world war has ended.    Which of these four events was an act of terrorism? Which    achieved anything? Which, if any, will history judge as    justified? And whose history? Terrorism is not the simple,    sharp-edged, bad-guy phenomenon we all love to condemn. No    clear line marks off politics from the threat of force,    threat from use, use from covert or open war. Who is or is    not a terrorist? The suicide bomber, the rebel guerrilla,    the liberation front, the armed forces of the state?    In practice, what act or person earns the label depends on    who wants to apply it. To Ulster loyalists all IRA violence    is terrorism; to Sinn Fein it is part of a legitimate    war.To many Israelis, everyone from the suicidebombers in    Jerusalem or Ashkelon to the Hizbollah grenade-thrower in    South Lebanon is a terrorist; to many Arabs during the 1982    Lebanon war, the worst terrorists in the Middle East were    the -- entirely legitimate, uniformed -- Israel Defence    Force.    If the concept is not to vanish into all-embracing fudge,    two distinctions can be drawn, though habitually they are    not. Terrorism is indeed about terror; not just violence,    but its use to spread terror. And the violence is aimed    specifically at civilians.    Classical terrorism, ideological rather than territorial,    reveals the niceties. Recent decades saw West Germany's    Baader-Meinhof gang and Red Army Faction murder prominent    businessmen such as Alfred Herrhausen and Jurgen Ponto    (bosses of Germany's two largest banks, Deutsche and    Dresdner respectively. Italy's Red Brigades murdered Aldo    Moro, a former prime minister. Its far right in 1980 blew    up a train in Bologna station, killing 84 people. Which of    these was truly terrorism? Arguably, only the last. It was    an act of indiscriminate violence to terrorise citizens at    large; the others were discriminate assassinations to win    publicity and display power.    Likewise, lobbing mortar-bombs into a British army base in    South Armagh may have deadly results, but it is guerrilla    warfare. Planting a bomb that kills a dozen diners in a    restaurant is terrorism. The suicide bomber in Jerusalem    was a terrorist; the Hizbollah fighter in South Lebanon    attacking Israeli army patrols is not.    Even in the distinction between guerrilla warfare and    terrorism, there are grey areas. The soldier in a tank is    a military target. What about one in a jeep escorting    civilian vehicles? Or returning on a bus from leave? A bus    that may -- and was, when a suicide bomber attacked it in    Gaza last April -- be carrying civilians too?    There are, in contrast, distinctions often made that ought    not to be. What is or is not "terrorism" does not depend on    the badness or goodness of the cause, nor on whether those    espousing it have the chance to express their demands    democratically. When President James Garfield was    assassinated in America in the same year, 1881, that a    Russian terrorist group blew up Tsar Alexander II, the    Russians wrote an open letter condemning Garfield's killers    and arguing that:       In a land where the citizens are free to express their       ideas, and where the will of the people does not merely       make the law but appoints the person who is to carry the       law into effect, political assassination is the       manifestation of despotism ... Despotism is always       blameworthy and force can only be justified when       employed to resist force.    Yet despotism does not justify throwing bombs into crowds    (as the group sometimes did).    The fact is that a good cause may use terrorism just as a    bad one may. South Africa has provided a clear example. The    ending of white dominance was a plainly good cause. For the    most part, the African National Congress used mass    demonstrations and industrial sabotage to advance its    cause. But the men who shot up a white church congregation    or planted a bomb outside a cinema were terrorists in the    purest sense of the word.    Nor does the terrorists' ultimate success or failure alter    the truth. Menachem Begin got to lead a country; Yasser    Arafat may do; Velupillai Prabhakaran, who leads the Tamil    Tigers, probably will not. None of that changes the fact    that Deir Yassin (a massacre of Palestinian villagers by    Israelis fighting to establish their state), the killing of    11 Israeli athletes at the Munich Olympics in 1972 and this    year's Tamil Tiger bomb in Colombo were all acts of terror.    The terror of the state    So much for the underdogs. Can there be terrorist    governments too? The Americans certainly think so when they    accuse Libya or Iran of supporting international terrorism.    In the cold war, international terrorists were used to wage    war by proxy: the East German regime provided safe houses    for Baaders and Meinhofs; the modern era's most notorious    terrorist, the gun-for-hire Carlos the Jackal, made his    career in this world of state-sponsored terrorism.    All that was diplomacy by terror. Can a recognised    government also be guilty of terrorism against its own    people?    Yes. Stalin used terror systematically to consolidate his    power -- random murders of Communist-Party members and army    officers in the 1930s, massacres and exiles of smaller    ethnic groups throughout his rule. Much of Latin America    practised state terrorism in recent decades. The brasshat    regimes of the day faced left-wing, sometimes terrorist    movements. Many fought back with terror. And not just    through paramilitaries or unacknowledged death squads. The    infamous massacre at El Mozote in El Salvador in 1981 was    the work of that country's regular army. The unit that did    it had a cheerful song of its own,       "Somos Guerreros":       We are warriors,       Warriors all!       We are setting out to kill       A mountain of terrorists.    What in fact they killed was over 500 peasants; probably    the worst "official" massacre in Latin America's recent    history.    Can regular armies, in regular war, be guilty of terrorism?    The answer, surely, is yes. Look at the Japanese rape of    Nanking in 1937, when not hundreds or thousands but ten of    thousands of civilians were murdered, to terrorise the rest    of China. Then go a step further. Can the armies of proud    democracies be guilty too? A century ago, the rich world,    with the rules of war that it claimed to use, would have    called attacking civilians impermissable. The modern world    has other ideas. The Allied bombing of Germany was aimed at    civilians in the hope of shattering morale: in short,    terror. The fire bombing of Tokyo and the atomic weapons    that vaporised Hiroshima and Nagasaki were arguably aimed    at government morale, not that of Japan's population. Their    victims did not notice the difference.    Who kills and how?    What use, one can ask, is a definition so wide that it can    go from Stalin to the American air force? There are two    answers.    First, it is a reminder that terrorism, historically, has    been the tool of the strong, not the weak. Medieval armies,    having taken a besieged town, would slaughter some or all    of the citizens to encourage other towns to surrender    faster. During India's struggle for independence, by far    the worst terror was the Amritsar massacre in 1919, when    British-officered troops shot up a political gathering, and    carried on shooting until the bullets ran out; 379    civilians died (and it worked: the rebellious province of    Punjab returned to order). In contrast, discriminate    assassination was the typical weapon of the 19th-century    anarchist and nihilist.    By and large, true random terrorism has come in the past 30    years, as in the Bologna train bomb, the recent nerve-    gassing of the Tokyo metro by a religious cult, or the    Oklahoma City bomb; all three crimes were aimed at no    matter whom for a purpose so vague or Utopian as to seem    irrelevant, except to the deranged. Even in this period    most -- not all -- IRA killing was aimed at defined    targets: soldiers, policemen, individual Protestant farmers    in border areas. The Basque violence of ETA has often    followed this pattern. Peru's Shining Path guerrillas are    truer terrorists, but even they (mostly) prefer the    tactics, honed by the Vietcong, of killing officials, not    just (as in some infamous massacres) everyone in sight.    Algeria's and Sri Lanka's terrorists today probably have    the strongest claim to be called spreaders of true random    terror.    The second thing one can learn from the wide definition of    terrorism is that the phenomenon is neither uniquely    wicked, nor -- still less -- uniquely deadly. People fight    with the weapons they have: knives, Semtex, rifles,    fighter-bombers. All their users are alike convinced of    their own righteousness, all kill and all their victims are    equally dead. What they are not is equal in number. The    Munich terrorists killed 11 Israelis; Israel's retaliation    against the Lebanese town of Nabatiyeh, however justified,    killed about 100 Arabs. The State Department has totted up    the deaths due to international terrorism from 1968 through    1995. Its total, and it defines terrorism broadly, is    8,700. Twenty-four hours of air raids killed six times as    many civilians at Dresden in 1945. One is a crime, says    international law, the other a legitimate act of war.    The response    Is all this mere word-play? It is not. It crucially affects    responses to terrorism.    One true difference between a terrorist group and a    government is that the group is almost impossible to smash.    You can destroy or seize a government's ability to make    conventional war; you will never get every terrorist's last    stick of dynamite or timing mechanism, and it requires    wonderfully few terrorists to keep a civilised society on    edge.    But many other imagined differences are less great than    they might appear. It is a common error to suppose that    because terrorism is not war, and because its weapons are    not the full panoply of war, then the psychology of    terrorists must be different too. Of course, there are    plenty of curious specimens among terrorism's ranks: Carlos    the Jackal, now in French hands, was not just any old    gunman; or consider Abimael Guzman, an academic who until    his capture in 1992 led Peru's Shining Path movement. Every    terrorist must have personal devotion to the cause -- he    is, after all, risking his liberty, and often his life; not    many reluctant army conscripts, drafted by a legitimate    government, are likely feel the same way. And plainly, say    those who know them, the IRA and other groups include    people who enjoy violence for its own sake.    But so do most armies. And most governments, once at war,    can produce remarkable devotion to the national cause. In    its own terms, a warring terrorist group, like a warring    government, is "pursuing diplomacy by other means", even if    its means of war are different. It too is subject to highs    and lows, to war fatigue and collapses of morale, to    premature celebration of a battle won as if it had been the    war. It too can be threatened with a heavy hand; some of    its members may be wooed with a lighter one.    Terrorists, like governments, may be rational: they are    pursuing a policy they hope will succeed. And the more it    works, the more vigorously they will pursue it.    It is always hard, when terrorism is just one element in a    complex pattern of events, to identify its impact. But the    world is manifestly a different place because of acts of    terror. In 1948, the Israelis blew up the King David hotel,    the administrative centre of the British rulers of    Palestine. The atrocity helped persuade the British to    leave.    Often, terrorists help advance a general cause, but not    their own particular aims. That may be the case with the    IRA. Irish Republican terrorism helped dramatise the    nationalist cause throughout periods of discriminatory    Protestant rule. And Britain has made concessions to the    nationalists. In the Anglo-Irish agreement of 1985, the    British accepted the right of the Irish Republic to a say    in a province of the United Kingdom; in the two    governments' Downing Street declaration of 1993 Britain    said it had "no selfish strategic or economic interest in    Northern Ireland". It is hard to imagine any other    government saying such things of its own accord. Yet    whether it was the IRA that brought this about, or    persistent pressure from the Irish government and peaceful    nationalists in the north, is debatable. The leader of the    biggest nationalist party in Northern Ireland, John Hume,    argues that IRA terrorism has been the main obstacle to a    peaceful settlement in Ulster. If so, the IRA may also have    harmed the nationalist cause.    And sometimes, terrorists can advance both a general cause    and themselves. The PLO'S campaigns in the 1970s made the    organisation the dominant representative of the    Palestinians. They also helped solidify the Palestinians'    own sense of their distinct identity, which until then had    been relatively weak.    Just as terrorists make a difference to the world, so    changes in the world make a difference to terrorists. It    was not just their own weakness that led the British to    quit India, or later Cyprus (whose EOKA gunmen, though    damned as terrorists, were more like guerrilla fighters),    or later still Kenya (where they faced a genuinely    terrorist liberation movement). Weakness played its part,    but so did a world view that said colonial empires had had    their day. Much the same was true in South Africa. F.W. de    Klerk, probably the last white president there, may not    have been a more virtuous man than the architects of    apartheid who preceded him. But he was and is a realist,    who lived in different days and under different pressures.    In that case, a just cause plainly helped the terrorists.    For Muslim countries the Palestinian cause was no less    just. Western countries, guiltily aware of the horrors of    Jewish history, disagreed, and it took 20 years of Israeli    occupation and the intifada, the Palestinian uprising of    1987-90, to persuade them that the PLO too had a case. It    is still not one that much impresses Americans; and though    other westerners may have sympathy with Palestinian dreams    of statehood, any movement that still seeks a quite    different thing, the destruction of Israel, on top will --    very rightly -- find that its bombers face a western world    united behind the Jewish state.    Like the rest of us -- mostly    In all this, what is different about dealing with    terrorism? The answer, perhaps unsurprisingly, is not very    much.    Any government has its own interests, its own pressures,    its concessions it can make and those it cannot. It fights    its conventional wars with tanks and aircraft, its    small-scale wars -- partly terrorist, mostly not -- with    intelligence men and small arms. It cannot, usually, zap    the terrorists' territory as it could that of a hostile    state. But its psychology will be much the same in the two    cases -- and so will that of its enemies. The terrorist or    suicide bomber or gunman or fighter or liberation hero is    not different from other men (men, sic; rarely have women    played any notable part, any more than they have in    old-fashioned war).    With one notable exception: the nutters, whether with a    cause or no evident cause at all. The American way-out    redneck who thinks he has to plant a bomb, when he could    vote for Pat Buchanan, is beyond any but a psychiatrist's    reach. So too elitist solipsists like the Baader-Meinhof    mob, convinced that murder was justified because they knew    all the answers and it was society that was out of step.    Among the almost causeless, Italy's far right may have    sought instability, but for what? That was never clear. And    no known concession could have led Japan's Aum Shinrikyo    cult to put aside its chemistry set.    Is it coincidence that three of these four groups seem to    specialise in the true terrorism, the random murder of    civilians for terror's sake? Perhaps it is not.    [End]    This special essay is from an issue of The Economist that    also writes on "in the mind of the terrorist," "a new plan    for Ulster" and "Israel, Palestine and Hamas."

@_date: 1996-03-11 03:36:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SWI_tch 
Science, 1 March 1996:    "Isotope Switch Toughens Transistors."       Semiconductor researchers are reaching for superlatives       to describe the discovery that a simple isotope switch       deuterium for hydrogen can improve transistor lifetimes       by factors of 10 to 50, according to a paper just       accepted at APL.  The finding "has huge implications       worldwide," says Dan DiMaria of IBM.    "Mixing Nanotube Structures To Make a Tiny Switch."       Two research teams have developed a way to make an       all-carbon nanotube that behaves like a semiconductor at       one end and a metal at the other. The intersection in       the middle forms a gatelike junction that controls the       flow of electrons. In the macroworld, such gates, known       as heterojunctions, form the basis for transistors and       a host of other electronic devices. (PRL, 5 February.)    SWI_tch

@_date: 1996-03-11 10:09:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: To: s1018954 
Mail to your "from" address bounces with message "insufficient permission." Care to check that?

@_date: 1996-03-11 14:27:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ADL_mil 
"ADL Special Report: The Militia Movement in America."
      A 1995 national survey by the ADL offers disturbing
      evidence that the militia movement has continued to
      grow. The ADL survey also found that many hard-core
      militiamen believe that the United States Government
      itself conducted the Oklahoma City bombing to create an
      excuse for further depriving citizens of their
      constitutional rights. A continuing flow of information
      from ADL Regional offices around the country indicates
      militias are operating in at least 40 states, with
      membership reaching some 15,000, and that these numbers
      could rise still higher. The following is a 40-state
      summary of known militia activity.
   ADL_mil  (36 kb)
   [Thanks to AF]

@_date: 1996-03-12 00:10:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TWP on Crypto Keys 
The Washington Post, March 11, 1996, p. A18.
   Security and Software [Editorial]
   The number of computer users continues to grow, but use of
   the Internet for business and financial transactions isn't
   keeping pace. At least, that's the complaint of many who
   expected a flood of Americans to go on-line for banking,
   publishing and mail-ordering -- with tremendous profits to
   the on-line industries that handle these services. One big
   reason for the lag is customer concern about the safety of
   information, from credit-card numbers to bank balances and
   business secrets, in the hacker-rich environment of the
   Internet -- an eminently reasonable concern that many in
   the industry believe can be addressed only by the wider use
   and availability of sophisticated "encryption software,"
   which scrambles information en route, making it
   indecipherable to anyone who doesn't hold the key to the
   code.
   The sense that encryption technology holds the key to
   future economic growth on the Internet is pushing an arcane
   but intense argument between the Clinton administration and
   the computer industry over whether to lift existing
   restrictions on the export of the most powerful encryption
   software. The administration, especially its law
   enforcement agencies, bars on national security grounds the
   export of encryption software above a certain difficulty
   level, saying that it needs to be able, if neqessary, to
   seek and obtain the equivalent of a permit to wiretap. The
   makers of the software argue that these restrictions are
   ruinous for U.S. competitiveness in the international
   market because foreign customers want the most secure
   encryption available. Some civil liberties organizations
   argue that the restrictions are an invasion of customers'
   privacy rights.
   Legislation introduced this month in both the House and the
   Senate would ease the export restrictions while attempting
   to meet some of the government's security concerns. Code
   makers would deposit a "spare key" to any exported
   encryption software with a trusted third-party agency -- a
   compromise the Justice Department and national security
   agencies also have been pursuing in talks with the
   industry, but at which the industry hesitates because it
   fears that the existence of "spare keys lying around" would
   cause potential customers to balk. (The Justice Department
   also would like a spare-key agreement for encryption
   software sold domestically, but has less leverage because
   such sales require no license.)
   The legislation would heavily penalize any "key holder"
   agency that provides an unauthorized copy to anyone besides
   the government. But it also would make it legal to export
   any encryption technology that is already "generally
   available" -- for instance, in stores or on domestic
   computer bulletin boards.
   Such a sweeping change, law enforcement authorities fear,
   could render the other barriers and safeguards in the bill
   close to academic in the borderless, lightning-quick world
   of Internet transmission. Once it's widely available
   overseas, "uncrackable" software or hardware can't be
   recalled. The U.S. intelligence agencies with their
   superior computing power can still crack most coded
   software, if not immediately, then much faster than 99.9
   percent of ordinary commercial hackers. But that doesn't
   mean their concerns should be shrugged off. Like arms
   sales, encryption technology sales have implications for
   traditional national security interests as well as the
   economic kind. The urgent interest both sides share is to
   get this resolved soon.
   [End]

@_date: 1996-03-12 16:48:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Future of Electronic Commerce 
"The Future of Electronic Commerce," released March 11 by The Aspen Institute's Communications and Society Program, describes the new economics of transacting business in cyberspace, from consumer privacy to potential advantages for entrepreneurs.
The 270 kb report in .PDF format is available at:

@_date: 1996-03-13 00:25:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DOT_con 
3-12-96. TWP:
   "Making Connections With Dots To Decipher U.S. Spy
   Spending. Panel's Report Indirectly Discloses Details It
   Urged Keeping Secret."
      Buried in the commission's report is a chart that
      provides a striking account of previously secret spy
      spending and personnel levels for the CIA, NSA, DIA and
      NRO. The chart also confirms that the NSA, together with
      its various military service components employs the most
      people, a total of nearly 40,000 eavesdroppers and
      codebreakers. It appears to have an annual budget of
      around $3.7 billion.
   DOT_con

@_date: 1996-03-13 01:33:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Panorama of the Spy Industry 
_________________________________________________________
   FAS Project on Intelligence Reform    _________________________________________________________
                OVERHEAD THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY
   As part of our Intelligence Agency model homepage profiles
   of the components of the intelligence community, we are
   constructing a picture gallery of agency and contractor
   sites and buildings. These are derived from US Geological
   Survey and other aerial photographs. We obtained some of
   these initial test images from Los Alamos National Lab.

@_date: 1996-03-14 13:21:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Path to Anonymity 
Thanks to anonymous and AJ the exemplary report:
      Privacy-enhancing Technolgies: The Path to Anonymity
      Registratiekamer, The Netherlands
      Information and Privacy Commissioner/Ontario, Canada
      August 1995
      Volume I
      Volume II
   is available at:
         _________________________________________________________
   Introduction [Excerpts]
   The Dutch Data Protection Authority (the Registratiekamer)
   and the Information and Privacy Commissioner for the
   Province of Ontario, Canada (IPC) are both privacy
   protection agencies that oversee compliance with their
   respective juridiction's privacy laws. The Registratiekamer
   and IPC decided to pool their resources and collaborate in
   the production of a report exploring privacy technologies
   that permit transactions to be conducted anonymously. The
   first international paper of this type includes a survey of
   companies that might be expected to offer such
   technologies, and organizations that might use them.
   In addition to anonymous transactions, the range of
   security features commercially available for use and the
   types of services actually being used by various
   organizations were also examined (see 2.1 Survey
   methodology). The Registratiekamer and IPC felt that a
   joint report outlining the practices followed in their
   respective jurisdictions would shed some light on this
   little-studied but extremely important area where the
   future of privacy-protection in an electronic world may
   lie.
   Consumer polls have repeatedly shown that individuals value
   their privacy and are concerned with its potential loss
   when so much of their personal information is routinely
   stored in computer databases, over which they have no
   control. Protecting one's identity goes hand in hand with
   preserving one's ability to remain *anonymous* -- a key
   component of privacy. While advances in information and
   communications technology have fuelled the ability of
   organizations to keep massive amounts of personal data,
   this has increasingly jeopardized the privacy of those
   whose information is being collected. Minimizing
   identifying data would restore privacy considerably, but
   would still permit the collection of needed information.
   When assessing the need for identifiable data during the
   course of a transaction, the key question one must start
   with is: how much personal information/data is truly
   required for the proper functioning of the information
   system involving this transaction? This question must also
   be asked at the outset -- prior to the design and
   development of any new system. But this is not the case
   today.
   This question is rarely asked at all since there is such a
   clear preference in favour of collection identifiable data,
   'the more the better'. However, with the growth of
   networked communications and the ability to link a wide
   number of diverse databases electronically, people will
   become more and more reluctant to leave behind a trail of
   identifiable data. What is needed is a paradigm shift away
   from a 'more is better' mindset to a minimalist one. Is it
   possible to minimize the amount of identifiable data
   presently collected and stored in information systems, but
   still meet the needs of those collecting the information?
   We believe that it is.
   The technology needed to achieve this goal exists today. We
   will describe some of the privacy technologies that permit
   one to engage in transactions without revealing one's
   identity by introducing the concept of an *identity
   protector*. The notion of *pseudonymity* will also be
   introduced as an integral part of protecting one's
   identity. These technologies are available now and within
   our reach; what is needed is the will to implement privacy
   technologies over the tracking technologies that are in use
   today.
   When organizations are asked what measures they have in
   place to protect privacy, they usually point to their
   efforts at keeping information secure. While the use of
   security measures to prevent unauthorized access to
   personal data is a very important component of privacy, it
   does not equal privacy protection. The latter is a much
   broader concept which starts with the questioning of the
   initial collection of the information to ensure there is a
   good reason for doing so and that its uses will be
   restricted to legitimate ones that the data subject has
   been advised of. Once the data has been collected, security
   and confidentiality become paramount. Effective security
   and confidentiality will depend on the implementation of
   measures to create a secure environment.
   Alternatively, instead of restricting the focus to security
   alone, a more comprehensive approach would be to seek out
   ways in which technology may be used to enhance the
   protection of informational privacy or data protection. We
   use the term *privacy technologies* to refer to a variety
   of technologies that safeguard personal privacy by
   minimizing or eliminating the collection of identifiable
   data.
   Not only are measures that safeguard privacy becoming an
   important mark of quality, but increasingly, consumers are
   demanding that organizations pay attention to their privacy
   concerns. Social acceptance of demands for one's personal
   information, without adequate assurances of protection,
   appears to be on the decline. Not only do consumers wish to
   maintain control over their personal data and be informed
   of its uses, but insufficient protection will be reason
   enough for consumers to take their business elsewhere -- to
   companies that follow privacy-protective practices.
   -----

@_date: 1996-03-16 19:44:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BES_ieg 
Architectural Record reports in the March issue on
   "Building Security: Coping With Threats From Bombs to
   Break-Ins."
   It shows the parallels of designing to protect vulnerable
   buildings and the hapless computer systems inside them.
   It reviews current approaches for "crime prevention through
   environmental design (CPTED)." And offers a cypherpunkish
   outlaw-and-disorder survey of besieged corporatism:
      For Which of the Following Does Your Organization Have
      Response Plans?
      Employee theft                           90%
      Bomb threats                             85%
      Fraud                                    80%
      Employees bringing weapons to work       79%
      Fights among employees                   76%
      Robberies                                75%
      Threatening phone calls                  72%
      Verbal threats from employees            69%
      Employee sabotage                        65%
      Murder threats                           60%
      Civil unrest                             53%
   BES_ieg

@_date: 1996-03-18 22:39:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DEC_lan 
NYT of 3-18-96 has front page story on Internet copyright issues, featuring copywebbing terrorist Declan.

@_date: 1996-03-19 23:36:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 16B_uys 
3-18-96. TWP:
   "FBI, CIA Try to Set Turf Rules as Bureau Branches Out."
      The growing FBI overseas contingent is establishing
      liaison relationships with foreign police and
      intelligence groups that already have relationships with
      CIA personnel. The FBI agents abroad also try to develop
      their own clandestine informants, sometimes recruiting
      individuals who work for the CIA or have been fired by
      it. At a gathering Feb. 3-4 in Davos, Switzerland, FBI
      Director Freeh met with six presidents, seven prime
      ministers and three foreign ministers.
   16B_uys

@_date: 1996-03-21 06:40:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: JEK_hyd 
3-20-96. TWP (privatizing the global NatSec frankenstein):
   "South Africa Weighs Reining In Peddlers of Mercenary
   Ex-Soldiers."
      In this once highly militarized society, the transition
      from white-minority rule produced unemployed commandos
      and spies suddenly without a cause. So, controversial
      military and intelligence units are selling their skills
      to the rest of Africa and beyond. Executive Outcomes,
      the best known and apparently largest of firms offering
      overt and covert security services, says the company's
      services are in great demand. It operates within a murky
      network of other international companies that specialize
      in oil drilling, diamond mining and landmine removal.
      The firm also has been reported to hire former commandos
      of Britain's SAS and the Selous Scouts of the old
      white-ruled Rhodesia, as well as military technicians
      from the former Soviet Union.
   JEK_hyd

@_date: 1996-03-22 11:34:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DIO_fan 
The Sciences, March/April, 1996:
   "Beyond the Last Theorem."
   On Diophantine equations, by mathematician Dorian Goldfeld.
      To mathematicians, the statement and proof of the STW
      conjecture were as revolutionary as the first mingling
      of waters in the Panama Canal. Until that point, the
      mathematics of elliptic functions and the mathematics of
      rigid motions had developed in isolation from each other
      and in strikingly different ways. The study of elliptic
      curves was a branch of number theory, small, specialized
      and provincial -- not unlike the study of Diophantine
      equations. In contrast, the study of rigid motions was
      a bustling, sophisticated suburb of topology, geometry
      and analysis, with many applications to engineering and
      physics. Mathematicians had been working on rigid
      motions intensely for a hundred years and had
      accumulated a vast armamentarium of powerful
      mathematical machinery. By suggesting that the two
      fields could be linked, Shimura, Taniyama and Weil
      delivered that heavy machinery to the construction site
      of elliptic curves; by proving that the link held, Wiles
      and Taylor started the engines. The result has been a
      frenzy of productive mathematical work that has
      benefited each field and is likely to lead to solutions
      of outstanding problems in other fields as well. ...
      If the ABC conjecture yields, mathematicians will find
      themselves staring into a cornucopia of solutions to
      long-standing problems. Some of those problems are of
      more than theoretical interest. Nowadays many methods of
      ensuring the security of electronic mail and other
      computerized transactions depend heavily on number
      theory, as programmers develop ciphers based on
      time-consuming problems in arithmetic. For example, a
      highly popular technique depends on the difficulty of
      determining all the large prime factors of a very large
      number.
      In principle, it should also be straightforward to
      create a cipher based on the difficulty of solving
      problems in Diophantine analysis. The major hurdle is
      the solvability barrier: the number of variables above
      which a Diophantine equation becomes impervious to
      attack. Any cipher based on an equation with that many
      variables should be absolutely secure. But where is the
      threshold? All anyone knows is that it probably lies
      between three and nine variables. At current or
      foreseeable processing speeds, a nine-variable cipher is
      impracticably slow, even for the fastest computers. A
      four-variable Diophantine cipher, however, would be both
      practical and extremely useful.
   DIO_fan (35 kb)

@_date: 1996-03-22 18:25:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DAZ_zle 
Foreign Affairs, March/April, 1996, features two policy
   essays on "The Information Edge: A technological change is
   transforming the nature of power and the United States is
   clearly in the lead."
   In "America's Information Edge," Joseph S. Nye, Jr.  former
   Chairman of the National Intelligence Council and Assistant
   Secretary of Defense, and Admiral William A. Owen, former
   Vice Chairman of the JCS, argue that information technology
   is transforming knowledge, and thereby power. They write of
   a "system of systems, an integration of ISR, C4I and
   precision force, which represents a qualitative change in
   U.S. military capabilities." They envision informational
   "soft power" -- the ability to achieve outcomes in
   international affairs through attraction rather than
   coercion -- as reinforcing the "information umbrella"
   shielding allies in lieu of the nuclear option.
   In "A Revolution in Warfare," Eliot A. Cohen, Professor of
   Strategic Studies at Johns Hopkins, takes issue with Nye
   and Owen on the radical impact of information technology,
   and argues that its revolutionary dazzle may distort
   historical understanding of the more general political and
   economic forces that are reshaping international and
   military affairs. He observes that misunderstanding of
   revolutionary technology all too often has had unexpected,
   disastrous, consequences: "A revolution in military affairs
   is under way. It will require changes of a magnitude that
   military people still do not completely grasp and political
   leaders do not fully imagine."
   DAZ_zle

@_date: 1996-03-23 18:48:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Summary of NIST GAK Meeting 
We received today by snail mail from NIST a March 5 "Summary of the Proposed 64-bit Software Key Escrow Encryption Export Criteria Meeting" on December 5, five-pages,  "prepared by an outside observer from Martin Marietta Systems, Inc."
You've probably got a copy as well. If you've not already done so, and if you like, we'll be happy to scan it and send over for your Web site. Let us know.

@_date: 1996-03-23 22:35:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Martin Marietta Energy Systems' summary of December GAK meeting 
Responding to msg by pfarrell at netcom.com (Pat Farrell) on Sat, 23 Mar  8:57 AM
Pat's report was much better, and it's worth wondering why NIST bothered to send out this "unofficial" summary rather than one of its own professional reports. Perhaps to flash the name of a big corporation as evidence of industry input, perhaps to induce paranoia that something else is going on beneath the camouflage and shrewd business better get on board.
I'm nasty enough to think that NIST hopes this throwaway will sedate their opponents.
Recall that the Administration has not really responded to authentic, open, industry criticism. And seems to be stonewalling in public while making mutually beneficial arrangements favored insiders -- like Martin Marietta, eager to claim, with relief, that nothing of importance happened at the meeting to upset covert deals?

@_date: 1996-03-25 21:58:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Crypto Issue 
The New York Times, March 25, 1996, p. D5.
   The key issue for the Net is not smut, it is the use of
   encryption
      Growing fears that Big Brother might decide to read your
      E-mail.
   By Denise Caruso
   The current uproar over the Internet is about smut and what
   can be made public on the global computer network. But the
   next public-policy tangle will be about what we're allowed
   to keep secret.
   Earlier this month, a bipartisan group from both houses of
   Congress introduced versions of legislation called the
   Encrypted Communications Privacy Act of 1996. This bill,
   which outlines the proper use of encryption technologies
   for privacy and security, is by far the most critical piece
   of Internet legislation yet introduced.
   Encryption uses a mathematical key to scramble and
   unscramble digital messages so they can be read only by
   their intended recipients and not by human or electronic
   snoopers. Legislation about this powerful technology is
   especially important when viewed in light of two laws
   already on the books.
   One of these, the Digital Telephony Act, signed into law in
   1994, allows Federal law-enforcement agencies to update the
   telephone network with the most pervasive surveillance
   equipment in history.
   The other, the freshly signed Communications Decency Act,
   bans "indecent" material from the Internet. It is a law
   that many legislators seemed to feel was on shaky ground
   even as Congress was passing it. A constitutional challenge
   to the law is currently being heard in Federal District
   Court in Philadelphia.
   Though the encryption bill as written is receiving
   qualified support from industry and civil libertarians,
   some worry that changes made in committee could make the
   bill too restrictive, completing a triumvirate of Big
   Brother legislation that would give law enforcement the
   ability and rationale to monitor all the electronic
   messages of citizens, leaving little or no recourse for
   private or secure communication.
   Such restrictions threaten to suffocate the Internet. As
   new users and businesses flock daily to the Internet, their
   need to protect confidential business data and messages
   becomes a key issue in making the Net safe enough to be
   useful. Computer security experts say that many of today's
   problems on the Net -- minors getting access to
   pornography, security breaches of corporate data, the need
   to prove one's identity -- could be solved by using
   encryption.
   Today, using encryption of any kind is still perfectly
   legal inside the United States. Historically, it was mostly
   used to protect secret military communications, so the
   technology is still classified as munitions -- the same
   threat to national security as a boatload of artillery
   shells. Thus any products containing encryption are subject
   to strict export controls.
   Law-enforcement and national security officials say that
   widespread use of strong encryption would enable terrorists
   and organized-crime syndicates to communicate with
   impunity. They say export control is the only way to keep
   this genie in its bottle, at least when it comes to
   foreign, not domestic crime.
   In addition, security experts have persuaded the Clinton
   Administration to propose an encryption method called "key
   escrow" that would give the Government access to
   information even after it had been encrypted. Key-escrow
   systems generate a decrypting key that is held by a trusted
   third party. When law-enforcement agents show up with a
   court warrant, the trustee hands over the key to unlock the
   message.
   So far, the Clinton Administration's proposals, which
   include a key-escrow system called Clipper have been
   universally reviled by both civil libertarians and the
   computer industry, which claims it stands to be deprived of
   up to $60 billion annually by the year 2000 because of
   export controls. They argue that any country today can make
   and sell encryption products stronger than what can be
   legally exported from the United States and that people
   won't use a system like key escrow because it has a
   built-in security compromise.
   One defender of key-escrow policy is Dorothy Denning, a
   professor of computer science at Georgetown University and
   a consultant to the military industry. She argued in a
   letter to Senator Patrick J. Leahy Democrat of Vermont --
   one of the sponsors of the new legislation -- that such a
   system was vital to public safety and security.
   James Barksdale, president of the Netscape Communications
   Corporation, whose popular Web-browser software has
   built-in encryption capabilities, called Ms. Denning's
   solution a "stopgap measure."
   "Key escrow is an unworkable idea, and we do not support
   it," Mr. Barksdale said. "Key escrow will be defeated just
   like Prohibition was defeated by bathtub gin -- all it took
   was a big bag of sugar and a long weekend."
   Policy watchdogs like the Center for Democracy and
   Technology and the Electronic Frontier Foundation, both
   outspoken advocates for privacy rights and due process,
   agree that the bill is headed in the right direction. It
   does not dictate the use of a key escrow system, eases
   export controls for "mass market" products (like
   Netscape's), prohibits any restriction on the domestic use
   or sale of encryption, and provides a "personal use" policy
   for American travelers who use encryption while outside the
   country.
   But the bill is sure to face a fight as it moves through
   the House and the Senate, and the key-escrow and
   export-control proponents marshal their experts.
   David Farber, a professor of computer science at the
   University of Pennsylvania and a board member of the
   Electronic Frontier Foundation, says encryption policy
   always turns into "a religious discussion" between those
   who fear terrorism and those who want to live without fear
   of constant surveillance.
   But, he adds, if you take privacy discussions to the
   people, their attitudes are pretty clear. " If you ask the
   American public what they think of national I.D. cards, for
   example, a huge percentage are opposed to them," he said.
   "Why? They're not hiding anything. They just don't want the
   Government to have that type of power."
   [End]

@_date: 1996-03-27 19:46:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SEC_oil 
3-26-96. WSJ:
   "SEC Says Brewery May Use Internet to Offer Its Stock."
      The episode is extraordinary in that it shows the power
      of the Internet to free companies from their traditional
      market limitations, says Spring Street President
      Andrew Klein, who says. "My phone's been ringing off       the hook from companies that want to know how they can       sell a piece of their companies to the public using       this technology, without paying underwriters or       brokers and without having to give the company away       to venture capitalists."
   SEC_oil

@_date: 1996-03-28 00:36:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FRE_mad 
3-27-96 NYT has two stories on the FBI siege of the Freemen tax protestors in Montana. One compares Waco and Ruby Ridge slaughter to this Freeh-mad cow prion.

@_date: 1996-03-28 00:42:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WSJ on Big Java Flaw 
Wall Street Journal, March 26, 1996, p. B4.
   Researchers Find Big Security Flaw In Java Language
   By Don Clark
   A team of Princeton University researchers said they
   discovered the most serious security flaw yet in the widely
   used Java programming language from Sun Microsystems Inc.
   The flaw could make it possible for unscrupulous hackers to
   destroy files or cause other types of damage on any
   personal computer that uses Netscape Communications Corp.'s
   Navigator program, said Edward Felten, a Princeton
   assistant professor of computer science who helped discover
   the flaw.
   Netscape Navigator, which uses Java, is the most popular
   software for browsing the Internet's World Wide Web. Java
   enables the creation of tiny programs, called applets, that
   are transferred from a Web site on the Internet to a PC
   running Netscape Navigator.
   Mr. Felten said that unscrupulous people who discovered the
   flaw could boobytrap a Web page on the Internet,
   essentially seizing control of the browser software of any
   PC that tapped into that page. At that point, the hackers
   could read or delete an entire hard disk of data files.
   "The consequences of this flaw are as bad as they can be,"
   he said.
   Sun, a computer maker based in Mountain View, Calif.,
   acknowledged the problem. "This one is a serious bug," said
   Marianne Mueller, a senior Sun engineer specializing in
   security issues.
   The company, alerted by Princeton on Friday, is already
   testing a software fix it has developed for the program and
   hopes to distribute it to Netscape and other users in about
   two days. Those companies are then expected to distribute
   updated versions of their Web browsers or other products to
   users.
   "We plan to fix it and get it out to our customers as fast
   as we can," said Jeff Treuhaft, a Netscape product manager.
   Java was originally touted by Sun as a secure language. But
   at least two other flaws have already been discovered in
   the technology, including a less-serious problem uncovered
   by the Princeton team last month. Sun's Ms. Mueller said
   the problems have been correctable details in the way the
   Java code is written, not problems with its basic design.
   [End]

@_date: 1996-03-30 14:19:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: POT_ktl 
3-29-96 NYT reports on the Montana Freemen's competition
   with the USG: printing money and fostering free market
   brigandry; building arsenals for terrorizing the weak and
   suppressing dissent; amassing national security treasure
   for the protection of the people; and PC education to boot.
   The USG, looking in the mirror, says such actions are a
   criminal conspiracy, a "school for crime."
   POT_ktl

@_date: 1996-03-31 03:07:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The limits of my patience. 
Responding to msg by unicorn at schloss.li (Black Unicorn) on Sat, 30 Mar  8:43 AM
era, you would for it.
Uni, thanks for noting Bell's XXX-poison, I'd stopped reading him, presuming his prescription was a dumb placebo for helpless Now, his clumsiness is revealed to be a trick to conceal the deadliness of his toxin. Still not sure if he's understands the sickness he's spreading. He probably hasn't checked his contaminated sources very carefully, or maybe got infected and is terminally out of his mind.
Is there a doctor on the list, or a mortician?

@_date: 1996-03-31 09:54:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SNI_ffs 
3-30-96 TWP reports on an Argentinian hacker who penetrated
   a slew of sensitive networks and how the FBI tracked him by
   getting a warrant to run a sniffer-filter at Harvard, the
   POE.
   The hacker's dad, a Lt. Col., barks, "The Yankees don't
   have the slightest idea about security. If a kid can enter,
   they should be ashamed to admit it."
   The Feds snort, "The case underscores the vulnerability of
   computer systems worldwide, a preview of a coming era of
   cyber-sleuthing, what computer crime-fighting will look
   like in the coming years." And that it shows they can catch
   tresspassers without violating other users' privacy.
   Banisar sniffs, "The case shows that there's a need for
   more encryption."
   SNI_ffs

@_date: 1996-04-01 00:31:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PIR_ate 
3-31-96. NYT:
   "Sold Out." By James Boyle, American University law
   professor
      We are in the middle of an information land grab and no
      one seems to have noticed. Congress is now considering
      the Administration's proposal for intellectual property
      on the Internet, aimed at "saving" this thriving medium.
      Using a far-fetched theory of what constitutes
      "copying," the proposal would turn browsing an Internet
      document into a copyright violation. It would
      effectively privatize much of the public domain by
      transforming the current law of fair use. It would make
      on-line service providers strictly liable for their
      customers' copyright violations, thus giving providers
      an incentive to monitor what you do in cyberspace.
      "Poetry can only be made out of other poems, novels out
      of other novels," as the critic Northrop Frye famously
      put it. The same goes for computer programs, which build
      on the contributions of earlier hackers. Every
      intellectual property claim is a chunk taken out of the
      public domain. If we give someone a software patent over
      basic functions, at some point the public domain will be
      so diminished that future creators will be prevented
      from creating because they won't be able to afford the
      raw materials they need. An intellectual property system
      has to insure that the fertile public domain is not
      converted into a fallow landscape of walled private
      plots.
   PIR_ate

@_date: 1996-04-01 03:13:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SNI_ffs 
Responding to msg by declan+ at CMU.EDU ("Declan B. McCullagh") on Sun, 31 Mar 10:42 AM
DoJ is probably cutting spying-sensitive Harvard some slack, or slyly crowing about setting up the Crimson butts with a promise for deniability. Is it possible that the CFP chit-chat revved that Janus-spin, practicing for more pervasive cyber-sleuth slathering of wannabe L&O insiders?
   The New York Times, March 31, 1996, p. 20.
   First Internet Wiretap Leads to a Suspect
   [Excerpts of story not in the TWP]
   Stephen P. Heymann, a Federal prosecutor in Boston, said
   investigators had worked with Harvard to determine a method
   of tracking the suspect that would protect the privacy of
   legitimate users.
   He said that the Harvard system had 16,500 accounts and
   13,000 users and that about 60,000 E-mail messages each day
   moved in and out of the area where investigators were
   looking for the intruder.
   Mr. Heymann said investigators had used a high-speed
   computer to check for 10 to 15 key words that matched the
   intruder's profile. If they were not sure if an electronic
   communication containing a key word was Mr. Ardita's, the
   investigators looked at 80 characters on either side of the
   key word to make that determination. Mr. Heymann said
   investigators believed that only twice had they read a
   complete message that was not Mr. Ardita's.
   [End excerpt]

@_date: 1996-05-02 12:29:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: THR_ill 
5-1-96 FiTi has an 18-page insert on information
   technology. Its Page One thriller:
   "Businesses fail to halt 'Ram raiders.'
      A sprialling crime wave is causing growing concern among
      law enforcement authorities, insurers and the business
      community. Computer theft is the fastest-growing crime
      in the UK. To combat physical computer crime, a wide
      variety of protection measures have been developed:
      physical restraints, motion detectors, electronic
      tagging, dye sprays, invisible identity tags, microdots,
      smoke bombs, chemical "fingerprints," and software
      monitors. Beyond the threats of hacking and virus
      attacks, as much as 2bn pounds a year is lost by
      computer misuse and "time-wasting surfing the Internet".
      Some of the new-anti-theft products are on display at
      Infosec 96, the UK's first big IT security exhibition,
      at London Olympia this week. The organisers have
      prepared seven fact sheets dealing with security "hot
      topics" such as encryption, disaster recovery and virus
      protection.
   THR_ill
   -----
   Any London cpunk care to post the seven fact sheets, or
   send (e-mail or fax) here for show 'boting?

@_date: 1996-05-03 09:58:10
@_author: jya at pipeline.com 
@_subject: KEY_lok 
5-2-96 FiTi reports at length on its investigation of a $19
   million fraud and conspiracy involving smart cards using
   the Fiat-Shamir algorithm for encrypting UK video.
   Most of the detailed, complicated report is about the
   financial and tax-evasive shenanigan's of firms jointly
   providing the cards to BSkyB sat-tv.
   Adi Shamir's work is featured but he does not appear to be
   at fault, although a central role was played by News Data
   Security Products (10% owned by Shamir).    The report does not get into the technology of crypto, but
   shows its keylock appeal for criminal conspiracies.
   KEY_lok

@_date: 1996-05-03 12:32:36
@_author: jya at pipeline.com 
@_subject: EET on PGP API Quash 
[Thanks to BC]
   Electronic Engineering Times, April 29, 1996, page 4
   State Dept. Tries To Quash API's for PGP cryptography
   By Loring Wirbel
   Washington -- The Justice Department may have halted
   attempts to bring criminal charges against Phil Zimmermann,
   author of the Pretty Good Privacy (PGP) public-key
   cryptography algorithms, but the State Department is taking
   an increasingly hard line on PGP. Where once the State had
   restricted itself to warning developers against exporting
   source code with PGP file-encryption routines, it is now
   arguing that application programming interfaces (API)
   allowing PGP program insertion should be subject to control
   under arms-trading statutes.
   Warning letters sent out in the last few weeks reflect the
   bizarre status of cryptography algorithms in the
   government's Export Control Act. Under the International
   Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) promulgated under the
   act, the government can restrict any encryption programs
   the National Security Agency (NSA) is uncomfortable with.
   The new moves represent the first time State has tried to
   extend ITAR to software that only provides hooks for
   encryption packages, however.
   "There is some room to maneuver and make strong arguments
   that the rules on crypto APIs have some serious
   ambiquities," said Kenneth Bass, an attorney specializing
   in export control with the Washington law firm of Venable
   Attorneys at Law. Bass said several companies have received
   warning letters from State, but most do not want to do
   battle with the Federal government.
   Meanwhile, wildly differing rulings in the U.S. District
   Courts on the West and East coasts send mixed messages
   about software embedding crypto algorithms. In refusing to
   dismiss developer Daniel Bernstein's suit against the State
   Department, Judge Marilyn Hall Patel of San Francisco ruled
   in early April that source code can be protected free
   speech.
   "The particular language one chooses  does not  change the
   nature of the language for First Amendment purposes," Patel
   said. "This court can find no meaningful difference between
   computer languages ... and German or French; ... whether
   source code or object code is also functional is
   immaterial." Bernstein seeks to establish that his
   zero-delay private-key program, Snuffle, is not subject to
   ITAR.
   Opposite Rationale
   But on March 22, Judge Charles Richey of Washington
   dismissed Philip Karn's suit against State using almost
   exactly the opposite rationale. Karn, an employee of
   Qualcomm Inc. (San Diego), challenged a ruling that the
   floppy disks accompanying some editions of Bruce Schneier's
   book, *Applied Cryptography*, could be barred from export.
   Judge Richey said the government was free to view
   implemented source code as a munition that could be banned,
   and said Defense Department decisions regarding materials
   covered under export control were precluded from judicial
   review. Karn appealed to the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals
   on April 19. "The stage is being set for some very basic
   issues on souce code and free speech to be decided," said
   attorney Bass.
   So far the API issue has not spurred any suits. Network
   Telesystems Inc. (Santa Clara, Calif.) a TCP/IP stack
   specialist and the one company that has admitted receiving
   a warning from State, said that a PGP API is not central
   enough to its business to warrant making its preservation
   a federal case.
   Company president John Davidson said Network Telesystems
   elected to make its new e-mail package, Confidante, "PGP
   ready" by including a PGP API instead of licensing the
   code. Davidson said the warning must have been the result
   of government officials seeing the press release on the
   package, which has not yet shipped, or a short article in
   a national magazine.
   "We thought it was a misunderstanding at first, since we
   had no resident PGP code," Davidson said. "It didn't seem
   possible that the government could really be talking about
   an interface."
   One computer-security expert said off the record that "NSA
   has told State to watch out for any APIs outside NSA's own
   effort to define a crypto API." NSA is embracing the API
   work of companies like RSA Data Security Inc., the source
   said, "but Zimmermann's PGP work has always been a
   freelance effort, so a compromise is not seen as
   necessary."
   -----

@_date: 1996-05-04 04:32:37
@_author: jya at pipeline.com 
@_subject: Dole Backs Crypto Export 
Financial Times, May 3, 1996, p. 7.
   Dole backs removal of software export ban
   By Louise Kehoe in San Francisco
   Senator Bob Dole, the presumptive Republican presidential
   candidate, yesterday threw his support behind proposed
   legislation to remove US export restrictions on computer
   software used to encode Internet messages.
   The new Security and Freedom through Encryption bill
   introduced yesterday by several Republican senators and
   congressmen, also rejects a controversial Clinton
   administration proposal to enable law enforcement agencies
   to unlock encoded electronic messages.
   For Senator Dole, the encryption bill provides an
   opportunity to seek support from Silicon Valley high-tech
   leaders many of whom backed Mr Bill Clinton in 1992, and to
   boost his election campaign efforts in California.
   "The administration's misguided proposal on encryption
   amounts to a pair of cement shoes for Silicon Valley," said
   Senator Dole. "It seems to me that a new pair of track
   shoes might be a better answer. The administration's big
   brother proposal will literally destroy America's computer
   industry," he said.
   Encryption software is currently classified as "munitions"
   and exports are strictly limited by the US state
   department. US and other western intelligence and law
   enforcement agencies are opposed to the commercial use of
   the most powerful encryption methods which they argue could
   be used to mask criminal or terrorist activities by
   effectively preventing wire-taps.
   However, US software companies maintain that the current
   export restrictions threaten US pre-eminence in the world
   software market.
   A study by the Computer Systems Policy Project, a computer
   industry group, estimated that within four years the US
   economy would lose $60bn in revenues and roughly 216,000
   jobs as a result of encryption export controls.
   Moreover, current regulations, which allow export only of
   "weak" encryption, are unacceptable because such encoding
   has been demonstrated to be ineffective.
   Last year, for example students in France were able to
   break encryption which is used in the export version of
   Netscape Communication's popular Internet browser software.
   The limited availability of strong encryption software is
   also blocking the progress of electronic commerce on the
   Internet, US computer experts argue, because companies and
   individuals are reluctant to make electronic payments over
   the Internet without assurance of security.
   -----

@_date: 1996-05-07 06:51:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ATF_ear 
5-6-96. WaPo reports on ATF and LEAs being ostracized by
   benign feds and citizens fearful of being housed with them.
   ATF_ear

@_date: 1996-05-07 07:18:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IRI_spy 
5-6-96. WaPo reports on ID by iris scanning and other
   biometrics spying by NSA and the 200-member Biometrics
   Consortium.
   The consortium's espionage site:
         IRI_spy

@_date: 1996-05-07 07:22:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: OCT_pus 
5-6-96. Time:
   "Master of the Game. The formidable John Deutch is becoming
   the most powerful CIA chief ever."
      This power didn't fall accidentally into Deutch's lap;
      he has lobbied hard for it. While he mouthed
      technocratic demurrals before the Senate committee,
      promising not to be too "intrusive" and humbly noting
      that "my Cabinet colleagues have concerns about how
      future DCI's would, over the long term, play a role in
      this concurrence," it was clearly time for the winner to
      take all.
      The CIA is already upgrading many of its techniques:
      breaking into computer systems, intercepting faxes,
      experimenting with dead drops in cyberspace to receive
      secrets.
      The big-ticket spending that is out of control has been
      satellites. The CIA wants to build $1 billion-apiece
      "8X" spy satellites to photograph targets, even though
      it has sitting in warehouses about half a dozen
      satellites that have the capacity to take pictures for
      the next decade. But satellites may simply not be that
      useful. A secret CIA study recently concluded that
      satellites provide less than 10% of the valuable signal
      intelligence collected from such rogue states as Iraq
      and Iran. Most such data are scooped up by ground
      stations or via phone taps.
      There is deep anxiety at Langley that Deutch's grab for
      power is designed to advance his own career.
   OCT_pus
William Safire adds to this in 5-6-96 NYT:

@_date: 1996-05-08 13:16:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: INF_rno 
5-7-96. NYT and WSJ report on Inferno, Lucent's (Bell Labs)
   new all-platform network OS, and its Limbo programming
   language.
   Dennis Richie says, "Inferno is a unique network operating
   system that adapts to whatever you plug into it -- from a
   high-end work station to an inexpensive hand-held device.
   Imagine the ease and flexibility of a world in which you
   can get your E-mail virtually anywhere, from any machine --
   on your PC at the office, from a screen phone in an
   airport, on your TV at home, or on a hotel-room TV."
   Dan Stanzione adds, "With Inferno, any device can
   communicate and share information with any device over any
   network."
   It is designed to coexist with Java and DOS.
   INF_rno

@_date: 1996-05-11 09:41:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PTO_lop 
5-10-96. WaPo:
   "Copyright Comes to the Internet. IBM's 'Cryptolope'
   Technology Collects the Fees."
   Describes IBM's InfoMarket system for secure electronic
   payments and copyright protection through use of keys to
   gain access to documents.
   PTO_lop
   -----
   Note: Pipeline is suffering "technological" growing pains
   at PSI's VA switches, so they say (or maybe plummeting
   stock and insider dumps): incoming and outgoing mail oft
   delayed up to 24+.

@_date: 1996-05-11 09:57:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: REF_orm 
5-10-96. WaPo:
   "House Panel Approves Intelligence Reforms."
   Reports on the House intelligence committee's differences
   with the Senate and White House reforms. Also, it reports
   on Freeh's testimony yesterday at a hearing about the need
   for new federal laws to protect against economic espionage.
   He cites spying by 23 foreign governments and methods used.
   REF_orm
   -----
   Note: Pipeline is suffering "technological" growing pains
   at PSI's VA switches, so they say (or maybe plummeting
   stock and insider dumps): incoming and outgoing mail oft
   delayed up to 24+.

@_date: 1996-05-13 12:24:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FYB_oss 
5-12-96. NYPaper:
   "Who's Reading Your E-Mail? Maybe the Boss. More Companies
   Say Messages Are Their Property."
   Reports on various spying policies and employee rights.
   Quotes PRZ demurring: "You don't check your constitutional
   rights at the door." Notes Apple's snooping not.
   And, scare-escrowing, it asks, "what happens if an employee
   encrypts important company documents, and then dies [or is
   fired or extorts]. How will the company get to vital
   information."
   FYB_oss

@_date: 1996-05-18 20:24:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RUL_net 
May-June, 1996, Harvard Business Review. Two related    articles which examine c'punks interests -- proposed    business regulation of the Net; on-line security;    copyright; encryption; authentication; E-cash; electronic    commerce; protected communities to escape "frontier    anarchy."    Executive summaries by HBR:    "Ruling the Net." Debora Spar and Jeffrey J. Bussgang    The Internet promises a radical new world of business. But    for many companies, it has yet to deliver. Although doing    business in cyberspace may be novel and exhilarating, it    can also be frustrating, confusing, and even unprofitable.    Debora Spar and Jeffrey Bussgang argue that the problems    companies face have little to do with a lack of technology    or imagination. Their problems stem instead from a lack of    rules. Without the order that rules create, business cannot    be conducted.    The authors explain why the informal rules that have    developed on the Internet since the 1960s are no longer    sufficient. Businesses thinking of allowing millions of    dollars of transactions to occur on the wide-open Net need    specific assurances. They require clear definitions of    property rights, a safe and useful means of exchange, and    a way to locate and punish violators of on-line rules.    The authors believe that the key to commerce on the    Internet lies in the creation of managed on-line    communities. Such communities can be formed by service    providers -- entities that will restrict on-line options,    fine-tune offerings to match a select group of users, and    provide some means of recourse in cases of fraud or abuse.    Under those conditions, they will draw new companies    on-line and increase the productivity of those already    there. And, say the authors, the rewards for service    providers will be substantial: Companies that make the    rules on the Internet's emerging frontier have the    opportunity to reap the greatest profits. [40 kb]    "The Real Value of On-Line Communities." Arthur Armstrong    and John Hagel III    The notion of community has been at the heart of the    Internet since its early days, when scientists used it to    share data, collaborate on research, and exchange messages.    But how can businesses best use its community-building    capabilities? Not merely by putting their products or    services on-line, the authors contend. Real value will come    from providing people with the ability to interact with one    another -- from satisfying their multiple social needs as    well as their commercial needs. Companies that create    strong on-line communities will command customer loyalty to    a degree hitherto undreamed of and, consequently, will    generate strong economic returns.    The authors present four different types of community:    communities of transaction, interest, fantasy, and    relationship. Examples of each type already can be found on    the Internet or through on-line services, but the    successful community of the future will incorporate all    four -- or as many as possible. As for economic value, the    authors see four ways for a company to generate returns:    through usage fees, content fees, transactions and    advertising, and synergies with other parts of its    business.    In the near future, new business definitions may emerge    around the notion of owning a specific customer segment    across the full range of its interests and needs; owning    specific products and services may no longer be so    important. The authors urge businesses marketing to    consumers to make the small investment required to "buy an    option" on electronic communities in order to understand    both their potential value and the radical changes they may    cause. [33 kb]    RUL_net (for the 2)    -----    Reprints of "Ruling," No. 96309 and "Real Value," No. 96301    may be ordered from HBR for $5.00 each by email to:       custserv at cchbspub.harvard.edu

@_date: 1996-05-18 21:14:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GEK_cod 
5-17-96. WaPo:    "The Code Of the Geeks."    A longish lifestyles profile of Robert Hayden and his Geek    Code -- "a series of letters usually found on the bottom of    e-mail messages that, when deciphered, offer a snapshot of    the user's geekiness."       It's a way for geeks to scope out one another. But       Hayden says it's a part of his effort to take the eek       out of geek -- to turn what's largely thought of as a       negative stereotype into something positive. "Gates had       an opportunity to be one and he gave it up. That       happened when he decided that making money is more       important than making good computer code. One geek trait       is that you take pride in your work and it's my opinion       that Microsoft hasn't produced a lot that's to be proud       of."       "In a nutshell, a nerd is somebody who lets technology       run their life and a geek is a person who runs their       life with technology."    GEK_cod

@_date: 1996-05-19 00:43:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Netscape Flaw 
The New York Times, May 18, 1996, pp. 31, 43.    New Netscape Software Flaw Is Discovered    By John Markoff    Computer science researchers at Princeton University said    yesterday that they had discovered a new and potentially    serious flaw in the Netscape Communicatlons Corporation's    Navigator software, the leading program used to browse the    World Wide Web of the Internet.    The flaw, which was found in recent versions of the    Netscape software that support Sun Microsystems' Java    programming language, could allow people to write    destructive or malicious programs and potentially destroy    or steal data or otherwise tamper with a computer that was    connected to the Internet and used the Navigator program.    Netscape executives said that the researchers had been in    touch with them about the problem on Thursday and that the    software company was in the process of producing a new    version of the Navigator program that would protect against    potential attacks.    This is the third flaw in the Navigator program discovered    in recent months by the Princeton group. Netscape has been    under tremendous scrutiny over the security of its popular    software since the fall, when a group of researchers at the    University of California at Berkeley discovered a flaw in    the Netscape security system.    In the most recent case, Thomas Cargill, an independent    software consultant working with the Princeton group,    discovered a problem in the way Netscape has used the Java    language in its Navigator program. The group disclosed a    similar flaw in March in the Netscape Navigator that would    permit a Java program to run illicitly on a computer that    was running the Netscape program and perform damaging    operations.    "Netscape has fixed a series of problems, and the overall    security of their system has improved, but there is still    some reason for concern," said Prof. Edward Felton, the    leader of the Princeton group, which includes two graduate    students, Drew Dean and Dean Wallach.    Programs that are known as viruses and worms are a serious    threat to computer networks because they can move from    machine to machine quickly, carrying out destructive    applications. Sun Microsystems' Java language has been    designed to limit what a virus can do once it is    transferred across the Internet. But the security    mechanisms only work if the virus's code can be restricted    in a safety "box" constructed out of software.    Netscape's executives acknowledged yesterday that the    Princeton University team had on both occasions been able    to find doors that let program code out of the safety box.    "We're trying to create a sandbox which has rooms where    only certain things happen," said Jeff Trehaft, Netscape's    director of security. "What happened is that the Princeton    team found a door and it turned out that there weren't    adequate protections surrounding the door."    The company said it was in the process of posting on the    Internet a new version of the most recent test version of    its next-generation Internet program, version 3.0 beta. The    program contains a special fix to prevent the new attack.    He said Netscape had not yet posted a fix for the most    recent commercial release of its software, version 2.02,    but was instead encouraging customers to use the 3.0 beta    software.    Since the Berkeley researchers discovered the first    security flaw the company has offered a $1,000 "bugs    bounty" to programmers who are able to locate security    flaws.    [End]

@_date: 1996-05-19 03:14:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RUL_net 
May-June, 1996, Harvard Business Review. Two related    articles which examine c'punks interests -- proposed    business regulation of the Net; on-line security;    copyright; encryption; authentication; E-cash; electronic    commerce; protected communities to escape "frontier    anarchy," and more.    Executive summaries by HBR:    "Ruling the Net." Debora Spar and Jeffrey J. Bussgang    The Internet promises a radical new world of business. But    for many companies, it has yet to deliver. Although doing    business in cyberspace may be novel and exhilarating, it    can also be frustrating, confusing, and even unprofitable.    Debora Spar and Jeffrey Bussgang argue that the problems    companies face have little to do with a lack of technology    or imagination. Their problems stem instead from a lack of    rules. Without the order that rules create, business cannot    be conducted.    The authors explain why the informal rules that have    developed on the Internet since the 1960s are no longer    sufficient. Businesses thinking of allowing millions of    dollars of transactions to occur on the wide-open Net need    specific assurances. They require clear definitions of    property rights, a safe and useful means of exchange, and    a way to locate and punish violators of on-line rules.    The authors believe that the key to commerce on the    Internet lies in the creation of managed on-line    communities. Such communities can be formed by service    providers -- entities that will restrict on-line options,    fine-tune offerings to match a select group of users, and    provide some means of recourse in cases of fraud or abuse.    Under those conditions, they will draw new companies    on-line and increase the productivity of those already    there. And, say the authors, the rewards for service    providers will be substantial: Companies that make the    rules on the Internet's emerging frontier have the    opportunity to reap the greatest profits. [40 kb]    "The Real Value of On-Line Communities." Arthur Armstrong    and John Hagel III    The notion of community has been at the heart of the    Internet since its early days, when scientists used it to    share data, collaborate on research, and exchange messages.    But how can businesses best use its community-building    capabilities? Not merely by putting their products or    services on-line, the authors contend. Real value will come    from providing people with the ability to interact with one    another -- from satisfying their multiple social needs as    well as their commercial needs. Companies that create    strong on-line communities will command customer loyalty to    a degree hitherto undreamed of and, consequently, will    generate strong economic returns.    The authors present four different types of community:    communities of transaction, interest, fantasy, and    relationship. Examples of each type already can be found on    the Internet or through on-line services, but the    successful community of the future will incorporate all    four -- or as many as possible. As for economic value, the    authors see four ways for a company to generate returns:    through usage fees, content fees, transactions and    advertising, and synergies with other parts of its    business.    In the near future, new business definitions may emerge    around the notion of owning a specific customer segment    across the full range of its interests and needs; owning    specific products and services may no longer be so    important. The authors urge businesses marketing to    consumers to make the small investment required to "buy an    option" on electronic communities in order to understand    both their potential value and the radical changes they may    cause. [33 kb]    RUL_net (for the 2, in 4 parts)    -----    Reprints of "Ruling," No. 96309 and "Real Value," No. 96301    may be ordered from HBR for $5.00 each by email to:       custserv at cchbspub.harvard.edu

@_date: 1996-05-21 09:08:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RAC_ket 
5-19-96. WaPo:    "From Out Of the Shadows." Book review.    Spies Without Cloaks: The KGB's Successors    By Amy Knight    Princeton University Press. 318 pp. $24.95       Knight suggests that Russia's new security forces are       not only continuing the same kinds of skulduggery as       they undertook in the past but are now also expertly       manipulating public opinion in Russia and the rest of       the world to obscure and disguise what they do.       What Knight suggests is that the old client-master       relationship between Russia's elite and the KGB has not       only been reversed but may even have vanished, because       these "children of the KGB" have subsumed large chunks       of Russia's economy and government.       If *Spies Without Cloaks* is correct, much of Russia       today is little more than a mutant KGB, the communist       ideology it once served now replaced by ruthless       devotion to great-power politics and bottom-line       capitalism.    The book is worth reading for its applicability to the    transformation of the US and international intelligence    "communities" into free-market racketeering of espionage    technologies and expertise and insider secrets -- as WaPo    reported May 2 on high-tech intel patrons Perry and Deutch.    RAC_ket

@_date: 1996-05-21 16:13:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Byte on E-Money 
June Byte features "Electric Money," by Udo Flohr.    He reviews the key areas of security, authentication,    anonymity and divisibility; examines the products of    DigiCash, DEC, MS, RSA, IBM and others offering E-cash,    digital checks, digital bank checks, smart cards and    electronic coupons and tokens, with side glances at    Europes's CAFE and Oscar.    Peter Wayner guarantees "How to Make a Million Dollars" by    minting electric money.

@_date: 1996-05-22 03:32:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NIST Draft Key Escrow Paper 
[Forward]    From: Elaine Frye     Subject: draft key escrow paper    May 20, 1996    Note    To:  Key Escrow Distribution List    From:  Ed Roback, NIST    Subject:  Release of DRAFT Key Escrow Paper    FYI, today the Interagency Working Group (IWG) on    Cryptography Policy released a DRAFT paper entitled    "Enabling Privacy, Commerce, Security and Public Safety in    the Global Information Infrastructure."    The DRAFT paper discusses a voluntary draft key management    infrastructure, supported by private sector key management    organizations, that would permit users and manufacturers    free choice of encryption algorithms, facilitate    international interoperability, preserve law enforcement    access, and, most importantly, provide strong system    security and integrity.  FYI, the paper was released by the    IWG co-chairs Ed Appel (NSC) and Bruce McConnell (OMB).    Comments on the draft paper are being solicited.  No    deadline is specified.      At present, I do not have an electronic copy of the draft    (25 pp).  Copies are available through the OMB publications    office at 202-395-7332.  I anticipate that the document    will soon be available widely on the net and will forward    you a web address when available.    *****************************************************    Elaine Frye    Computer Security Division    National Institute of Standards and Technology    Bldg. 820, M.S. Room 426    Gaithersburg, MD  20899-0001    Voice:   301/975-2819    Fax:  301/948-1233    *****************************************************

@_date: 1996-05-22 05:30:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NIST Draft Key Escrow Paper 
We've just heard back from Ed Roback of NIST that he'll fax us a copy of
the Draft Key Escrow Paper, which we'll scan and send to Pat Farrell for
his Web site. I'll ask Pat to announce it's availability when ready.

@_date: 1996-05-22 13:25:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NIST Draft Key Escrow Paper 
Thanks to prompt faxing by Ed Roback of NIST, we have transcribed and sent
to Pat Farrell the Draft Key Escrow Paper entitled "Enabling Privacy,
Commerce, Security and Public Safety in the Global Information
Infrastructure," 25 pages (50 kb). Pat will shortly announce its
availability on his Web site. Much easier to grab it from Pat, but for anyone without Web access, we'll
E-mail it. Send a blank message to jya at pipeline.com with the subject
KMI_txt. Here's the cover letter of the report: ____________________________________________________________               Executive Office of the President                Office of Management and Budget                    Washington, D.C. 20503                         May 20, 1996 MEMORANDUM FOR INTERESTED PARTIES SUBJECT:  Draft Paper, "Enabling Privacy, Commerce, Security           and Public Safety in the Global Information           Infrastructure" FROM:     Bruce W. McConnell [Initials]           Edward J. Appel [Initials]           Co-Chairs, Interagency Working Group on           Cryptography Policy      Attached for your review and comment is a draft paper entitled "Enabling Privacy, Commerce, Security and Public Safety in the Global Information Infrastructure." It presents a vision and course of action for developing a cryptographic infrastructure that will protect valuable information on national and international networks.      The draft paper is the result of the many discussions we have had with interested parties concerning the use of encryption. While those discussions have explored the use of both key recoverable encryption and non-recoverable encryption, the draft paper addresses an infrastructure which uses key recoverable encryption. We believe such a key management infrastructure, voluntary and supported by *private sector* key management organizations, is the prospect of the near future. It would permit users and manufacturers free choice of encryption algorithm, facilitate international interoperability, preserve law enforcement access, and, most importantly, provide strong system security and integrity.      Recognizing that a robust infrastructure is not yet a reality, we are also considering measures to liberalize export policy for some non-escrowed products. Appendix II of the draft paper begins to summarize current policy, and we intend to expand and improve that section.      We believe that clearly articulating such a vision will accelerate the ability of the United States to realize the full advantages of the global network for commerce, security and public safety. However, such a vision cannot become a reality unless it is widely shared. Therefore, rather than being a finished product, the attached paper is a draft which we ask you to help us improve. We hope it will contribute to constructive discussion and promote a clearer understanding of each others' needs and concerns regarding the use of encryption.      We welcome your comments and look forward to further discussion. Written comments may be sent to our attention, Room 10236, NEOB, Washington, D.C. 20503. ____________________________________________________________

@_date: 1996-05-24 03:40:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CLI_pr3 
5-23-96. WaJo:    "Chasing Criminals at Cyberspeed."       Three recent developments in the money laundering trade       have governments especially worried: the proliferation       of offshore financial centers, the collapse of the       Soviet Union and the adaptation of emerging technologies       to criminal ends. Officials think newly developed "smart       cards" will be particularly appealing to criminals.       Smart cards could be used to download cash from bank       accounts, then used to make payments or deposits       anywhere in the world. All without anyone knowing who       holds the smart card, because encryption guarantees       anonymity.       Says Stanley Morris, director of FinCEN, "The only way       we can adequately assist our federal law enforcement       counterparts in following the trail of the multinational       money launderer is through our linkages with       multilateral arrangements such as ... [Clipper 3]."    5-23-96. FiTi:    "Japanese recruit 2,000 spies to monitor Asia crises."       Their main source of official information will be       material gathered by six electronic listening posts       stationed across Japan.    CLI_pr3 (for 2)

@_date: 1996-05-24 09:12:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [SCARE]:  "If you only knew what we know..." 
Peter Cassidy, an esteemed subscriber here, is the Wired author Tim notes,
who reports on the Bernstein case in the June issue. A well-written piece
with several thought-provokings in addition to those cited by Tim. Peter writes of Judge Marilyn Hall Patel on the Bernstein case: "Before the case is resolved, Patel's skepticism of the state's perogatives
will be tested to the limit when the government is called upon to defend
its policy. Patel is then likely to be given the *in camera* presentation
of The Deepest Darkest Secrets of Cryptography -- probably a modified
version of the classifed briefing the NSA has used with great success to
influence members of Congress. Legend has it that no one who ever got 'the
briefing' ever again opposed the agency." Peter, anyone, are these welcome-to-the-inner-circle briefings always by
NDA, or worse threat? Wonder if a public-spirited cryptographer is working on a book for a movie
about this heart of the deepest darkness?

@_date: 1996-05-24 10:57:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CLI_pr3 
subject    Several news reports in the last few days seem to be aiming    at raising the alarm about crypto, perhaps in response to    the various crypto bills, administration reformulations,    and studies such as that headed by Herb Lin.    The recycling of the news of DoD break-ins supposedly due    to heavy military reliance on the Internet; the drumbeat of    conferences, press releases and planted stories on    international money laundering, the hazards of E-money to    the stability of the banking system, spreading "Russian"    criminality, and the role of high-technology in each; global    Chinese arms dealers and copyright pirates; thousands of    Japanese spies needed to combat "Asian" threats.    These scares might well be orchestrated in support of    Clipper 3 -- to the mutual benefit of international     governments and commerce as stated by the IWGCP report.    The Clipper 3 report, as John Gilmore and others have    noted, aims at an international clampdown on non-GAKed    crypto. For this to work, all the major crypto players must    agree to act at the same time so that no one gets an    advantage by offering non-GAKed products.    But is it not probable that there will be a holdout    nation(s), like the Swiss in war and bank secrecy, to offer    crypto that is non-GAKed? Or will a holdout be starved?    Or is it more likely that the genuine alternative to    multilateral governmental regulation is going to be small-    scale, non-corporate, private parties, insusceptible to    large-sacle governmental-market coercion, willing to offer    risky, covert services, perhaps as lucrative as prohibited    armaments?    In such a case, for example, would not a highly skilled    cryptographer, let us call her Mathilda Blaze, be able to    sell covert crypto (on the side, encrypted transactions,    anonymity assured) for far greater reward than a not-very-    secure pittance and pension at a downsizing ATT, or NSA, or    Russia, China, Israel, France, UK, NL, JP ... ?    To be sure, if we knew what they knew, we would understand    why the House has just increased the intelligence budget to    $30bn, $2bn more than 1996 (WaPo 5-23-96).    Maybe all the major crypto nations (gov-and-com), are    minting E-money to pay their best techies to protect their    secrets. If so, may the best algorithmist take 'em all to    the cleaners -- just remember to share with the hackers    spooking the spooks-and-crooks of gov-com intel-insec,    and causing "Yo, man's" of recognition and admiration of     those peering for pennies at ELINT and NetSec screens.

@_date: 1996-05-25 01:52:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TILT! Counterfeit pachinko cards send $588 million down the chute. 
Follow-up to Peter Wayner's post yesterday:    The New York Times, May 24, 1996, p. D8.    American Banknote Gets Into Pachinko    The American Banknote Corporation said yesterday that it    was developing optical-reading technology for a group of    Japanese companies to help prevent counterfeit prepaid    cards in the pachinko business.    Pachinko, which is similar to pinball, is played in some    18,000 parlors in Japan and has grown in popularity in the    last few years.    Morris Weissman, American Banknote's chairman, said    American Banknote's holographics unit was making cash-value    cards and machines to read them. The cards and machines    will be tested in Japan in July, and "if certain criteria    are met," more will be installed in August, he said.    He said cards would authorize a person to play a game of    pachinko and win money. The cards, he said had "specific    algorithms and codes we believe are almost impossible to    duplicate."    -----

@_date: 1996-05-25 10:55:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Denning Sums Key Escrow 
Professor Dorothy Denning has an impressive accounting of 30+ key escrow systems, dated May 1, 1996, at:  This pointer came from "Marg's" report on a Denning seminar  in February at:  Marg's site also has pointers to an impressive array of worldwide E-commerce and security links at:  ----- Thanks much, Marg.

@_date: 1996-05-27 05:23:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Software Fame and Fortune 
The EcoMist of May 25 has a special survey (80 kb) of the global software
industry, which, the report claims, is the next fountainhead of computer
fame and fortune, thanks to the Internet, and the successor to the H/W
fairy tales. It barely mentions crypto -- described as a prime commercial product of
Israel's defense industry and the key to secure fame and fortune! It can be read-only at:

@_date: 1996-05-28 12:36:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SEM_tex 
New Sci 25 May 1996:    "Forensic lab awash with Semtex."       Just 5 nanograms of RDX -- one of the ingredients in       Semtex -- is enough to link a suspected terrorist to a       bombing. Yet the DERA forensic laboratory that carries       out tests in many high-profile terrorist cases       frequently finds more than this on its floor. "It's       horrifying," says an independent forensic scientist        who specialises in explosives cases. "They seem to        have been getting contamination all the time."       In contrast, forensic experts frequently say that the       Forensic Science Agency in Northern Ireland has the most       thorough precautions against contamination. The agency       moved to a new laboratory in 1992 after the IRA blew up       its old one.    SEM_tex

@_date: 1996-05-28 12:39:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MIN_ers 
New Sci 25 May 1996:    "Panning for data gold."       Nowadays nearly every organization from supermarkets to       the police can boast a vast mine of electronic data.       Separating the gold from the dross is the real       challenge. A growing band of computer scientists say       they can dig out nuggets of 24-carat knowledge from huge       mountains of database dross. They call themselves "data       miners", and they are wielding some pretty impressive       tools -- information theory, laws of probability,        neural networks, tree induction, genetic algoritms,        disjunctive normal form logic.       But the impact of their efforts is anything but esoteric.       By identifying potential new customers -- or ways of       hanging on to existing ones -- this information is worth       millions in extra revenue. And this is just the start,       according to Usama Fayyad of Microsoft Research and       co-editor of a new book on data mining.    MIN_ers

@_date: 1996-05-29 00:49:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ONE_two 
5-28-96. NYPaper:    "Physicists Put Atom In 2 Places At Once."       A team of NIST physicists has proved that an entire atom       can simultaneously exist in two widely separated places.       The achievement not only sheds light on the paradox of       Schrodinger's cat but could also have important       consequences for cryptography, a science that creates       codes to safeguard the electronic transfer of money,       state secrets and other valuable things.    ONE_two

@_date: 1996-05-30 03:03:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Quantum Logic Gates 
As complement to the ONE_two article on the NIST team's    latest work on quantum logic gates, we note that Malcolm    Browne also reported last August on parallel work at MIT.    We have put that article (keyed then as CAT_tal) at our    rickety Web site:           Also, Signal magazine reported on this area of research in    its April 1996 issue at:              Quantum-apr.html

@_date: 1996-05-30 04:41:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: UNV_eil 
21+C, Scanning the Future (UK), February, 1996:    "Dataveillance."    A global trend is emerging toward citizen surveillance.    While authorities speak of the need for data regulation and    people become digital shadows, watchdogs are doing some    monitoring of their won. With interviews of Phil Agre,    Roger Clarke and Simon Davies on invasive and privacy    technology.       These technologies face an uphill public relations       battle. Digital cash has already been widely accused of       providing money launderers, drug barons and other       criminals with the perfect means of continuing their       activities. It's the same argument that was used in the       Clipper Chip debate, in which the US government proposed       a central encryption software, and it will no doubt be       directed towards pseudonymous techniques as they emerge.       Simon Davies is familiar with this type of argument. He       says there has been a change of political winds in       recent years. Where once privacy was used to protect       individual freedoms it is now officially deemed by       governments and corporations to be an aid to criminals       and a barrier to administrative efficiency. "In a       generation, we now have privacy as almost like an       ancient forgotten wisdom," he says. Then he adds: "The       point that needs to be made very clear is that       technology has been misused. It always did have the       capacity, the capability to be a friend to people.       Instead, it has become a potential tool of enslavement.       And it has rendered society vulnerable on a scale that       has never been seen before. It is technologists and       politicians and financiers who have misused the       technology and should be brought to account for it."    UNV_eil

@_date: 1996-05-30 05:03:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TIC_hip 
5-29-96. FiTi:    Chips Galore [Editorial]    Texas Instruments' claim to have developed a technology    capable of inscribing 125m transistors, or computing    elements, on a thumbnail-sized slice of silicon is    remarkable chiefly because the technique is commonplace.    ...    The consequences for society of this continued rise in    complexity are perhaps not fully grasped even in an age in    which computers are taken for granted. The latest    technology promises ubiquitous, tiny packages of electronic    intelligence. Today's model is the smart card and the tiny    videocamera. Tomorrow, tiny processors will be embedded in    jewellery, spectacles, buildings and furniture. ...    Widely distributed computer power will confer substantial    advantages on society; but it will create new ethical    problems for society, such as the individual's right to    privacy, which may be at least as difficult to master as    the technology.    -----    FiTi reported yesterday and today on TI's new chip:    TIC_hip

@_date: 1996-05-30 14:15:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Science on Schrodinger's Cat 
We've filed at our Web site two May 24 Science articles on    the NIST team's research on quantum superposition, reported    by the NYT yesterday (keyed ONE_two):    A Research News article on the research by Gary Taubes,       "Schizophrenic Atom Doubles As Schrodinger's Cat -- or       Kitten."    And, the Research Article:       "A 'Schrodinger's Cat' Superposition State of an Atom."       C. Monroe, D. M. Meekhof, B. E. King, D. J. Wineland.    Due to the heavy use of equations and figures, the material    is imaged in JPEG (compressed) format -- 150 resolution and    enlarged a bit for readability, so the files are fairly    large:    The news article:         (234 kb)    The research article:          (153 kb)          (223 kb)          (224 kb)          (248 kb)          (200 kb)          (179 kb)          (210 kb)          (245 kb)           (35 kb)

@_date: 1996-05-30 15:31:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NRC crypto policy report to be released Thursday 
The initial September 14, 1994 announcement of the NRC National
Cryptography project is at:       It describes the program and lists committee members absolutely certain to
deny GAK tomorrow, trust them.

@_date: 1996-05-31 16:14:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Full NRC Crypto Report 
We got a copy of the full 434-page NRC report today at the D.C. public
meeting, headed noted "May 30, 1996, Prepublication Copy subject to Further
Editorial Correction." We are now scanning it and would be interested to know if anyone else is
doing so we don't duplicate the task. The full report consists of 32 pages of intro, 276 pages of main text in 8
parts, and 126 pages of 14 appendices. We note that the CSTB Web version of the Overview does not include the
Contents of the full report as did the printed Overview available at the
meeting. We will post the Contents here shortly to give a taste. And later give a
Web site for the Thing. BTW, there was a press briefing on the report at 11:00 AM, so stories may
be in the works.

@_date: 1996-05-31 17:03:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NRC Report Contents 
[Report Cover]                      [Header all pages]               May 30, 1996, Prepublication Copy            Subject to Further Editorial Correction                Cryptography's Role in Securing                    the Information Society             Kenneth Dam and Herbert Lin, Editors        Committee to Study National Cryptography Policy         Computer Science and Telecommunications Board Commission on Physical Sciences, Mathematics, and Applications                   National Research Council                    National Academy Press                     Washington, D.C. 1996 ____________________________________________________________                           Contents PREFACE    Introduction    Charge of the Committee to Study National Cryptography    Policy    What This Report Is Not    On Secrecy and Report Time Line    A Note from the Chair    Acknowledgments EXECUTIVE SUMMARY A ROAD MAP THROUGH THIS REPORT              PART I -- FRAMING THE POLICY ISSUES 1  GROWING VULNERABILITY IN THE INFORMATION AGE    1.1  The Technology Context of the Information Age    1.2  Transitions to an Information Society -- Increasing         Interconnections and Interdependence    1.3  Coping with Information Vulnerability    1.4  The Business and Economic Perspective         1.4.1  Protecting Important Business Information         1.4.2  Ensuring the Nation's Ability to Exploit                Global Markets    1.5  Individual and Personal Interests in Privacy         1.5.1  Privacy in an Information Economy         1.5.2  Privacy for Citizens    1.6  Special Needs of Government    1.7  Recap 2  CRYPTOGRAPHY: ROLES, MARKET, AND INFRASTRUCTURE    2.1  Cryptography in Context    2.2  What Is Cryptography and What Can It Do?    2.3  How Cryptography Fits into the Big Security Picture         2.3.1  Technical Factors Inhibiting Access to                Information         2.3.2  Factors Facilitating Access to Information    2.4  The Market for Cryptography         2.4.1  The Demand Side of the Cryptography Market         2.4.2  The Supply Side of the Cryptography Market    2.5  Infrastructure for Widespread Use of Cryptography         2.5.1  Key Management Infrastructure         2.5.2  Certificate Infrastructures    2.6 Recap 3  NEEDS FOR ACCESS TO ENCRYPTED INFORMATION    3.1  Terminology    3.2  Law Enforcement: Investigation and Prosecution         3.2.1  The Value of Access to Information for Law                Enforcement         3.2.2  The Legal Framework Governing Surveillance         3.2.3  The Nature of Surveillance Needs of Law                Enforcement         3.2.4  The Impact of Cryptography and New Media on                Law Enforcement (Stored and Communicated Data)    3.3  National Security and Signals Intelligence         3.3.1  The Value of Signals Intelligence         3.3.2  The Impact of Cryptography on SIGINT    3.4  Similarities and Differences Between Foreign         Policy/National Security and Law Enforcement Needs for         Communications Monitoring         3.4.1  Similarities         3.4.2  Differenees    3.5  Business and Individual Needs for Exceptional Access         to Protected Information    3.6  Other Types of Exceptional Access to Protected         Information    3.7  Recap                 PART II -- POLICY INSTRUMENTS 4  EXPORT CONTROLS    4.1  Brief Description of Current Export Controls         4.1.1  The Rationale for Export Controls         4.1.2  General Description         4.1.3  Discussion of Current Licensing Practices    4.2  Effectiveness of Export Controls on Cryptography    4.3  The Impact of Export Controls on U.S. Information         Technology Vendors         4.3.1  De Facto Restrictions on the Domestic                Availability of Cryptography         4.3.2  Regulatory Uncertainty Related to Export                Controls         4.3.3  The Size of the Affected Market for                Cryptography         4.3.4  Inhibiting Vendor Responses to User Needs    4.4  The Impact of Export Controls on U.S. Economic and         National Security Interests         4.4.1  Direct Economic Harm to U.S. Businesses         4.4.2  Damage to U.S. Leadership in Information                Technology    4.5  The Mismatch Between the Perceptions of Government/         National Security and Those of Vendors    4.6  Export of Technical Data    4.7  Foreign Policy Considerations    4.8  Technology-Policy Mismatches    4.9  Recap 5  ESCROWED ENCRYPTION AND RELATED ISSUES    5.1  What Is Escrowed Encryption?    5.2  Administration Initiatives Supporting Escrowed         Encryption         5.2.1  The Clipper Initiative and the Escrowed                Encryption Standard         5.2.2  The Capstone/Forteza (sic) Initiative         5.2.3  The Relaxation of Export Controls on Software                Products Using "Properly Escrowed" 64-bit                Encryption         5.2.4  Other Federal Initiatives in Escrowed                Encryption    5.3  Other Approaches to Escrowed Encryption    5.4  The Impact of Escrowed Encryption on Information         Security    5.5  The Impact of Escrowed Encryption on Law Enforcement         5.5.1  Balance of Crime Enabled vs. Crime Prosecuted         5.5.2  Impact on Law Enforcement Access to                Information    5.6  Mandatory vs. Voluntary Use of Escrowed Encryption    5.7  Process Through Which Policy on Escrowed Encryption         Was Developed    5.8  Affiliation and Number of Escrow Agents    5.9  Responsibilities and Obligations of Escrow Agents and         Users of Escrowed Encryption         5.9.1  Partitioning Escrowed Information         5.9.2  Operational Responsibilities of Escrow Agents         5.9.3  Liabilities of Escrow Agents    5.10 The Role of Secrecy in Ensuring Product Security         5.10.1 Algorithm Secrecy         5.10.2 Product Design and Implementation Secrecy    5.11 The Hardware/Software Choice in Product Implementation    5.12 Responsibility for Generation of Unit Keys    5.13 Issues Related to the Administration Proposal to         Exempt 64-bit Escrowed Encryption in Software         5.13.1 The Definition of "Proper Escrowing"         5.13.2 The Proposed Limitation of Key Lengths to 64                Bits or Less    5.14 Recap 6  OTHER DIMENSIONS OF NATIONAL CRYPTOGRAPHY POLICY    6.1  The Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act         6.1.1  Brief Description of and Stated Rationale for                the CALEA         6.1.2  Reducing Resource Requirements for Wiretaps         6.1.3  Obtaining Access to Digital Streams in the                Future         6.1.4  The CALEA Exemption of Information Service                Providers and Distinctions Between Voice and                Data Services    6.2  Other Levers Used in National Cryptography Policy         6.2.1  Federal Information Processing Standards         6.2.2  The Government Procurement Process         6.2.3  Implementation of Policy: Fear, Uncertainty,                Doubt, Delay, Complexity         6.2.4  R&D Funding         6.2.5  Patents and Intellectual Property         6.2.6  Formal and Informal Arrangements with Various                Other Governments and Organizations         6.2.7  Certification and Evaluation         6.2.8  Nonstatutory Influence         6.2.9  Interagency Agreements Within the Executive                Branch    6.3  Organization of the Federal Government with Respect to         Information Security         6.3.1  Role of National Security vis-a-vis Civilian                Information Infrastructures         6.3.2  Other Government Entities with Influence on                Information Security    6.4  International Dimensions of Cryptography Policy    6.5  Recap    PART III--POLICY OPTIONS, FINDINGS, AND RECOMMENDATIONS 7  POLICY OPTIONS FOR THE FUTURE    7.1  Export Control Options for Cryptography         7.1.1  Dimensions of Choice for Controlling the                Exportof Cryptography         7.1.2  Complete Elimination of Export Controls on                Cryptography         7.1.3  Transferral of All Cryptography Products to                the Commerce Control List         7.1.4  End-use Certification         7.1.5  Nation-by-Nation Relaxation of Controls and                Harmonization of U.S. Export Control Policy on                Cryptography with Export/Import Policies of                Other Nations         7.1.6  Liberal Export for Strong Cryptography with                Weak Defaults         7.1.7  Liberal Export for Cryptographic Applications                Programming Interfaces         7.1.8  Liberal Export for Escrowable Products with                Encryption Capabilities         7.1.9  Alternatives to Government Certification of                Escrow Agents Abroad         7.1.10 Use of Differential Work Factors in                Cryptography         7.1.11 Separation of Cryptography from Other Items on                the U.S. Munitions List    7.2  Alternatives for Providing Government Exceptional         Access to Encrypted Data         7.2.1  A Prohibition of the Use and Sale of                Cryptography Lacking Features for Exceptional                Access         7.2.2  Criminalization of the Use of Cryptography in                the Commission of a Crime         7.2.3  Technical Non-Escrow Approaches for Obtaining                Access to Information         7.2.4  Network-based Encryption         7.2.5  Distinguishing Between Encrypted Voice and                Data Communications Services for Exceptional                Access         7.2.6  A Centralized Decryption Facility for                Government Exceptional Access    7.3  Looming Issues         7.3.1  The Adequacy of Various Levels of Encryption                Against High-Quality Attack         7.3.2  Organizing the U.S. Government for Better                Information Security on a National Basis    7.4  Recap 8  SYNTHESIS, FINDINGS, AND RECOMMENDATIONS    8.1  Synthesis and Findings         8.1.1  The Problem of Information Vulnerability         8.1.2  Cryptographic Solutions to Information                Vulnerabilities         8.1.3  The Policy Dilemma Posed by Cryptography         8.1.4  National Cryptography Policy for the                Information Age    8.2  Recommendations    8.3  Additional Work Needed    8.4  Conclusion                          APPENDIXES A  Contributors to the NRC Project on National Cryptography    Policy B  Glossary C  A Brief Primer on Cryptography D  An Overview of Electronic Surveillance: History and Current    Status E  A Brief History of Cryptography Policy F  A Brief Primer on Intelligence G  The International Scope of Cryptography Policy H  Summary of Important Requirements for a Public-Key    Infrastructure I  Industry-Specific Dimensions of Security J  Examples of Risks Posed by Unprotected Information K  Cryptographic Applications Programming Interfaces L  Laws, Regulations, and Documents Relevant to Cryptography M  Other Looming Issues Related to Cryptography Policy N  Federal Information Processing Standards [End Contents]

@_date: 1996-06-01 07:54:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NRC Report, 0, 1, 2 
The first parts of the full NRC report are filed at our Web    site:    Preface, Executive Summary and Road Map:         (92 kb)    Part I -- Framing the Policy Issues    Chapter 1  Growing Vulnerability in the Information Age         (101 kb)    Chapter 2  Cryptography: Roles, Market and Infrastructure         (80 kb)    ---------    Remaining 6 chapters and 14 appendices to be announced as    completed.    ---------    Declan reports that an on-line version is due next week.    Note that National Academy Press is accepting orders for    the printed version, $45.00 + s/h each. For August.    National Academy Press, 2101 Constitution Ave, NW, Lockbox    285, Washington, DC 20055. Tel 1-800-624-6242.

@_date: 1996-06-01 10:41:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NRC Report, 3 
Chapter 3  Needs for Access to Encrypted Information         (88 kb)

@_date: 1996-06-01 12:53:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NRC Report, 4, 5, 6 
Part II    Policy Instruments    Chapter 4  Export Controls         (163 kb)    Chapter 5  Escrowed Encryption and Related Issues         (144 kb)    Chapter 6  Other Dimensions of National Cryptography Policy         (85 kb)    ---------    Tomorrow:    Part III   Policy Options, Findings and Recommendations    Chapter 7  Policy Options of the Future    Chapter 8  Synthesis, Findings and Recommendations    14 Appendices

@_date: 1996-11-01 05:38:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Primer on WIPO Treaty 
October 29, 1996
A Primer On The Proposed WIPO Treaty On Database Extraction Rights That Will Be Considered In December 1996*
James Love, Consumer Project on Technology
The World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) will
consider in December 1996 a new treaty that would require most
countries (including the United States) to severely curtail the
public's rights to use pubic domain materials stored in "databases."
Some experts say it is the "least balanced and most potentially anti-
competitive intellectual property rights ever created."  The U.S.
Patent and Trademark Office (PTO) is accepting public comments on
this treaty, and a digital copyright treaty that is also troubling.
Comments are due by November 22, 1996, and can be submitted by
electronic mail to: diploconf at uspto.gov.  Copies of the treaty,
commentary, and the PTO federal register notice is available from
  This memorandum provides background
information on the treaty and the problems it presents.
[Snip balance of excellent paper]
James Love
Consumer Project on Technology
email: love at tap.org
*HTML version at Ascii version formatted with 11 pt courier with 1 inch margins.
This is my first take on the treaty, and I would appreciate
comments and corrections.  This is a very important matter that
hasn't received much attention. jl
We've put this primer at:
     Thanks to James Love.

@_date: 1996-11-01 06:52:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Sorry, nyt 
We were unfair to call news-reading by gatekeeper.nytimes.com
of jya.com "snooping." We apologize to gatekeeper for that And for disclosing here access info which should be private.
The site is open to anyone, the more anonymous the better. Use anonymizer.com.

@_date: 1996-11-01 11:32:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Report on Anonymous E-Cash 
We've put the NSA report, "How To Make A Mint: The Cryptography
of Anonymous Electronic Cash, June, 1996" at:
        (84 kb)
It argues the dangers of anonymous cash and how to combat it.
Thanks to the authors, Laurie Law, Susan Sabett and Jerry
Solinas, NSA; Thomas Vartanian, Fried, Frank; and anonymous

@_date: 1996-11-03 16:45:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: VOO_doo 
October 25 Science reports on the latest teleportation research
in "To Send Data, Physicists Resort to Quantum Voodoo."
It describes a laser-driven apparatus for transmitting highly
secure encoded (but not encrypted) messages via entangled
photon states.
IBM's Charles Bennett says, "as other researchers work to
harness quantum mechanics for computation and
cryptography, teleportation could become the equivalent
of a quantum mail service."
VOO_doo  (txt)
Science is at:

@_date: 1996-11-04 06:26:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: URG_ent 
11-02-96.
 "Transaction Records Urged for Smart Cards"
    Electronic money systems must generate transaction records     to help law enforcement agencies track money launderers, a     senior Justice Department official said last week. "In a     paper environment ... we can get bank records, we can get
    credit card records. Our goal is only to preserve this ability."
 "Internet insecurity "
    Jeff Schiller: The Web has a lot of potential vulnerabilities.
    There's plenty I know about that I don't want to talk about.     People who know about the vulnerabilities are reluctant to talk     about them because if we disclose what we know to the public,     the bad guys will take advantage. And if we address them with     the vendor community, they don't do anything about them.     There's a lot of hooey out there. Never trust the advice of     someone selling you a product, especially if the sales pitch     is, "My product makes your problem go away."
 "RSA offers kit for secure credit-card transactions"
    RSA Data Security, Inc. will announce today a tool kit for     developing secure applications that support credit-card     transactions on the Internet called S/Pay in support of
    SET.
 "Medcom introduces a "Super Cafe" data encryption product"
    Medcom's latest data encryption product, the Secure Socket     Relay (SSR), features strong encryption with full key length     (56-bits DES). A demo version can be downloaded at
     "On Technology's Security White Paper"     "Taking The Threat Out Of Network Security," will stimulate     the industry into discussing some of the issues of security     that face the Internet industry and its users. Copies of     the paper are available on request from On Technology. The     company's Web site is at  .
   (21 kb)
 URG_ent
In another story on gov-spooked insecurity:
 NEC announced that it successfully demonstrated country-to-
 country virtual private networking (VPN). During the tests,  privacy and security was maintained between the two sites by  deploying DES and triple-DES encryption. Since DES  encryption technology cannot be exported from the United  States, a Japanese version of DES, developed outside the  U.S., was used.

@_date: 1996-11-04 15:18:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Inquest? 
Return-Path: lzkoch at mcs.net
X-Sender: lzkoch at popmail.mcs.net
John Young:
This is an identical letter to a limited number of contributors to
Cypherpunks regarding an article I will be writing for Upside Magazine about
the Cypherpunks List -- its history and the current controversies it now
seems to be facing.
(I'm the person who uncovered the Gorelick/"Manhattan project" story. A more
recent "Cybersense" column dealt with Chicago Police Superintendent Matt
Rodriguez wanting to escape from a 1974 Federal Court injunction against
police department spying on "radicals" so that he could now join in on
investigating Cyberterrorists. See  )  I will  be
writing a number of articles for the magazine itself.  I have been "lurking"
on Cypherpunks for about nine months with only one communications to the
list regarding a request for leads on "Snake Oil" stories.)
I would like to better understand and be able to explain to Upside readers
why several members have chose to "leave" the List.
Perry Metzger and others have argued that flaming and extraneous personal
attacks have negatively impacted serious discussions of encryption, hacking
and public policy and thus they have chosen to end their relationship and
their writings on Cypherpunks, with Metzger forming his own, moderated list.
Others contributors to Cypherpunks have argued that there have been
"distractions" rants about religion, assassination politics, and language
which are inappropriate for the List membership.
Late last week John Gilmore wrote and said he had taken steps to remove Dr.
Vulis from the list which has prompted differing responses.  Some have
responded positively to Gilmore's actions while others have said that it was
an affront to freedom of speech and individual decision-making.
(I have very deliberately chosen _not_ to make this an open letter to the
list, nor will I engage in any open List-dialogue about the people I am
interviewing or what I expect to write.  Naturally I will respond to
individuals once the article is published.)  I do not expect to be able to publish your responses in their entirety.
They will be edited with honesty and clarity.   I have no agenda here.
I will consider all your written and/or phone communications to be "on the
record" unless you specifically wish prior selected and/or identified parts
of your communications to be "off the record" or "for background purposes
only."  I will _not_ publicly announce a full list of those I have
contacted.  While you are of course free to share this letter with others, I
have already made fairly firm decisions as to who I will contact.  I would
ask that your circulation be highly limited, if circulate you must.  On the
other hand, I will seriously consider suggestions you might offer me
regarding other people who you believe I should contacted regarding this
article. The article will be lengthy but I do not entertain the idea -- at
this point -- about expanding the article into a book length manuscript.
That doesn't mean that if thousands upon thousands gather outside by home
demanding more information, that sometime in the future...
I would prefer to communicate in the open, mainly because I am just now
somewhat tenuously managing PGP through Private Idaho. Those of you who
insist your communications be encrypted, well, it's probably good for my
soul that I honor your request.
Here are the questions I would like you to consider.  Please do not consider
them "definitive" or limiting.  If you believe I have missed out on pursing
certain avenues of thought and argument, please do not hesitate to point
them out to me.  I will note that I will be looking at the history of the
list and I have noted the letter from Hal Finney regarding
I do not expect to write a general follow-up question to this entire list
but I may wish to seek further clarification from individuals from their
answers to this letter.
Thank you, in advance, for what I know will be thoughtful and considered
1.  What was the original purpose of the Cypherpunks list and has it
changed?  For the better?  Worse?
2.  Does the apparent breakup reveal anything in general about unregulated,
unmoderated lists?  Can one make a link to the breakup to an inherent
failure in the concept of anarchism? Can one make a link from this breakup
to any insight in the nature of the Net itself -- both now and in the
future.     3.  What do you think led to the  growing number of highly personal, highly
inflammatory attacks made on various contributors to the list -- Tim May
most especially. 4.  Do you consider discussions about religion, assassination politics, and
other non- cryptographic/encryption subjects to be "distractions" or
substantive additions to intellectual inquiry?  Are some threads more
valuable than others?
5.  Has the list imploded or veered off in a new, positive direction?  I would ask that you use the header "Cypherstory" in your response and
Cypherstory 1, 2 etc. for further communications, additions, changes.
Thank you
Lewis Z Koch
lzkoch at mcs.net
"Cybersense" column

@_date: 1996-11-05 00:32:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Protecting Your Data With Crypto 
We have put the November UNIX Review article Peter cited
in his letter to the editor, "Protecting Your Data With Cryptography,"

@_date: 1996-11-05 15:31:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FOR_tun 
"Techno-Hero or Public Enemy?"
   James Bidzos of RSA Data Security wants to go global
   with a potent shield against computer break-ins. Uncle
   Sam's most secretive spy agency wants to stop him. At
   stake is the right to privacy and the health of the
   U.S. software industry.
   -----
     (32 kb)
   FOR_tun

@_date: 1996-11-06 04:40:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SEC_ure 
11-04-96.
 "Web security threat grows"
 With a variety of new technologies like stronger encryption,
 smart cards and digital signatures and envelopes emerging to
 tighten Web security, experts working on various aspects of the
 problem agree the goal of end-to-end security on the Web will
 remain elusive as long as insecure operating systems dominate
 the commercial market. "You can't build security on top of
 insecurity," said Netscape's Jim Roskind, who spent much of a
 session on Webware fending off criticism of Java security flaws.
 "We have to assume that the [security] problems will be  pervasive forever," warned Peter Neumann. "This is a holistic  problem, and we have to deal with it in a global way."
 "Protection sought for U.S. systems"
 The initiative will be led by the Pentagon's Computer Emergency
 Response Team at Carnegie Mellon University and the Energy
 Department's Computer Incident Advisory Capability.
 "Motorola unveils chip for contactless smart card"
 One chip designing a contactless card that meets all
 frequencies of a proposed standard while the other adds
 cryptography to a single-chip solution.
 The other card incorporates a 1,024-bit modular encryption
 processor that is reportedly one of the fastest in the industry.
 "U.S.Joint Venture to Market Acoustic Smart Card Technology"
 NeTegrity also announced it has invested $1 million in Encotone,
 Ltd., for a 10% equity interest in the Israeli company. Other
 Encotone, Ltd. investors include ECI Telecom, a $500 million
 Israeli telecommunications firm, and Professor Michal Ben Or,
 Head of the Department of Computer Science at Hebrew
 University of Jerusalem and a worldwide authority on cryptology.
 "Microchip Technology launches highly secure smart card family  with KEELOQ code hopping technology"
 The SCS152 provides a programmable 64-bit cryptographic key
 used to create a digital signature unique to each card, which
 reduces the possibility of unwanted access to card information
 and the "cloning" of these cards for unauthorized payments.
 Other features include programmable user memory and
 "anti-tearing," which prevents the information in the card from
 being corrupted if the supply voltage is interrupted.
 "EEMA Lobbies Over Limiting US Encryption Controls"
 EEMA recognizes that the principal reasons for this is the
 disparate European legislation that surrounds the use of
 encryption, and the fact that inter-working with dominant
 US-based computer software -- operating system and application
 software -- is subject to US legislation and restrictions.
 "Putting EDI to the test"
 Security continues to be the main sticking point for using the Net
 as a vehicle for EDI. Vendors that will demonstrate secure  E-mail messages transporting EDI documents over the Web.
 The technology used is S/MIME, an encrypted version of the
 popular MIME protocol.
 "V-One Secures New Clients"
 NSA runs the nation's code-breaking operations, and DISA is
 supposed to keep the nation's networks secure, so there is not
 much chance of finding out what they do with the software they
 have bought from V-One.
 -----
   (28 kb)
 SEC_ure

@_date: 1996-11-06 08:48:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CLA_sh0 
Vigorous Cypherpunk debate on its purpose and future may be
   a harbinger of global conflict. A book review today on
   global conflict and six related essays in November
   Foreign Affairs may provide illumination -- both for
   Cypherpunk's crypto-mission and for its intramural clashes.
   (See Lewis Koch's inquest of global CP disputes.)
   11-6-96. NYP:
   "A Scholar's Prophecy: Global Cultural Conflict." Book
   review.
      With the end of the cold war, the division of the world
      into ideological camps and political networks has
      yielded to the basic human propensity to find meaning
      and identity in cultural commonality -- in blood,
      religion, heritage and birthright. After four centuries
      of Western domination, global politics will now become
      a complicated and deadly earnest contest among the
      world's major civilizations, mainly the Western one, the
      Islamic one, and the Sinic one deriving from China.
      Unless the West recognizes the power of cultural
      conflict, it could perish from ignorance, overconfidence
      and complacency.
   -----
      CLA_sh0
   The Foreign Affairs essays:
          (The URL is the index of the six; Huntington's is ready;
   others follow.)
   Abstracts:
   The West: Unique, Not Universal, Samuel P. Huntington
      Many in the West believe the world is moving toward a
      single, global culture that is basically Western. This
      belief is arrogant, false, and dangerous. The spread of
      Western consumer goods is not the spread of Western
      culture. Drinking CocaCola makes a Russian no more
      Western than eating sushi makes an American Japanese.
      The essence of the West is the Magna Carta, not the
      Magna Mac. As countries modernize, they may westernize
      in superficial ways, but not in the most important
      measures of culture language, religion, values. In fact,
      as countries modernize they seek refuge from the modern
      world in their traditional, parochial cultures and
      religions. Around the globe, education and democracy are
      leading to "indigenization." And as the power of the
      West ebbs, "the rest" will become more and more
      assertive. For the West to survive as a vibrant and
      powerful civilization, it must abandon the pretense of
      universality and close ranks. Its future depends on its
      unity. The peoples of the West must hang together, or
      they will hang separately.
   Democracy and the National Interest, Strobe Talbott
      Democracy makes good neighbors, and in an increasingly
      interconnected world the United States has both the
      means and the motive to promote the democratic process
      abroad. On the home front, Americans crave a foreign
      policy grounded, like their nation, in idealpolitik as
      well as realpolitik. The administration has made support
      of nascent democracies a priority of its diplomacy from
      Latin America to East Asia, and the returns from South
      Africa, Haiti, Russia, even Bosnia seem positive. But
      democratization is a long, hard journey in which
      elections are only the first step. The United States
      should encourage new democratic governments through
      their most fragile phase.
   Defense in an Age of Hope, William J. Perry
      Twice before, America had the opportunity to make the
      prevention of conflict its first line of defense. It
      must not lose this moment after the Cold War to foment
      a revolution in security strategy. Preventing
      proliferation is key, and U.S. programs help turn Soviet
      missile sites into sunflower fields. The American armed
      services the world's most emulated, show other
      militaries how to function in a civil society and
      conduct exchanges that head off misunderstandings. In
      Europe, George Marshall's fondest hopes are being
      realized through the Partnership for Peace which
      reverberates well beyond the security realm. Meanwhile,
      the United States leverages forces for maximum
      deterrence and invests in smart technology. But its best
      investment is in openness and trust, the essential tools
      of the art of peace.
   Germany's New Right, Jacob Heilbrunn
      Not skinheads in jackboots but journalists, novelists,
      professors, and young businessmen constitute the German
      new right. Since the fall of the Berlin Wall, they have
      sought the "normalization" of German history, a revival
      of nationalism, and recognition that Germany is the most
      powerful country in Europe. When confronted with the
      Nazi past, they talk about Stalin's crimes and complain
      of an oppressive "political correctness." Violence
      against immigrants is answered with complaints of
      attacks against Germans. Though not a political
      movement, the new right is extending the boundaries of
      the politically acceptable.
   Banning Ballistic Missiles, Alton Frye
      Heady years for arms control make a superpower
      complacent. The structure of restraint accepted by
      Washington and Moscow could crack; meanwhile,
      proliferation continues apace and nuclear materials
      trickle onto the world market. The Clinton team has
      followed through on the work of past negotiators, but it
      is high time for a third START. The United States should
      propose the dramatic steps of placing nuclear warheads
      in "strategic escrow" and banning ballistic missiles.
      Advanced monitoring and inspection technologies make the
      plan practicable, and there will be security payoffs for
      all.
   Is the World Ready for Free Trade?, Charles R. Carlisle
      Though a leap to global free trade is a nice idea, the
      political support is just not there. Nor is any such
      earthshaking step necessary. The World Trade
      Organization has an extensive built-in agenda that
      should not be derailed. Fears of regionalism are greatly
      exaggerated, since regional trade has not increased much
      since the early 1970S and current plans for free trade
      in the Americas and the Pacific are unlikely to succeed.
      Few countries share the free-trade faith of the United
      States and Great Britain, and even in those places,
      economic anxiety threatens to push trade in the other
      direction.
   -----

@_date: 1996-11-06 17:21:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ANO_mal 
11-6-96. FiTi:
   "Anomalies across international borders"
   "I think there is a feeling that the UK's long history    of success in code-cracking makes the security services    confident about being able to break through any encryption
   scheme -- or use criminal law to enforce surrender of the
   key," Neil Barrett says. In his recent book, "The    State of the Cybernation", he examines cross-border
   encryption issues in greater detail.
   -----
      ANO_mal

@_date: 1996-11-07 04:38:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Key to the Future of E-Commerce 
Breaking Into Electronic Commerce [Excerpts]
By Larry Lange
Internet commerce is a riddle wrapped in an enigma. At once the
biggest opportunity the computer and communications industries face in
the latter half of the 1990s, it also represents their biggest risk. ...
The L0pht is about what you'd expect in the way of headquarters for a
motley group of twentysomething computer hackers with Internet
names like Deth Vegtable, Brian Oblivion and Mudge. ...
Mudge and his ilk of brilliant break-in artists believe they play an important role as the underground angels of Internet commerce, minding the gates to the new digital marketplace. ...
Eric Hughes agrees. As a co-founder of Cypherpunks, Hughes is part of a virtual band of code crackers spun out of the Advanced Computer Lab at the University of California at Berkeley, connected by a regular listserv-group e-mail that reports as many as 60 security breeches daily. The group's raison d'etre, says Hughes, is "evaluating security in the interest of the user.'' His frank appraisal of the state of the art in electronic-commerce products is a tonic for the hyperbole of the public-relations machine.
"I disagree with the characterization that electronic-security tools are in a high state of excellence,'' Hughes says. "In fact, I consider the state-of-shelf quite poor and not economical to deploy. Until platform security is drastically improved, these kinds of problems correctly lead to some queasiness over the widespread use of PCs to keep secrets.'' Like it or not, the Web denizens like Hughes and Mudge hold the key to the future of electronic commerce on the Internet, and everyone in the industry knows it. ...
Not all Internet companies are courting the cyber Robin Hoods, however. "We're trying to prove that cryptography is powerful and can make viable, attractive and commercial propositions, while at the same time protecting people's privacy,'' says David Chaum,
"The Cypherpunk approach is the opposite. It's 'We're gonna make and break systems and we're gonna debunk things by finding weakness in systems.''' [Snip balance of longish feature article]

@_date: 1996-11-08 03:06:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WinKrypt 
"WinKrypt's marriage of highly sophisticated technology -- such
 as the advanced, not-for- export 256-bit GOST encryption
 algorithm contained in the KeyMail program -- with a
 user-friendly interface virtually redefines the PC security
 category," said Syncronys.

@_date: 1996-11-09 05:48:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Why Crypto Is Hard 
We've put Bruce Schneier's "Why cryptography is harder than it looks"
November 6 post to Risks at:
     Thanks to SZ.

@_date: 1996-11-09 07:49:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Why Crypto Is Hard 
Bruce asks his Risk post not be distributed on the Web. Okay.

@_date: 1996-11-09 10:20:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Black Unicorn exposed? 
Sarah v. Bernhardt will be thrillingly laid bare in Beantown.
Swiss cheese, she flashed, foxily fluttering the lie-machine.
That "no cameras, please" is spooky-spooky tease, no dirty-looky pix of the Wonder Bare *ookie.
Pseudo-Actors for hire. Harvard-bred, breeding lot of the B&B
Dirty laundrying of tropical hula-moola, you betcha your rubber check, get there early, to admire the hall sweepers. Keep your
eye peeled for the one-eyed one-horn in overalls using infra-red.

@_date: 1996-11-10 11:21:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: a retort + a comment + a question = [RANT] 
A brilliant mini essay, which most succinctly answers Samuel P.
Huntington's long essay in November Foreign Affairs.
And recaps the ancient struggle between "public-governmental" in the "public interest" and "private-anti-governmental" in the "private interest."
Those who argue that the public needs protection from internal and
external enemies -- "national security" -- gloss over that this ideology
has a long heritage as a big-time, self-interested business, or racketeer
influenced organized crime, to be blunt. Colin Powellism breast-fed on Fight the Day's Devil milk, like two thousand generations of fundamentalist up-and-comers.
For governmental and military and priestly careerism is no different that
the profit or organizational kinds. Each have religio-philosophical underpinnings backed by shrewd legislative pie-slicing-and-distribution
with crucial physical enforcement to fend off those who didn't get a slice and are hungrily pissed at the collusive exclusion.
A lot of this smoke is PR machines blowing hard for each of the Big Bands:
Gov, Mil, Com, Org, Edu, Etc. Blurring the distinctions, stealing from one
another, swapping personnel and programs, doling out contracts, racing to copy the latest ploy, apology, attack, whine, while securing those ancient by-the-rule perks against the ruthless up-and-comers.
Mafia, military, crypto shooters -- taking orders for small kisses of blessing/death, climbing the ladder of earthly reward.
Still, global anarcho-bands of mercenary bandits, hmm, what's that
411 for International Terrorist Gun Show -- er, military-industrial
showcases of megadeath?

@_date: 1996-11-11 08:56:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ENT_ice 
11-11-96. WaPo Page One:
   "Preventing Terrorism: Where to Draw the Line? With
   Militias, U.S. Adopts Preemptive Strategy"
      This strategy requires aggressive and potentially
      controversial tactics as investigators infiltrate groups
      and bring charges on the basis of allegedly criminal
      plans that are conceived but not carried out. Federal
      agencies are more willing to launch investigations when
      people talk about committing violent acts, and
      investigators are more prone to use ordinary citizens as
      informants.
      According to legal experts, the mere discussion of a
      crime, no matter how fanciful it may be, can constitute
      a criminal conspiracy. "The classic example is that you
      are guilty of a crime if you conspire with someone else
      to stick pins in a voodoo doll in the belief that your
      enemy will fall dead," said Albert Alschuler, a law
      professor at the University of Chicago.
   -----
     (13 kb)
   ENT_ice

@_date: 1996-11-11 12:41:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Why Crypto Is Hard 
See the final version of Bruce Schneier's essay "Why Cryptography Is Harder Than It Looks ... " at:

@_date: 1996-11-12 06:25:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Enabling Electronic Commerce 
Would anyone know of a source for the "Enabling Electronic
Commerce" paper listed below? The hyperlink gave a 404 but
identified the document as "iiicecom.htm."
  [Excerpt]
World's Leading IT Industry Associations Reach Accord On
Global Information Society Policy Issues
October 31, 1996, Napa, California The world's leading information technology industry associations completed work today on policy recommendations to stimulate the realization of a Global Information Society. These recommendations, or common views papers, were adopted by the group at the conclusion of this week's International Information Industry Congress (IIIC) in Napa Valley, California. They cover the following issues: Enabling Electronic Commerce -- discusses the requirements for successful international electronic commerce:
     cryptography policy;      acceptance of electronic proofs;      digital signatures;      and electronic contracts and receipts. [Snip balance of document]

@_date: 1996-11-12 22:16:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NRC Crypto Report Supplement 
As Herb Lin noted here last week, the final printed version
of the NRC Cryptography Report is available. It's a handsome
and bountiful volume; and belongs in all the world's libraries.
The main difference from the May 30 pre-publication version
is about 190 pages of reference documents, now provided
in a new Appendix N. The book claims all came from the Internet.
We've put 13 of the documents listed below on our site, and will finish the last 2 tomorrow. The Executive Orders, MOUs and MOAs may be of interest.
The contents are at:
     Here's they are:
Appendix N  Laws, Documents, and Regulations, Relevant to Cryptography N.1    STATUTES N.1.1  Wire and Electronic Communications Interception and
       Interception of Oral Communications
N.1.2  Foreign Intelligence Surveillance N.1.3  Pen Register and Traffic Analysis N.1.4  Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act of 1995
N.1.5  Computer Security Act of 1987
N.1.6  Arms Export Control Act
N.2    EXECUTIVE ORDERS N.2.1  Executive Order 12333 (U.S. Intelligence Activities)
N.2.2  Executive Order 12958 (Classified National Security Information)
N.2.3  Executive Order 12472 (Assignment of National Security and        Emergency Preparedness Telecommunications Functions)
N.2.4  National Security Directive 42 (National Policy for the        Security of National Security Telecommunications and        Information Systems)
N.3    MEMORANDUMS OF UNDERSTANDING (MOU) AND AGREEMENT (MOA)
N.3.1  National Security Agency/National Institute of Standards
       and Technology MOU
N.3.2  National Security Agency/Federal Bureau of Investigation MOU
N.3.3  National Security Agency/
       Advanced Research Projects Agency/
       Defense Information Systems Agency MOA
N.4    REGULATIONS
N.4.1  International Traffic in Arms Regulations
N.4.2  Export Administration Regulations

@_date: 1996-11-14 05:20:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: No Subject 
Cypherpunks does not seem to me to be anything like the well-
regulated lists you ascribe to Prof Volokh.
Could you, with Professor Volokh, expand on the application of "editorial control" on "unmoderated" lists? (See Netly below)
As well as amplify "the power to kick folks off a list ... if conversation veers too far from the list's charter." (See your quote below) Isn't this power the black heart of free speech racketeering? And what makes the glands of secret authoritarians thrill with benevolent suppression of assent on behalf of the disorderly, fuzzy-minded citizenry?
Media moguls and list runners share commonalities, to be sure,
but I wonder if it's not cruel to compare John Gilmore to Professsor
Volokh, and both to, say, Rupert Murdoch.
[Netly News]
Eugene Volokh, a law professor at UCLA, runs a number of mailing
lists and has kicked people off to maintain better editorial control.
Volokh says that the most valuable publications are those that
exercise the highest degree of editorial control.
[Your post of 11-13]
In my experience, and I've talked about this at some length with Prof. Volokh who runs a number of lists himself, the best and most valuable
discussion lists are those that are unmoderated but have a list owner who
has the power to kick folks off a list and can try to steer the direction
of a conversation if it veers too far from the list's charter.

@_date: 1996-11-15 05:34:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Well-regulated 
"Well-regulated" means different things to different mind-sets.
As do "leadership," "moderator" and "anarchy."
All can be fulfilled in diametrically opposite ways: benevolent
suppression of assent to attain uninspired unanimity or pissed respect for your opponents skill at insulting you and your ideas,
sexual preferences, hair style, even, ahem, code and writing What you call "way astray" about cypherpunks I would call
"healthy waywardness of stray cats."
I say, let the wild cats grow and wail backalley of the spiffy facades and green lawns; let them disturb sly cultivators of the currently fashionable, marketable career-boosting management of the
Internet herd.
That's my critique of the 1st Amend mongers (spit): too narrow-
minded about freedom of speech, they always give themselves
away by fanaticism about proper grammar and spelling and
behavior, well, you know, demanding polymorphous heathens do it like missionaries who think tongues are only for talking.
Heed the complicity of God and Mammon, one person's butthole is another person's way to heaven on earth. As missionaries admit
about the joys of exotic lands and stray cat codes and wailing
The Occident is a prig, and overly addicted to a tight-laced definitions of propriety, heirarchy and rank. That's "well-regulated"
at its worst and meanest and murderous and censorious.

@_date: 1996-11-15 07:37:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ABI_tch 
11-15-96. WaJo:
   "History of Software Begins With the Work Of Some Brainy
   Women"
      The Army called the women "computers." One day word
      spread that the brightest "computers" were needed to
      work on a new machine called the Eniac, setting dozens
      of dials and plugging a ganglia of heavy black cables
      into the face of the machine, a different configuration
      for every problem -- "programming," they came to call
      it. "The Eniac," says one woman, now 71, "was a son of
      a bitch to program."
   -----
     (6 kb)
   ABI_tch

@_date: 1996-11-15 18:52:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: National Emergency 
The same emergency was invoked for the same purpose in December,
1995, with citation of the elusive EO 12924 identical to the latest EO.
     See:

@_date: 1996-11-16 17:19:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Final Solution to the Crypto Problem 
Not to diminish the validity of Tim's alarm, is there not reason to
anticipate that
these tokens will be crackable. And thus continue the race between crypto enforcers and crackers?
In addition to the recent successes against smart cards, there seems to be trouble with the government's program for widespread use of Fortezza cards, according to complaints of various military and civilian sites. The Fortezza
site at ljl.com seems to have been set up so that open, easily accessible
information could be gotten by the harried military users (see, for example,
the list of Fortezza complaints at  ).
Moreover, there is surely to be continued competition among the players
who are trying to increase their market share -- both government and
commercial, both domestic and international. Will they not continue to attack each other's crypto products? And will not each nation's government
continue to subsidize their favored producers in international economic and
military contentions?
The point is made on cypherpunks that the odds are increasingly on the crackers even if there are periodic gains by behind-the-scenes plots among
the enforcers and there temporary allies (as Tim notes, these are often short-
term romances). And that hardware systems are the most vulnerable due to their illusory physical security -- the fatal conceit that brawn can beat brains in crypto, as it claims it used to do in iron- and fire-power (that was
before iron became subservient to code).
Finally, take a look at the history of these "emergency" Executive Orders outlined in No. 12924 posted by Peter Junger. Then look at the predecessors to those at  They go back through several administrations and confirm what Hal first raised: there is a concerted effort to get around accountability for the continuation of the so-called emergency, and successive Congresses have been complicit in the camouflage.

@_date: 1996-11-17 05:49:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: A word on "emergencies" [WAS Re: Final Solution to the Crypto ] 
Thanks for the steady-hand reassurance. Your papers are balm.
Was it not Hal's original ironic lament about the current charade -- that
it's business as usual among the jaded insiders who are confident that they know how power really works.
The disdain for public accountability -- cynical extension of declared emegencies well past their time -- is what breeds the desire of outsiders
to protect themselves from insiders. Hence, the desire for crypto, especially the cryptanalytic kind that ventilates those privileged inside
The battle may be between cryptogologists and lawyers, it seems to me,
the struggle for supremacy between privacy-protecting code and privilege-protecting secrecy.
Hoary national security proclamations have become much more lethal munitions than cryptography, and it is these incitements that need ... what, X-rating? What can be done to supplant these thrilling, crowd-
rousing proclamations of national threats -- ancient, vulgar strategems around the globe?

@_date: 1996-11-17 08:44:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GIV_eus 
11-16-96. WaPo:
   "Air Force Halts Merger of SAIC and Aerospace. Feared
   Change Could Affect Spy Program."
      Aerospace has analyzed all aspects of the nation's
      super-secret satellite and rocket programs, as well as
      space companies' most sensitive proprietary data. The
      Air Force's clubby classified space office feared
      changing Aerospace's status could disrupt operations.
      Many defense contractors have complained about such
      feared contracts for insiders, begging: god, give us.
   -----
     (4 kb)
   GIV_eus

@_date: 1996-11-18 06:10:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DOO_dad 
Several pieces on the export of encryption regs, the crypto czar,
Motorola's crypto modem, PGP's buy of PrivNet, and Keytronic's finger-ID keyboard.
Professor Denning opines that the HP doodad will include GAK.
The NYT has a long report today on a pedophile computer racket run from a prison. With details on how investigators were able to
break through hard drive security and use DejaNews to track a suspect. A prison computer business was used to cloak the kiddy
pixels. Red flags the Internet's lurid prospects compared to the virtues
of do-me-dads like the Times.
see:

@_date: 1996-11-18 08:21:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TIS + HP 
A blurb in the Wash Post today says that the HP roll-out
this morning will include TIS's "trusted third party" product.
"One essential ingredient in the equation: technology
developed by TIS. TIS is so far the only company that has received permission to export encryption technology overseas that exceeds the government's existing Guess we'll know shortly who else in the System is to be Trusted with Information -- other than Thirds, Fourths and
other Dots and Steves.

@_date: 1996-11-18 08:44:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: POC_ket 
WaJo reports today on IBM's tiny pocket computer that
transmits data through the body -- to another body or to
a device such as a telephone. Invented by Tom Zimmerman,
formerly of the Media Lab, it can tell "anything you touch
who you are." Being shown at Comdex.
The body as a token. How to crack a human? Grab and squeeze out a pass phrase.

@_date: 1996-11-18 10:00:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BIS_sez 
11-18-96. FiTi:
   "Electronic money threat to central banks"
      A report issued today by the BIS says that innovations
      such as "electronic purses" or "digital cash" used over
      the Internet could erode central banks' income.
      "However, if issuance of e-money is limited to banks,
      the regulatory framework already in place can be
      extended to cover the new products, but competition and
      innovation might be more limited."
   -----
      BIS_sez

@_date: 1996-11-18 23:51:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Securing Electronic Mail Within HMG 
We have received from an anonymous source a document titled:
"Securing Electronic Mail Within HMG, Part I, Infrastructure and Protocol." 21 March 1996.
"This document is the first part of CESG's recommendations for securing electronic mail within HMG. The main objective of the recommendations is to facilitate pan-government secure inter-
operability of electronic mail, by simplifying the implementation of secure electronic mail within government, ensuring secure electronic mail between departments is possible, attempting to facilitate future inter-operability with commercial users,
maximising the use of commercial technology in a controlled manner,
whilst allowing access to keys for data recovery or law enforcement purposes if required."
Other sections describe:
2. Authentication Framework
3. Confidentiality Framework
4. Security Protocol
The document refers to the Royal Holloway program for TTP critiqued by Ross Anderson and others as "EuroClipper." Perhaps those with more knowledge could make an assessment.
The document consists of 13 pages of text and diagrams, with a few gaps.
  (35 kb with 7 jpg images)

@_date: 1996-11-19 05:52:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Securing Electronic Mail Within HMG 
Ben rightly points to a complete and handsome forebear of our gap-toothed descendant. We withdraw ours.
Thanks Ben. And thanks for your "addendum" to A&R.

@_date: 1996-11-19 08:38:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CAVE Query 
We've received by black bag a 25-page doc entitled:
     TR45.3, Appendix A to IS-54,  Rev. B
     Dual-Mode Cellular System
     Authentication, Message Encryption, Voice Mask
     Generation, A-Key Verification, and Test Data
     February, 1992. No Source.
It describes the CAVE cryptographic function in detail,
and its use to generate a set of cryptovariables for the Cellular Message Encryption Algorithm (CMEA); for generation of 520 bits for the duplex voice privacy masks; and for other tasks.
Each page warns that information in the document may be
subject to export jurisdiction under ITAR.
Does anyone know if this is already available on the
TIA of incarceration.

@_date: 1996-11-20 19:47:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CAVE Report 
We've put the CAVE-based report at:
     (46 kb with 7 images)
CAVE = Cellular Authentication and Voice Encryption algorithm.
Nokia, for one, uses a CAVE algorithm to secure its latest toy.

@_date: 1996-11-20 21:24:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BIS E-money Report 
Thanks to IG, we've put a copy of the BIS report on E-money at:
   Here's a blurb from the intro:
Implications for Central Banks of the Development of Electronic
October 1996
Since the end of 1995 the central banks of the Group of Ten (G-10) countries have been studying the development of electronic money and the various policy issues which it raises. Much of this work has been carried out by the Committee on Payment and Settlement Systems (CPSS) or by monetary policy experts from G-10 central banks. Electronic money was discussed by BIS member central banks at meetings in Basle in July and September 1996. In August, the BIS published a report on the Security of Electronic Money prepared by the CPSS and the Group of Computer Experts.
This report provides a definition of electronic money and a description of its key features. It discusses the factors influencing the development of e-money products. Finally, it reviews the policy issues raised by e-money developments, as seen from a central bank perspective, and discusses the possible policy responses.

@_date: 1996-11-21 05:26:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CAVE Table 
For clarity we've replaced the CAVE Table image in TR45.3 with HTML and ASCII versions.
The tables are also at:

@_date: 1996-11-21 07:39:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ROB_not 
11-21-96. NYP:
"Treasury Report Will Oppose Federal Taxes on Internet Sales"
   Issues of key escrow, digital cash, anonymous transactions,
   and identifying where in the world transactions occur. Feds claim    they differ from greedy states who want to rob the Net golden    goose. The report will be posted to  for comment.
   (Not there yet at 10:30 EST.)

@_date: 1996-11-22 18:00:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Report on Net Tax Policy 
The US Treasury Department's report "Selected Tax Policy Implications of Global Electronic Commerce," reported this morning in the NYT, is available at:
     ftp://ftp.fedworld.gov/pub/tel/internet.wp       (260 kb; WordPerfect 6.1)
We've prepared an HTML version at:
       (140 kb)
Here's the TOC
Section I: Introduction
  Executive Summary
  1. Introduction Section II: Technical Background
  2. An Overview of the Global Information Infrastructure          or "Information Superhighway"
  3. The World Wide Web and Electronic Commerce
  4. Security and Encryption
  5. Payment Mechanisms Section III: Tax Policy and Administration Issues
  6. Tax Policy and Administration Issues: General          Considerations
  7. Substantive Tax Law Issues
  8. Tax Administration and Compliance Issues    
     9. Conclusion
  Glossary
  Notes

@_date: 1996-11-23 19:22:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Security of E-Money 
The Bank for International Settlements (BIS) published in
August, 1996, "Security of Electronic Money," a long, detailed study. Compare this architecture to Anderson/Kuhn's and Biham/Shamir's recent demolition.
The orginal is available at:
     Better, Ian Grigg has HTML-ed it at:

@_date: 1996-11-26 17:37:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TIA Invites 
A rep of the Telecommunications Industry Association
telephoned to say that TIA has invited authority to investigate disclosure of TIA's TR45.3 to the unworthy.

@_date: 1996-11-28 11:50:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TIA Invites 
The TIA rep asked if I knew TR45.3 is ITAR-ed.
The document has such a notice, I answered.
TIA said, we've told the Feds it's on your Web site.
But why tell me, I asked.
Thought you'd like to know we told the Feds, TIA said.

@_date: 1996-11-29 13:36:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: LON_ely 
11-25-96:
 "Intel Enters Encryption Market With HP For PCMCIA Card "
 So far, HP is the only computer company offering the
 combination PCMCIA and smart card encryption hardware.
 VLSI and Tandem are developing an encryption chip for use  on a PCMCIA card. VLSI built the infamous Clipper chip  developed by the NSA that was shot down as a proposed  government standard after overwhelming industry opposition.
 In a separate development, National Semi, one of two suppliers  of the Fortessa encryption card, scaled back its government  encryption operations. Program delays, slim margins, and  contract disputes with the NSA disillusioned the chip maker.
 LON_ely  (5 kb)

@_date: 1996-10-02 02:07:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on New GAK 
The New York Times, October 1, 1996, pp. D1, D2.    Accord Near On Computer Security Codes       'Key' System Required For Law Enforcement    By David E. Sanger    Washington, Sept. 30 -- After several years of debate    between the computer industry and American intelligence    agencies, President Clinton has decided to permit American    computer companies to export more powerful data-scrambling    software but only if they establish a system that will    enable keys to the code to be obtained by law enforcement    officials with a court warrant.    Administration officials, speaking on the condition of    anonymity, said Mr. Clinton reached his decision late last    week and that Vice President Al Gore would announce it on    Wednesday or Thursday.    Several big computer companies, led by the I.B.M., have    agreed to the new system, but many others, which have    opposed past proposals by the Administration for data-    scrambling policies, are likely to object.    Many American computer and software executives have long    argued that United States export controls on the most    sophisticated data-privacy technology put American industry    at a disadvantage versus products sold by their foreign    competitors.    But the Clinton White House, like previous Administrations,    citing national security issues and fears of foreign    terrorists or criminals, is loath to permit the export of    some of the most powerful data-scrambling software. The    reason has chiefly been that intelligence agencies feared    such equipment would be used by foreign terrorists, drug    cartels and other criminals to hide transactions and    communications.    Now, in a compromise, according to two senior officials in    the Administration who have been deeply involved in the new    policy, American companies will be permitted on Jan. 1 to    export software that encrypts, or scrambles, data using    "keys" -- lengthy numeric codes -- that are up to 56 bits    long. Until now, companies have been prohibited from    selling products abroad that have keys longer than 40 bits.    Mr. Clinton has also decided to move the authority for    exporting the encryption software from the State    Department, which has had export-licensing authority    because the technology has been classified as munitions, to    the Commerce Department, which controls the export of    products that have both commercial and military use.    Industry officials have long urged that change, betting the    Commerce Department would be more inclined to give a higher    priority to American competitive interests.    But starting in two years, American companies choosing to    export the more sophisticated software would have to set up    what the industry is calling a "key recovery" system. That    system would enable intelligence officials and law    enforcement agents, armed with court warrants, to go    through a lengthy multi-step process that would give them    the mathematical key to decoding scrambled communications.    The approach replaces the Administration's earlier proposed    "key escrow" system in which the Government would have been    the repository of the numeric keys -- leading to fears of    potential Government abuse, or a reluctance by legitimate    foreign users to buy the software.    Under the new plan, the keys may be held by third-party    companies. And large institutions, like banks may be    allowed to hold their keys in escrow -- assuming they pass    some kind of Government certification.    Still, the success of the system will depend on large part    on the Administration's efforts to persuade other countries    to adopt the same "key recovery" system, allowing their    intelligence agencies and justice systems to cooperate in    trailing criminals across national borders. But Mr.    Clinton's aides acknowledged today that this process has    just begun, and so far only England and France have    expressed much enthusiasm.    "It is going to take a while to persuade people that their    data is safe under this system, that it protects privacy,    and yet that we can use the system to trace terrorists or    drug dealers," one senior Administration official said.    Officials at I.B.M., which is expected to announce on    Wednesday the creation of an industry consortium to aid in    establishing the "key recovery" system, said today that no    single entity would hold the entire key.    Instead, it will be divided up across several companies    that would handle any given message, much the way the    launching officials in nuclear missile silos each had only    part of the key instructions needed to begin a nuclear    attack.    If the C.I.A., for example, obtained a court order to    decode a message, it would have to go to several groups    with its warrant to piece together the key.    "We believe that this solves the, biggest weak point in the    previous plans, where one entity held the key," said an    I.B.M. official familiar with the company's announcement.    But these steps are not likely to silence all the critics.    "There is still a perception that the U.S. is trying to    extend its intelligence capability by setting standards    around the world," said Marc Rotenberg, director of the    Electronic Privacy Information Center.    There are other potential holes in the system. Customers in    the United States will be free to buy encryption software    of any complexity -- as they can today -- with keys that    are much longer than 56 bits and are nearly impossible to    break. That means terrorist groups or drug dealers could    still buy such software and sneak it out of the country, or    even transmit it over computer networks.    "There is nothing we can do about bright students or Joe    Terrorist who use sophisticated encryption systems to    communicate with each other," one senior administration    official said. "But when they brush up against legitimate    groups, especially banks," the official said, "then they    are more likely to be dealing with a system" where law    enforcement could use the key recovery system to decode the    communications.    On Capitol Hill, several bills had been pending that would    lift all export controls on encryption software, but the    legislation did not move as the current session of Congress    wound down. In Congressional testimony last week, Jamie S.    Gorelick, Deputy Attorney General, said lifting all export    controls would "undermine our leadership role in fighting    international crime and damage our own national security    interests."    [End]

@_date: 1996-10-02 02:48:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: e$: NSA Fluffy FUD? 
web?  that  You bet, and begging for it. Fax: 212-799-4003 (USfA)

@_date: 1996-10-02 05:07:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: LEO_rat 
10-1-96. WaPo:    "U.S. to Ease Encryption Restriction." Page One lead.       Sources at IBM say scientists there have devised a       scheme that uses several steps to encrypt information       and the keys for unlocking it. Law enforcement officials       authorized to unscramble information would not get a key       for unlocking a message but instead the instructions for       how to break open a specific encrypted message.    -----        LEO_rat    -----    For an earlier report on IBM's LEO-rat, see

@_date: 1996-10-02 05:18:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ASAP letter on e-cash 
Forbes, ASAP, October 7, 1996, p. 18.    Bankrupt the Bureaucrats!    Eugene Ludwig's principal concern ["The Money Changers,"    August 26] is not counterfeiting, theft, or fraud: Those    crimes have victims, and regulators are never concerned    with victim crimes.    As comptroller of currency, he is worried sick about tax    evasion (i.e., avoidance) and money laundering because he    knows that technology like Chaum's Ecash could put him    and his entire bureaucracy out of their cushy jobs,    regardless of the actions of the executive branch or    Congress.    Counterfeiting a $100 bill, even one of the new ones, is    easier than counterfeiting one of David Chaum's Ecash    payments, and the previous level of government "concern"    regarding offshore counterfeiting of $100 bills is    instructive here (they let it go on for years!!).    Some in government have gotten a clue by osmosis, such as    Senator Conrad Burns (R-Mont.), but the damage is already    done. My solution: Vote Libertarian!    Jim Ray    liberty at gate.net    [Right E-steamed Cypherpunk]

@_date: 1996-10-02 23:04:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on IBM GAK 
The New York Times, October 2, 1996, pp. D1, D8.    Compromise Is Offered on Computer Security Codes    By John Markoff    The Clinton Administration offered a compromise to the    computer industry yesterday by holding out the possibility    of removing all export restrictions on data-scrambling    technology for companies that accept a new approach to    allow law enforcement officials to unscramble coded    messages. The new system is being recommended by an    alliance led by I.B.M..    The approach is to be announced today and has passed muster    with the Central Intelligence Agency. It would enable law    enforcement officials to unscramble computer communications    -- provided they have a warrant -- without having to obtain    a mathematical key to the code.    Instead, the agents could use the warrant to obtain the    cooperation of outside parties to help unscramble portions    of code accompanying a message. This information would then    allow law enforcement officials to draw mathematical    inferences enabling them to decipher the scrambled    messages.    By making it at least a two-step process to decipher a    scrambled, or encrypted, message, and by requiring the    cooperation of at least two outside parties designated by    the code users themselves, the approach is supposed to    address the main criticisms against data-scrambling systems    previously endorsed by the Government.    But some industry executives and privacy-rights advocates    said yesterday that the new approach would not satisfy    their objections to a Government-backed eavesdropping    system. Critics contend that any such system could    compromise the privacy of United States citizens and hinder    the ability of American high-technology companies to sell    their most sophisticated data-security products overseas.    Executives of the International Business Machines    Corporation said late yesterday that they were still lining    up the final list of companies in the alliance. Those    involved will include Digital Equipment and smaller    data-security companies including RSA Data Security, Cylink    and Trusted Information Systems.    The computer industry and the Clinton Administration, as    well as factions within the Administration, have been at an    impasse for years over export policy for data-scrambling    technology. Intelligence and law enforcement agencies,    fearing that such technology can be used by terrorists and    criminals to conspire with impunity, have insisted on a    system for cracking the coded messages under certain    circumstances.    Seeking to end the deadlock, I.B.M. set in motion the new    compromise earlier this year when it demonstrated its    experimental approach to the C.I.A. Director, John Deutsch.    Mr. Deutsch then took an active role in the internal    Administration debate, in which Justice Department and    F.B.I. officials had previously taken a hard line against    loosening export controls, according to several people    familiar with the talks.    In a public statement issued yesterday Vice President Al    Gore said that if the I.B.M. data-deciphering technology    proved workable, there would no longer be export    restrictions on the strength of the data-scrambling    technology or on the type of software algorithms -- or    mathematical formulas -- employed.    The Administration is calling the I.B.M. approach a "key    recovery" system. The designation is meant to distinguish    it from previously proposed "key escrow" systems, like one    called Clipper that the Government put forth a few years    ago.    In an escrow system, one or more Government or    private-industry escrow agents would hold keys for    unlocking coded messages, which could be used by    law-enforcement agents with a warrant. The drawbacks,    according to I.B.M., are that the storage of the keys can    become a record-keeping nightmare and can also make the    system vulnerable to unauthorized use of the keys.    The I.B.M. approach is intended to eliminate this    vulnerability by giving no third party an actual key to the    code. Instead, at least two "trusted agents" would be    required to help unscramble encrypted information in the    header of each message. Only after this portion of the    message is deciphered, I.B.M. said, would law-enforcement    agents be able to unscramble the contents of the message    itself by recreating the original key to the code.    "Our theory is this should work the same way as your filing    cabinet," said Kathy Kincaid, an I.B.M. computer security    executive. "You wouldn't give law enforcement the keys to    your filing cabinet unless they had a search warrant."    And yet, even one of the companies that I.B.M. is counting    on as an alliance member said yesterday that new approach    did not go far enough beyond the old Clipper plan, in terms    of privacy protection.    "The Government announcement is disastrous," said Jim    Bidzos, chief executive of RSA Data Security, one of the    country's leading developers of data-scrambling software.    "We warned I.B.M. that the National Security Agency would    try to twist their technology."    The Clinton Administration also angered executives at the    software company Netscape Communications, who warned that    even the new Government plan would continue to hinder the    American industry's ability to compete internationally.    Peter Harter, Netscape's public-policy lawyer, contended    that the Administration was playing favorites among    computer companies, rewarding those willing to go along    with its approach by removing export restrictions that    might be retained for companies not willing to incorporate    the "key recovery" system in their products.    "This is tantamount to making public policy by extorting    high-tech companies," Mr. Harter said.    But some computer hardware makers were more conciliatory.    "From my perspective the process has been much better this    time," said Eric Schmitt, Sun Microsystem's chief    technology officer. "The question is still, 'How will    industry implement key recovery?' It's still too early to    say."    [End]

@_date: 1996-10-03 01:13:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: REM_ail 
10-8-96. VV:    "The Remailer Is Dead, Long Live the Remailer. Life After    Penet."  By Dave Mandl (Excellent, Dave, yes!)    By the strict standards of the cypherpunks, a loosely    knit affinity group of the Net's most radical and    technoliterate privacy advocates, Penet's security was    actually on the flimsy side. Its Achilles' heel was the    file --  just begging to be subpoenaed -- that linked    users' real names to their Penet pseudonyms.    Cypherpunk-run remailers, on the other hand, generally    leave no trace of the sender's true identity. In    addition, cypherpunk remailers can be "chained" --    messages can be routed through several far-flung    remailers before reaching their final destination, making    message tracing all but impossible, even for the remailer    operators.    -----        ftp://jya.com/pub/incoming/remail.txt    REM_ail

@_date: 1996-10-03 03:25:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SYN_not 
10-1-96:    "Check Point to Provide Safeguard Against TCP SYN    Flooding."       The new module, now available free of charge on Check       Point's Web site ( provides       protection against this denial of service attack, which       has crippled several ISPs in recent weeks.    "Certicom Introduces Elliptic Curve Cryptosystem    Instruction To Its Security Classroom."        It has launched new information about its Elliptic Curve       Cryptosystem on the Information Security Classroom       section of its web site (    "IBM to herd cave-in cats for rat encryption."       IBM will be joined by Digital, TIS but few others. An       executive at TIS declined to comment on whether it is       involved in the IBM cave-in. The company is in a       quiet period before making an IPO based on government       bribery.    "Battle brewing over gov.crypto bribery."       Last week, the DARPA announced it has awarded Trusted       Information Systems, Inc. a two-year, $1.5 million       contract to develop what it calls security wrappers for       a Java Prototype System as well as one for the Unix       operating system.    -----      (15 kb for 4)    ftp://jya.com/pub/incoming/synnot.txt    SYN_not

@_date: 1996-10-03 10:33:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GAK Rat Pack 
C|NET, October 2, 1996, 1:45 p.m. PT    Computer alliance supports encryption policy     By Alex Lash    An alliance of 11 software and hardware companies has    just announced its formation to develop key-recovery    solutions for electronic encryption, a crucial component    of the Clinton administration's latest plan to loosen the    export of encryption technology.    Announced yesterday, the administration's plan gives    exporters of encryption or encrypted software a two-year    window starting January 1, 1997, to build what the    administration calls "key recovery" into their products.    IBM, Apple Computer, Atalla, Digital Equipment, Groupe    Bull, Hewlett-Packard, NCR, RSA Data Security, Sun    Microsystems, Trusted Information Systems, and United    Parcel Service have banded together to develop systems    that will give the government what it wants, which is    access to suspicious encrypted messages, so that    compliant software companies will be able to get export    licenses for hard-to-crack encryption codes.     "Export controls are a fact of life," RSA President Jim    Bidzos said today. "In an imperfect world this technique    will at least allow you to take advantage of what    governments around the world will allow."     RSA's presence in the alliance is not only a coup for the    government but a big surprise, as Bidzos has been one of    the most vocal opponents of the Clinton administration's    key escrow efforts. He has even accused the government of    offering software companies special "sweetheart" deals to    gain support for its encryption regulation plans.    A key-recovery plan not only satisfies the government's    desire for court-ordered access to encrypted messages,    but also sets off alarm bells for privacy advocates and    civil libertarians. Some within the U.S. software    industry also claim they won't be able to sell encrypted    products overseas if customers know the U.S. government    has access to a skeleton key.     "While some companies might choose to cast their lot with    the government's key-escrow policy, the marketplace is    likely to reject the approved products," said David    Sobel, legal counsel for the Electronic Privacy    Information Center. "Users want strong security, not    guaranteed government access to their communications."    However, the concept of key recovery is not anathema to    companies that acknowledge that firms and folks using    encryption to secure electronic transactions and    communications will need backup copies of their keys,    just as homeowners keep an extra house key under a flower    pot.    Under the new government plan, a company that promises to    participate in key recovery will receive a six-month    license to export up to 56-bit DES encryption. When the    promise is fulfilled and the government can get access to    the decryption keys, the 56-bit limit is lifted. If by    the end of the two-year grace period the company has not    fulfilled its promise to implement a key-recovery scheme,    the 56-bit limit is dropped back down to the current    40-bit limit.    "The fact that 56-bit DES [a type of encryption] will be    available from significant sources is going to jump-start    electronic commerce," said Ken Kay, executive director of    the Computer Systems Policy Project, a public policy    group comprised of 12 computer industry CEOs.     Now that the details are out and endorsements are coming    in, executive action is expected in the next two to three    weeks, according to one senior administration official.    President Clinton will soon sign an executive order that    transfers jurisdiction over encryption export licenses    from the State Department to the Commerce Department, a    move that the computer industry has asked for in the past    because they see Commerce as a more sympathetic agency.    At the same time, Commerce will announce a new set of    streamlined rules to grant companies a "fast track" to an    export license if they comply with key recovery, the    official said.    Commerce plans to begin licensing on January 1.    But the new plan will also give the Justice Department a    voice in the licensing process, a detail that angers    privacy advocates and software companies alike.     "The transfer from State to Commerce has been called for    for a long time, but a small tweak is that the FBI now    has veto power," said Peter Harter, legal counsel to    Netscape Communications. "Domestic law enforcement    shouldn't have a seat at the table."     Harter acknowledged that Netscape has not ruled out key    recovery but said that the market must show demand for    it. The administration has said it hopes to introduce a    bill next spring that would encourage the build-up of key    recovery by establishing laws on the conduct of    third-party key holders. But it will not try to mandate    key recovery through legislation.     "I think we have a critical mass of companies willing to    work with us," said Heidi Kukis, spokesperson for the    Vice President's office. "That would make legislation to    mandate key recovery very unlikely."     Another fear is that the administration is using export    limits to control domestic use of encryption. While Gore    directly stated yesterday that domestic use of encryption    will remain unregulated, the double standard for domestic    and international products might discourage U.S.    companies from developing two different versions, leaving    U.S. and Canadian customers with the same products that    the federal government has deemed safe to ship overseas.     "We obtained and intend to hold the administration to its    assurances that export controls would not be used to    control domestic use," said Kay of the CSPP. "The CEOs    have told the administration that if they want to do    domestic controls, they should do it frontally through    the democratic process and introduce legislation."     [End]

@_date: 1996-10-04 03:49:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Flood Warning 
BSDI To Share "SYN-Flooding" Protection Software       This code is freely available via BSDI's Web and FTP        sites at  and ftp.bsdi.com.    TIS will license its encryption key recovery technology    to Atalla       The agreement comes on the heels of two other recent       developments: a new Administration policy regarding       export controls on strong encryption, and TIS and       Atalla's participation in a new computer industry       alliance to promote adoption of a worldwide standard       for encryption key recovery.       RecoverKey supports the Administration's new policy by       allowing emergency recovery of an encrypted message or       file. This technology, patented by TIS and first       approved by the U.S. government for export in January       1996, is fundamental to approaches now being       considered as the basis for a new global standard.       For more on RecoverKey, see:            High-Tech Leaders Join Forces to Enable International    Strong Encryption       See:     -----        ftp://jya.com/pub/incoming/floodd.txt

@_date: 1996-10-04 04:38:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FUCK!!!!!!;-) The Book 
A new book, "Digital Soldiers," by James F. Dunnigan,    emphasizes that information warfare -- deceiving the    enemy -- is as old as war, and that the PR-driven media    today work closely with the warfighting industry to    protect their mutually lucrative markets.    The latest GAK PR campaign fits this.    Dunnigan also makes hash of the recent opportunistic    "infowar" PR, along with adept grinding of the vast,    corrupt high-tech defense industry worldwide, led by the    US war-prognosticating PR-media-policy lizards. As he    says, bad news is always good news for the Hearsts and    Rasputins (Responsible Personages), for the liars of    brimstone religion, for all the terrifying doomsayers     peddling trust-my-god: me, now tithe or be taxed.    Dunnigan's sermon: stop the pork, then there will be     plenty of resources to deal with the rest of society's    ills. Otherwise, peace, real or vitural, is war,    sustained barbarity camouflaged by self-interested    civility -- the peacefighting, ticket-punching officer,     er, journalist, class.    Digital Soldiers    The Evolution of High-Tech Weaponry and Tomorrow's Brave    New Battlefield    James F. Dunnigan    St. Martin's Press, New York; $25.95    ISBN 0-312-14588-8

@_date: 1996-10-04 14:26:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Flood Warning 
----- Sorry. It seems that you need to go through IBM's home page at:  then follow the links to the full press release where the URL
above comes up. This is the release that most of the media parroted. It
does include hand-rubbing quotes by industry rats, er, finks. Anybody who can't get through and wants the PR-dirty, send me a blank
message with the subject:  RAT_ibm

@_date: 1996-10-05 01:40:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT Nix GAK 
The New York Times, October 4, 1996, p. A32.    A Flawed Encryption Policy [Editorial]    The new White House proposal to keep high-powered    encryption software out of the hands of foreign terrorists    and criminals is needlessly restrictive and probably    unworkable. Though the new plan is better than previous    Administration proposals, it risks doing more harm than    good.    The Administration is rightly worried that foreign    terrorists or criminals will get hold of encryption    software that will make it impossible for the Government to    eavesdrop on their telephone and computer messages. The    technology is legal in this country, but the Administration    wants to keep the powerful new software out of foreign    hands.    However, the Administration downplays the fact that    encryption is also a good way for honest citizens to    prevent crime. At a time when banks and other private    companies send vast amounts of confidential information    over the electronic highway, it would seem sensible to make    high-quality encryption widely available so that the    private sector can protect itself from criminal or    malicious eavesdropping. For that reason, the Government    ought to promote wide-scale dissemination of encryption,    both here and abroad.    Trying to block dissemination is probably useless and    almost certainly harmful to American exports. Powerful    encryption systems made by foreign companies are already    available in Europe and Asia, and American exporters will    need to sell state-of-the-art software to keep competitive.    The Clinton Administration previously proposed that the    computer industry adopt a single type of encryption, known    as key-escrow, which would scramble messages with    mathematical passwords. Under the plan, private companies    and individuals would turn over these passwords to the    Government, which, with court authorization, could use them    to unscramble the phone and computer traffic. The purpose    of key-escrow, then, would be to preserve the Government's    existing ability to tap phone calls.    But that Clinton plan was firmly rejected by industry and    privacy-rights advocates who feared that a government that    held passwords would abuse First Amendment prohibitions    against listening in on private communications. The latest    White House plan addresses many of these concerns. It would    impose restrictions only on the software that exporters    sell abroad. Privacy advocates have less to fear from the    latest plan because it would allow individuals to deposit    their passwords with private organizations, rather than the    Government.    Yet the Administration has not explained why foreigners    would buy American software that would allow the F.B.I. to    eavesdrop when they could buy equally powerful software    from non-American manufacturers that omits any such trap    door. Critics assume that foreign governments -- few of    which pay attention to American constitutional protections    against invasion of privacy -- would demand access to    passwords, making such software unattractive for anyone to    use.    There is room to improve the plan. A panel of the National    Research Council recently concluded that there is no good    reason to restrict exports of currently available    encryption because foreigners already have access to    equally powerful software. There is time to work out    restrictions, in cooperation with the industry and privacy    advocates, for the next generation of encryption software.    In the meantime the Administration might push forward on    the panel's other sensible recommendations -- such as    developing better encryption expertise within the F.B.I.    and helping the private sector develop the encryption    software it needs to stop illegal eavesdropping.    [End]    The National Research Council report is available at:

@_date: 1996-10-05 06:00:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TWP: Tighten ITAR 
The Washington Post, October 4, 1996, p. A22.    Crypto Politics [Editorial]    The Clinton administration once had a coherent, if    unpopular, position on encryption software, the stuff that    allows you to encode your email messages or other data so    that no one can read it en route without a key. Now, in the    wake of word that the president will sign an executive    order, the position is no longer coherent, nor discernibly    more popular with the high-tech audience it attempts to    mollify.    People and companies doing international financial business    are highly interested in this kind of software, the more    powerfully "uncrackable" the better. The U.S. software    industry thinks there's a lot of money in it, especially if    encryption becomes routine.    The administration position till recently was that, much as    U.S. software companies might profit from being able to    market "uncrackable" encryption software freely, national    security and law enforcement considerations dictated that    such exports be controlled by license. Powerful encryption,    like arms, could be dangerous in the hands of terrorists,    rogue governments or international criminals. The software    was classed as a munition; software above a certain    uncrackability level could not be exported unless law    enforcement authorities could get access somehow to the    "key" after obtaining the proper warrants.    Unbreakable codes on the loose strike us as a real danger,    a legitimate reason for tight export controls. But if the    administration really believes this, you'd think it would    stick with steps that can plausibly meet the goal of    control.    Instead, trying to please, it has been splitting and    splitting the difference between itself and the largely    unmoved industry, which argues that no one will buy an    encryption product that a government can decrypt at will.    As with arms sales, the companies also argue that if they    don't sell it, somebody else will, and that anyway it's far    too late to fence off rogues. The national security people    respond that there is still a "window," perhaps two years,    in which they can prevent, if not all leaks of unauthorized    crypto technology, at least its off-the-shelf use and wide    adoption as the international standard.    The administration initially proposed, then repeatedly    refined, the concept of key "escrow" -- depositing a copy    of the code with trusted third parties -- but never came up    with a version the industry would accept. It commissioned    a National Research Council report, which recommended a    significant easing of restrictions. Now the president    appears to have embraced a yet looser form of licensure    upon declaration by a company that it will develop a plan    within two years for key recovery. Also, the technology no    longer will be considered munitions.    What kind of plan? Nobody can quite say. What if the plans    aren't acceptable? Licensing will revert to the old rule in    two years. Will the security issue be moot by then?    Probably. Barring some burst of clarity, one is left    wondering whether the administration has compromised or    caved, and what it now believes about the dangers of    exporting uncrackable software.    [End]    Ditto, see the National Research Council report:

@_date: 1996-10-05 08:42:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: KRF_eat 
A roundup of press reports on GAK:    "IBM, other firms, in data encryption alliance"       The consortium was initiated by IBM. "Export controls       are a fact of life," said Jim Bidzos.    "U.S. To Loosen Computer Code Restrictions"       "It's wrongheaded, and it's going backward," Peter       Harter, at Netscape, said.    "U.S. Export of High-Tech Devices Planned"       CDT's Danny Weitzner said U.S. companies' and       citizens' encrypted communications sent over the       Internet could be vulnerable to "improper foreign       government access."       The administration doesn't want that to happen and is       working with major trading partners and other       countries to adopt plans that are consistent with the       U.S. plan and to expedite electronic key recovery by       law enforcement, the CIA's Deutch said.    "IT Execs, Lawmakers Reactions Mixed on Encryption Plan"       Rick Cardona, a security technology engineer at       security software maker TradeWave Corp., said the law       doesn't go far enough. "I think this is part of a       trend. It's only a matter of time before the       government will allow exports of 128-bit key       software."    "NCR Corp. Joins Alliance To Develop Exportable,    Worldwide Strong Encryption "       "We also look forward to the rapid movement of the       work of the alliance into an established standards-       based consortium body."    "TradeWave meets new government data encryption    requirements"       Although other Internet software security companies       have announced their intention to support this new       key-recovery requirement, no other Internet Web       security software company currently offers this       service to its customers besides TradeWave.       TradeWave's current customers, which include over 350       electric power companies representing over 70% of the       electric power industry, are using the TradeVPI       software and services which include this key recovery       feature.    -----      (22 kb for 6)    ftp://jya.com/pub/incoming/krfeat.txt    KRF_eat

@_date: 1996-10-05 09:53:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ABA Likes GAK 
10-03-96 at 19:09 EDT, American Banker    Banks Like Export Plan for High-Power Encryption     By Drew Clark    -----    "Banks have really taken a leadership role in the    responsible management of cryptography," said a senior    Clinton administration official who asked not to be    named. "Banks are already doing what we want other    organizations to do: safeguarding their keys and    providing them, when necessary, to law enforcement."    "Providing 56-bit encryption with key recovery doesn't    help us," said Netscape spokeswoman Chris Holton. "The    government is saying that you can export it but you have    to provide us with the keys. We feel that is extortion on    the part of the government."    "We are making the best of a bad situation," said Scott    Schnell, vice president of marketing for RSA Data    Security.    -----    Bank technology experts have reacted favorably to the    Clinton administration's proposal to liberalize the    development and sale of strong data security tools.    This week, the government said it would lift export    restrictions on certain kinds of cryptography, provided    U.S. companies agree to cooperate with a procedure that    would give law enforcement officials access to the "keys"    of such codes, upon presentation of a warrant.    Banks were heartened by the announcement because many    view the widely used Data Encryption Standard - a    low-level form of data scrambling - as inadequate    protection against the rising computer power of so-called    hackers.    Though banks can use a complex 56-bit data encryption key    for financial transactions, sensitive communications with    overseas branches are limited to a less powerful 40-bit    standard.    Banks hope that a loosening of restrictions in general    will benefit them, too.    "This policy announcement is better than anyone    expected," said Kawika M. Daguio, federal representative    at the American Bankers Association in Washington. "It is    gravy for us, but it's the meat and potatoes for the    hardware and software industries."    "Banks probably won't be adversely affected," said    Stewart A. Baker, a partner at Steptoe & Johnson, a    Washington law firm, "and they will be left pretty much    where they were before."    The announcement by Vice President Al Gore said that    controls over powerful encryption technology would be    lifted as the government and private sector develop a    "key recovery" system. (International Business Machines    Corp. already has stepped forward to head a consortium    dedicated to creating such a system.)    Current law forbids the export of computer hardware or    software that uses cryptographic codes with digital    "keys" - randomly generated combinations of 0's and 1's -    longer than 40 bits. The longer the key length, the more    impenetrable the code.    For three years, the government has said it would permit    the general use of more complex cryptography only if the    companies using it placed their keys in the hands of the    government or a third party.    "Key escrow," as it is known in the technical community,    is needed in order to prosecute people who have stored    evidence of illegal activity on the hard drive of a    computer, officials argued.    But the private sector - banks included - have balked at    handing over such access to any third party.    The disagreement gave rise to a compromise system known    as "key recovery" in which companies would hold their own    keys but could be required to divulge certain information    about specific transactions when presented with a court    order or warrant.    "What is novel is that it doesn't escrow any keys," said    Homayoon Tajalli, executive vice president of Trusted    Information Systems, Glenwood, Md., one of IBM's    consortium partners.    "If the government comes and gets this data with a court    order," explained Mr. Tajalli, "then they take a digital    lockbox from the third party or parties that hold it, and    they read the message."    Kathy Kincaid, director of information technology for    IBM, said the difference between key escrow and key    recovery is analogous to the following approach to    securing a house when its owner goes on vacation: Instead    of giving a key to two neighbors, the owner gives each    neighbor half the combination to a lockbox that holds the    key.    "You must have both halves and put them together in    exactly the right sequence," said Ms. Kincaid. "This    provides protection against a single point of attack."    Companies participating in development of key recovery    systems include: Apple Computer Inc., Digital Equipment    Corp., Groupe Bull, Hewlett-Packard Co., NCR Corp., RSA    Data Security, Sun Microsystems Inc., Trusted Information    Systems, and United Parcel Service.    And a government official said banks may even play a    role.    "Banks have really taken a leadership role in the    responsible management of cryptography," said a senior    Clinton administration official who asked not to be    named. "Banks are already doing what we want other    organizations to do: safeguarding their keys and    providing them, when necessary, to law enforcement."    Heidi Kukis, a spokeswoman for Vice President Gore, said:    "This key recovery system is the proper balance between    commercial interests and national security."    But not all agree. Some argue that the key recovery    system still gives the government too much control over    information flow.    "Providing 56-bit encryption with key recovery doesn't    help us," said Netscape spokeswoman Chris Holton. "The    government is saying that you can export it but you have    to provide us with the keys. We feel that is extortion on    the part of the government."    "We are making the best of a bad situation," said Scott    Schnell, vice president of marketing for RSA Data    Security.    "The bottom line is that the standard proposed by the    government is an insubstantial step in the right    direction," he said. "We want to make sure it is usable    and prepare for the day that products will be available    that do not have this key recovery situation."    The government's announcement came three months after a    National Research Council report on the role of    cryptography in an information-oriented society.    The report encouraged liberalization of government    standards and questioned the feasibility of the key    escrow system then favored by government.    "We raised the issue about the security of key escrow    systems," said law professor Kenneth W. Dam, chairman of    the body that prepared the report, "and we said the    government should work on it."    "I take it this is an attempt to move in the way of key    escrow, with the help of industry," said Mr. Dam.    [End]

@_date: 1996-10-06 07:05:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Defusing Threats of Violence [AP?] 
URL in The Economist, October 5, 1996, p. 46.
Defusing Threats of Violence
         Crisis Management International, Inc.
CMI provides crisis management services relating to "hot"
threats of violence, workplace violence prevention, and
post-incident crisis intervention. In addition, CMI provides
threat of violence and crisis response training,
psych-claims management assistance, and SCAN analysis, which
is a deception detection technique.
CMI has handled such crises as the World Trade Center and
Oklahoma City bombings, Hurricane Andrew, L.A. and San
Francisco earthquakes, as well as multitudes of air
disasters, workplace murders, and industrial accidents,
among others.
The president of CMI, Bruce Blythe, has appeared on ABC's
20/20, CNN's Headline News and MoneyLine, America's Most
Wanted, The Discovery Channel, and the television special 48
Hours: Violence in the Workplace. Mr. Blythe has also been a
forum guest on The Microsoft Network.                Summary of Services
          "Hot" Threats of Violence: CMI assists companies
in assessing and handling potentially dangerous people.
On-site and telephone consultations with management and
other appropriate individuals are provided by licensed
Mental Health professionals and former FBI agents to
defuse threats and stabilize potentially violent situations.
          Design Team Process for Comprehensive Workplace
Violence Prevention: Utilizing our experience in helping
hundreds of companies with workplace violence, CMI will
consult with your internal, multi-disciplinary team to
develop a comprehensive approach for preventing and
managing workplace violence. This Design Team Process will
identify foreseeable risks, enhance existing controls,
introduce new controls, develop policies and procedures
specific to the company's identified risks, and plan an
implementation schedule. The end result is a prevention
system, protected under attorney/client privilege, that
meets or exceeds OSHA and legal standards and provides a
structured management response to threats or acts of
violence that is both psychologically and legally sound.
          Threats of Violence/Crisis Response Training:
Hands-on facilitation prepares management, TOV teams, and
selected employees for potentially violent situations. The
program covers prediction, prevention, and defusing hot
threats of violence as well as aggression management and
post-crisis response. Practical case studies based on actual
experience are included.
          Post-incident Crisis Intervention: Available 24
hours a day, CMI has the worlds largest network of crisis
psychologists who are trained and experienced in corporate
crisis and disaster intervention. We provide reliable and
effective services to deal with any level of traumatic
incident. Crisis Management International has handled
hundreds of corporate crises from small to large, including
the World Trade Center bombing, Oklahoma City Federal
Building bombing, Hurricane Andrew, Los Angeles and San
Francisco earthquakes, commercial and corporate airplane
crashes, workplace murders and assaults, explosions and
other industrial accidents.
          Psych-Claims Management: CMI offers analysis and
strategy for all psychological injury litigation and
workers' comp claims. CMI's affiliate company, Claims
Management International, provides support services for the
defense in disputing claims, including Post-Traumatic Stress
Disorder (PTSD) and closed-head injuries.
          SCAN: CMI offers a proven method of detection
deception without the restrictions associated with the
employee polygraph. SCAN is an extensive analysis of a
person's spoken or written words. This methodology can be
applied to sexual harassment cases, hot threats of violence,
sabotage, shrinkage, or any situation in which deception is
suspected and your company needs to know the truth.
          SCAN: Scientific Content Analysis
How SCAN Works
SCAN is an established and reliable method for obtaining
information and detecting deception from written or spoken
statements. What distinguishes SCAN from other interrogative
processes is that it first seeks to clear subjects who are
exhibiting truthful linguistic behavior. Other processes
usually operate on the assumption that all subjects have
something to hide. In SCAN, only those subjects who exhibit
inconsistencies within sentence structure, ..., and
sequences of events are labeled as problematic by the
analyst. When there ... a few of these inconsistencies, the
analyst tallies the evidence that shows the subject ...
being deceptive, or that he or she is showing sensitivity
about a certain topic. This sensitivity is a sign that the
subject is not giving the full story.
Who uses SCAN?
This methodology is employed by intelligence, investigative,
and law enforcement agencies around the world. But it is
also very useful in most areas of business and law. SCAN can
help you any time your company needs to know the truth. SCAN
is not like most interrogation techniques which are usually
invasive and confrontational. This would not be suitable for
a business setting. Whereas traditional techniques require
that an interviewer ask questions while the subject gives
short, rather uninformative answers, the collections of
material for SCAN linguistic analysis requires that the
subject talk or write at some length to give their side of
the story. This non-threatening manner of obtaining a pure
version of the subject's account yields much more material
to analyze and a greater likelihood of finding any
linguistic cues that indicate deception.
Businesses of all kinds may find themselves experiencing
threats of violence, sexual harassment cases, sabotage,
internal and external theft (shrinkage), conspiracy, and
white-collar crime. SCAN analysis helps to determine if a
seemingly threatening individual really means what they are
saying. It also helps to decide whether to believe someone
when they say they had "nothing to do with it."
Insurance companies process millions of fraudulent claims
each year, which are often settled even though the claims
adjusters have reasonable suspicions that the claims are not
legitimate. While it is impossible to catch every instance
of fraud, it is possible - and worthwhile - to have the
largest claims examined. CMI is experienced in managing
claims of all sizes and offers SCAN analysis as an adjunct
service to help obtain the whole story behind the claim.
Attorneys are naturally good at digging for information -
but it is sometimes difficult to know exactly where to dig.
A CMI analyst, present at a deposition, can discreetly
indicate to counsel where a witness may be leaving out
potentially important information. If a completed deposition
is already on file, an analyst can check witness' statements
for consistency and truthfulness, which allows for better
preparation for court or for an easy settlement. For times
when an insurance or claim comes to suit, SCAN can determine
if CMI's Claims Management Services may benefit the case.
CMI's SCAN Technology:
     is a comprehensive structuring of several techniques
and methodologies. As utilized by CMI, SCAN serves as the
foundation on which linguistic analysis can be built,
supplemented by CMI-developed technologies that include
linguistic "credibility" analysis, principles of logic,
tenets of Neuro-linguistic Programming (NLP), and
interviewing/interrogation techniques.
     is used in behalf of its client companies to:
     a. Detect deception      b. Assist in dangerousness assessments      c. Clear the innocent in situations where there are             numerous persons who had both access and         opportunity (such as sabotage, shrinkage, etc.).
     d. Provide a sufficient basis of "reasonable         suspicion" as required for polygraph.
     offers benefits/advantages of SCAN over other methods;
interpreting physical indicators of deception is subjective,
at best. Further, body and eye movements (and most global
indicators) vary among cultures, making accurate
interpretation even more inexact. SCAN analyzes only     the subject's words, making it completely unobtrusive and
much more objective. SCAN can be conducted even more
effectively through a questionnaire approach.
SCAN vs. Polygraph:
The use of lie detector apparatus (polygraph) on employees
is controlled by the Employee Polygraph Protection Act of
1988 (EPPA), Public Law 100-347. EPPA restrictions include
prohibitions on polygraph use, and specific notification
requirements. The EPPA does not prohibit or restrict
written "pen and paper" tests or screening. Therefore, SCAN
can be used as both a precursor to Polygraph or as a
replacement. Further, SCAN and SCAN questionnaires can
produce results comparable to (and in some instances better
than) polygraph. SCAN may produce the desired results
and completely replace the need for polygraph, and do so in
a much less accusatory environment.
More detail at links to each of CMI services.

@_date: 1996-10-06 21:57:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SRC_rip 
10-7-96. NYP:
     "Seymour Cray, Computer Industry Pioneer and Father of the
     Supercomputer, Dies at 71." Markoff
          "I was fortunate in having an instructor at the
          University of Minnesota who was looking after me in the
          sense that when I said, 'What's next?' he said, 'If I
          were you, I'd just go down the street here to
          Engineering Research Associates, and I'd think you'd
          like what they're doing there." The company was doing
          contract work for the Navy in cryptography. Mr. Cray's
          first supercomputers permitted researchers to crack
          enemy codes.
     -----
       (13 kb)
     ftp://jya.com/pub/incoming/srcrip.txt
     SRC_rip

@_date: 1996-10-08 02:58:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EUB_low 
10-7-96. WaPo:
   "Russian Crime Finds Havens In Caribbean"
      Russian organized crime groups are using unregulated and
      secretive Caribbean banks to launder their illicit
      gains, according to U.S. and Caribbean law enforcement
      officials. One bank that has drawn the scrutiny of U.S.
      authorities is European Union Bank in Antigua. EUB
      describes itself as the first bank on the Internet,
      offering the chance to open accounts, wire money, order
      credit cards or write checks by computer from anywhere
      in the world, 24 hours a day. A U.S. official said, "The
      bank is being investigated for violating U.S. laws with
      open solicitations on the Net, which is at best for tax
      evasion and at worst for money laundering."
   -----
     (10 kb)
   ftp://jya.com/pub/incoming/eublow.txt
   EUB_low

@_date: 1996-10-08 05:50:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bellcore Smart Card Hack 
There is more info on Bellcore's research on flawed smart cards at:
     with links to facts of the crypto hack.
Thanks to Mr. Ken Bransom at Bellcore.

@_date: 1996-10-08 13:38:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Big Brother vs. Cypherpunks 
Time, October 14, 1996, p. 78.
   The Netly News
   Joshua Quittner
   Big Brother vs. Cypherpunks
   For more than three years, the White House and the U.S.
   computer industry have sat locked, eyeball to eyeball, in
   a seemingly intractable face-off over who will control
   the secret codes that protect our most sensitive
   communications. The government claimed to be working to
   protect us from nuke-carrying terrorists; the computer
   industry said it was championing the individual's right
   to privacy. Neither was telling the whole truth.
   Last week, in a concession to Silicon Valley, the
   Administration blinked -- or perhaps it merely winked.
   Fittingly, in the arcane world of code making and
   breaking, it's difficult to ferret out who's doing what
   to whom. And why.
   A few things are incontrovertible. Vice President Al Gore
   announced the new encryption initiative at midweek, timed
   to coincide with support from an alliance of high-tech
   businesses that included such hardware heavyweights as
   IBM, Sun Microsystems and Hewlett-Packard. However, most
   of the big software makers --  and every civil liberties
   group -- still opposed it.
   At the core of the initiative is a new code-making scheme
   known as "key recovery." Here at last, the government and
   its supporters claimed, was a way to get around the more
   noxious aspects of the reviled Clipper chip, the
   Administration's first doomed attempt to balance the
   industry's call for stronger encryption with law
   enforcement's need to surveil our shadier citizens.
   Clipper, as proposed, would use a powerful encryption
   formula to encode communications sent over telephones and
   computer networks but would require that a "back door"
   key be built into each chip that would give police --
   where warranted, of course -- a means to eavesdrop.
   Nobody -- especially foreign companies -- liked the idea
   of the U.S. and its agents holding those keys. The new
   key-recovery proposal tries to get around that objection
   by chopping the keys into several pieces and storing them
   with "trusted agents" of the user's choosing. Some nice
   Swiss banks, perhaps.
   But the Administration's plan still falls short of what
   civil libertarians, and especially a vocal group of
   cryptoextremists who call themselves cypherpunks, say
   they need: encryption powerful enough to give back to the
   citizenry the right to absolute privacy, which we have
   lost in the information age. According to the
   cypherpunks, the so-called 56-bit code the Administration
   has okayed for export can be cracked by the National
   Security Agency's supercomputers in a matter of hours.
   Are they right? It's hard to know whom to believe in this
   cloak-and-dagger debate. Civil libertarians tend to gloss
   over the fact that the world is full of bad people with
   crimes to hide. The software industry -- which makes 48%
   of its profit overseas -- is clearly less concerned with
   privacy than with losing foreign sales. And it may be no
   accident that the Administration chose to start making
   concessions the same week an influential software CEO --
   Netscape's Jim Barksdale -- excoriated Clinton's
   cryptopolicy and endorsed Bob Dole.
   The issue is too complex -- and too important -- for
   political gamesmanship. It will never get sorted out
   until somebody starts playing it straight.
   -----
   Read the Netly News daily at netlynews.com on the World
   Wide Web
   [End]
   Thanks to JQ.

@_date: 1996-10-08 13:49:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BEL_cor 
We've grabbed the Bellcore reports on EZ-tamper smart card crypto for those
who want to try it:
       (17 kb for 3)
     ftp://jya.com/pub/incoming/belcor.txt
     BEL_cor
Bellcore's Ken Branson says that the researchers are due to publish the work
in more detail in a distinguished journal -- for mucho Erdos numeros and The
Wild Bunch infosec cultists.
Why, Ken prys and spies, are los architectoes del jya.commie, curious about
such esoterica topicana? It's obvious, jyawns, guzzling tequila sombreroly,
the sweaty-palm topic's matt-blazing hot, like the Bellcore rocket miraging
del web page.
RH, eatcher heart out. TM, oh my, herding cats.

@_date: 1996-10-09 06:25:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: OUR_say 
10-8-96. BuWi:
   "OURS releases Internet security white paper"
      The new white paper, titled "Recommendations for
      Providing Secure Business Services over External
      Networks," is the industry's first objective,
      comprehensive tool for businesses evaluating security
      options for conducting business -- including
      advertising, sensitive information services and
      electronic commerce -- on unsecured networks, such as
      the Internet.
      It represents the experience and foresight of over 25 of
      the industry's leading information technology users and
      vendors, including: American Express, Chase Manhattan
      Bank, Bellcore, Digital Equipment Corp., Levi Strauss,
      Motorola, Novell, Pacific Gas & Electric, Phillips
      Petroleum, SunTrust Banks and Union Camp as well as
      experts within the industry at large.
      The paper is priced at $49.95 and is available
      immediately by calling the OURS headquarters at
      312/527-6782. The executive summaries of this new white
      paper, and 11 others from OURS, are available for free
      by going to the OURS Web page at http:\\
   -----
     (7 kb)
   ftp://jya.com/pub/incoming/oursay.txt
   OUR_say
We'll get the paper, and if it's worthy, put it on the Web, dirt cheap.

@_date: 1996-10-09 07:09:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NOC_ase 
10-8-96. FiTi:
   "Offshore financial centres agree to greater scrutiny."
      The Offshore Group comprises most of the biggest
      offshore financial centres including the Bahamas,
      Bermuda, the Caymans, Gibraltar, the Channel Islands,
      Hong Kong, Lebanon, Panama and Singapore. The agreement
      says home supervisors should be able to inspect the
      books of shell branches wherever they are kept. "In no
      case should access to these books be protected by
      secrecy requirements in the country that licenses the
      shell branch," it says.
   WaJo: "Cold War Spying: Mystery Gives Way to History."
      The release of the Venona documents tells us more about
      the state of intelligence agencies today in both Russia
      and the U.S. than it does about Stalin's spy rings.
      These and counterpart activities in Moscow dramatize the
      ongoing campaign American and Russian intelligence
      agencies are waging in the 1990s -- not against each
      other but at home, to preserve their budgets and public
      respect. And with "Venona: The Book" launched at last
      week's conference, can a CIA/NSA CDROM be far behind?
   -----
     (10 kb for 2)
   ftp://jya.com/pub/incoming/nocase.txt
   NOC_ase
Anybody got a copy of the Offshore Group's agreement? Whither EUB?
Or seen "Venona: The Book"? If so, does David Kahn have a part?

@_date: 1996-10-10 06:14:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MISTY Algorithm 
Nikkei Industrial Daily, October 08, 1996
Mitsubishi publicizes MISTY encryption algorithm Mitsubishi Electric Corp. said it has released the design principles for its data encryption algorithm MISTY. In doing so, the company can enlist third-party users to evaluate the integrity and power of its encryption algorithm and gain wider name recognition for MISTY.
To make evaluations easier, the company is also providing a sample program.
The existing de-facto world standard encryption algorithms DES and RSA were both developed in the U.S. But MISTY has advantages of its
own and Mitsubishi would like encryption experts around the world evaluate the program.
No information given on the source for the algorithm
or sample program. Anyone with the info care to share?

@_date: 1996-10-10 15:34:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MISTY Algorithm 
That is surely accurate: a c'punk linked Matsui to MYSTY a    while back.
   Below is a year-old announcement on Mitsubishi's MISTY
   encryption algorithm.
   We have requested information on the October 8
   announcement that the algorithm is to be released for
   third-party evaluation along with a sample program for
   doing so (see E-mail address below for inquiries).
   -----
      Mitsubishi Electric Develops New Encryption System
   "MISTY", More Powerful Than DES (Data Encryption
   Standard) for Communication Networks
   -- Security Strictly Evaluated in World's First Practical
   Block Ciphers --
   Tokyo, October 27, 1995 -- Mitsubishi Electric has
   developed a new block cipher algorithm for an encryption
   system, which is essential technology for protecting the
   privacy of individuals and confidential information in
   communication networks, that makes both strength and
   speed compatible.
   The encryption algorithm is based on a cipher strength
   evaluation index, which applies the "linear
   cryptanalysis", a powerful decoding method unique to
   Mitsubishi Electric, and the "differential
   cryptanalysis", considered to be an effective decoding
   method next to the linear cryptanalysis. Mitsubishi
   Electric has succeeded in strictly evaluating the
   security of this encryption algorithm against these
   decoding methods.
   Background:    Using ciphers on wide-area networks requires a method to
   maintain security as long as its encryption key (password
   commonly shared by a sender and a receiver) is kept
   secret, even if the mechanism of the encryption is made
   public.
   However, possibilities of unauthorized access will
   increase when the encryption mechanism is made public. In
   fact, several encryption algorithms, whose specifications
   were made public, have been compelled to make
   specification changes, and to sacrifice their encryption
   speed in return for an increased cipher strength to
   protect against recent decoding methods. This is why an
   encryption system whose security against these decoding
   methods is strictly evaluated at the design stage has
   been required.
   Security of encryption is formulated as the lower limit
   of the number of calculations needed for decoding. A
   powerful decoding method leads to a stricter safety index
   in that it reduces the number of calculations needed for
   decoding.
   At present, the "linear cryptanalysis" is considered to
   be the most effective general-purpose decoding method. A
   decoding method called the "differential cryptanalysis"
   is another widely known decoding method next to the
   "linear cryptanalysis". A evaluation based on the linear
   and differential cryptanalysis is therefore considered to
   be the most reliable among strength indexes of block
   ciphers.*1
   *1 Block ciphers : Plain texts and cipher texts that are
   processed by being grouped into units called blocks; most
   widely used at present.
   Outline of Development:
   Since announcing the linear cryptanalysis, Mitsubishi
   Electric has been making efforts to develop encryption
   technology backed by adequate security. In January 1994,
   Mitsubishi Electric performed the first successful
   experiment to decode the Data Encryption Standard (DES),
   an American standard commercial encryption system, to
   quantitavely evaluate its strength using this linear
   cryptanalysis.
   Using this evaluation technology, Mitsubishi Electric has
   developed an encryption algorithm that quantitavely
   provides sufficient security to linear and differential
   cryptanalysis and achieves a practical encryption speed.
   The encryption algorithm can clarify the relationships
   between encryption speed and strength and allow users to
   use an encryption that meets their security needs.
   Mitsubishi Electric plans to develop software tool
   products and hardware products (LSIs) using this
   encryption algorithm. Mitsubishi Electric will make the
   specification of this encryption algorithm public and
   will also promote its use.
   Address questions or comments to:
   www-rd at hat.hon.melco.co.jp    [End of announcement]
   Note: Mistubishi is developing LSI chips at two specialty
   laboratories at Itami. Sparse information is available by
   links from Mitsubishi's home page at:
      An inscrutable (^^) image of an LSI encryption chip is at:

@_date: 1996-10-11 05:30:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Kantor on GAK 
The New York Times, October 11, 1996, p. A38.
   Clinton's Encryption Plan Fits Law and Market
   To the Editor:
   "A Flawed Encryption Policy" (editorial, Oct. 4)
   mischaracterizes the Clinton Administration's recent
   proposal on data-scrambling software, the proposal's impact
   and the results of a study by the National Research
   Council.
   This Administration has never proposed that United States
   citizens be limited in the type of encryption products they
   choose to use domestically. The current plan relates only
   to exports of encryption products that are, for all
   practical purposes, unbreakable in the commercial
   environment.
   Unbreakable encryption generates the need for "key"
   management among personal and business users of encryption
   products. Users may need a "spare key" to recover
   information that is lost or otherwise inaccessible, in much
   the same way that we give a trusted neighbor a spare key to
   our house. President Clinton's plan insures that the United
   States -- and not other countries -- will develop such a
   system, which both protects and is based on the rule of
   law, not the whim of governments or trade barriers
   masquerading as import restrictions.
   You assume that foreign buyers would not buy key-recovery
   products, but you ignore the trend -- especially in Europe
   -- to require use of key-recovery products and bar the
   import of stronger and stronger encryption products that do
   not take law enforcement into account.
   The number of companies that have expressed a willingness
   to work with the Administration to balance commercial and
   law enforcement issues belies your pronouncement that our
   proposal is unworkable. In fact, the number of companies
   that stand ready now to market such products will soon
   prove that there Is a market for encryption products that
   provide safeguards for both the owner and for society.
   The National Research Council did not say that we should
   allow the export of all encryption. It supported some
   export controls, while allowing the export of encryption up
   to the strength of 56 bits. Our plan allows the export of
   encryption up to 56 bits, but does so in a way that will
   encourage the production and marketing of products that
   both protect privacy and prevent crime.
   The United States is the world leader in information
   technology. Under the Administration's plan, we will remain
   so through a market-driven key-recovery system that both
   promotes the export of encryption products and protects our
   national security and the public safety.
   Mickey Kantor
   U.S. Secretary of Commerce
   Washington, Oct., 9, 1996

@_date: 1996-10-11 08:59:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EUB Caution 
The Times [Of London] October 11, 1996
Investors cautioned over bank on Internet By Robert Miller The Bank of England has issued a blunt warning to UK investors to "think carefully" before handing over their money to an offshore bank that is advertising for depositors on the Internet. European Union Bank (EUB) is a tiny institution backed by American investors and based in Antigua. Until last month it was chaired by Lord Mancroft, 39, an Old Etonian. Lord Mancroft, who confirmed that he had met Michael Foot, the Bank's director of supervision, yesterday about EUB, said: "I understand their concerns." He added that his contract as chairman of EUB had expired last month. The sharp warning to UK investors from one of the Bank's most senior directors reflects the concerns of City watchdogs about the possible proliferation of financial services being offered on the Internet and which fall outside their regulatory scope. If any such firm failed investors would not be covered by the UK compensation schemes. The Bank said of EUB: "This bank is not authorised in the UK and has not sought authorisation. As with other offshore deposits we would advise intending depositors to carry out appropriate due diligence."

@_date: 1996-10-11 10:18:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: JoC Nox GAK 
The Journal of Commerce, October 10, 1996.
Editorial/ Encryption Technology Policy Oct. 10 -- SECRET CODES: Let's say you're selling your house and, after months of searching, you've found a potential buyer. But there's a problem: The local sheriff wants a spare set of keys in
case the house is used for unlawful purposes. Your buyer, a solid
citizen, doesn't want his privacy invaded. He decides to look in another neighborhood, with a less intrusive sheriff.
This improbable scenario describes, more or less, Washington's policy toward U.S. exports of encryption technology -- devices that scramble computerized data. Under a revised policy, the Clinton administration says that, following a partial two-year grace period, it will require exporters of sophisticated encryption devices to keep a spare set of "keys" -- the formulas that turn encrypted data back into plain text -- in a place accessible to the government. That may seem like a sensible
precaution, but it is likely to hurt exporters while doing little for law enforcement. The government's effort to control encryption goes to the heart of the information networks that are becoming a bigger part of people's lives almost by the day. Individuals and companies leave behind them an ever-broadening wake of electronic records -- on everything from video rentals and catalog sales to
car registrations and health records. As hackers get better at breaking into these files, it becomes more urgent to use encryption to protect them.
The government, however, has other ideas. It says encryption sold overseas poses a threat because law enforcement officials may not be able to decode the secret communications of terrorists and
drug dealers. To ease its access to such files, the government essentially is building a trap door into billions of records stored in computers overseas.
Of course, there are caveats and loopholes. The policy applies only to foreign sales; U.S. law forbids government prying into domestic computer files. Also, the policy grants exporters a two-year period in which they can sell encryption up to a moderate level of sophistication -- 56 bits in key length --
without restriction. After that, a key-access requirement would take effect.
The government-access rule will force U.S. exporters to do some fancy sales footwork. Foreign buyers, after all, may not be thrilled to know Uncle Sam can gain access to their private files. They may worry that if Washington has keys, their own governments may demand the same, and that the strangers holding the keys may not guard them carefully, no matter what the rules Terrorists, meanwhile, will have plenty of ways to circumvent the U.S. rules. They have a choice of 179 foreign-made encryption devices of at least 56-bit strength that are not burdened by key-access requirements. Terrorists also could make their own scrambling devices -- there are books available on how to write encryption codes -- or buy them in the United States, which has no domestic sales restrictions, and carry them out of the country. Why, then, is Washington bothering with export controls? In part, it's an attempt at back-door control of the domestic market. If companies are forced to limit the sophistication of encryption destined for export markets they may do the same for domestic products, to cut production costs. That would make life easier for law enforcement officials, who worry increasingly about impenetrable barriers to suspected criminals' computerized information.Those agencies indeed have a problem. Technology has given the world's bad actors a better cover of secrecy than ever before. But trying to control exports and limit domestic technology is not the solution. As a practical matter, the encryption horse has long since departed the law enforcement barn.
Absent an agreement among all nations on a key access system -- an impossible goal and not a very desirable one, given different countries' views on protecting privacy -- unilateral restrictions will be futile. They will serve mainly to scare customers away from U.S. manufacturers. Rather than try to restrict the encryption industry, the administration should promote it, and find other ways to improve criminal surveillance.
On the Internet:
Visit The Journal of Commerce on the World Wide Web. Point your browser to:

@_date: 1996-10-12 08:42:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Intel RICO Billed 
The Washington Post, October 12, 1996, p. A6.
   Clinton Approves Intelligence Spending Rise
      Bill Is Also Signed to Make Theft of Trade Secrets a
      Federal Crime
   President Clinton signed a bill yesterday that boosts
   intelligence agency spending and another that makes theft
   of trade secrets a federal crime.
   Clinton said he signed the 1997 Intelligence Authorization
   Act despite objections to three provisions, including one
   that establishes three new assistant directors of central
   intelligence under CIA Director John M. Deutch.
   Although the nation's intelligence budget is an official
   secret, it is reported to total about $30 billion for the
   1997 fiscal year, up 4.9 percent from 1996.
   In a statement, Clinton said he would support Deutch in
   asking the next Congress to repeal the provision that
   created assistant directors for intelligence collection,
   analysis and administration. "I share his concern that
   these provisions will add another layer of positions
   requiring Senate confirmation" without a corresponding
   increase in the CIA director's authority to manage the
   intelligence agencies, Clinton said.
   The bill:    + Gives the FBI power to subpoena local telephone records.
   + Authorizes the CIA and the National Security Agency to
   collect data on foreign citizens abroad for U.S.
   investigations.
   + Requires Senate confirmation of the CIA's general
   counsel. That is meant to prevent political influence over
   a position designed to block illegal covert operations.
   + Prohibits federal employment of senior intelligence
   officials for three years after their departure from
   government.
   It also prohibits the CIA from using American journalists
   as spies. But the restriction could be waived in
   extraordinary circumstances and the CIA still could have
   its agents pose as journalists. The bill would not prohibit
   journalists who choose to provide information from doing
   so.
   Clinton also signed into law the Economic Espionage Act of
   1996, saying it strengthens protections against theft or
   misuse of proprietary business information. "It will help
   us crack down on acts like software piracy and copyright
   infringement that cost American businesses billions of
   dollars in lost revenues," he said. The law makes the theft
   of trade secrets a federal crime and provides financial
   penalties and prison sentences for specific acts of
   economic espionage. It also preserves the confidentiality
   of trade secrets in court proceedings.
   Clinton said the measure also eliminates gaps in the
   criminal laws that cover attacks against computers and the
   information they contain.
   [End]

@_date: 1996-10-12 09:53:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto AG - Secret GAK Partner ? 
We have put the Spiegel German text at:
     Our German-to-English translation program choked on the crypto-lingo arcana. C'punk German linguists could surely translate "Crypto-Geschaftsfuhrer."
Maybe Bob Newman with Motorola can at least verify his quotes.

@_date: 1996-10-12 10:25:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WW II Crypto. History 
Richard's excellent work might be kaliedoscoped with a view of the
Index of 5,000 crypto-related "high-interest" files declassified by NSA under the OPENDOOR program. See NSA's home page for a link to the awesome list of devices, codes, messages, betrayals, tricks, lies and unsung wizards from 1916 through 1945. Just a tiny preview of
what yet squats locked in the crypto-crypt of NSAK-America.
We've put the Index at:

@_date: 1996-10-12 17:33:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Not That Smart Cards 
New Scientist, 12 October 1996, p. 21.
   Smart, but not that smart
   By Mark Ward
   Credit card companies are turning to smartcards to help
   them fight fraud. But manufacturing problems may mean
   that they are no more secure than existing cards.
   Conventional credit cards hold information in a magnetic
   strip that typically holds about 200 bytes of information
   -- enough for the card and version number, expiry date
   and owner's name. Smartcards have a built-in
   microprocessor that can handle several kilobytes of data,
   equivalent to pages of information.
   Having the tiny computer on board means that each card
   can have a unique identity, and this ought to help to
   protect the information held on it. But to give a card an
   individual electronic signature, its built-in processor
   has to do a long calculation. This is a time-consuming
   process, so some card manufacturers intend to issue cards
   with one of several thousand preprogrammed identities.
   Each card will therefore have thousands of duplicates,
   all of which will be vulnerable if a criminal cracks the
   code for any one of them.
   In 1994 the credit card companies Europay, Mastercard and
   Visa got together to draw up a common specification for
   smartcards, known as EMV The cards will rely for security
   on the RSA encryption algorithm. This uses two very large
   numbers, called keys. One is passed around in public and
   the other remains hidden in the card's memory. The keys
   are 155-digit prime numbers which are multiplied together
   to make an even larger number which is then used to code
   and decode the data on the card.
   The problem for card manufacturers is working out the
   large prime numbers in the first place. "Companies making
   smartcards turn one out every 15 seconds," says Dmitri
   Markikis, a security analyst at Mondex, a London-based
   company that is experimenting with smartcards as
   electronic purses. "But it takes longer -- estimates
   range from 6 to 30 seconds -- for the card to generate
   its RSA keys." To speed things up some manufacturers are
   considering generating 10,000 preset keys and inserting
   one as each card is made.
   Louis Guillou, a researcher at France Telecom's
   Commercial Centre for the Study of Television and
   Telecommunications highlighted the problem this summer at
   the Crypto 96 conference in California. The three EMV
   partners circulate over 800 million credit cards between
   them, yet are likely to use a limited population of keys.
   "Trying to reuse the keys several times is very
   dangerous," says Guillou.
   Card manufacturers say the problem will be solved as
   smartcards become more powerful. "Soon the processing
   power of a smartcard will be such that it will be able to
   overcome that kind of issue," says Cyril Annarella, a
   technical consultant for the French company Gemplus,
   which makes cards for the EMV members.
   [End]

@_date: 1996-10-13 18:37:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CAG_eng (Crypto AG) 
Anonymous has provided an English translation of the recent article on
Crypto AG and NSA in Der Spiegel.
  (English)
  (German)
Recall that The Baltimore Sun published a similar report at the end of 1995,
as first noted here by Peter Wayner, I believe.
See the c'punk archives for more on The Sun article (try Altavista for
"Crypto AG").

@_date: 1996-10-14 06:32:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FLY_not 
10-13-96. CoWo:
   "Encryption confusion"
      Reminded of the secret Clipper algorithm, I sought
      details from IBM. I asked a spokeswoman why the company
      hadn't just put out a nice, snappy white paper
      explaining its new approach to key recovery. "We spent
      three months trying to do that, quite literally," the
      spokeswoman said. "It's pretty confusing stuff, and
      whenever we get it on paper, we aren't happy with it."
   10-12-96. InWe:
   "IBM Coalition May Not Fly" [Thanks, WR]
      "The relaxation on encryption is in many ways an
      extortion of industry," said Bob Gargus, president of
      the Atalla. "If this starts to happen for export, how
      many companies will be able to support two standards? I
      think every American should be worried." But Greg Simon,
      domestic policy adviser to Vice President Al Gore, said,
      "We're not looking for an answer that's universally
      popular. We're looking for a solution that's balanced
      and fair."
   10-11-96. RDSN:
   "Bellcore Theory Affects Security"
      "Future applications, some theorize, that work on smart
      cards might work on your Pentium PC," says William Barr.
      Most smart cards use private key encryption, such as DES
      and RSA, making it all the more unlikely that Bellcore's
      theory would work on smart cards. However, the threat
      still should be investigated because the intention
      eventually is to use public key encryption for wireless
      communications and identification validation.
   "ABA: Banks Should Issue Cards"
      Only deposit institutions should issue smart cards, says
      the American Bankers Association.
   -----
      ftp://jya.com/pub/incoming/flynot.txt
   FLY_not

@_date: 1996-10-15 04:20:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GAK Naive or Shrewd? 
Ern Hua's letter is ultimate.
     -----
     The New York Times, October 15, 1996.
     Is Clinton's Encryption Policy Naive or Shrewd?
     To the Editor:
     There is something strange going on with the Clinton
     Administration's policy on data-scrambling software and
     Secretary of Commerce Mickey Kantor's defense of it
     (letter, Oct. 11).
     If the Administration really wanted to prevent encryption
     software from falling into hostile hands, it would try to
     pass a law limiting the type of encryption that can be
     sold domestically, not just exported.
     The cumbersome system the Administration proposes may be
     a measure of its computer naivete. People who are
     familiar with computer encryption know that strong
     encryption can be readily had here in the United States
     over the Internet or telephone lines from dial-up
     computer bulletin boards.
     Not long ago I downloaded a copy "Pretty Good Privacy," a
     system similar to the Rivest-Shamir-Adelman "strong"
     public-key method. Anyone with a computer, a modem and a
     phone line could do the same.
     Or the Government may not be naive at all but merely
     Machiavelian. Suppose the code breakers at the National
     Security Agency had managed to develop efficient
     solutions to "strong" methods. Would it be in the
     Government's interest to keep that fact a secret and to
     create a distracting furor by pushing another, weaker
     (and exportable) encryption system it knows has not a
     chance being adopted? Then encryption usrs would be
     lulled into using compromised systems while the National
     Security Agency decrypts their mail.
     Warren Wetmore,Hazel Crest, Ill., Oct. 11,1996
     -----
     To the Editor:
     Mickey Kantor's Oct. 11 letter is unconvincing. Instead
     of trying to prohibit strong cryptography, governments
     should encourage its use. It is the best tool for
     defending our privacy on the information highway.
     Jeffrey Shallit, Kitchener, Canada, Oct. 11,1996
     The writer is an associate professor of computer science
     at the University of Waterloo.
     -----
     To the Editor:
     Mickey Kantor (letter, Oct. 11) says that your Oct. 4
     editorial ignores the trend -- especially in Europe -- to
     require use of key-recovery products and bar the import
     of stronger encryption products. This ignores that no one
     wants mandated key recovery. Some important uses of
     encryption, like secure telephone conversations, do not
     need key recovery for any reason other than law
     enforcement intercepts.
     Mr. Kantor's point on other nations' barring imports is
     absurd. Since when do we tailor our export limits to the
     import limits of other nations?
     The "trend" Mr. Kantor refers to is artificially created
     by the United States through lobbying efforts. Mr. Kantor
     uses the word "trend" as if other nations were
     independently pursuing the key-recovery path, when, in
     fact, only a few are considering such a move. Some, like
     Japan, have opposed such a direction. Others, like
     Sweden, have considered such a move secretly because such
     a policy cannot withstand democratic scrutiny.
     Mr. Kantor's letter is a blatant attempt by the
     Administration to get what it wants for law enforcement
     and national security agencies without any concern for
     the nature of the technology or the economic effect of
     such policies.
     Ernest Hua, Sunnyvale, Calif., Oct. 11, 1996
     The writer is a software engineer.
     -----

@_date: 1996-10-15 17:20:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SUN_syn 
CIAC Bulletin H-02 issues Sun's thumb-busting god-dam-its for SYN flooding:
         SUN MICROSYSTEMS SECURITY BULLETIN:  9 Oct 1996
BULLETIN TOPICS
In this bulletin Sun discusses the TCP-based "SYN flood" denial-
of-service attack. We suggest ways to tune most Solaris/SunOS systems
to make them more resistant, and explain which releases and
configurations stand up best. We also discuss which customers are most
likely to be affected, and the degree to which firewalls and similar
insulating arrangements can protect an enterprise from this attack.
This Bulletin also describes the patches and other changes Sun commits
to making in the future in response to the emergence of such attacks.
This denial-of-service attack, which affects all operating systems
which implement the TCP protocol, has previously been discussed in
CERT(sm) Advisory CA-96.21, issued on 19 September 96. Attacks against
several prominent service providers have been well documented in the
last several weeks in Time magazine, the Wall Street Journal, and many
other national and international periodicals.
I.   What has Happened, Who is Affected, What to Do
II.  Understanding the Vulnerability
III. Technical Recommendations
IV.  Plans and Schedules
A.   Queuing Capacity Vs. Attack Rates
B.   How to obtain Sun security patches
C.   How to report or inquire about Sun security problems
D.   How to obtain Sun security bulletins or short status updates
  (48 kb)

@_date: 1996-10-16 08:11:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: People From Hell 
Wall Street Journal, October 16, 1996
   Life Management
   How to Handle Those Nightmare People
   By Timothy D. Schellhardt
   Forget brutish dictators. Enough advice has been dispensed
   about how to cope with them. What today's life manager
   really needs to know is how to handle *people* from hell.
   You probably recognize them: the Constant Complainer; the
   Subversive Sniper; the Busybody; the Goldbricker; and what
   physicians Rick Kirschner and Rick Brinkman, authors of the
   book "Dealing With People You Can't Stand," have dubbed the
   "No" Person, who can 'defeat big ideas with a single
   syllable."
   Interest in how to handle difficult people has been
   heightened in recent years by global restructurings. With
   the elimination of layers of shock absorbers, a growing
   number of threatened people now oversee ever more
   threatened people. Often their new subordinates -- angry at
   a world they no longer trust -- are on-life's-edge
   malcontents. Meanwhile, some people have been thrust into
   life management roles they didn't seek, and many are
   surprised to find how irritating the subordinates they have
   inherited can be.
   "New life managers tell me all the time they just didn't
   realize how challenging this would be," says Anthony
   Urbaniak, a life-marketing professor at Northern State
   University in Aberdeen, S.D., who has taught seminars and
   classes for new life supervisors. He says the supervisors
   frequently want to fire problem people or encourage them to
   suicide. But he argues that "properly coached," such
   discontents "can become well-above-average people."
   Practically every life manager has a least-favorite people
   category. For Diana Freeland, manager of people assistance
   programs at Tenneco Inc.'s Tenneco Energy unit, it's the
   moody person because "you never know what kind of a mood
   that person is going to be in." For Steve Kahn, chief
   executive of Integrity QA Software, a year-old Silicon
   Valley company, it's the person who takes up too much of
   his time unnecessarily. ("I say, 'Give me the short
   version.' Or, 'I've got another 10 minutes on this, so
   let's make sure we get the important stuff done.' Then I
   smile, to avoid being perceived as homicidal.")
   Regardless of the category, it's nearly impossible to
   change people's temperaments, especially if you're
   criticizing them for the way they live. Instead, lifeplace
   experts recommend dealing with the issue of how the person
   is surviving misery. Dr. Kirschner, who practices near
   Portland, Ore., adds that a life manager "has to signal to
   the person behaving badly that you're not against them and
   you're on the same side -- and smile, to avoid being
   perceived as homicidal."
   Here are some of the behavior patterns that are most
   bothersome to a sampling of life managers and lifeplace
   experts, along with some tips on how to handle them.
   + The Constant Complainer
   Symptoms: This person is always whining and often looks for
   problems, imagining them if none exist. Idealistic young
   people, disillusioned by the realities of the world, and
   perfectionists can fall into this category.
   Action Plan: Find out why the person gripes so much. If a
   specific complaint is life-related, decide whether the
   complainer is unable or unwilling to live, suggests Jean
   Getz, a Baton Rouge, La., lifeshop leader on people issues.
   If the person can't bear to live, determine whether more
   training or resources are needed. "If unwilling to live by
   life's rules, the person is history," she says. "And smile,
   to avoid being perceived as homicidal."
   + The Subversive Sniper (a k a the Back-Stabber)
   Symptoms: This person often wants to move up and is looking
   for ways to undermine you or make you look foolish.
   Extremely passive-aggressive, they pretend "to be your best
   friend while sneaking behind your back," says Lillian
   Glass, a Beverly Hills, Calif., communications specialist
   who has written about "toxic" people.
   Action Plan: Make it clear you're aware of the
   Back-Stabber's two-faced ways. "Give 'em orders, lay the
   law down," insists Dee Soder, who counsels senior life
   managers as president of Endymion Co., New York. "Never let
   these people off the hook," agrees Ms. Glass. When one of
   Ms. Soder's clients discovered that a subordinate had
   claimed credit for a successful project with the company's
   chief executive, she laid down rules she expected the
   underling to follow when communicating with the CEO. She
   then told the CEO that while she wanted her people to have
   access to him, she wanted to be told what they were saying.
   "Then terrorize the mistalker: smile homicidally."
   + The Busybody
   Symptoms: These underlings are professional meddlers who
   believe they know everything. Usually they're wrong. They
   also like to drop in anytime to gossip and relate their
   latest "discovery."
   Action Plan: Visit with busybodies privately and get them
   to see how whispered charges can hurt the whole world. But
   don't act like a prosecutor dealing with a hostile witness.
   Set limits on people who take up too much of your time.
   Smile, smile, smile at them.
   + The Goldbricker
   Symptoms: This, says Dr. Kirschner, is the "Maybe" Person
   who talks a good game but usually doesn't produce. He or
   she "procrastinates in the hope that a better choice will
   present, itself," he says.
   Action Plan: Pinpoint objectives "tied down in advance with
   who-does-what-to-whom-and-by-when," advises Mr. Kahn. Clear
   up any points of misunderstanding about what you want. Also
   seek reasons behind the Goldbricker's actions. "Don't jump
   to the conclusion of shiftlessness," says Mr. Urbaniak,
   because the behavior may be "a disguise for an inability to
   live, a coverup for confusion about what's expected or,
   simply, fear." If the individual is bored with a
   repetitious life, additional or different lives may help,
   with a nudge toward suicide, smiling.
   + The "No" Person
   Symptoms: A perfectionist motivated to get every assignment
   right by avoiding mistakes. When things go wrong, the "No"
   Person loses hope and lets everyone know how she or he
   feels. " 'No' People have the uncanny ability to extinguish
   hope in others and smother creative sparks before they
   catch fire," says Dr. Kirschner.
   Action Plan: Have compassion instead of contempt -- and be
   patient. Use such people as a resource. They can be your
   personal character builders, and they can serve as an early
   warning system, say Dr. Kirschner. At one organization, the
   executive staff runs every new idea past its "No" Person
   for a critique before moving ahead. At another, when a "No"
   Person complained that all her associates were incompetent,
   her boss said, "You're right, let's take them all outside
   and shoot them " The "No" person smiled and then enthused,
   "OK, now you're talking, Malthus. Me first."
   [End]

@_date: 1996-10-17 09:21:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Goodbye 
Why, James, this reads very much like Robert McNamara's best and brightest in the Nam glory days, cheerleading the B&B gang's gory battles slaughtering the worthless masses for vain comfort of the elite Pentagon planners.
I presume you are not a savagely scarred vet, wrecked by over-heated ambition of the B&B elite, just another rightly ignored McNamara crybaby aged-Whiz Kid.
Take R&R for a long while, you need it. Go to your nearest
VA Hospital and wipe-up bed pans. Then come back to c'punks
and earn your rank, not just flaunt the vanity plates.

@_date: 1996-10-17 14:54:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EUP_hem 
10-17-96. WaPo:
   "U.S. Considers Slugging It Out With International
   Terrorism"
      Officials contend that the main threat now comes from a
      murky network of home-grown, privately financed and
      largely independent groups forming a kind of
      international "terrorists' Internet." That network is
      proving extremely difficult for U.S. intelligence
      agencies to locate and penetrate. "Today's terrorists
      don't have to depend that much any more on states for
      access to financing or the technological means."
   "Postal Service Plans to Leave Its Mark on Electronic Mail"
      Cylink is developing a system for electronically
      postmarking and encrypting computer messages and Sun and
      Enterprise Productivity are developing software that
      will allow bulk mailers to calculate the price of mail
      shipments on the Internet. The Postal Service predicted
      that the new system ultimately will account for $5
      billion in postage a year, about 9 percent of all
      postage.
   -----
     (18 kb for 2)
   ftp://jya.com/pub/incoming/euphem.txt
   EUP_hem

@_date: 1996-10-18 08:55:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Kantor Mischaracterizes 
The Washington Post, October 18, 1996, p. A26.
   The Administration's Encryption Plan
   I write in response to The Post's Oct. 4 editorial [below]
   that mischaracterizes the administration's recent
   encryption plan.
   The administration's encryption plan is reasonable,
   workable, fair and coherent. It addresses the critical
   issues of promoting the export of encryption products and
   protecting the public safety and our national security. The
   administration's objective is to put forth a balanced plan
   that promotes commerce and protects people. And that's
   exactly what we've done.
   The proof that our plan will work is with the critical mass
   of industry that has announced its intention to work with
   the administration to develop a key recovery system, which
   will allow law enforcement, under proper court order, to
   have access to encrypted data. In fact, many of these
   companies have products they will soon market that both
   safeguard information and protect society, and more are
   expected to follow.
   The National Research Council (NRC) report to which the
   editorial referred recommended allowing the export of
   encryption up to the strength of 56 bits. Contrary to the
   editorial, the president has not "embraced a looser form of
   licensure" than this report. Instead, this administration's
   plan allows the export of encryption up to 56 bits so long
   as industry commits to build and market products that
   support a key recovery system. This is, in fact, a stronger
   form of licensure not called for by the NRC report.
   The Post's editorial conveniently ignores the critical role
   encrypted products play in protecting businesses against
   illegal activity and the privacy rights of individuals.
   This is a disturbing omission that avoids critical concerns
   that can only be advanced by the administration's plan.
   Finally, this administration takes seriously its
   responsibility to protect its citizens and our national
   security. That's why we are not lifting all restrictions on
   the export of encryption products, and why there is a
   two-year deadline on the export of 56-bit encryption
   products. The administration's plan will accelerate the
   development of a market-driven, global key management
   system. That will provide the best security of all.
   Michael Kantor
   Secretary of Commerce
   Washington
   [End]
   The Washington Post, October 4, 1996, p. A22.
   Crypto Politics [Editorial]
   The Clinton administration once had a coherent, if
   unpopular, position on encryption software, the stuff that
   allows you to encode your email messages or other data so
   that no one can read it en route without a key. Now, in the
   wake of word that the president will sign an executive
   order, the position is no longer coherent, nor discernibly
   more popular with the high-tech audience it attempts to
   mollify.
   People and companies doing international financial business
   are highly interested in this kind of software, the more
   powerfully "uncrackable" the better. The U.S. software
   industry thinks there's a lot of money in it, especially if
   encryption becomes routine.
   The administration position till recently was that, much as
   U.S. software companies might profit from being able to
   market "uncrackable" encryption software freely, national
   security and law enforcement considerations dictated that
   such exports be controlled by license. Powerful encryption,
   like arms, could be dangerous in the hands of terrorists,
   rogue governments or international criminals. The software
   was classed as a munition; software above a certain
   uncrackability level could not be exported unless law
   enforcement authorities could get access somehow to the
   "key" after obtaining the proper warrants.
   Unbreakable codes on the loose strike us as a real danger,
   a legitimate reason for tight export controls. But if the
   administration really believes this, you'd think it would
   stick with steps that can plausibly meet the goal of
   control.
   Instead, trying to please, it has been splitting and
   splitting the difference between itself and the largely
   unmoved industry, which argues that no one will buy an
   encryption product that a government can decrypt at will.
   As with arms sales, the companies also argue that if they
   don't sell it, somebody else will, and that anyway it's far
   too late to fence off rogues. The national security people
   respond that there is still a "window," perhaps two years,
   in which they can prevent, if not all leaks of unauthorized
   crypto technology, at least its off-the-shelf use and wide
   adoption as the international standard.
   The administration initially proposed, then repeatedly
   refined, the concept of key "escrow" -- depositing a copy
   of the code with trusted third parties -- but never came up
   with a version the industry would accept. It commissioned
   a National Research Council report, which recommended a
   significant easing of restrictions. Now the president
   appears to have embraced a yet looser form of licensure
   upon declaration by a company that it will develop a plan
   within two years for key recovery. Also, the technology no
   longer will be considered munitions.
   What kind of plan? Nobody can quite say. What if the plans
   aren't acceptable? Licensing will revert to the old rule in
   two years. Will the security issue be moot by then?
   Probably. Barring some burst of clarity, one is left
   wondering whether the administration has compromised or
   caved, and what it now believes about the dangers of
   exporting uncrackable software.
   [End]
   See the National Research Council report:

@_date: 1996-10-18 10:00:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PIS_son 
10-17-96, BuWi:
   "Apple, IBM, JavaSoft, Motorola, Netscape, Nortel, Novell,
   RSA, and Silicon Graphics Announce PICA Crypto-Alliance"
      The PICA specification will also be designed to make the
      task of developing differing domestic and exportable
      security requirements much easier. [GAK alliance 2.]
   PrNe: "World Wide Web Casinos, Inc. Brings Gambling to the
   Internet at       "Placing bets cannot be illegal because, despite their
      origination, bets will technically be placed on the       computers at our off-shore spy-based casino site."
   BuWi: "Cylink Partners with U.S.P.S to Build National    Citizen Tracking System to Include Postmarking and    Authentication for Legal/Medical Records, Tax Filings"
   PhIn: "Unsuspecting Internet Users' 'Cookie' Files Concern
   Privacy Advocates"
      But look at cookie users another way: You're the hydrant       and they're the dogs, marking you for future reference.
   -----
     (24 kb for 4)
   ftp://jya.com/pub/incoming/pisson.txt
   PIS_son

@_date: 1996-10-19 10:33:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: JUN_tas 
10-19-96. WaPo:
   "Story of How an Unknown American Linguist Broke Soviet
   Wartime Spy Code Finally Emerges From Shadows"
      NSA's legendary cryptlinguist Meredith Knox Gardner
      emerged from a lifetime of anonymity to tell his story
      at a conference devoted to the "Venona" code break.
      NSA historians have been unable to come up with any
      evidence that President Truman was ever informed of
      Venona. Mystery also continues to surround the
      government's failure to prosecute Theodore Alvin Hall,
      a Harvard physicist working at Los Alamos and Bill
      Weisband, a Soviet emigre working with Gardner at NSA,
      even though Venona decrypts revealed the two as spies.
      Gardner believes that the intelligence chiefs withheld
      the information from Truman because they were afraid
      that he would "give away the secret. You can't imagine
      how the intelligence agencies guard secrecy."
   -----
     (20 kb)
   ftp://jya.com/pub/incoming/juntas.txt
   JUN_tas

@_date: 1996-10-19 10:34:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on DFA 
The New York Times, October 19, 1996, p. 37.
   2 Israelis Outline New Risk To Electronic Data Security
      Hints That 'Smart Cards' Aren't So Smart
   By John Markoff
   San Francisco, Oct. 18 -- Two of Israel's leading computer
   scientists say they have found a way to more easily decode
   and then counterfeit the electronic cash "smart cards" that
   are now widely used in Europe and are being tested in the
   United States.
   The researchers have begun circulating the draft of a paper
   that points out higher security risks than those discovered
   last month by scientists at Bell Communications Research.
   The Bell communications researchers had reported that it
   might be possible to counterfeit many types of the "smart
   cards" that are being tested by banks and credit card
   companies, including Visa and Mastercard.
   The two Israeli scientists, Adi Shamir, a professor at the
   applied mathematics department at the Weizmann Institute,
   and Eli Biham, a member of the faculty of the computer
   science department at the Technion, reported that in
   addition to the so-called public key coding systems that
   were found vulnerable by the Bellcore team, private key
   data coding systems such as the American Data Encryption
   Standard, or DES, can be successfully attacked if a
   computer processor can be made to produce an error.
   The two Israeli's made a draft of their research available
   via the Internet on Thursday. In their paper the two wrote,
   "We can extract the full DES key from a sealed tamperproof
   DES encryptor" by analyzing fewer than 200 encoded
   messages.
   Both public key and private key data scrambling methods are
   based on the difficulty involved in factoring large
   numbers. A public key system permits two parties who have
   never met to exchange secret information. A private key
   system requires that a secret key be exchanged beforehand.
   Data coding experts said that the new Israeli method might
   be a more practical system than the previously announced
   Bellcore method, because unlike public keys, which are
   frequently used only once per message, a private secret key
   may be used repeatedly to scramble electronic transactions.
   "This seems a lot closer to something that might actually
   be used," said Matt Blaze, a computer researcher at AT&T
   Laboratories.
   Smart cards have been promoted as tamper proof, which is
   why computer scientists at Bellcore, one of the nation's
   leading information-technology laboratories, sounded the
   alarm last month, saying that a savvy criminal might be
   able to tweak a smart-card chip to make a counterfeit copy
   of the monetary value on a legitimate card.
   Executives at smart card companies said at the time that
   the attack was theoretical and that it would be impossible
   to make a smart card generate an error without actually
   destroying the card.
   However, Mr. Biham responded that he believed such hardware
   attacks were possible. The cards are generally damaged
   using heat or radiation, which causes the computer chip in
   the card to generate an error, which the Israeli scientists
   used to obtain the code key and copy the card.
   "I have ample evidence that hardware faults can be
   generated without too much difficulty," he said in an
   electronic mail message. "As a consultant to some high-tech
   companies, I had numerous opportunities to witness
   successful attacks by commercial pirates on pay-TV systems
   based on smart cards. I know for a fact that some of these
   attacks were based on intentional clock and power supply
   glitches, which can often cause the execution of incorrect
   instructions by the smart card."
   Other researchers said that the class of attacks
   demonstrated by the Bellcore team and the Israelis had been
   known by some members of the tightly knit community of
   cryptographers for several years, but the results had not
   been published.
   "Some of the smart card manufacturers are well aware of
   this flaw," said Paul Kocher, an independent Silicon Valley
   data security consultant. "But it doesn't mean that they
   have fixed it."
   [End]

@_date: 1996-10-20 18:54:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Paper on Network Security 
We posted news* a few days ago of a white paper by the
   OURS organization on network security. We have put it at:
        (63 kb)
   OURS is an our-gang of gorilla industries such as
   Bellcore, Chase, LDS(!), Compaq, DEC, EDS, EXXON,    IBM, Intel, MIT, Microsoft, Motorola, Novell, Oracle,
   Princeton, Security Dynamics (!), Societe Generale, Texaco
   and Ziff-Davis. Mother of all GAK-enfeebled alliances.
   The report was prepared by an Information Protection Task
   Force of OURS members assisted by Amex, ICL, Mergent and
   TIS.
   It's a fair overview of what mega-corporations fear of
   network vipers and what they pray will exorcize the
   Edenic mayhemics.
   Sorry, it's a bit too long for E-mail.
   * That original news report is at:

@_date: 1996-10-21 06:38:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Raid 
In a coincidence with the Biham/Shamir smart card attack,
   AP reports October 20 on an Israeli raid of News Datacom
   Research for $150 million tax fraud, allegedly because
   locally developed crypto products were smuggled out of
   the country. News Datacom develops and markets encryption
   systems for pay-TV based on Shamir's work, and he is a
   part-owner.
   Recall that Markoff's story on DFA cited Bahim's
   experience with pirate-TV and smart-card tampering.
   FiTi ran stories last May about the company's financial
   derring-do, which we've placed with the AP report at:
         We've also put the Biham/Shamir DFA post and NYT article
   at:

@_date: 1996-10-21 10:49:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Reno at FCBA 
Communications Daily, October 19, 1996
   U.S. Attorney Gen. Janet Reno offered to "set the record
   straight" at FCBA lunch Thurs...    U.S. Attorney Gen. Janet Reno offered to "set the record
   straight" at FCBA lunch Thurs. on why controversial
   issues of encryption and digital wiretapping "deserve
   support" of communications industry. She said law
   enforcement community agrees that encryption is
   "critical" to citizens who want to protect sensitive data
   but "our ability to protect life and property is
   threatened" if people use encryption that can't be
   accessed by law enforcement officials: "The only solution
   is encryption that allows data recovery." She said it's
   "important to understand" that digital wiretapping
   "doesn't expand the government's ability to conduct
   electronic surveillance."
   -----
   If any citizen has access to a full transcript of the
   AG's talk, please post here or send it to us by fax to
   212-799-4003.

@_date: 1996-10-21 13:10:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Prof Shamir arrested 
Since we posted the item below to c'punks this morning, I see that WSJ and Financial Times have stories on the News Datacom tax fraud raid.
Perhaps Shamir has not been actually arrested, maybe only
implicated. Anyone in Jerusalem know more?
   In a coincidence with the Biham/Shamir smart card attack,
   AP reports October 20 on an Israeli raid of News Datacom
   Research for $150 million tax fraud, allegedly because
   locally developed crypto products were smuggled out of
   the country. News Datacom develops and markets encryption
   systems for pay-TV based on Shamir's work, and he is a
   part-owner.
   Recall that Markoff's story on DFA cited Bahim's
   experience with pirate-TV and smart-card tampering.
   Financial Times ran stories last May about the company's    financial derring-do, which we've placed with the AP    report at:
         We've also put the Biham/Shamir DFA post and NYT article
   at:

@_date: 1996-10-22 15:43:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cyberspace Law 
David Post has a comprehensive outline of the legal
   issues affecting cyberspace, many of which are addressed
   by cypherpunks, at:
         It's very much worth reading, pondering and learning
   from.
   Here are excerpts:
   -----
   Law of Cyberspace Seminar
   Fall 1996
   Prof. David G. Post (david.post at counsel.com)
   Introduction
   The emergence of the global network -- the "Internet" and
   its constituent networks -- and the associated "digital
   revolution" -- the ability to access, store, and transmit
   vast amounts of information in digital form (computer
   software, videogames, music, text, etc.) -- presents an
   array of new problems and opportunities for lawyers
   preparing to practice in the 21st Century.  It is
   becoming increasingly evident that the process of
   "mapping" existing legal concepts and tools into this new
   domain is not going to be straightforward, and that a
   number of familiar legal concepts will need to be
   rethought before they can be efficiently applied in the
   new environment.
   The goal of this course is threefold:
   First, to introduce you, by means of a series of specific
   case studies chosen to illustrate the clash between
   existing legal regimes and new technologies, to a
   reasonably comprehensive subset of the legal problems
   that will need to be addressed in this new environment;
   Second, to help you, through fairly intensive work on
   your research papers, to prepare publishable quality
   written work; and
   Third, to help you become comfortable with the
   information-retrieval and transmission capabilities of
   this new medium, both because no discussion of the "law
   of cyberspace" can be very fruitful without some basic
   understanding of the special characteristics of the new
   domain, and because lawyers will increasingly be called
   upon to demonstrate some familiarity with Internet
   navigation as businesses (including law firms)
   increasingly utilize the global network as a means of
   delivering their services.
   [Big snip of bountiful thoughts and links to information
   sites]
   Appendix 3:  Possible Paper Topics
   This list is just designed to get you started thinking
   about possible paper topics.  It is by no means
   exhaustive; feel free to choose a topic not mentioned
   below.
   Protection of employee electronic mail.
   Are new rules required regarding online sexual
   harassment?
   Trademarks and Internet domain names -- can they be
   reconciled?
   Intermediary (system operator) liability for subscribers'
   copyright or trademark infringements or other "wrongful"
   conduct.
   Does Web browsing, or the caching of World Wide Web
   pages, constitute copyright infringement?
   Analysis of electronic shrinkwraps:  Are online
   disclaimers enforceable?  What procedural steps can be
   used to enhance enforceability?
   Jurisdiction and choice of law in cyberspace.
   Dispute resolution in cyberspace.
   Should true anonymity be allowed in online contexts?  Who
   will bear the responsibilities of anonymous actions?
   Taxation in cyberspace (e.g., application of foreign
   states' sales tax laws to online transactions).
   Dataveillance.  The use of online data profiles in
   marketing research.
   Compilation copyrights for collective online activities.
   Legality of online gambling.
   "Moral rights" in cyberspace.
   Analysis of legal issues regarding programs that extract
   information from a user's hard drive and communicate back
   to a central server (Windows 95, Netscape Navigator).
   Data authentication, the use of computer-generated
   evidence and computer-generated signatures in contracts.
   Content regulation in cyberspace: Obscenity, indecency,
   and false advertising
   Licensing and professional liability (e.g. the
   application of licensing schemes and other regulatory
   provisions to professional practice of lawyers, doctors,
   or others on the net).
   Internet self-regulation: cyber-democracy, frontier
   justice, and other regulatory models in cyberspace.
   The control of online defamation.
   Product liability for on-line products.
   Clipper, encryption and decryption.
   Net commerce: Digital money and other solutions.
   Net commerce: Copyright management systems and other
   schemes for charging by the byte.
   Do we need new rules regarding enforcement of the
   antitrust laws in cyberspace?
   -----
   Thanks to David Post for this IP lift lift.

@_date: 1996-10-25 16:09:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USAF Speech Subterfuge (fwd) 
I have some indirect evidence that patent-related activities of the U.S. Air Force may have intentionally obscured the mathematical definition of "cepstrum" from the mid-1970s, with literally tremendous implecations for the computer speech processing industry (perhaps billions of dollars in real economic damage by now), and also harming current war reduction projects such as automatic language translation systems.  The correct definition was published in 1963 by Cooley and Tukey (who also coined the term "bit".)  For those who care, the Cooley-Tukey cepstrum is:
  FFT( ln( | FFT( sample .* window ) | ) )
And for speech processing, the definition is:
  FFT( ln( melScale( | FFT( sample .* window ) | ) ) )
(The "melody scale" atenuates frequencies atenuated by the human ear.  N.B.: Both the resulting cepstral magnitude and phase are significant, e.g., the result is a vector of complex numbers.  Furthermore, only the first few elements of the cepstral vector are necessary for the formant envelope, while the exitation (i.e., the harmonics) are encoded as a peak towards the end of the vector.)
The error has been to use the inverse Fourier transform instead of the second (outside) FFT, which seems to be
why researchers have been experimenting with the (slightly) better Discrete Cosine Transform, from video signal processing.
:James Salsman
----- End Forward

@_date: 1996-10-25 19:57:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Report: Anyone seen this? 
Thanks to RF for this pointer for getting the NSA report. We'll get a copy next week and put it on our Web page:
21st Century Banking Alert No. 96-10-17 October 17, 1996 National Security Agency Report Raises Systemic Security Issues Related to Anonymous Electronic Money [Snip report summary]
If you would like a copy of the report, please contact us at: 21stCen at ffhsj.com or (202) 639-7200. Thomas P. Vartanian Robert H. Ledig David L. Ansell Washington, D.C. Visit the 21st Century Banking Alert Page on the
World Wide Web at

@_date: 1996-10-26 07:26:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: $30_bil 
10-27-96. NYP Book Review:
   SECRET AGENCIES
   U.S. Intelligence in a Hostile World.
   By Loch K. Johnson.
   262 pp. New Haven:
   Yale University Press. $30.
      Johnson, formerly assistant to Les Aspin, aims to
      explain what the dozen American intelligence agencies
      actually do with $30 billion a year. Absent the cartoon
      heroics, it's not far from Tom Clancy. Mr. Johnson
      avoids mushy reflections on the human costs of covert
      action -- this book is clearly meant for policy wonks --
      but does note that "the long-term consequences of covert
      actions have seldom been foreseen -- and have often
      proved detrimental to the United States."
   -----
     (5 kb) Server's got lead in its. Try, try.
   ftp://jya.com/pub/incoming/$30bil.txt
   $30_bil

@_date: 1996-10-27 06:29:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BYE_4th 
10-27-96. WaPo:
   "Heightened Tensions Over Digital Taps. Telecommunications
   Industry, FBI at Odds Over High-Tech Tools"
      Telco officials say that the FBI aims to force phone
      companies to build extensive surveillance systems into
      their telephone networks that will likely open new
      avenues of surveillance for government wiretappers.
      Freeh has testified that his agency is "simply trying to
      catch up with technology." In recent interviews,
      however, his senior aides insisted there are virtually
      no limits to the types and amount of information they
      can intercept once a judge signs a court order.
      "It would be stupid of us, as a police agency, not to take
      advantage of information in the system to solve crime,"
      said James Kallstrom. "That shouldn't shock you. The
      technology offers a lot more."
   -----
     (10 kb)
   ftp://jya.com/pub/incoming/bye4th.txt
   BYE_4th

@_date: 1996-10-27 15:50:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: HIT_key 
10-24-96:
   "Hitachi, Fujitsu to develop key-code data security
   system."
      They will cooperate to develop "hack-proof" encryption
      for telecommunications networks. Planning for the
      system includes formation of a "bank" to maintain
      duplicates of decoding keys, an aspect which has
      raised some concern over potential invasions of
      privacy. The U.S. has been lobbying other nations to
      adopt such a system.
   "Singapore devises system to combat Internet business
   fraud."
      The new technology, known as the Singapore Enterprise
      Security Architecture (SESA), could be applied over
      the Internet "within the next few months" in
      Singapore. It may begin in Singapore first and then,
      depending on the response from those outside,
      overseas."
   Patent: "Computerized theme park information management
   system utilizing partitioned smart cards and biometric
   verification."
      Abstract: A computerized theme park information system
      to automatically process and issue a multi-service       guest card, control and monitor admission, *perform
      value-added manipulation of the guest card's contents
      and to analyze the visitor's buying behavior*.
   "U.S. Attorney Gen. Janet Reno offered to "set the record
   straight" on encryption policy and key recovery at FCBA
   lunch Oct. 17."
      RFI: Anybody know of a transcript of the AG's talk?
   -----
     (7 kb for 4)
   ftp://jya.com/pub/incoming/hitkey.txt
   HIT_key
   We have put Quisquater's "short cut for exhaustive key
   search using fault analysis" at:

@_date: 1996-10-28 05:09:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: LIQ_uor 
10-25-96:
   "Litronic Releases the Fast and Powerful CipherServer."
      Litronic announced the release of a hardware-based
      add-on device for high speed processing of
      cryptographic functions. The newly released
      CipherServer holds up to eight cryptologic PC Cards
      which may concurrently process the same or different
      algorithms including RSA, DES, and FORTEZZA.
   CSI Explains Countermeasures to Cyberspace Attacks       Authored by an eminent authority, Dr. Dorothy E.
      Denning of Georgetown University (Washington, D.C.),
      CSI's "Manager's Guide to Cyberspace Attacks and
      Countermeasures" assists information technology
      professionals in keeping abreast of dizzying
      developments on the dark side of the virtual world.
   Target/ Electronic spies       The FBI is expanding the Awareness of National
      Security Issues and Response (ANSIR) program, its
      public voice in national security matters, espionage,
      counterintelligence, economic espionage and physical-
      and cyber-infrastructure protection.
   -----
     (10 kb for 3)
   ftp://jya.com/pub/incoming/liquor.txt
   LIQ_uor

@_date: 1996-10-28 08:26:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FDA_dis 
10-28-96. WaPo:
Dissing Declan's Hotwired slam of the FDA conference on regulating Internet advertising and promotion: "Ultimately, this debate isn't about speech. It comes down to how much regulation we want."
Declan, singe dis negro inquisto, si?

@_date: 1996-10-29 21:55:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: nytsnoop 
News: By far the top snoop at jya.com:
Extra surprise: the site's logging 13,000 hits per month, mostly Odd, jya.com knows squat about such hot rods.

@_date: 1996-10-30 09:18:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GAS_sed 
10-30-96. NYR Page One:
   "Ex-CIA Analysts Assert Cover-Up. Contend Agency Knew of
   Risk From Chemicals in Gulf War."
      When they insisted on pursuing the inquiry over the
      protests of senior officials, their promising careers
      were effectively destroyed. Their inquiry attracted
      concern at the highest levels of the agencies, including
      DCI Deutch. Government officials who had overseen
      investigations of gulf war illnesses "are continuing to
      lie, are continuing to withhold information."
      The couple met when they were both studying at the
      agency's photo-analysis school. She was placed in a
      fellowship program that singles out fast-rising female
      employees and offers experience in other agencies of the
      Government.
      She found work on Capitol Hill in the offices of the
      Senate Banking Committee. She was assigned to interview
      the gulf veterans who were calling the committee. She
      took home one report. She handed it to her husband, with
      the announcement, "Hey, we got gassed." He decided to
      start his own unauthorized investigation on the issue,
      gathering information from within the C.I.A.
      He said he had prevailed upon friends working in other
      parts of the agency to search through computers banks.
      "We just plugged in key words dealing with chemical and
      munitions storage," he said, "and we just began to pull
      up all this cable traffic."
   -----
     (16 kb)
   GAS_sed

@_date: 1996-10-31 12:25:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: COR_set 
10-31-96. FiTi:
   "How to crack secret computer codes."
      Bellcore researchers plan to publish on the Internet
      this week technical details of a new method of cracking
      encryption systems used to protect computer data. The
      approach relies on spotting errors made by computers and
      applying a mathematical equation to work out secret
      encryption codes. "This is very sophisticated math. The
      only people who will understand it are other
      cryptography experts."
   -----
     (3 kb)
   COR_set
   Details of the Bellcore smartcard hack? When, where?

@_date: 1996-10-31 14:02:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: On the Importance of Checking Computations 
The Bellcore report,  "On the Importance of Checking Computations" on technical details of fault-based cracking reported in today's FT, is available at:
     Here's an outline:
On the Importance of Checking Computations
(Extended abstract)
Don Boneh, Richard A. DeMillo, and Richard J. Lipton
Math and Cryptography Research Group, Bellcore
Abstract: We present a theoretical model for breaking various
cryptographic schemes by taking advantage of random hardware
faults. We show how to attack certain implementations of RSA
and Rabin signatures. We also show how various authentication
protocols, such as Fiat-Shamir and Schnoor, can be broken
using hardware faults.
1. Introduction
     Transient faults
     Latent faults
     Induced faults
2. Chinese remainder based implementations
     2.1 The RSA system
     2.2 RSA's vulnerability to hardware faults
3. Register faults
4. The Fiat-Shamir identification scheme
     Theorem 4.1
     4.1 A modification of the Fiat-Shamir scheme
5. Attacking Schnoor's identification scheme
     Theorem 5.1
6. Breaking other implementations of RSA
     Theorem 6.1
7. Protecting against an attack based on hardware faults
8. Summary
Registration is required for access. Two formats are available: Acrobat PDF (112kb) and Postscript PS (86kb).
Before registration, there is a brief "context" at:
     Here's the first two paragraphs:
Context for "On the Importance of Checking Computations"
"On the Importance of Checking Computations" describes a fault-based method for breaking various cryptographic algorithms and exposes the degree to which computing faults can compromise information security. Once the authors -- Richard DeMillo, Dan Boneh and Richard Lipton -- articulated and proved their conceptual breakthrough, they realized that it might be successful in a wide variety of application
scenarios. Fault-based attacks potentially endanger many network security products and systems. The paper
summarizes the proof for the basic attack. Proof for fault-based cryptanalysis builds on the premise that an adversary can observe a faulty computation that occurs during cryptographic transactions. The faults that are exploited can occur at various sublevels within the logic level of a computing device -- that is, in the switching circuitry where arithmetic operations are performed or in the register transfer area where temporary values are stored in memory. The likelihood of faults occurring is not discussed in the paper. [Snip balance of Context]

@_date: 1996-09-02 02:07:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Beta Scam 
Beware Geeks bearing gifts  The Internet is well known as a pioneer when it comes to technology. Less
noticed is its role  on the cutting edge of management fashion. Nowadays, it is fashionable for
firms to  "outsource" product development to just about everybody. Leading Internet
firms have  developed this method a stage further: they have found an outside supplier
so keen to tender  his services that he is sometimes willing to pay for the privilege. The
name of this fool? The  consumer. [More on beta-scamming at the URL.]

@_date: 1996-09-03 10:03:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FWD: Another try to kill democracy 
before  ---------    Postmodern Terrorism    Since 1900, terrorists' motivation, strategy, and weapons    have changed to some extent. The anarchists and the    left-wing terrorist groups that succeeded them, down    through the Red Armies that operated in Germany, Italy,    and Japan in the 1970s, have vanished; if anything, the    initiative has passed to the extreme right.    Governments and media in other countries do not    wish to offend terrorists by calling them terrorists. The    French and British press would not dream of referring to    their countries' native terrorists by any other name but    call terrorists in other nations militants, activists,    national liberation fighters, or even "gun persons." ---------- For the full 30kb essay see:

@_date: 1996-09-03 16:04:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: POT_hot 
Foreign Affairs, Sep/Oct, Lead Essay:    "Postmodern Terrorism. The terrorism of the future may be    far more destructive than terrorism as we have known it."    An informative survey and pot-heat by Walter Laqueur.       Terrorism's prospects, often overrated by the media,       the public, and some politicians, are improving as its       destructive potential increases. Terrorism has       replaced wars between nations of the 1800s and 1900s.       In the future, terrorists will be individuals or       like-minded people working in very small groups. An       individual may possess the technical competence to       steal, buy, or manufacture the weapons he or she needs       for a terrorist purpose. The ideologies such       individuals and minigroups espouse are likely to be       even more aberrant than those of larger groups. And       terrorists working alone or in very small groups will       be more difficult to detect unless they make a major       mistake or are discovered by accident.       Society has also become vulnerable to a new kind of       terrorism, in which the destructive power of both the       individual terrorist and terrorism as a tactic are       infinitely greater. The advanced societies of today       are more dependent every day on electronic       information. That exposes enormous vital areas of       national life to mischief or sabotage by any computer       hacker, and concerted sabotage could render a country       unable to function.       Why assassinate a politician or indiscriminately kill       people when an attack on electronic switching will       produce far more dramatic and lasting results? If the       new terrorism directs its energies toward information       warfare, its destructive power will be exponentially       greater than any it wielded in the past -- greater       even than it would be with biological and chemical       weapons. The single successful one could claim many       more victims, do more material damage, and unleash far       greater panic than anything the world has yet       experienced.    -----      (30 kb)    POT_hot  (in 2 parts)

@_date: 1996-09-05 08:20:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SG Spy Ring 
Financial Times, September 4, 1996, p. 4.    Singapore looks to superhighway    By James Kynge in Kuala Lumpur    Singapore took another step toward its vision of becoming    an "intelligent island" yesterday, announcing an initiative    to link the city-state's main on-line networks.    Mr Goh Chee Wee, Singapore's minister of state for    communications, said the "internetwork hub" would link    service providers of the Internet, government on-line    networks, commercial networks and some others.    Singapore's move follows an ambitious scheme announced by    neighbour Malaysia last month to launch an "information    superhighway" designed to attract the world's leading    information technology companies to Kuala Lumpur.    The perceived advantage in Singapore's initiative is that    users will be able to access all networks using a single    leased line, rather than the separate lines currently    necessary.    The hub will use a single set of national standards,    meaning inter-operability between networks becomes easier.    Mr Goh said the hub should be up and running by the end of    the year. A mechanism to identify users electronically    would be incorporated into the hub network next year,    paving the way for secure operations such as payments,    banking and confidential correspondence.    The move is part of the Information Technology 2000    masterplan, a scheme which aims to accomplish the sometimes    conflicting aims of exploiting the information superhighway    to its full potential while continuing to insulate    Singaporeans from undesired influences.    From September 15, the city-state will implement its first    big attempt to police cyberspace. From then all Internet    providers must channel more than 120,000 subscribers on the    island through "proxy servers" before they reach the net.    These servers will check every Internet site a subscriber    requests and block access to a about a dozen banned sites    known to display pornography. The government has warned    against material deemed politically subversive or inciting    religious disharmony.    [End]

@_date: 1996-09-06 19:23:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Metcalf and Other Net.Fogies 
Tim's right on the "old fogies." Providing you make the cut off at about
50-55. After that you get retro-infantiles like me (at 61) who have fallen
head over heels for the Internet, and are absolutely fed up with being
"mature-and-responsible" -- that truly sucks, sucks, sucks. Elsewhere in my field (architecture) I get accused by 40-55 year-olds of
trying to brainwash the under-30s. You bet I am, to warn them off the
"mature" assholes who think their warped experience is the best teacher,
when in fact all it teaches is how to be bent out of shape, and how to
project and promote that distortion as the definition of reality. That crippling narrow vision passes at about 50-55 when you realize that
you don't know shit, never did and never will. Every fails, in the end,
well before The End. So what. Laugh, don't go hurt somebody. Yep, self-deception is the certain sign of maturity, get used to it, it's
as unavoidable as the wars mature folks, fearing mortality, wage to kill
the helplessness in themselves. Still, I admire the ingenuity of under-30s and over 55s who can trick the
middling-matures into serving us, keeping us clothed and sheltered -- and
entertained at their pompous fatuities. Don't trust anyone between 30 and 55, especially those nuts with a Solution
for The Problem They've Dreamed Up.

@_date: 1996-09-07 02:38:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Co$ Buys EFF 
The New York Times, September 6, 1996, p. D2.    Behind an Internet Message Service's Close       Pressure From Church of Scientology Is Blamed for the       Shutdown. A Finnish judge says different rules apply to       E-mail.    By Peter H. Lewis    Pressure from the Church of Scientology International was    at least partly responsible for the recent shutdown of a    well-known Internet messaging service based in Helsinki,    according to the Finnish operator of the service.    The service, known by its Internet address, anon.penet.fi,    was used by hundreds of thousands of people worldwide to    send and receive electronic messages without divulging    their true identities. It was the best known of a small,    global network of special computers known as remailers,    whose legitimate users include political dissidents, people    with medical or drug ailments and others who want to    communicate anonymously.    Although previous news accounts had reported that the    service was shut down because of accusations that it was a    primary conduit for child pornography transmitted on the    Internet, police investigators in Helsinki dismissed those    accusations as groundless.    The real reason for terminating the service, according to    its founder and operator, Johan Helsingius, was a recent    Helsinki court ruling that ordered him to reveal the true    name of one of his system's users to the Church of    Scientology. The judge held that under Finland's current    telecommunications laws, Internet electronic mail does not    carry the same privacy protections enjoyed by postal mail    or telephone calls.    The church, which in recent years has been trying to    protect its copyrighted scriptures by trying to block their    dissemination over computer networks, said an unknown    person or persons had used the anon.penet.fi computer to    illegally publish copyrighted church documents on Usenet,    the global electronic bulletin board.    Mr. Helsingius, a 35-year-old computer networking expert,    has not yet revealed the name sought by the Scientologists,    and said he planned to appeal the court ruling. But he said    the court ruling opened the door for future subpoenas    seeking the real names of anon.penet.fi users, and that he    would rather close the system than spend all his time in    court.    Mr. Helsingius has operated anon.penet.fi for more than 3    years, handling over 7,000 messages a day.    "In a sense I've done my pioneer work and it is now up to    others to carry on," Mr. Helsingius said.    Helena Kobrin, a Church of Scientology official, said the    complaint against anon.penet.fi was just one of several    actions the church had taken against the operators of    remailer computers in Europe and the United States. She    said the church has five lawsuits pending in the United    States against remailer operators and users of remailers.    "We have actively been in communication with various    remailers about postings that have gone through their    systems," said Ms. Kobrin, general counsel for the    Religious Technology Center in Los Angeles, which is    responsible for protecting the copyrights and trade secrets    of unpublished Scientology scriptures.    Earlier this year, another remailer, known as hacktic.nl,    in the Netherlands, was shut down under pressure from the    Scientologists.    Unlike many other churches, the Church of Scientology,    founded nearly 40 years ago by the science fiction author    L. Ron Hubbard, regards its gospel as copyrighted material    and a trade secret. Several courts have upheld the validity    of the copyrights.    Foes and critics of the church have used the Internet to    publish the church documents, as well as other documents    the church contends were stolen from its computers.    The Religious Technology Center has also unsuccessfully    attempted to put a stop to the forum on Usenet,     alt.religion.scientology, where many of the copyrighted    documents are published.    A series of recent news articles in The Observer of London    among others had linked the anon.penet.fi computer to    accusations it was a conduit for child pornography.    Mr. Helsingius, who has denied that his system is a conduit    for child pornography, declined to speculate on the motives    of the accusers. The accusations of child pornography first    appeared several days after Mr. Helsingius declined to turn    over to the court the name sought by the Scientologists.    The Observer quoted Toby Tyler, identified as an adviser to    the Federal Bureau of Investigation, as saying    anon.penet.fi was the source for up to 90 percent of the    child pornography on the Internet.    But Richard P. (Toby) Tyler, a sergeant in the San    Bernardino, Calif., County Sheriff's Department who said    his involvement with the F.B.I. was minimal, said he was    misquoted by the newspaper. Mr. Tyler, who has investigated    pornography trafficking in cyberspace, said that most child    pornography on the Internet did not pass through remailers.    He did say, however, that of the small portion that does,    70 percent to 90 percent passes through anon.penet.fi.    "I think that's a shame," Sergeant Tyler said upon learning    that anon.penet.fi was closed. "I personally view its    closing as a loss of freedom. I did not like the abuse of    the remailer for child pornography, but I felt it served a    necessary political purpose in this world."    Ms. Kobrin of the Religious Technology Center said that    despite its legal actions, the Church of Scientology does    not oppose the operation of remailers, which are also known    as anonymous servers.    "We were not opposing the existence of his server," Ms.    Kobrin said. "We have no opposition to there being    anonymity for private, consensual communications. What we    oppose is using anonymous servers for the purpose of    permitting criminal or other unlawful acts. There has to be    responsibility and accountability."    [End]

@_date: 1996-09-07 11:37:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GAM_lin 
8-8-96. Wash Tech:    "Internet Betting Spurs Regulatory Interest."       A new commission to investigate the nation's $40       billion gambling industry will initiate Congress'       latest effort to curb the fast-growing gambling       industry, and may open up additional efforts to       regulate the burgeoning Internet industry.       Extra legislation is not needed to suppress on-line       gambling, said Bernie Horn, National Coalition Against       Legalized Gambling. "If the Justice Department wanted       to, it could make things unbearable for companies       offering on-line gambling from outside the country,"       he said.    -----      (5 kb)    GAM_lin    Thanks to BC.

@_date: 1996-09-07 21:53:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IDC_ard 
9-8-96. NYP Mag:    "The True Terror Is In the Card."       Faced with rising crime, illegal immigration, welfare       fraud and absentee parents, many bureaucrats and members       of Congress insist that the nation would run more       smoothly if we all had counterfeit-proof plastic       identity cards.       Let's be clear that this is a one-way street. Once       having established a requirement to carry photo ID, it       will be difficult if not impossible to reverse.       Don't we realize the dangers of allowing the Government       to establish identity and legitimacy? Isn't it, in fact,       the responsibility of the citizenry to establish the       legitimacy of the Government?    -----      (11 kb)    IDC_ard

@_date: 1996-09-08 00:12:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Lattice Crypto 
The Economist, September 7, 1996, p. 79.    Cryptography: Puzzling secrets    The truly paranoid have but one friend: mathematics.    Nothing (and nobody) else can be as trusted to keep a    secret. To transmit your credit card number, for example,    through an Internet full of thieves, the best way is to    hide it in a mathematical problem so excruciatingly    difficult that no thief could ever crack it, even by    hijacking all the world's computers for the effort.    Devising such problems is the business of cryptographers.    To be useful, the problems must be easy to create as well    as impossible to unravel. Multiplying numbers is very    easy. Taking the result and working out what numbers were    multiplied together to produce it (known as    factorisation) is a lot more difficult. It is not obvious    that 4,294,967,297 is the product of 641 and 6,700,417.    The two smaller numbers in this calculation are prime:    that is, neither can be factorised into two further    smaller numbers. The coding systems generally used by    governments, businesses and software companies such as    Netscape (known as RSA encoding schemes, after Ronald    Rivest, Adi Shamir, and Leonard Adleman, who invented the    idea in 1977), mix a number even huger than 4,294,967,297    into a message, and then churn it in such a way that only    the number's prime factors can undo the mess. The big    number is used to make a "public key" (each user has his    own, but it is available to those who might wish to    communicate with him). The two prime factors compose a    private key, guarded carefully by their owner.    The trouble is that nobody is absolutely sure how safe    this scheme is. At present a public key that was 400    digits long would take existing computers longer than the    age of the universe to crack. But it remains to be proved    in a rigorous mathematical way that no systematic    short-cut exists. Indeed, some types of numbers are easy    to factorise, and RSA schemes must avoid these known    softies. It may yet turn out that, even if factorising is    hard in general (as mathematicians suspect, after    centuries of trying), there is a sneaky way, in the case    of some other types of numbers, to do it quickly.    This would be bad luck if you chose such a number.    Private users may not care much: it is unlikely that    someone who discovered such a loophole would use it for    anything so modest as unscrambling credit card numbers.    But governments, whose secrets are worth a lot more, are    always on the lookout for better cloaks to go with their    daggers. The ultimate cryptographic feat would therefore    be a mathematical proof that all choices of a particular    problem useful in code-making are forever intractable.    Nobody is that clever yet. But Miklos Ajtai, a    mathematician at the IBM Almaden Research Centre in San    Jose, California, has made progress with puzzles called    "lattice reductions". If you pick any such problem using    his guidelines, it is -- unlike a factorisation problem    -- guaranteed to be just as thorny as the most difficult    one imaginable. Since many mathematicians also suspect    that the toughest lattice-reduction problem is almost    impossible to crack, Dr Ajtai's proof, completed in May,    increases the confidence that they would all make good    wrappings for secret messages.    For mathematical aesthetes, lattice problems have more    panache than the dull numerals of factorisation. Instead    of factorising, say, a 200-digit number, a lattice    reduction invites the would-be codebreaker to deduce the    most basic way a pattern repeats itself in a piece of    200-dimensional decorative wallpaper. This is every bit    as hard as it sounds.    To describe a repeating pattern of rows and columns of    flowers on an ordinary piece of wallpaper, two "arrows"    suffice. Each points from one flower to a nearby one. If    you start with a wall which is blank, except for one    flower, you can reconstruct the entire design with the    arrows: lay the ends of the arrows on the flower and draw    new flowers (with new arrows) at each arrowtip. Repeat    the process with the new flowers and the wall will    eventually be full.    Although the obvious pair of arrows to choose in this    case would be at right angles to each other (eg, pointing    north and east) other pairs would also work: for example    north-east and east. But in this case the "north-east"    arrow would have to be longer to reach the centre of the    next flower than the "east" one. The puzzle is to find    the shortest set of arrows that can be used to replicate    the pattern -- easy in two or three dimensions, but    achingly complex in the higher-dimensional spaces that    the imaginations of mathematicians inhabit. By the time    the pattern has 200 dimensions, today's fastest computers    would be unable to find the 200 smallest arrows    describing an arbitrary pattern before the sun ran out of    fuel. Yet, as with two prime numbers, it is easy to begin    with those arrows and produce the design.    But how do you hide a secret message, accessible only    with a private key, in a publicly available lattice?    Shafi Goldwasser, Oded Goldreich and Shai Halevi, of the    Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the Weizmann    Institute, in Israel, have just proposed a way. In order    to encode a line of digits, they first interpret them as    coordinates for a point in the lattice. Then they mix up    the numbers by nudging that point a tiny random amount    into the empty space between lattice points. To retrieve    the original number, an eavesdropper would need to find    the way back to the nearest lattice point, which is    almost -- but not quite equivalent to knowing its    shortest arrows.    The trouble with it being not quite equivalent is that    the encoding scheme changes the problem slightly --    enough for it to fall just outside the range of Dr    Ajtai's proof that any instance of his lattice scheme is    as hard to solve as the most difficult one.    There is hope that the proof can be extended to include    the encryption scheme, or that the scheme can be modified    to fit the proof. But a proof that nobody could ever    invent a quick method to solve the toughest lattice    reduction would be nicer still -- except that its    inventor would put fellow code-breakers out of work. A    cryptographer who invented such a system might well be    tempted to keep it secret.    [Graphic of wallpaper omitted]    [End]

@_date: 1996-09-08 01:45:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ASP_oil 
9-7-96. FiTi:    "Indian herb trick turns water into kerosene."       A young, unemployed south Indian has flummoxed India's       top government scientists by demonstrating an apparently       simple recipe for producing a kerosene-like fuel by       boiling a "mystery" herb in water: prospectively, he       hopes, revolutionising the world energy industry.       "We have no doubt we are sitting on something very big,"       said Mr Valangiman Ramamurthi, India's top science       bureaucrat. Watching scientists professed little idea       how or why the process worked, but said it conclusively       produced "a clear oil separation in substantial       quantities" which tests have identified as a hydrocarbon       similar to kerosene. "Its properties make it better than       petrol," said one. "Apparently the herb can grow widely       in all types of soil -- it is very exciting."    9-7-96. WaPo:    "More in the Pipeline."       In the 1970s fear gripped the Western world that Earth       was running out of oil. Since then, vast new reserves       have been discovered that can be extracted with current       technology. The known crude oil reserve now amounts to       one trillion barrels -- enough for 45 to 50 years at       current world production rates, and estimated reserves       are at least one trillion barrels more.    -----      (6 kb for 2)    ASP_oil

@_date: 1996-09-08 02:31:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USF_avv   MS's Martha Stewart 
For MSerfs and groupies: A NYC local rag has a salacious article, "Microsoft's own Martha Stewart,"
on Michael Goff, the newly appointed editor of Cityscape, MS's upcoming
urban-slurp-fuck-and-vomit vanity. Excerpts: The key to why Bill Gates hired Mr. Goff may lie in the fact that Mr. Goff
is a marketing maniac, a self-confessed "media whore." "He became more of an egotistical asshole overnight than anyone I'd ever
seen when the magazine [Out] came out," said one prominent gay journalist
and acquaintance. Mr. Goff is indeed a family man, of sorts: He confirmed that he is
considering donating his services to two lesbian friends who want to raise
their own child. He bristled at being pigeonholed for being gay, rather than being
recognized for his creativity. "It has nothing to do with me being gay or
not," he said. "I've always been focused on doing mass consumer media."
Besides, he added, "They're not paying me like that. I don't have a jet or
anything." -----

@_date: 1996-09-09 09:50:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cypherpunks subscribers - Singapore and NZ gvts, plus IRS 
Tim May, among others, often reminds that the list is wide open to all
comers, from whatever domain. I'm happy to see the diverse range of
domains, especially those I snoop for good alt.sex.bestiality pix, er,
classified data. The sg, gov and mil sites offer best of show sexual defectives. Beloved IRS is still a bit touchy about snooping its vast sewer of
exon-oddities, though, so don't leave a mess when you've finished ogling
Tim's.

@_date: 1996-09-10 10:39:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Num Mum, Hmm 
The Washington Post, September 9, 1996, p. A2.    Computers: Number Crunchers' 1 and Only    It's big. It's beautiful. And it's prime. Computer    scientists at Cray Research have discovered the largest    known prime number. A prime number, for those of us who    have forgotten grade school mathematics, can only be    divided by itself and by 1. Smaller primes include 2, 3, 5,    7 and 11. The new one, 2^1257787-1, is a bit bigger.    Printed out, the 378,632 digit number would take up 12    newspaper pages. "We're pretty confident that this is the    largest known prime number," said researcher Paul Gage.    There are an infinite number of primes but they are    extremely difficult to find. The newly discovered prime    number is of a type known a "Mersenne" prime, named for a    17th century French monk and mathematician. It is easier to    prove the prime-ness of Mersenne numbers than other primes,    thanks to complex mathematical software.    Cray runs the prime-testing program to search for bugs in    its new supercomputers. Gage said the discovery of the    prime was a happy byproduct of the process. The new number    was discovered during a six-hour run testing a new Cray T94    system.    Prime numbers are useful in the field of cryptography,    where they are used to help construct virtually unbreakable    codes. The new prime is far larger than those commonly    used. Said Gage, "A cryptographer interested in numbers    this big wouldn't be talking about it."    -- John Schwartz    [End]

@_date: 1996-09-11 07:11:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Ban CU Secrecy, Keep TLA's! 
FiTi, 10 September 1996.    Call to abolish banking secrecy    By William Lewis in Cambridge    The UK government should take a lead and abolish banking    secrecy in its dependent territory offshore centres, a    former legal adviser to MI5 and MI6, the British    intelligence agencies, said yesterday.    Mr David Bickford, the first British intelligence lawyer    to speak publicly in the UK, said at a conference in    Cambridge, 50 miles north-east of London, that there    "appears to be no justification at all for offshore bank    secrecy other than to protect the criminal".    He said "offshore bank secrecy can and must be abolished"    and "the UK should be the first to abolish this secrecy    given their control of their dependent territory offshore    centres".    Mr Bickford, who now runs an international legal    consultancy, said "endemic corruption" is caused by    offshore secrecy, and it is "difficult to see why it is    tolerated by any other than those with an unlawful    disposition".    He said allowing countries to maintain offshore banking    secrecy is "a classic example of the corruptive influence    of organised crime".    Mr Bickford added that the "justification is put forward    at all is an example of the overwhelming subversive    corruptive influence of organised crime which has managed    to magic a seemingly acceptable position out of the sheer    weight of its financial proceeds from narcotics, fraud,    extortion and other criminal enterprise".    Mr Raymond Kendall, secretary general of Interpol told    the 14th International Symposium on Economic Crime that    governments should commit more resources and step up    co-operation to tackle the growing problem of    international corruption.    [End]

@_date: 1996-09-11 07:31:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PIN_hed 
9-9-96. BuWi:    "Pinkerton and SAIC establish alliance to offer security    solutions against high-tech gangs, cybercriminals"       "Pinkerton's gumshoes with SAIC's spooks represent a       unique resource for clients who must hide from the USG       high-value, mission-critical assets," said Denis       Brown, PKT prez. Bob Beyster, SAIC czar, said, "Our       ex-TLAs are available around the clock to jigger-jive       clients freaked by TLA-stories of computer hackers,       criminals and insiders." PKT bill-pads more than       45,000 and SAIC 22,000; both underpay perps and taxes.    "NCSA: policeman on the internet beat."       NCSA employs a number of ex-law enforcement officers       who try to infiltrate hacker networks and solve       problems before they start. "We track hackers by going       underground to their sites," Tippett said. "We pretend       to be their friends, but they fuck with our heads."    "Hi/fn Integrates Encryption With Data Compression For    Efficient, Secure Networking."       MUM 1.0 provides a processor independent software       implementation of industry standard DES and Triple DES       data encryption, HMAC-SHA, HMAC-MD5 keyed hash       functions, and LZS(r) and MPPC (Microsoft Point to       Point Compression) compression for Internet, intranet       and client-server networks.    -----      (14 kb for 3)    PIN_hed

@_date: 1996-09-11 09:17:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: QDY_nam 
Science, 30 August 1996:    "Enforcing Coherent Evolution in Dissipative Quantum    Dynamics"    Cirac, Pellizzari, Zoller       [Precis] The major obstacle to the preparation and       manipulation of many-particle entangled states is       decoherence due to the coupling of the system to the       environment. A scheme to correct for the effects of       decoherence and enforce coherent evolution in the       system dynamics is described and illustrated for the       particular case of the ion-trap quantum computer.    The preparation and manipulation of N-particle entangled    states is fundamental to the investigation of basic    aspects of quantum mechanics and is the basis of    applications such as quantum computation, teleportation,    cryptography. and spectroscopy.    The error correction schemes proposed so far have focused    on preserving a given entangled state (memory errors). We    introduce a method to correct for the effects of    decoherence in the dynamical proccss of preparation and    modification of entangled states (gate errors). We    illustrate our scheme in the context of the ion-trap QC.    -----    This 4-page paper is packed with equations. We will scan    to JPEG for those without access to Science. Send us a    blank message with the subject:  QDY_nam    We have to enlarge the fine-print originals to make    readable images, usually in the 150kb range. Does anyone    know of a program to do text and equations for easy-    reading, easy access to a Web site?

@_date: 1996-09-13 04:50:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: XPA_nix 
WSJ and WaPo have reports on Panix-jamming by info-request bombardment, and
Bell Labs security expert Bill Cheswick's attempt to solve it. Cheswick opines,"This is the first major attack of a kind that I believe to
be the final Internet security problem." -----

@_date: 1996-09-14 01:18:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 260_0it 
9-13-96. WaJo:    "Magazine's Recipes For Hackers' Havoc: Warning or Weapon?"       Whoever attacked Panix could have found guide in latest       issue of 2600. 2600's editor defends the article as a       way to point out holes in computer security that need to       be fixed. He says similar attacks have occurred before,       and that he's not even sure the hacker who attacked       Panix used 2600 as a guide, since an on-line publication       recently published similar directions.    "Internet Censorship in China, Singapore May Affect    Law-Abiding Citizens Most"       For the underground dissident or hardcore pornography       enthusiast, the latest moves in Asia to censor the       Internet pose little challenge. The greatest effect will       be on normal, law-abiding citizens, experts say.    FiTi: "Intelligent machines will take control of our lives"       Before long, every vehicle will be fitted with a GPS       receiver, making its position known to local area       traffic management systems. In the home, a financial and       stock control system would automatically order food and       groceries when necessary. Intelligent machines might       "decide" that it would be more efficient not to order       any more food - and shut you out of the house.       "It's more or less inevitable. Business and science will       drive this to the utmost."    -----      (10 kb for 3)    260_0it

@_date: 1996-09-15 01:50:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EGO_war 
9-13-96. FiTi:    "On manoeuvres in the modern military mind."       The most interesting challenge is psychological.       Participants learn the hard way that they cannot simply       command. They must persuade, cajole and win over       subordinates, allies and politicians, who may have       varying agendas. While lower level command requires       physical courage and speed of decision, higher commmand       involves moral courage, intellectual vision and       perseverance.       "Politicians are being pressed by interest groups on all       sides, while the military will usually only focus on       their aspect of the task. The collision of those two       sets of values can be quite a shock."       The more subtle message from the historians is the       lethal potential of petty jealousies, warring ambitions       and clashing egos.    -----      (16 kb)    EGO_war

@_date: 1996-09-15 02:53:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MTH_ead 
9-14-96. WaPo:    "Empty-Head Network Fails to Link TWA Crash to Terrorism."       The frantic overseas intelligence-gathering effort,       which has included eavesdropping, use of informants and       offers of large cash payments for leads, has been       undertaken by the CIA, the NSA and the DEA, as well as       a number of foreign investigative agencies. The NRO has       analyzed voluminous archives of intelligence drawn from       spy satellites, intercepted phone calls and electronic       eavesdrops gathered before the crash.       Since right after the TWA crash, the NSA started       monitoring phone conversations of people believed to       have ties to terrorists groups, as well as trying to       track the movements of suspected terrorists. The CIA,       working through its sources, has been offering money for       leads on any kind of terrorist role. The DEA has been       using overseas agents to gather intelligence; the FBI       liaisons stationed in 23 countries are working to gather       intelligence on the crash; and Scotland Yard and the       Mossad are also empty-handed (not Red-handed -- yet).    -----      (10 kb)    MTH_ead

@_date: 1996-09-15 10:46:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FLO_odd 
2600, Summer, 1996 Flood Warning by Jason Fairlane This program scans a host to determine which ports are open,  or listening for connections. Once a list of receiving ports  has been compiled, the program then floods each of them with the specified number of SYN packets. Don't use this software without permission. I'm serious. It's  very very very bad. This is probably one of the worst forms  of Denial-Of-Service attacks there is. No one will be able  to connect to your target's machine. It's bad. [Code follows.] -----   (12 kb) FLO_odd Thanks to XX.

@_date: 1996-09-15 13:06:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FLO_odd 
go to  ---------- Heed Perry: here's the author's warning at the commencement of code:  * ARE PROVIDED FOR THE CODE CONTAINED HEREIN.  IT IS MERELY  * A DEMONSTRATION OF THE POSSIBLE DESTRUCTIVE USE OF IP  * SPOOFING TECHNIQUES.  THE AUTHOR CLAIMS NO RESPONSIBILITY  * FOR ITS USE OR MISUSE.  - JF (3/8/96)  */

@_date: 1996-09-16 12:05:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Pipeline Up 
Cancel that poop about Pipeline being down. Seems only NYC is down. Access
is OK through PSInet. jyy at gnn.com is for top secret black SIGINT only, okay?

@_date: 1996-09-16 12:25:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Living and the Dead 
For the vets unable to sleep:    The Washington Post has two heart-breaking pieces today    on a new book about Vietnam, "The Living and the Dead:    Robert McNamara and Five Lives," by Paul Hendrickson.    The book tracks the disaster being formulated in 1965 by    DC top-down policy interleaved with savagery to five    grunts in bloody battle.    There's a laudatory review of the grim book, and a long    magazine piece gives an excerpt which includes some of    Life's photos of a Marine copter gunner's transition from    happy-go-lucky, to butchery of buddies, to grief-stricken    collapse. It reawakens what's never forgot.    That April, 1965, Life photo-essay, "One Ride With Yankee    Papa 13," turned up in a sidewalk stall today so we'll    put 18 photos on our Web page for a glimpse back to the    future of power-mad policy begetting slaughter.        through

@_date: 1996-09-16 23:52:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IBM_gak 
9-15-96. PcWe:    "IBM Boosts Encryption Initiative "       IBM security initiatives next month will include a       new way to build encryption into software and       technology that could enable U.S. companies to export       products with strong encryption algorithms. IBM also       will introduce several "key-recovery" technologies       that could enable businesses to satisfy the       requirement imposed by the U.S. government that it be       able to access encrypted data on demand. IBM is       attempting to garner industry support for the new       key-recovery technology and is expected to license the       technology to Netscape and Sun.    9-13-96. BuWi:    "Revolutionary Intranet security product to be    demonstrated at Interop DotCom "       DSN's NetFortress fully automates hardware-based       authentication, encryption and key exchange into a       plug and play solution. It completely eliminates the       possibility of IP spoofing, eavesdropping and       break-ins. "After installing it, I couldn't even tell       which service a given packet was from - everything but       the packet header itself was rendered undecipherable       as it traversed the Internet." DSN Technology was       founded by Dr. Aharon Friedman and Andy Savas.    -----      (6 kb for 2)    IBM_gak

@_date: 1996-09-20 00:36:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SAB_tag 
9-19-96. NYP:    "New Method of Internet Sabotage Is Spreading." Markoff.       Sabotage reported by Panix is spreading and has now       occurred at least a dozen other World Wide Web sites       around the nation. Officials concede that there is no       easy defense against the attack. One said. "I think this       is sick, but I guess that is what these guys do."    "Regulators Turn Spotlight on Cybermoney."       As concerns grow about electronic money laundering,       cybercounterfeiting and bank runs on the Internet,       regulators around the world are scurrying to catch up       with the rapid development of electronic money. The US       plans to announce today two initiatives intended to       grapple with the new technology, and in another move,        G-7 will examine the international cooperation needed as       money moves through the borderless world of the       Internet.    -----      (14 kb for 2)    SAB_tag ---------- Pipeline is sluggish due to transition to Mindspring operation. Responses
may be slow or never. Try again after 2000, or forget about it, go Luddite.

@_date: 1996-09-21 00:14:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: REJ_ect 
9-20-96. NYP Page One:    "Cellular Industry Rejects U.S. Plan for Surveillance.    Police Want Technology That Pinpoints Wireless Users Within    a Half-Second." Markoff.       The wireless communications industry voted yesterday to       reject Government-backed technology that would make it       possible for law enforcement agencies to keep closer       tabs on cellular phone users. DoJ wants to be able for       the first time to determine the location of a cellular       phone caller within a half-second and almost instantly       monitor the status of cellular-phone voice mail,       conference calls and other wireless communications       features.       Yesterday's vote by a subcommittee of a network       operators and manufacturers group called the       Telecommunications Industry Association, came in       response to a technical document the F.B.I. has been       quietly circulating to industry executives since April.       Known as the Electronic Surveillance Interface, the       document specifies what wireless communications       monitoring data must be accessible to law enforcement       officials with a court warrant.    -----      (8 kb)    REJ_ect

@_date: 1996-09-21 02:59:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Free E-Cash 
WSJ, September 20, 1996, p. A16.    Fed Chief to U.S: Back Off On Electronic-Cash Rules    Washington -- Regulators should stay out of the way and let    the market for electronic money develop without government    meddling, said Alan Greenspan, chairman of the Federal    Reserve Board.    "The private sector will need the freedom to experiment    without broad interference from the government," he told a    government conference on electronic cash yesterday. Too    much interference could impede innovation, he said.    Bank debit cards, along with other forms of electronic    payments, "account for a very small percentage of    transactions," he said. "Even the use of popular credit    cards has only recently begun to challenge paper's    dominance."    [End]

@_date: 1996-09-21 19:57:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: G48_bul 
CIAC has issued Bulletin G-48 on the denial-of-service     attacks by TCP SYN flooding and IP spoofing.       Two "underground magazines" for intruders have       recently published code to conduct denial-of-service       attacks by creating TCP "half open" connections. Any       system connected to the Internet and providing       TCP-based network services such as a Web server, FTP       server, or mail server is potentially subject to this       attack. Systems providing TCP-based services to the       Internet community may be unable to provide those       services while under attack and for some time after       the attack ceases. See the bulletin below for       information on how to protect your site from these       attacks.    -----      (15 kb)    G48_bul

@_date: 1996-09-22 10:49:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USA_exe   (Kiddie porn on the Internet) 
and  which  they're  see  would  within  Jim's makes a good, if gruesome, point here, about the vicious realities of
do-or-die AP, by even our own apple pie government. The Washington Post reports at length today on the Defense Department's
disclosure yesterday of heretofore classified trainging manuals used in the
School of the Americas to instruct Latino troops on killing a wide range of
civilians for political purposes. To read "Army Instructed Latins On Executions, Torture," about your tax
dollars working the AP angle:  USA_exe

@_date: 1996-09-22 10:51:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USA_exe  (Kiddie porn on the Net) 
and   which   they're   see   would   within   -------- Jim's makes a good, if gruesome, point here, about the vicious realities of
do-or-die AP, by even our own apple pie government.   The Washington Post reports at length today on the Defense Department's
disclosure yesterday of heretofore classified trainging manuals used in the
School of the Americas to instruct Latino troops on killing a wide range of
civilians for political purposes.  To read "Army Instructed Latins On Executions, Torture," about your tax
dollars working the AP angle:    USA_exe

@_date: 1996-09-23 01:22:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WEB_spy 
9-22-96. WaPo:    "In California, Creating a Web of the Past"       Brewster Kahle's massive data-collection devices and       programmed computers are surfing and saving everything       they can find on the global computer network. At the end       of this year that then will be updated as fast as his       computers can do their vacuum cleaning, likely every few       months.        But the project also has piqued the interest of privacy       rights advocates and copyright lawyers, who question how       the archive will use its data. "I'm dealing with every       single intellectual property issue out there," Kahle       said. "Privacy, copyright, pornography, import-export --       we've got it all."       He is forming a for-profit venture that will sell the       Web searching and storing technology developed at the       archives. Researchers from AT&T Corp. and Xerox Corp.       have asked to study the archive.    -----      (7 kb)    WEB_spy

@_date: 1996-09-24 05:33:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PKI_gak 
9-21-96. MiPa:    System and method for centralized session key    distribution, privacy enhanced messaging and information    distribution using a split private key public    cryptosystem (Assignee -- Bell Atlantic Network Services,    Inc.)     The method and system also provide for authorized    wiretapping, video and data distribution and private    enhanced messaging (PEM).    -----      (4 kb)    PKI_gak

@_date: 1996-09-24 05:45:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TAG_ent 
09-21-96, MiPa:    Trusted agents for open electronic commerce (Assignee --    Citibank, N.A.)    Abstract: A system for open electronic commerce having a    customer trusted agent securely communicating with a    first money module, and a merchant trusted agent securely    communicating with a second money module. Both trusted    agents are capable of establishing a first    cryptographically secure session, and both money modules    are capable of establishing a second cryptographically    secure session.    -----      (3 kb)    TAG_ent ---------    Reuters, 9-19-96 -- It will be 50 to 70 years before the    majority of people do their business electronically,    Citicorp Chairman John Reed told a conference on    electronic money and banking. Issues related to privacy    and security must be resolved for electronic banking to    take off. Citicorp currently considers the Internet    off-limits as a place to offer banking products until the    security issues are solved, he said. "The Internet is    fundamentally flawed in that regard right now," Reed    said. "At this moment in time at least, we at Citicorp    would feel very uncomfortable accommodating any    transactions on the Internet," he said.

@_date: 1996-09-24 05:54:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SAK_net 
9-23-96. WaJo:    "SAIC Is Near Agreement to Buy Bellcore"       Bellcore led a team that cracked RSA-129, a computer       code once thought uncrackable, proving the vulnerability       of such systems. It holds hundreds of patents governing       numerous aspects of the U.S. infrastructure.       SAIC specializes in systems integration, national       security, transportation and health care. SAIC is       expected to tap into Bellcore's considerable software       talent as it continues to pursue new contracts.       Bellcore boasts network expertise that is second to       none. Bellcore also helps companies recover from network       failures, and its experts are widely regarded as masters       at foiling computer viruses and at the intricacies of       technical standards. Those talents will no doubt add       value to SAIC's considerable technical assets and       expertise.    -----      (7 kb)    SAK_net

@_date: 1996-09-24 11:05:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SAK_net 
Yes. This is part of the Administration's plan for government and industry
cooperation to provide a secure information infrastructure for beneficial
commerce and education and well-being of the commonweal, as well as joyful,
healthy and even-tempered computer-addicted families in beautiful
cyber-communities, even a tad of on-line virtual racial and gender justice,
not counting assurance of a bountiful food and flowing spirits and languid
afternoons of concupiscence and gluttony, overwatched by faith in a
SupremeOrderliness, all arrayed along clean-wiped, info-streets and
never-sweat GAK-global policies, just quiet, timely and comfortable
transportation across speedbumpless borders, and, for the eyes and ears,
lots of time left over for staring at the landscape rushing by and enjoying
Tesh and Streisand and Julio and Jane's Addiction. Al Gore's office promised straight-jacketly.

@_date: 1996-09-25 07:27:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ICI_96x 
A fax appeared of the International Cryptography Institute, 1996, October
25-26, in DC. Here are excerpts:    _________________________________________________________    What are the different national policies and regulations    governing cryptography and how might these evolve?    What cryptography technologies are on the market in     different countries, what is being used, and for what     purpose?    What problems is cryptography causing law enforcement?    What are the requirements of business and other    organizations?    What are the new trends in cryptography and what will be    their impact on society?    What efforts are leading toward an international    cryptography framework?    _________________________________________________________    Sample sessions:    The International Cryptography Experiment    Export controls on Encryption Software    Cryptography: Recent Developments in the EU    Towards an Australian Policy on Encryption    New Russian Encryption Policies and Regulations    International Regulation of Cryptography: Update    U.S. Government Cryptography Policy    Law Enforcement Requirements for Encryption    Transnational Key Escrow    Commercial and International Key Escrow    Digital Cash    _________________________________________________________    Some of 38 "Invited Faculty"    Dr. Dorothy Denning, Georgetown University    Mr. John Droge, Mykotronix    Mr. Louis. J. Freeh, Director, FBI    Mr. Michael Gilmore, FBI    Mr. David Kahn, Author, NSA    Dr. Kwok-Yeo Lam, National University of Singapore    Dr. Anatoly N. Lebedev, LAN Crypto, Ltd.    Mr. Ronald Lee, General Counsel, NSA    Mr. Yves LeRoux, Digital Equipment    Mr. Nick Mansfield, Shell International Petroleum    Mr. Michael Nelson, White House Office STP    Dr. Jean-Jacques Quisquatier, University of Louvain    Mr. John Young, National Computer Board [Nope]    -----        ICI_96x

@_date: 1996-09-26 02:37:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PEA_nut 
9-25-96. WaJo reports on yesterday's suit challenging Georgia's crackerdown
on the Internet, including its prohibition of anonymity. Ms. Dyson avidly
supports anon, it lies. ---------  PEA_nut

@_date: 1996-09-26 04:13:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Esther Dyson and anonymity 
You're right, I was too mindlessly rantish about Esther Dyson's WSJ
comments. However, I bought Esther a bottle of champagne in NYC a few days ago, sent
it to her table signed "An Admiring Cypherpunk."  She came over to say
hello, and we chatted a a bit about her recent messages on Cypherpunks,
which I complimented her for posting. She still doesn't know my name, I said I was "Anonymous." She grinned and
staggered away. The champagne brought her over to the side of Anonymous, that's it. AYA

@_date: 1996-09-26 07:46:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Mitsubishi MISTY LSI 
Nikkei English News, 24 September 1996.    Mitsubishi unveils Japan's fastest encryption chip     Mitsubishi Electric Corp. said it has developed an LSI    that can encrypt data at a speed of 450 megabits per    second, which is four times faster than any other    encryption chip developed in Japan and brings domestic    technology in line with DES, the U.S.-developed    encryption system that has become the standard in the    U.S. and Europe.    Because the chip performs the same as DES, Mitsubishi    will promote it as a domestic product for encryption    needs in Japan, with an eye on the growing market for    corporate intranets and high-speed data communications.    It said it will prepare for volume production during this    year.    The company fabricated the chip as a gate array using a    0.5 micron CMOS process and its own proprietary    encryption algorithm MISTY. Operating at a maximum    input/output speed of 40 megahertz, the chip can handle    32 bits per clock cycle.    [End]

@_date: 1996-09-26 23:09:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FLA_wed 
9-26-96. NYP:    "Potential Flaw In Cash Card Security Seen. Counterfeiting    a Risk, Say Bellcore Scientists." Markoff.       A potential security flaw has been discovered that might       make it possible to counterfeit many types of the       electronic-cash "smart cards" that are now widely used       in Europe and are being tested in this country, reports       a paper set to be released today.       The Bellcore researchers said that a smart card's       security could be breached by forcing the microchip in       the card to make a calculation error, whether through       sophisticated means like bombarding the card with       radiation or perhaps cruder methods like placing it in       a microwave oven. A mathematical formula they derived       could use this error to extrapolate the secret data that       authenticates the card when it is used.    -----      (6 kb)    FLA_wed

@_date: 1996-09-27 12:23:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NISSC 
The National Information Systems Security Conference in Baltimore on
October 22-25 is bountifully described at:       Section No. 10, Solutions, will interest those who want a peek at what the
Puzzle Palace gang is up to. The other nine sessions cover everything the info-sec gov-biz wants to do
to make the infoworld safe from everyone except them.

@_date: 1996-09-27 13:03:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CWD--Wiretap In the Night 
Adding to the CWD wiretap alarm by Brock and Declan:    The Washington Post, September 26, 1996, p. A30.    Wiretaps and Money Bills [Editorial]    Legislators who have pet projects but not enough support to    get them passed have a way of turning desperate during the    closing days of the congressional session. Their thoughts    turn ineluctably to unrelated appropriations bills. Only    last week, Rep. Frank Wolf used the transportation funding    bill as a vehicle for usurping the courts' role in a    specific domestic relations dispute. Now senators working    on the Commerce, State and Justice appropriations bill have    slipped in provisions relating to wiretaps that have been    before the Congress for 18 months but have not been    adopted. The law should not be changed by means of these    stealthy riders.    One of the substantive changes in the criminal laws ordered    by the money committee, for example, would make it easier    to obtain court orders authorizing "roving" wiretaps. This    would permit putting taps on any phone a suspect might use    -- including unspecified public phones -- without    requiring, as the law now does, that the government show    that the suspect is attempting to thwart a home or office    tap by repeatedly changing phones. This may or may not be    reasonable, but Congress considered and rejected it earlier    this year. It shouldn't be shoved through on an    appropriations bill.    The committee bill also increased the number of crimes for    which a wiretap can be issued, adding a list of new,    relatively imprecise offenses related to terrorism such as    "providing material support to terrorists" and "terrorist    acts transcending national borders." Taps already are    allowed for just about every major crime in which a    terrorist might engage, including bombing, arson, murder,    kidnapping, extortion, espionage, sabotage, treason,    hostage-taking and the destruction of trains ships,    aircraft and aircraft facilities. What, then, is the reason    for adding these new elastic terms, which could include far    less serious offenses that someone thinks might be linked    to terrorism? The committees that dealt with the subject in    April did not see fit to do so. Why now has the    Appropriations Committee intervened?    The competing values of security and privacy rights require    a much better sorting out. It's best done by people who    have had the benefit of relevant testimony and experience.    The appropriations committees are the wrong setting to deal    with such questions, which should not be presented in a    take-it-or-leave-it package with the government's continued    operation at stake.    [End]

@_date: 1996-09-28 01:24:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: HBO_ped  Phill's AP Op-Ed 
9-27-96. NYP:    "Unnoticed but Deadly, the I.R.A.'s Secret 'Sleeper' "       Members of a counterterrorism force stormed the building       where Mr. O'Neill lived, threw tear-gas canisters into       his second-floor back apartment and shot him six times       as he stood in the doorway. The police said Mr. O'Neill       made a threatening gesture at them, but he was later       found to have been unarmed. An intelligence officer       said, "The sleeper is totally committed, aware of all       the surveillance techniques and our ability to penetrate       the organization. He knows when to keep his mouth shut.       He stays as anonymous as possible."    "South African Links Top Spy To the Slaying Of Olof Palme"       The commander of a police hit squad testified today that       the assassination, by a lone gunman who shot Mr. Palme       in the back of the head, had been the work of Operation       Long Reach, a secret apartheid-era program intended to       harass, silence and gather information about opponents       of South Africa's white-led Government abroad. "It was       one of Craig Williamson's Operation Long Reach       projects," he said.       Officially, Mr. Williamson left the police department in       1985, ostensibly to go into business with an Italian       millionaire operating from the Seychelles. In reality,       he then started Long Reach, a company that did some       legitimate international security work, but which was       largely created to give him the cover to do whatever he       pleased around the world.    -----        HBO_ped

@_date: 1996-09-29 22:58:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PET_ard 
Sci, 20 Sept 1996:    "Redefining the Supercomputer"       The word is petaflops, computer jargon for 1000       trillion computations per second. Think of it as a       year's labor for a powerful workstation compressed       into 30 seconds. Think of it, also, as 1000 times the       speed of the current computing benchmark, a trillion       operations a second --  teraflops -- which is on the       verge of becoming a reality at Sandia National       Laboratories after 5 years of effort. Now the federal       government's high-performance computing program is       aiming for a petaflops, and researchers are exploring       new technologies, sketching new architectures, and       pondering the software challenge of harnessing this       staggering computational power.       The NSA is a petaflops enthusiast, says a researcher,       but "we're not allowed to think about their       applications."    -----      (20 kb)    PET_ard

@_date: 1996-10-01 02:07:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ADJ_ust 
9-30-96. NYP:    "National Security Experts Plan for Wars Whose Targets and    Weapons Are All Digital."       Is the threat real, or is this just another way to win       scarce funds?       Military and intelligence officials believe that enemy       nations, terrorists and criminal groups either already       have the capability to mount information warfare strikes       or soon will. Criminals are quickly progressing beyond       the vandalism and petty theft associated with teen-aged       hackers and into robbery and extortion schemes ranging       up to millions of dollars, corporate executives and       private investigators say.       Others reply that the worst threats mentioned are mostly       speculation. "Information warfare is a risk to our       nation's economy and defense," said Martin Libicki, a       senior fellow at the National Defense University. "But       I believe we will find ways to cope with these attacks,       adjust and shake them off, just as we do to natural       disasters like hurricanes."    -----      (14 kb)    ADJ_ust

@_date: 1996-10-01 02:30:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GCHQ releases Venona files (from UK Telegraph) 
If anyone in the UK cares to get the GCHQ Venona releases, we'll be pleased
to  scan them for distribution. Or put them on our Web site. Our fax:  212-799-4003 (US) Vox: 212-873-8700 Or if someone else scans them and needs a Web site, ftp them to:      ftp://jya.com/pub/incoming

@_date: 1996-10-01 13:24:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DIMACS Abstracts 
We offer the ABSTRACTS of the presentations at:    DIMACS Workshop on Trust Management in Networks    September 30 - October 2, 1996    South Plainfield, NJ      (80 kb)    ftp://jya.com/pub/incoming/dimacs.txt    Sorry, no E-mail.    Here are the titles and authors:    _________________________________________________________    Let A Thousand (Ten Thousand?) CAs Reign    Stephen Kent, BBN Corporation    _________________________________________________________    The PolicyMaker Approach to Trust Management    Matt Blaze, Joan Feigenbaum, and Jack Lacy, AT&T    Laboratories    _________________________________________________________    SDSI -- A Simple Distributed Security Infrastructure    Butler Lampson and Ron Rivest, Microsoft and MIT    _________________________________________________________    SPKI Certificates    Carl Ellison, Cybercash    _________________________________________________________    Using PICS Labels for Trust Management    Rohit Khare    _________________________________________________________    Managing Trust in an Information-Labeling System    M. Blaze (1), J. Feigenbaum (1), P. Resnick (1), M.    Strauss (2),    1. AT&T Laboratories    2. AT&T Laboratories and Iowa State University    _________________________________________________________    Trust Management In Web Browsers, Present and Future    Drew Dean, Edward W. Felten, and Dan Wallach, Princeton    University    _________________________________________________________    IBM Cryptolopes, SuperDistribution and Digital Rights    Management    Marc A. Kaplan, IBM    _________________________________________________________    Requirements and Approaches for Electronic Licenses    David Maher, AT&T Laboratories    _________________________________________________________    PathServer    Michael Reiter and Stuart Stubblebine, AT&T Laboratories    _________________________________________________________    Inferno Security    David Presotto, Bell Labs, Lucent Technologies    _________________________________________________________    Transparent Internet E-mail Security    Raph Levien, Lewis McCarthy, and Matt Blaze, AT&T    Laboratories    _________________________________________________________    Cryptographically Secure Digital Time-Stamping to Support    Trust Management    Stuart Haber and Scott Stornetta, Bellcore and Surety    Technologies (respectively)    _________________________________________________________    Untrusted Third Parties: Key Management for the Prudent    Mark Lomas and Bruno Crispo, Cambridge University    _________________________________________________________    Distributed Commerce Transactions: Structuring    Multi-Party Exchanges into Pair-wise Exchanges    Steven Ketchpel and Hector Garcia-Molina, Stanford    University    _________________________________________________________    Policy-Controlled Cryptographic Key Release    Dennis K. Branstad and David A. McGrew, Trusted    Information Systems, Inc.    _________________________________________________________    An X.509v3 Based Public-key Infrastructure for the    Federal Government    William Burr, National Institute of Standards and    Technology    _________________________________________________________    The ICE-TEL Public-Key Infrastructure and Trust Model    David W. Chadwick [1], University of Salford    _________________________________________________________    A Distributed Trust Model    Alfarez Abdul-Rahman and Stephen Hailes, University    College, London    _________________________________________________________    On Multiple Statements from Trusted Sources    Raphael Yahalom, Hebrew University and MIT    _________________________________________________________    Off-line Delegation in a Distributed File Repository    Arne Helme and Tage Stabell-Kulo, University of Twente    and University of Troms    _________________________________________________________    Operational Tradeoffs of Aggregating Attributes in    Digital Certificates    Ian Simpson, Carnegie Mellon University    _________________________________________________________    Trust Management for Mobile Agents    William M. Farmer, Joshua D. Guttman, and Vipin Swarup,    MITRE    _________________________________________________________    Trust Management in ERLink    Samuel I. Schaen, Mitre    _________________________________________________________    Linking trust with network reliability    Yvo Desmedt and Mike Burmester, University of Wisconsin    at Milwaukee and Royal Holloway College    _________________________________________________________    Trust Management Under Law-Governed Interaction    Naftaly H. Minsky and Victoria Ungureanu, Rutgers    University    _________________________________________________________    Tools for Security Policy Definition and Implementation    P. Humenn, BlackWatch Technology, Inc.    _________________________________________________________      (80 kb)    ftp://jya.com/pub/incoming/dimacs.txt    Sorry, no E-mail of this one.

@_date: 1997-04-02 14:10:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Junger v. Secretary of State 
We offer Peter Junger pleadings against the Secretary of State
and the government's responses:
   "This action is brought by a law professor under the First    Amendment challenging United States export laws that he claims    infringe upon his rights to speak and publish encryption software    and other encryption information."
Several prominent cryptographers and NSA officials have provided declarations in connection with the suit.

@_date: 1997-04-03 03:43:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Raid on Jim Bell story may actually be real.... 
I spoke with Jim Bell last night at his home in Vancouver, WA,
and he confirmed the story.
He has not been arrested but his equipment has been
confiscated. No e-mail possible until he gets access to
other machinery.
He says he's surprised that it has taken so long for Sam
to respond.
He can be reached at 1-360-696-3911
Now this assumes that the person I spoke to is Jim Bell
and not the USG in AP clothing, and that the entire AP gambit is not a sting.

@_date: 1997-04-03 04:13:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Sabots 
American Banker, April 2, 1997:          Consortium Formed For Data Security      Carlisle, Pa.: The data encryption community has a new      advocacy group: the Cryptography Products Consortium.      Organized under the auspices of the National Computer
     Security Association, the consortium said it aims to "foster
     interoperability and transparency of cryptography products"
     and define and advance the common goals" of vendors and
     system integrators.      The charter members are many of the companies active in
     data security as it relates to electronic banking and
     commerce. They include the smart card manufacturers
     Gemplus and Schlumberger as well as BBN Corp., Cylink
     Corp., Pretty Good Privacy Inc., Rainbow Technologies Inc.,
     RSA Data Security Inc., Sterling Commerce, Trust
     Information Systems Inc., and V-One Corp.

@_date: 1997-04-04 09:37:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cryptographer Hits SNL 
Ex-Sandia Labs cryptographer William Payne has filed criminal charges with Judge Marilyn Patel against an SNL official for unauthorized disclosure of files:

@_date: 1997-04-04 10:49:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Feds reading this list, Jim Bell, and threats 
On Phil Hallam-Baker's rejoinder to Paul Bradley' defense of AP:
Virtually all of Phil's charges against AP apply equally well to
state-sponsored killing in the natonal interest, including that
arranged by highly educated, cultured, philosophical, nuclear physicists and electrical engineers.
That's the issue. Who gets to decide who lives and who dies, and
how close the killer is to the slaughter, unprotected by law, by
public consensus, by popular will, by apologetics for the security
of national interest.
Jim Bell is hardly the first to articulate this challenge to the grand
tradition of the majestic state and its precursors -- the king, the bandit, the tribal bully, the strong -- all sanctioned beasts taking what their trainers want by force, while being excused and celebrated by fey intellectuals and balladeers of all craven submissive dress.
Rushdie, hmm. Phil what mind-swill you elbow-tipping? Is Rushie not
closer to Jim Bell than he is to you in challenging the arrogant mullahs
of highly sophisticated armed thuggery. Who you shillinging for these days, Crispin's bandits of the NLs?

@_date: 1997-04-04 17:13:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell raid 
I asked Jim last night if he wanted any of the documents associated
with the raid published and he said not yet:
That the local papers were publishing selected parts to inflame reader lust. That the feds had set it all in motion with lurid affidavits, with press
invitation, with paraded troops and battle armaments to fit the show
and tell tinhorn war gamers seeking more funding -- tax time at hand.
He seems bemused that his script was followed so dutifully for Act 1. And awaits the next acts, instigated not only by his taunts but by
the national campaign to divert attention from TLA/LEA snafus.
In this spirit, for a truly homicidal, bloodstirring script read the National Defense Authorization Act for 1998:    Now that's Assassination Politics to feed the lust of the best and brightest
of all nations, if not that of a few of the overmuch AP protestors here.
Jim's telephone number: 1-360-686-3911
For a reality check compare Jim  to the world's presidents, parliaments, high-tech industrialists, spies and media infowar gamers trying valiantly to alarm the Disney-narcotized citizenry.

@_date: 1997-04-04 17:46:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bell's Phone Number 
Correction for Jim Bell's telephone number:
It's available via Information, assisted by the original
"James D. Bell, who reportedly lives with his elderly
parents at the home at 7214 Corregidor Road
Vancouver, WA."

@_date: 1997-04-04 17:58:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NDA98 URL 
The correct URL for the National Defense Authorization for FY1998 is:
     (176K)

@_date: 1997-04-04 19:19:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Prior Restraint 
As noted here on April 2, we've put on our Web site several of
the docs of the Peter Junger suit against the Secretary of State:
   One gives parts of Peter's article "Computers and the Law" which includes machine-readable code, code which is prohibited by the EAR from being placed on the Internet without a license (it is this "prior restraint" that Peter is challenging):
   When Peter saw that I had put the article and code on my site,
he telephoned immediately to say that the article should not have been sent to me along with the other material. He asked that it be removed because electronic publication could harm his case and
put me at risk of prosecution.
After discussion I declined to remove it, and thanked him for his Yesterday, Richard Vasvari, one of Peter's three attorneys, called
to politely ask that I remove the doc. And further explained how its electronic publication could harm the case and put me at risk. He said that he had notified Anthony Coppolino, DoJ, that the document was on the Web, as he was obliged to do by procedural rules. That they had discussed the ramifications. He did not say what DoJ intended
to do.
And, that he was obliged as an attorney to advise me to retain an attorney
for my defense against prosecution for placing the doc on the Web.
During this discussion with Mr. Vasvari I checked the access log for the prohibited doc and saw that DoJ had accessed it as well as several other files on me and my org.
I told Mr. Vasvari this and he again advised me to remove the doc. Again,
I declined.
After chewing on this restraint of my publication by the attorneys, I decided to delete only the machine-readable code from Peter's article, leaving the  text which explains why the electronic publication of the code is the crux of Peter's First Amendment case. On the assumption that his prior restraint claim is more important than mine.
Take at look and let me know what you think. Should I have deleted the
code or left it in the public domain where it belongs? Am I right to comply
with the attorneys' first claim on prior restraint?
Meanwhile, anyone worldwide who want the article with the code intact, send me an email for instructions on how to get it.
Use the subject: Restraint

@_date: 1997-04-05 09:51:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Surveillance 
Chief Judge Royce Lamberth of the US Foreign Intelligence
Surveillance Court spoke yesterday at the ABA's National
Security Law gathering. (On C-SPAN).
Points of interest:
Why the court is not involved in domestic surveillance with
the rise of terrorism and militancy in the US: It was considered during the implementation of the recent Anti-Terrorism Act but a decision was made to leave that task to District Courts.
Why the court has denied only a dozen out of 8,000 requests
for surveillance: All are excellently prepared and the judges advise on the few applications that are not to make them He went on to say that numbers do not tell the real story, that
there are a variety of ways orders are issued and continued to
keep an investigation viable and as it evolves. He cited the differences in renewals between orders covering individuals and those covering organizations: the first must be renewed every 90 days, the latter every year.
Moreover, there may be changes during an investigation, say,
by targeting an individual within an org, with difference regs, or
combining individuals into a group, with also different regs. So
the numbers of orders do not actually reflect how things work.
However, the Court makes and annual report to Congress.
Judge Lamberth joked that he hoped the Court's decisions
were "constitutional," and after the laughter, apologized and
said he should not have said that.
He said that positions on the court are avidly sought, that the
work was the most "fun" he had ever had, that it was very
exciting to be part of the select group that deals with the highest
secrets of the land.
He commented on how "Article 3" provisions to protect national
security and related secrets conflict with the FOIA, by saying
first things first.
A related note on Greg's fruitless FOIA requests to various agencies about cpunks: active investigations are protected from FOIA requests, indeed, it is not uncommon to keep an investigation "active" to keep the secrets, to redefine the targets, to redefine as
the Courts helpfully advise.
Be sure to laugh at the constitutional joke, it's fun to be an insider playing with vital national life and death decisions and amusing the audience on TV.

@_date: 1997-04-07 06:14:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Brokat Win 
NYP reports today on the raging success of Germany's
Brokat Informationssysteme in selling strong crypto, thanks to US export restrctions. C2'sStronghold is cited as
well. Brokat is negotiating with NSA to sell its technology to US companies with permission to re-export applets.
     Those without Web access, send a blank message with
subject: BRO_kat

@_date: 1997-04-07 19:51:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Wassenaar Arrangement now available 
We've converted the AU version of Wassenaar "Part 3 Category 5 - Telecommunications and Information Security" DOC to HTML:
   "Part 2 - Information Security" fits the notes on cryptography posted here by Hayashi Tsuyoshi and fills in the missing pieces.

@_date: 1997-04-10 04:16:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Information Systems Security Board 
On December 13, 1996, representatives from The National Information Infrastructure (NII) Task Force of The President's National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee
(NSTAC) held a meeting at Steptoe & Johnson in Washington, D.C. to discuss industry interest in developing an industry-run Information Systems Security Board (ISSB). Stewart Baker of Steptoe & Johnson discussed the antitrust laws and their application to the meeting, with particular emphasis on the need to avoid discussion of competitive conditions and to show
openness to all interested participants. Guy Copeland, a representative from the Task Force, briefly discussed the ISSB model and the purposes of the meeting. Will Ozier, Chairman of the GSSP Committee, next discussed the efforts of the Generally Accepted System Security Principles (GSSP) project. Several representatives from the Administration expressed support for the concept of the ISSB. These representatives also indicated that the Administration would like private industry to take the lead in this area and is more than willing to take "a back seat" to such an effort. These representatives did request for periodic updates on any industry driven initiative in this area. For full report and links to background documents:
   Thanks to RH.

@_date: 1997-04-13 07:48:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA on GAK 
Excerpts of remarks by NSA head William Crowell to
NISSC96, October, 1996:
Key recovery may prove essential in making encryption scalable on an international basis. We are not the only country wrestling with the public safety implications of unbreakable cryptography. France, Israel and Russia recently imposed import and domestic use restrictions. Several Asian, South American and African countries have had similar restrictions in place for years. Others
may impose them as strong cryptography proliferates.
For many overseas, as well as here, the logic of the need to balance business imperatives with public safety concerns argues for key recovery. The European Union and other confederations are considering key recovery-based KMIs. The world's major standards bodies are designing future standards so that key recovery can be accommodated.
International standards and protocols for key recovery may prove essential to hand off national restrictions on strong encryption, to promote a broad export market for cryptography and to establish a key management infrastructure acceptable for general international use. This would accelerate the realization of the promise of information technology, and that would be in everyone's best interest.
Working in partnership, government and industry together need to lay the foundation necessary to sustain and strengthen information security for America. I wish to emphasize that the infrastructure for key management will be built by industry as a commercial venture. This task is huge. Collaboration among many partners will be essential if we are to establish a KMI that promotes the use of encryption worldwide.
For full talk:

@_date: 1997-04-13 14:30:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Competitive Betrayal 
Weekend FiTi reports on "the enemy within" corporations
and the growth of "competitive intelligence" as cold war spy tactics are adapted to big business. Excerpts:
Nobody in the surveillance business really knows how much commercial spying goes on. A lot of the eavesdropping is done, perfectly legally, by managers listening in to their own staff.
It is, of course, in the interest of equipment suppliers and
corporate consultants to maximise the dangers that companies
face. "All companies are paranoid about their own security,"
said the spokesman of one well-known British multinational.
"They don't seem to mind paying consultants to tell them
things they know already."
Yet all agree that the field of "competitive intelligence",
as it is politely termed, is an expanding one. The
privatisation of whole economies, the deregulation of
monopoly markets, the globalisation of business, the spread
of foreign investment and contested takeovers, the
proliferation of technology and the sheer volume of
information - all have made companies more aggressive, and
more vulnerable.
A consultant called in to investigate a theft may find
himself pitted against another. In order to sanitise the
business, a professional association called the Society of
Competitive Intelligence Professionals has been set up.
Its 5,000 members are meant to follow a code which vaguely
urges them to obey the law, identify themselves when asking
questions, and avoid "unethical practices".
SCIP is influenced by the Association of Former Intelligence
Officers, a group described as "very powerful" by Andre
Pienaar, a young manager at the corporate investigators
Kroll Associates who has written a doctoral thesis on
business and intelligence.
"Company information has become very valuable," he said,
"more valuable than physical assets."
Protecting that information is becoming ever more difficult.
It is not just the tappers, buggers and hackers who are the
problem, however. The problem is the loyalty - or lack of it
- of employees in a world of short contracts, rapid turnover
and big inducements.
Tony McStravick, former acting head of the Metropolitan
police Fraud Squad in London, has worked for Kroll and is
now at Control Risks Group. "It all comes down to management
in the end," he said. "Companies have lost the hearts and
minds of their employees because of performance pay,
delayering, downsizing."
"You have to have a culture of honesty, from the top down.
You must find the balance between maximising profits and
being fair and honest. A lot of the time, companies forget
they are dealing with human beings."
For full article:

@_date: 1997-04-14 20:06:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DoDeclassifying Crypto 
January, 1997
Appendix D
Special Procedures for Use in Systematic and Mandatory
Review of Cryptologic Information
1. General guideline: Cryptologic information uncovered in
systematic or mandatory review for declassification of 25-
year old government records is not to be declassified by
other than the National Security Agency. The information may
concern or reveal the processes, techniques, operations, and
scope of signals intelligence (SIGINT), which consists of
communications intelligence (COMINT), electronic
intelligence (ELINT), and foreign instrumentation signals
intelligence (FISINT), or it may concern the components of
Information Security (INFOSEC) which consists of
communications security (COMSEC) and computer security
(COMPUSEC), including the communications portion of cover
and deception plans. Much cryptologic information is also
considered "Foreign Government Information" as defined in
Para. 1.1(d) of the Executive Order 12958.
2. Recognition of cryptologic information may not always be
an easy task. There are several broad classes of cryptologic
information, as follows:
  a. Those that relate to INFOSEC: In documentary form,
they provide   COMSEC/COMPUSEC guidance or information. Many
COMSEC/COMPUSEC documents and materials are accountable
under the Communications Security Material Control System.
Examples are items bearing telecommunications security
(TSEC) nomenclature and crypto keying material for use in
enciphering communications and other COMSEC/COMPUSEC
documentation such as the National Telecommunications and
Information Systems Security Committee or is predecessor
organization, COMSEC/COMPUSEC Resources Program documents,
COMSEC Equipment Engineering Bulletins, COMSEC Equipment
System Descriptions, and COMSEC Technical Bulletins.
  b. Those that relate to SIGINT: These appear as
reports in various formats that bear security
classifications, frequently followed by five-letter
codewords, for example, World War II's ULTRA, and often
carry warning caveats such as "This document contains
codeword material" and "Utmost secrecy is necessary..." or
"Handle Via COMINT Channels Only" or "HVCCO" or "CCO."
Formats may appear as messages having addresses, "from" and
"to" sections, and as summaries with SIGINT content with or
without other kinds of intelligence and comment.
  c. Research, development, test, life cycle support,
planning, and evaluation reports and information that
relates to either COMSEC, COMPUSEC, or SIGINT.
3. Some commonly used words that help to identify
cryptologic documents and materials are "cipher," "code,"
"codeword," communications intelligence," or "COMINT,"
"special intelligence," "communications security," or
"COMSEC," "computer security or COMPUSEC," cryptanalysis,"
"crypto," cryptography," "cryptosystem," "cipher,"
"decipher," "decode," "decrypt," "direction finding,"
"electronic intelligence" or "ELINT," "electronic security,"
"encipher," "encode," "encrypt," "foreign instrumentation
signals intelligence" or "FISINT" pr "FIS"," "telemetry,"
"information systems security" or "INFOSEC," "intercept,"
"key book," "one-time-pad," "bookbreaking," "signals
intelligence" or "SIGINT," "signals security," "TEMPEST,"
and "traffic analysis" or "TA."
4. Special procedures apply to the review and
declassification of classified cryptologic information. The
following shall be observed in the review of such
  a. INFOSEC (COMSEC and COMPUSEC) Documents and
  (1) If records or materials in this category are
found in agency or department component files that are not
under INFOSEC control, refer them to the senior
COMSEC/COMPUSEC authority of the agency or department
concerned or return them, by appropriate channels, to the
address in item 4.c, below.
  (2) If the COMSEC/COMPUSEC information has been
incorporated into other documents by the receiving agency,
that information must be referred to the National Security
Agency/Chief Central Security Service (NSA/CSS) for review
before declassification occurs.
  b. SIGINT (COMINT, ELINT, and FISINT) Information.
  (1) If the SIGINT information is contained in a
document or record originated by a U.S. Government
cryptologic organization and is in the files of a non-
cryptologic agency or department, such material will not be
declassified. The material may be destroyed unless the
holding agency's approved records disposition schedule
requires its retention. If the material must be retained, it
must be referred to the NSA/CSS for systematic review for
declassification when it becomes 25-years old or older.
  (2) If the SIGINT information has been
incorporated by the receiving agency into documents it
produces, referral of the SIGINT information to the NSA/CSS
for review is necessary prior to any declassification
  c. COMSEC/COMPUSEC or SIGINT information which
requires declassification by the NSA/CSS should be sent to:
  Director, National Security Agency/
  Chief, Central Security Service
  ATTN: Information Policy Staff (N5P6)
  Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000
For full document:
    (315K)

@_date: 1997-04-19 18:38:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Militarily Critical Technologies 
The Militarily Critical Technologies List (MCTL) tersely
describes the full range of technologies controlled by the ITAR, EAR and Regimes like the Wassenaar Arrangment.
Information systems and cryptography are covered in
Section 8 of the MCTL which we've put with the TOC at:
     It provides an informative chart that compares information
systems capabilities for 27 nations, and the leaders in a
few cases are surprising. The document summarizes crypto:
  1. Cryptanalytic Technologies (for breaking
  ciphertext):   Critical Parameters: Due to the numerous variables
  required to implement an information security scheme
  and the wide range of products and services in which
  information security can be deployed this technology
  does not lend itself to specifically enumerated
  parameters.
  Critical Materials: None identified.
  Unique Equipment: Computers of 10,000 CTP, or greater,
  and software specially designed to test the ability of
  cryptanalytic systems to perform key searches,
  statistical, linear and differential cryptanalyses; and
  factor 110 decimal digit, or larger, numbers.
  Unique Software: Operating systems and applications for
  massively parallel cryptanalytic processors (> 16
  processors) specially designed to perform statistical,
  linear and differential cryptanalyses, exhaustive key
  searches and quadratic and number field sieve
  factoring.
  Control Regimes: WA ML 11, 21; WA IL Cat 5.
  2. Cryptographic Technologies (for keeping data
  secure):
  Critical Parameters: Due to the numerous variables
  required to implement an information security scheme
  and the wide range of products and services in which
  information security can be deployed this technology
  does not lend itself to specifically enumerated
  parameters.
  Critical Materials: None identified.
  Unique Equipment: Computers of 10,000 CTP, or greater,
  and software specially designed to perform Randomness,
  Correlation, Weak Key and Symmetry Under
  Complementation tests to evaluate the strength of new
  USG encryption algorithms during development.
  Unique Software: The software providing the
  cryptographic functionality must be specially designed
  and integrated into each application. The system
  engineering and integration, user system interface,
  algorithms and key generators must have zero defects.
  Control Regimes: WA ML 11, 21; WA IL Cat 5.
The document states, "A high rate of IS knowledge transfer
from the US to foreign competitors occurs through open
source US trade journals, technical literature, various
international fora, the Internet and intelligence. As a
result, the US technology leadership in communications and
computer systems has declined in recent years relative to
Europe and Japan."
Section 9 covers Information Warfare Technology and will
interest those who wonder what technologies may be more
effective than cryptography for information security, as
the NRC Crypto Report suggested. We've put this section
(in its original PDF format) at:
   (122K)

@_date: 1997-04-20 16:57:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Militarily Critical Technologies 
CTP is an acronym for Composite Theoretical Performance, a definition of computer capability used in the Export Administration Regulations. See EAR Section 740.7 Computers (CTP) at:
   The US Department of Defense, Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Technology, is the author of the Militarily Critical Technologies List (MCTL). See attribution at:
   This should not be contrued to mean that I'm not also ignorant
of what I quote and quack about weird lists of holy-shit technology.

@_date: 1997-04-21 05:48:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EUR_gov 
21 April 1997:
     US Govt Licenses First European Encryption Firm
     London: The US Department of Commerce has awarded the
     euro-encryption rights to Internet Smartware, a UK company.
     According to Internet Smartware, the agreement overcomes
     two major stumbling blocks which have prevented businesses
     from using the Internet for commercial use:      Firstly, European companies can now implement US
     developed 56-bit DES (data encryption standard) encryption
     technology, which the company claims is the accepted
     minimum requirement for Internet commerce, and beyond.      Secondly, companies will no longer have to give authorities
     such as the US government free access to their encrypted
     data.      Internet Smartware claims that the agreement also provides
     UK companies with an effective alternative to the recent,
     unpopular DTI (Department of Trade and Industry)
     encryption proposals, which recommend that companies
     must give "trusted third parties" access to encrypted data.      "Smart" Cash Cards Pose Law Enforcement Challenges      Washington: "Smart cards" that store electronic currency      have the potential to revolutionize commerce, but the emerging      technology poses challenges for the law enforcement community,      government officials said Friday.      "The same electronic commerce technology that will save
     time and money is also capable of being abused," said Peter
     Toren, senior attorney in the U.S. Justice Department's
     computer fraud division. Toren, speaking at a conference at      American University's law school here, warned that the cards      offer the "threat of the perfect counterfeit" because any criminal      that can copy them "can create an unending stream of money."      IISP Panel Addresses Cyberspace Payments
     New York -- Developing secure, cost effective and efficient      electronic payment systems is critical to creating a truly      global commercial marketplace, and efforts are already underway      to address the technology, business, regulatory and legal      aspects of cyberspace payments, according to speakers at a      March 25-26 panel sponsored by ANSI's Information      Infrastructure Standards Panel (IISP).      "Micro-payments, anonymous cash, `Smart Cards,' digital
     cash, electronic purses, and `e-cash' all describe different
     approaches to achieving a secure payments solution," said
     ANSI board Member Oliver Smoot. "As these new payments      evolve, standards to facilitate interconnection and interoperability      are critical."      Thomas J. Firnhaber, Policy Adviser at FinCEN, focused on      the potential impact of cyberpayments on regulatory and law      enforcement and provided an overview of the U.S. Department      of Treasury's Cyberpayments efforts to date. "The anonymity,      rapidity, volume and audit difficulty of cyberpayments has      challenged traditional investigative techniques," he said.
     Smart Cards The Next Wave - Report      London: Frost & Sullivan (F&S) has announced the      publication of a smart card report that predicts the arrival      of multi-function smart cards is almost upon us.      "Electronic Access Control" predicts that it will soon be possible      for a smart card to carry out credit and debit card transactions, as      well as holding details of your medical records, your frequent flyer
     mileage, your social security number, your address.      According to F&S, a threat to this technological advance may
     be the consumer concern for the loss of privacy and a
     potential Big Brother scenario. Who, the company asks, gets
     to access the information is an issue on the minds of the
     consumer?

@_date: 1997-04-21 20:59:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SNL/NSA Crypto Security 
Cryptographer William Payne has shared afidavits that
describe SCIF procedures at Sandia National Laboratory for its NSA crypto work.
One affidavit cites Payne's claim to knowing how to "easily break public key encryption" but refused to tell NSA, thus
harming SNL's customer relations.

@_date: 1997-04-22 08:53:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BIL_due 
22 April 1997:
     Space/intelligence technology's embattled frontier      European citizens and governments alike have expressed
     concern over the recent expansion of U.S. intelligence bases
     in Europe. The National Security Agency (NSA) and National
     Reconnaissance Office (NRO) are combining efforts at large
     sites known as regional SIGINT (signals intelligence)
     operation centers, or RSOCs.      At a recent Space Symposium in Colorado Springs, Colo.,
     NRO director Keith Hall said that the merging of the NSA and
     NRO bases is the first step in creating "collaborative systems
     of systems in signals intelligence." In the future, Hall said,
     those joint efforts could also include the U.S. Space
     Command, the service intelligence agencies and even
     commercial resources "borrowed" by the intelligence
     community.      U.S. military officials have been surprisingly candid about
     their intent to take maximum strategic advantage of their
     information trump cards. Air Force Secretary Sheila Widnall      said, "Our allies must understand that we bring tremendous      capabilities to the table, and it would be to their advantage to      find ways we both can use [them]."      In a more blatant revelation of U.S. sentiment, Gen. Howell
     Estes, commander of the U.S. Space Command, said the
     United States "is the only nation intellectually prepared for and
     morally capable" of controlling space-based intelligence.      President, Senators Set to clash on Encryption
     Bent on retaining access to any and all data exported from the
     United States, the Clinton administration soon will solidify its
     position on Internet security issues and have a bill sponsored
     in the Senate.      Meanwhile, microprocessing giant Intel Corp. of Santa Clara,
     Calif., which has been developing hardware-based encryption
     tools based on Cupertino, Calif.-based Hewlett-Packard's
     International Cryptography Framework, is sitting tight,
     waiting to see how things play out on Capitol Hill.      Intel already has submitted the framework for government
     review, but is closely guarding specifics about its encryption
     key lengths.      SET 2.0 on the way - Encryption spec speeds e-commerce      "SET 2.0 will be security-algorithm-independent," said Steve
     Mott, senior vice president for electronic commerce at
     MasterCard International. "The issue is not the underlying
     cryptography, and the problem is not with RSA's
     mathematics; it's how efficient [RSA's cryptography] is."      Vendors such as Certicom, Apple Computer, and RPK are all
     positioning themselves as alternatives to market-leader RSA
     for providing encryption technologies.      "We have SET 1.0 pilots going with elliptic curve
     cryptography," Mott said.      Elliptic Curve Cryptosystem (ECC) is a technology that is
     being pushed by both Certicom and Apple.
     RPK, meanwhile, offers another alternative to encryption: Its
     Mixture Generator encryption engine performs both bulk and
     key encryption.
     A Smart Partnership      Pretty Good Privacy Inc. and Schlumberger Electronic      Transactions are teaming up to integrate their encryption      and smart-card technologies. The two companies will interweave      PGP's encryption software with Schlumberger's Cryptoflex smart
     card, which supports functions such as key and digital
     certificate storage and signatures.
     U.S. Seeks Laissez Faire on Internet      The Clinton administration plans to tell the Internal Revenue
     Service and bank regulators to forget about new rules for
     Internet commerce in a policy paper that is scheduled to be
     released later this spring, Ira Magaziner said last week.      It is unclear how far this laissez faire approach will go.
     Speaking at the same session, a top official in the Office of
     the U.S. Trade Representative warned about the obstacles he
     sees in trying to get other governments to go along.      He warned. "What do governments want to do? They want to
     regulate," he added. "It's ingrained to the system. It's almost a
     social-democratic ideal they want to fulfill."      MITI to develop int'l electronic commerce technology      The ministry will formulate a standard for authentication
     centers that use different data-verification methods. The new
     protocol would facilitate the exchange of encryption data
     among authentication centers around the world, thus allowing
     a business to verify the identity of a client in another country.
     MITI, which has earmarked over 10 billion yen (about 79.82
     million dollars) for electronic commerce tests, is hoping to
     nurture Japan's own electronic commerce services and to
     narrow the technological gap with the U.S.

@_date: 1997-04-23 06:38:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EC Electronic Commerce Report 
The European Commission has issued a major initiative
for electronic commerce in competition and contrast with that of the US being readied for release shortly by Ira Magaziner. Online privacy and information security are      (110K)

@_date: 1997-04-23 16:16:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BXA to Newt 
Thanks to Greg Broiles we offer a December 1996 letter
from BXA's William Reinsch to Speaker Gingrich with a
Report to Congress on the purpose and plan of export controls of commercial encryption items.
   One note of interest: a battalion of crypto enforcement troops is being trained to spot EAR EI violations and nab Bernsteins,
Karns, Jungers and rogues.

@_date: 1997-04-24 09:36:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: New Crypto Panel 
Federal Register, April 24, 1997:
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
President's Export Council Subcommittee on Encryption; Notice of Establishment
    The Secretary of Commerce has determined that the establishment of the President's Export Council
Subcommittee on Encryption is in the public interest in connection with the performance of duties imposed on the Department by law.
    The Subcommittee will advise the Secretary, through the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, on
matters pertinent to the implementation of an encryption policy that will support the growth of commerce while protecting the public safety and national security.
    The Subcommittee will consist of approximately 25 members to be appointed by the Secretary to assure a balanced representation among the exporting community and those Government agencies with a mandate to implement policy regarding encryption.
    The Subcommittee will function solely as an advisory body.
    Interested persons are invited to submit comments regarding the establishment of the Subcommittee to Lee Ann Carpenter, Committee Liaison Officer, OAS/EA/BXA, U.S. Department of Commerce, MS: 3886C, Washington, D.C., 20230. Telephone: 202-482-2583. FAX: 202-501-8024.
    Dated: April 18, 1997.
Sue E. Eckert,
Assistant Secretary for Export Administration.

@_date: 1997-04-25 10:01:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Fraud Without Frontiers 
FT reports on a new Deloitte & Touche report, "Fraud Without Frontiers" on the EU "fraud paradise." It sees 10 areas of concern:
  "Computer abuse, banking frauds, counterfeiting,
  investment fraud, confidence tricks, public sector
  fraud, fraudulent bankruptcy, insurance fraud,
  smuggling and money laundering.
  The largest single threat comes from fraud through the
  Internet. The potential for abuse of computer systems
  is huge, particuarly since encryption technology is
  vulnerable to sophisticated computer users. The Internet
  is now being used to manipulate financial markets.
  Fraudsters are becoming more sophisticated. Inside dealers
  are making more use of offshore havens to avoid detection
  while criminal syndicates with knowlege of banking
  practice have cheated banks.
  'Offshore havens', some inside the EU, remains a common
  feature of fraud. But with some EU economies closely
  linked to the offshore world, the incentive to push for
  reform in this area is limited"
The report is available from D&T-UK for L95. (Hint, send)
  D&T has a Web page, "Taking the Mystery Out of ..." which
gives solace about encryption, passwords, firewalls, kerberos, and such:

@_date: 1997-04-25 13:01:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tim's Tag Bi-Line 
In response to Tim's tag line and to BXA's claim (twinned
by NSA, FBI, CIA and DoJ) of training Janus crypto-narcs to
snare dual-use miscreants:
Information Warfare: Terrorism, Crime, and National Security
Prof. Dorothy E. Denning
This course will study the nature of information warfare, including computer crime and information terrorism, in the global information infrastructure as it relates to national security, defense policy, economic security, organizational security, and personal security. Students will gain an understanding of the threats and vulnerabilities, including military and economic espionage, denial of service, destruction and modification of data, distortion and fabrication of information, forgery, control and disruption of information flow, electronic bombs, and psyops and perception management. They will learn about attacks and countermeasures, including authentication, encryption, auditing, monitoring, and firewalls, and the limitations of those countermeasures. They will learn about cyberspace law enforcement and investigations, information warfare and the military, and intelligence in the information age. Information technology policy and ethics will be examined.
This is not to single out the duality of Professor Denning/Mr. Denning. There are several similar dual-use courses being taught at civ-mi schools as market-wise institutions-governments
scramble for funds-taxes by promising results to job-needy
scientists-engineers and students-citizens.
Heed the dual-use market/cartel, be an infoartist/informer, an inside-lawyer/outlaw; practice selfless public archy, greedy secret
anarchy. That's the ticket for wise guys-gals, go either way as the bi-wind blows and stills.

@_date: 1997-04-25 17:41:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Deloitte-Touche: Fraud and the Net 
Praps a local bloke can help us out:
The source is given as the D&T office in London: Deloitte & Touche Consulting Group,
                          Stonecutter Court,
                          Stonecutter Street,
                          London EC4A 4TR.
                          Tel: 0171 303 3000
Sure, I'll buy it and pay for Fedex too; got my Amex and FX
numbers ready.
   Financial Times, April 24, 1997, p. 3.
   EU fraudsters 'revel in fiscal paradise'
      Report urges Brussels authorities to crack down on $77bn
      cross-border corruption
   By John Mason in Brussels
   International fraud in the European Union could be costing
   governments, companies and individuals up to $77bn a year,
   a report commissioned by the European Commission has
   concluded.
   Crimes such as Internet abuse, counterfeiting, banking and
   investment frauds and smuggling pose an increasing threat
   which can only be countered by further international
   action, said Deloitte & Touche, the accountancy firm.
   Harmonisation of laws and regulations, improved
   co-operation between states and a greater stress on fraud
   prevention are needed if EU economies are not to be
   undermined by international criminals, the report said.
   Mr Will Inglis, the Deliotte & Touche partner responsible
   for the report, said: "There is clear evidence that
   determined fraudsters deliberately and cynical]y manipulate
   and take advantage of the different regulatory and
   monitoring regimes across the EU to perpetrate their
   frauds. In particular, we see the fraudsters taking
   advantage of havens of secrecy and fiscal paradises.
   Fraudulent activity in the Union has the potential to
   seriously distort competition and harm the citizens of the
   EU who end up paying the cost."
   The report identified 10 areas of concern: computer abuse,
   banking frauds, counterfeiting, investment fraud,
   confidence tricks, public sector fraud, fraudulent
   bankruptcy, insurance fraud, smuggling and money
   laundering.
   The type of crime varies considerably between countries. In
   the UK, financial services fraud is a problem because of
   the size of the industry, France suffers particularly from
   counterfeiting of luxury goods, while in Greece the
   smuggling of antiquities is second only to the drugs trade
   in terms of crime.
   However, across the EU, the removal of restrictions
   following the creation of the single market and
   technological advances have opened up opportunities for
   fraudsters, the report said.
   Perhaps the largest single threat comes from fraud through
   the Internet, Mr Inglis said. The potential for abuse of
   computer systems is huge, particularly since encryption
   technology is vulnerable to sophisticated computer abusers.
   The Internet is now also being used to manipulate financial
   markets.
   In other areas, fraudsters are becoming more sophisticated.
   Insider dealers are making more use of offshore havens to
   avoid detection while criminal syndicates with knowledge of
   banking practice have cheated banks.
   Not that frauds all need to be sophisticated. Italian
   investigators discovered that Libyan dinars were being
   taken to Naples to be literally "laundered" with a solvent
   and re-printed as D-Marks.
   The incidence of cross-border frauds is increasing faster
   than those which take place only within one country, with
   organised crime playing a substantial role, the report
   said. Other perpetrators of fraud, although on a lesser
   scale, include senior company managers.
   The report points to lack of legal harmonisation: In some
   EU states it is not even an offence to bribe somebody in a
   different country.
   Action against fraud can also damage a member state's
   economy. The use of "offshore" havens, some inside the EU,
   remains a common feature of fraud. But with some EU
   economies closely linked to the offshore world, the
   incentive to push for reform in this area is limited.
   Fraud, especially crossborder fraud, tends also to be given
   low priority compared to other crimes. There is also less
   political will to tackle money laundering when this
   involves fraud rather than drugs.
   The report concludes there are four priority areas -    increased legal harmonisation, improved co-operation
   between member states, a greater concentration on
   confiscating fraudsters' assets and developing awareness of
   fraud prevention.
   [Bar chart] Corporate Fraud. Countries involved, with two
   bars for each showing: Number of cases involving each
   region and number of times countries in this region were
   mentioned as being of concern.
   EU countries
   Tax havens/fiscal paradises
   Eastern European countries
   Others (including US and Asia)
   --
   "Fraud without Frontiers", L95, Deloitte & Touche, 1,
   Stonecutter St, London EC4A 4TR.
   [End]

@_date: 1997-04-27 11:01:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Fax Security Program 
The TV show "Computer Chronicles" Saturday featured
various comm security products, one of which used a fax encoding system with unusual capabilities to transmit color
images, condensed text (say, a 30-page doc encoded
on a single fax page) or any other digital data as visual
The hard copy is scanned at the receiving end and the program decodes and decompresses to the original format.
A demonstation showed that the clutter-code has error-correction robust enough to overcome any physical damage or defect in the transmittal or output.
We missed the name of the product and would appreciate
hearing from anyone who did, or who knows of the product.

@_date: 1997-04-27 15:39:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: "New Israel" (Re: Don Wood -- IPG) 
Screwy as the New Israel idea may seem, it's been
around a while.
There was talk of such a plan in the early 90s to settle Russian Jews in the US Southwest, using decommissioned military bases as new Ellis Islands, kibbutzim, trailer trashheaps. As was eventually done in the Israel (our firm surveyed housing sites for the latter and learned of
the alternative US plan then).
We were told that the promise of Amer-Indian casino gambling made southwest real estate too attractive to devalue with
refugee camps, so the idea was deferred it until the gambling
gold rush eased, or a Mid-East conflagration kicked in an
emergency relocation plan devised by DoD (no surprise there, DoD contingency-plans the globe).

@_date: 1997-04-28 05:12:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: New USG Privacy Initiative 
The Administration has issued today for public comment a major new paper on privacy:
"Options for Promoting Privacy on the National Information Opening paragraphs:
This Options Paper explores the growing public concern about personal information privacy. The paper describes the status of electronic data protection and fair information practices in the United States today, beginning with a discussion of the Principles for providing and using personal information issued by the Information Infrastructure Task Force in 1995. It then provides an overview of new information technologies, which shows that personal information is currently collected, shared, aggregated, and disseminated at a rate and to a degree unthinkable just a few years ago. Government is no longer the sole possessor of extensive amounts of personal information about U.S. citizens; in recent years the acquisition of personal information by the private sector has increased dramatically.
We next consider in more detail the laws and policies affecting information privacy in four specific areas: government records, communications, medical records, and the consumer market. This examination reveals that information privacy policy in the United States consists of various laws, regulations and practices, woven together to produce privacy protection that varies from sector to sector. Sometimes the results make sense, and sometimes they do not. The degree of protection accorded to personal information may depend on the data delivery mechanism rather than on the type of information at issue. Moreover, information privacy protection efforts in the United States are generally reactive rather than proactive: both the public and the private sector adopt policies in response to celebrated incidents of nonconsensual disclosure involving readily discernable harm. Sometimes this approach leaves holes in the fabric of privacy protection.  We then turn to the core question: in the context of the GII, what is the best mechanism to implement fair information practices that balance the needs of government, commerce, and individuals, keeping in mind both our interest in the free flow of information and in the protection of information privacy? At one end of the spectrum there is support for an entirely market-based response. At the other end of the spectrum, we are encouraged to regulate fair information practices across all sectors of the economy. In between these poles lie a myriad of options. In response to public concern, both government and private industry seem to be taking a harder look at privacy issues. As government and consumers become more aware of the GII's data collection, analysis and distribution capabilities, demand could foster a robust, competitive market for privacy protection. This raises the intriguing possibility that privacy could emerge as a market commodity in the Information Age. We recognize ongoing efforts to enhance industry self regulation to carry out the IITF Privacy Principles. We also discuss ways this self regulation might be enforced, and discuss a number of ways that government could facilitate development of a privacy market. We then consider a number of options that involve creation of a federal privacy entity. We discuss some of the many forms that such an entity could take and consider the advantages and disadvantages of the various choices. We also consider the functions that such an entity might perform, as well as various options for locating a privacy entity within the federal government.  This paper presents a host of options for government and private sector action. Our ultimate goal is to identify the means to maintain an optimal balance between personal privacy and freedom of information in the digital environment. The next step is to receive and respond to public comment on the report in order to develop consensus regarding the appropriate allocation of public and private sector responsibility for implementation of fair information practices.      (216K)
We've mirrored it at:

@_date: 1997-04-28 06:00:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NII Privacy Paper Notice 
See today's Federal Register notice for the NII Privacy Paper:
   It gives the cut-off date for comments, where to send them
and background of the paper.

@_date: 1997-04-29 09:39:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Netscape plans to support GAK 
While it might be too touchy for Netscaper cryptographers to address
openly, I wonder if there is not a scheme afoot to go along with the current restrictions in order to be better positioned to compete with others intending to launch robust encryption as soon as the leak in the dam globally breaks.
There may be more to this story than appears in the PR of
industry and government. The crypto fight may be a diversion.
Suppose the governments intend to relax crypto restrictions once other technologies to monitor electronic transactions are
in place and and enforcers have been trained to snare illegal transactors based on physical evidence of crime beyond the
digital. Recall that that's what Peter Neumann and others on the NRC crypto panel suggested as an agenda for the FBI to forego undue
crypto emphasis.
Is it not possible that the US and other nations will allow strong
encryption so long as other means are at hand to control any
action merely cloaked in encrypted language, as has been done
forever with stylistic literature and speech?
To, as with its predecessors, tolerate the artist of cryptoanarchy but guillotine the actor.

@_date: 1997-04-29 20:08:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Rejecting Dialog with Government Vermin 
Sure DC is a swamp and NYC is a cesspool, but it's their lakes of shit that keep hungry dogs from the outback coming to feed. To hack politics, spin lies, hawk IPOs and Wall Steal from W&O. Both burgs draw never ending packs to plot the peddling of useless news and armaments and laws and fortune cookies --
all the SOS for which most countries need only one capital hole but for which America needs two to handle demand.
In that vein, I bet Declan learns to love Manhattan via Time's irresistable harem and ungents. All journalists, especially those doing duty in DC and CA, aspire to the cessmost of presspools.
So, Time-speaking a Declan, I nym drop that Cylink's board dined this evening at the Harvard Club to admire Dr. Leo Guthart hiccuping
the joys of bedding and gorging Sodom's delights -- the cost to be written off thanks to DC/NY/CA/AR mutual scratch-fleas legally
sanctioned worldwide: the need and deed of two-back gov and biz.

@_date: 1997-08-02 08:53:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: JYA Axed 
The ISP for jya.com, PrimeHost, an AOL subisidiary, has axed
the site.
We learned of this today after trying for a week to get an answer to why the site vanished. Tech said call Sales, Sales said it's not us, it's got to be Tech. Tech said it's definitely not us, and if it's
not Sales or us it must be Bosses.
Finally, a Boss was reached who said the site was "intentionally pulled." He claimed that it was "not a serious problem, so don't be alarmed," and sang cheerily about "some files" without elaboration.
Maybe more next week, and we pray it turns out to be hysterically
alarming and not merely a pissed Intel Prop owner seeking pay.
JYX.com is still up, thanks to PrimeHost's autosub. Ten files there -- so far.
We're humping to get the latest 60-page package of the RSA v. PGP suit there this weekend, thanks to Nobody.

@_date: 1997-08-03 20:17:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CIA Report on UFOs 
The New York Times reports today on a declassified
CIA report on UFOs which discloses that over half
of the public sightings in the 1950s and '60s were lied about by the US Government to protect dark secret spy planes and programs, primarily those of the U-2 and SR-71. "The admission raised questions about other Federal cover-ups involving U.F.O.s."
The CIA report is at:
   For those who wish to avoid the CIA Web site, we put a copy at:
   The NYT Web site:
   In you cannot access it, see the story at:

@_date: 1997-08-03 21:54:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Banished JYA 
3 August 1997
This site, JYX.COM, was set up on July 26, 1997 to substitute for JYA.COM which vanished on July 24, 1997, and thereby denied access to the site's architectural and public services. For a week technical and sales personnel of the ISP for JYA, AOL/PrimeHost, could not explain the disappearance.
On August 1, 1997, AOL/PrimeHost representative Steven Graham stated that JYA.COM had been "intentionally pulled" for undisclosed reasons. Mr. Graham's telephone: (703) 265-4464.
Reinstitution of JYA's architectural and public services should occur shortly, either by restart of JYA.COM with PrimeHost, or via another ISP. In the event that AOL/PrimeHost pulls JYX as well, announcement of alternative hosting and reasons for the change will be made on several mail lists:
   and other lists and news groups as appropriate. This site is hosted by PrimeHost, which provided excellent service for JYA.COM for a year -- until now with this mysterious vanishing For now offering only: Cryptox.htm

@_date: 1997-08-04 11:44:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PGP Answers RSA 
Thanks to John Gilmore we offer a 44-page package of
PGP's court filings in response to RSA's suit:
   Exhibits of early letters among Cylink, RSA, and PGP preceding the suit are of interest, one of which has been provided before
by Greg Broiles at parrhesia.com.
We've also put on JYX the AOL-axed RSA v. PGP docs, linked
to this latest: the RSA suit and the Lemcom License.
A bit more from JG will be ready in a few days.

@_date: 1997-08-04 19:25:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EC Report on Crypto 
4 August 1997, ComputerWorld:
     Report/ Encryption policy hurts trade      U.S. controls on the export of encryption technology and
     telecommunications equipment represent significant barriers
     to international trade, the European Commission said in a
     report last week.      The development of digital communications has prompted the
     need for improved protection against the unauthorized use of
     personal data, trade secrets, banking information and
     databases. Without that protection, it is unlikely that
     electronic commerce will take off, said one European
     Commission official.      The commission's 13th annual ``Report on United States
     Barriers to Trade and Investment'' said the U.S. is the
     dominant supplier of key computing components, and the
     country's limitations on the export of strong encryption
     products hurts the growth of electronic commerce. Anyone with a URL for this report? The EC site is uncrackably
multi-lingual otiose.

@_date: 1997-08-06 08:58:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: JYA Up 
AOL/PrimeHost has reactivated JYA.
AOL's story for the takedown is that our seldom used ftp component was being used by unidentified parties to traffic in warez and that it had nothing to do with the http part, "whose content does not concern us."
Still, it's odd we did not get a call about the problem as was done
a few weeks ago for a similar warez invasion. At that time, we offered to close our ftp, but the PrimeHost rep said no, we'll monitor it, as we do other ftps. I specifically asked to be notified if it
happened again, but wasn't. And it's not clear why it took a
week for me to find out what was what. Or why not AOL did not
just close the ftp and leave the http operating.
'Course, maybe the  takedown was signal of distrust of JYA
innocence. And a warning.
Thanks to the folks who offered more help than the teapot
tempest seems to have warranted -- so far.

@_date: 1997-08-08 15:38:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Shor's Algorithms: Mad, Bad and Dangerous 
by David Deutsch (Allan lane, 390 pp., $29.95):
  Using something called "Shor's algorithm," a quantum
  computer can factor giant numbers and thereby break
  secret codes that no conventional computer could touch.
  The only way it could do this, Mr Deutsch argues, is by
  distributing its operations over many parallel universes.
  "To those who cling to a single-universe world-view,"
  he writes with evident asperity," I issue the challenge:
  *explain how Shor's algorithms works.*"
  Combining the many-universes notion with quantum probablity,
  and adding elements of Darwinism and Karl Popper's theory
  of knowledge, Mr. Deutsch apsires to nothing less than a
  complete understanding of "the fabric of reality." Arrogant
  in tone and marred by leaps of logic, his book nonetheless
  bristles with subversive insights about virutal reality,
  time travel, mathematical certainty and free will.   Intellectually speaking, Mr. Deutsch is mad, bad and   dangerous to know.

@_date: 1997-08-08 17:43:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: E-Commerce Report 
7 August 1997, Business Wire:
Businesses will spend $31 billion on Electronic Commerce-related software,  hardware, products and services by the  year 2001, according to Bill Burnham, senior research analyst at Piper Jaffray Inc.
That's one of the conclusions Burnham draws in "The Electronic Commerce  Report" released today. The first comprehensive study of the rapidly emerging Electronic Commerce industry, Burnham's report  outlines how this spending threatens to topple many of the existing  structures underpinning the economy.
The 250-page document provides an in-depth examination of five separate areas of the Electronic Commerce industry:   Internet  Security,   Electronic Payments,    Financial Software,   Business Commerce Software and   Commerce Content  (Internet-based retailing).  The  report includes projections for revenue growth, size of the electronic bill payment industry, number of electronic bill presentments and the number of commerce-oriented Internet sites.
Some of the report's most significant findings include:

@_date: 1997-08-09 23:57:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: It's cool to be iang@hip97.nl 
Who's your Garth at hip? HOPE got the plastic cowpoke as
warm-up, and 1/4m of his dim-leds losing control onto filthy Central
Sure, bit-boxes on bud-boxes, but are NL park narcs matching X4SALL's T1 absorbing the dark fiber-p downstream?
What's the TLA-tally at HIP? HOPE's welcoming them as the only full-tuition registrants,

@_date: 1997-08-10 08:49:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: HOPE Not 
Comments on two of the many HOPE sessions: those of L0pht and Bruce Schneier:
L0pht summarized their current campaign to test
security on behalf of the consumer, having found
that corporations refuse to publicize or correct
holes L0pht reported in confidence.
L0pht cited, among others, the Mac security features and products coming to market, which they think have been too hastily readied for grafting onto other programs and and are vulnerable due to inadequate design, integration and testing. Like too many MS flood-the-market programs.
Bruce outlined the principal elements of the security
challenge and the role of cryptography among those
of people, hardware, facilities, law and policy. He
warned of the weakness of relying on crypto in the overall security matrix and cautioned that crypto is not the main answer to the security problem, which is primarily one of human frailty and criminal behavior, and that it will take a combination of solutions involving:   Strong and efficient encryption -- key length is   not critical
  Tamper resistant hardware -- software can be protected   by math
  Trust management -- reliable authentication and   certification; GAK is too complicated to ever work
  Jurisdiction -- criminals must not be able to operate   from the most obliging state
  Law -- punishment for criminal acts
He emphasized that mathematics and software are not the problem of insecure systems, it is humans and the impossibility
of predictable interface with machines. Every system is vulnerable
to attack, not at its strongest but at its weakest. Brute force
is not an attack worth worrying about, although it gets most
of the publicity. What's worrisome is the out of the way fault
in the fortress, the one nobody expects, the one the enemy
ever seeks by hook, crook, bribe and trick. (HOPE's agenda?)
It was a provocative, informative, many-faceted presentation,
and could become an article, maybe a book, surely an
effective business lure.
He closed by citing "Those who think cryptography is the answer
to security do not understand the problem and do not understand Bruce did not provide paper copy of the slides but said he
will send it upon e-mail request to:
   schneier at counterpane.com
Most surprising about HOPE was that everyone, M/F, was dressed in brass-button blazers, oxford whites, rep ties and gray flannels;
spit-shined caps, Shasti barbered, smelled of Camay; murmured "well said" to the eloquent speakers, softly sniffed for salient points, chatted at tea, "swell show, don't you think."
None of the ripe rank of cavities and pits,dreadlocks and skulls, vulgar tees and shreds, toilet squalor and slime,  chest-caving music, vile hoots and whistles of "phreak Ma B, crack Mr. Softie," crazed eyeballs assaulting gameboxes, deformed bods struggling to get in against those escaping Bedlam, none of that at Beyond Hope, not at all, that was outside in the gutters of Manhattan, defiling a tux and gown wedding party upstairs at Puck.

@_date: 1997-08-10 09:43:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Masons and Fnords 
Now this is modest understatement with regard to this MT, the Godzilla
of Masonic Temples, worth a side trip from the Capital of the Freeh
World. You won't believe your eyes at this pyramid scheme putting the
originals at Giza to shame.
That over-reaching Alexandria Masonic Temple is matched only by the Mormon in Utah and the Buddhist in W.VA and St. Peters and Angor Wat and ... Billy Gates' Xanadu.
Oh my, we archies yearn for return of the big piles staircasing to any jesus
moves your mountains of loot from your temple to ours.

@_date: 1997-08-10 22:10:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Patient Snoop Law Coming 
NYT reports today on a patient privacy law being sent
to Congress next month by the administration, the
"most significant since the Privacy Law of 1974."
Battles are expected over law-enforcement access
to medical data, interference with commercial marketing and limitation on snooping for public benefit.

@_date: 1997-08-11 18:53:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Feds Seek PKI Bids 
USG published a solicitation today in the CBD for a
Public Key Infrastructure which outlines the system

@_date: 1997-08-12 20:28:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: HOPE and Wiretap News 
NYT had a front page story yesterday on the HOPE meet. Featuring hack of NYC's Metrocard, with wry commentary
on new adventures "underground." A quote:
   Bruce Schneier, a highly regarded cryptography expert who
   spoke at the conference, said experience bad taught him
   that hackers often understood computer systems better than
   the engineers who designed them.
   "Hackers just have a much more holistic view," he said.
   Mr. Schneier, who is a consultant to Cubic on the
   next-generation Metrocard, said he believes someone will
   inevitably figure out a hack. "I believe that, fundamentally,    a system as complicated as the Metrocard
   cannot be absolutely secure," he said.
See full report at:
   Aptly, with Bruce's emphasis at HOPE on the need for laws to punish computer criminals and to close the global jurisdictional gap so there's no refuge for outlaws, there's Markoff's report yesterday on a petition to the FCC opposing the FBI's digital wiretap plan:

@_date: 1997-08-14 21:00:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CIA/NSA Index 
There's a provocative list of forbidden CIA and NSA/CSS records which are not available under the Privacy Act, and which constitute a sort of negative awaiting development:
     (82 categories)
    (19 categories)
There are similar lists of national privacy proscriptives for most federal agencies available at the source for these. The
one for Defense is an elephantine 1.4 MB, with tiny tims for
the TLAs.

@_date: 1997-08-15 09:20:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CIA/NSA Index Redux 
Excuse the crummy links, they worked when we were
hooked to the source but, it seems, not after disconnect. We
have not downloaded all the linked files, so here's the
routine to get them:
Log onto:    Highlight: "Privacy Act Issuances 1995 Compilation"
Enter: "cia" (with quotes) in the search slot, jack number of records up to
"100" and submit
83 records will be listed, and the links will work, just now confirmed it.
Repeat for "nsa" or any other federal agency.
Search also for "crypto*" (note * ) to see the cryptologic citations, which brings up a number of cites from CIA, NSA and others.

@_date: 1997-08-15 19:44:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Electronic Surveillance Indices 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
 JUSTICE/FBI 006
System name: Electronic Surveillance (Elsur) Indices.
System location:   Federal Bureau of Investigation, J. Edgar Hoover Bldg., 10th and   Pennvylvania Ave., NW, Washington, DC 20535. Those field offices which   have sought conducted electronic surveillances also maintain an index.   See appendix to System 022.
Categories of individuals covered by the system:   Individuals who have been the targets of direct electronic   surveillance coverage by FBI in a court order; those whose   communications have been monitored/intercepted by an FBI electronic   surveillance installation; those who won, lease, or license premises   subjected to electronic surveillance coverage sought by the FBI in a   court order.
Categories of records in the system:   The ELSUR Index is comprised of three types of 3 x 5 cards: 1.   Principal cards identify, by true name or best known name, all   interceptees (targets) identified in an application filed by the FBI   in support of an affidavit seeking a court order to conduct an   electronic surveillance; 2. Proprietary Interest cards identify   entities and/or individuals who own, lease, license or otherwise hold   a possessory interest in locations subjected to an electronic   surveillance sought by the FBI in a court order; and, 3. Overhear   cards identify, by true name or best known name, individuals and/or   entities who have been reasonably identified by a first name or   initial and a last name a being a party to a communication monitored/
  intercepted by the FBI.
Authority for maintenance of the system:   The ELSUR Index was initiated in October, 1966, at the recommendation   of the Department of Justice and relates to electronic surveillances   conducted/ sought by the FBI since 1/1/60. The authority for the   maintenance of these records is Title 5, Section 301, USC, which   grants the Attorney General the authority to issue rules and   regulations prescribing how Department of Justice information can be   employed. Title 18, U.S.C., Section 3504, also sets forth   recordkeeeping requirements.
Routine uses of records maintained in the system, including categories     of users and the purposes of such uses:   The Elsur Indices are utilized: (1) To respond to judicial inquiries   about possible electronic surveillance coverage of witnesses,   defendants, or attorneys involved in Federal court proceedings, and   (2) To enable the Government to certify whether a person regarding   whom court-order authority is being sought for electronic coverage has   ever been so covered in the past. The actual users of the indices are   always employees of the FBI.
  In addition, information may be released to the news media and the   public pursuant to 28 CFR 50.2 unless it is determined that release of   the specific information in the context of a particular case would   constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy;
  Member of Congress or staff acting upon the member's behalf when the   member or staff requests the information on behalf of and at the   request of the individual who is the subject of the record; and, to   the National Archives and Records Administration and the General   Services Administration in records management inspections conducted   under the authority of 44 U.S.C. 2904 and 2908 to the extent that   legislation governing the records permits.
Policies and practices for storing, retrieving, accessing, retaining,     and disposing of records in the system: Storage:   The records are maintained manually on 3 x 5 cards.
Retrievability:   Names/facilities are indexed and filed alphabetically. Telephone   numbers and other such serial or identification numbers targeted are   indexed and filed numerically. Locations targeted are indexed by   address and filed by street name.
Safeguards:   The index is maintained in a restricted access room at all times. The   entrance is equipped with a special locking device and alarm system   for off-duty hours when the index is not in use.
Retention and disposal:   Until advised to the contrary by the Department, the courts or   Congress, these indices will be maintained indefinitely. The indices   have been declared permanent by NARA. (Job No. NC1-65-82--4, Part E.   2. t.)
System manager(s) and address:   Director, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Washington, DC 20535.
Notification procedure:   Same as the above.
Record access procedures:   Inquiry addressed to Director, FBI, Washington, DC 20535.
Contesting record procedures:   Same as the above.
Record source categories:   Category of Individual.
Systems exempted from certain provisions of the act:   The Attorney General has exempted this system from subsections (c) (3)   and (4), (d), (e) (1), (2) and (3), (e)(4) (G) and (H), (e) (5) and   (8), (f), (g) and (m) of the Privacy Act pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 552a(j).   Rules have been promulgated in accordance with the requirements of 5   U.S.C. 553 (b), (c) and (e) and have been published in the Federal   Register.

@_date: 1997-08-15 20:04:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Export Transactions Espionage 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
 COMMERCE/ITA-1
System name: Individuals Identified in Export Transactions--
      COMMERCE/ITA-1.
System location: Office of Export Administration, ITA, U.S. Department
    of Commerce, 14th St. and Constitution Ave., NW, Washington, DC
    20230.
Categories of individuals covered by the system: a. Individuals involved
    in export transactions. Information is maintained on domestic and
    foreign companies and business officials, and includes U.S. citizens
    involved with or working for firms abroad. b. Individuals identified
    in an export administration compliance proceeding or investigation.
    Individuals alleged to have violated the Export Administration
    regulations; established violators of the regulations; certain other
    individuals identified by the FBI or other investigating agency or
    individual in the investigative process such as those involved in
    organized crime; and individuals who have received warning letters.
Categories of records in the system: Reports and cables from U.S.
    foreign service posts. Reports from F.B.I., other law enforcement or
    investigative agencies, investigators, or informants; investigative
    and intelligence data; documented violations; warning letters.
    Includes any information on alleged or proven violators of the
    Export Administration Act.
Authority for maintenance of the system: Export Administration Act of
    1979 (Pub. L. 96-72, 50 U.S.C. App. et seq.). 5 U.S.C. 301, 28
    U.S.C. 533-535, 44 U.S.C. 3101.
Routine uses of records maintained in the system, including categories
    of users and the purposes of such uses: See routine use paragraphs
    1-5 and 8-13 of the Prefatory Statement.
Policies and practices for storing, retrieving, accessing, retaining,
    and disposing of records in the system:
Storage: Paper records in file folders.
Retrievability: Information filed by case or subject file. All names are
    cross-referenced by name card file.
Safeguards: Records are located in lockable metal file cabinets or in
    metal file cabinets in secured rooms or secured premises with access
    limited to those whose official duties require access.
Retention and disposal: Retained for a reasonable period of time.
    Disposition is recorded.
System manager(s) and address: Director, Compliance Division, Office of
    Export Administration, ITA, U.S. Department of Commerce, Washington,
    DC 20230.
Notification procedure: Information may be obtained from: Privacy
    Officer, Office of Management and Systems, ITA, Room 3102, U.S.
    Department of Commerce, Washington, DC 20230. Requester should
    provide name, address, and case or subject, if known, pursuant to
    the inquiry provisions of the Department's rules which appear in 15
    CFR part 4b.
Record access procedures: Requests from individuals should be addressed
    to: Same address as stated in the notification section above.
Contesting record procedures: The Department's rules for access, for
    contesting contents, and appealing intial determinations by the
    individual concerned appear in 15 CFR part 4b. Use above address.
Record source categories:
  Individual exporters, those authorized by the individual exporters to
  furnish information, trade sources, investigative agencies,
  intelligence, investigative and other personnel of the Office of
  Export Administration, informants, CIA, FBI, Justice Department,
  Defense Department, Energy Department, and State Department.
Systems exempted from certain provisions of the act: Pursuant to 5
    U.S.C. 552a(j)(2), all information about an individual in the record
    which meets the criteria stated in 5 U.S.C. 552a(j)(2) are exempted
    from the notice, access and contest requirements of the agency
    regulations and from all parts of 5 U.S.C. 552a except subsections
    (b), (c)(1) and (2), (e)(4)(A) through (F), (e)(6), (7), (9), (10),
    and (11), and (i), and pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 552a(k)(1) and (k)(2) on
    condition that the 5 U.S.C. 552a(j)(2) exemption is held to be
    invalid, all investigatory material in the record which meets the
    criteria stated in 5 U.S.C. 552a(k)(1) and (k)(2) are exempted from
    the notice, access, and contest requirements (under 5 U.S.C.
    552a(c)(3), (d), (e)(1), (e)(4)(G), (H), and (I), and (f)) of the
    agency regulations because of the necessity to exempt this
    information and material in order to accomplish this law enforcement
    function of the agency, to prevent subjects of investigation from
    frustrating the investigatory process, to prevent the disclosure of
    investigative techniques, to fulfill commitments made to protect the
    confidentiality of sources, to maintain access to sources of
    information, and to avoid endangering these sources and law
    enforcement personnel. Section 12(c) of the Export Administration
    Act of 1979 also protects certain of this information and material
    related to export licenses from disclosure.

@_date: 1997-08-18 06:30:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Ames Criminal Complaint 
We've put the 39-page criminal complaint against Aldrich Ames and Rosario Ames, with arrest warrant and requests for search and seizure at:
     (93K)
Which may be compared to those of Jim Bell, in order,
as Bob Hettinga merrily portends, to ready us to ponder
each our own upcoming toilet plunge.
Too bad that Jim didn't get (or hasn't yet gotten) the kind
of swell-solitary-cell Rick and Rosario briefly enjoyed for CIA toilet diving (a la Trainspotting).

@_date: 1997-08-18 08:56:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Canarypunk: Jim Bell in a coalmine 
DEPARTMENT OF TREASURY
Treasury/IRS 60.001
System name:
   Assault and Threat Investigation Files, Inspection--Treasury/IRS.
System location:
   Office of the Chief Inspector, National Office; Regional Inspectors'
  Offices; as well as offices of the District Directors. (See IRS
  appendix A for addresses.)
Categories of individuals covered by the system:
   Individuals attempting to interfere with the administration of
  Internal Revenue laws through threats, assaults or forcible
  interference of any officer or employee while discharging the official
  duties of his position, or individuals classified as potentially
  dangerous taxpayers, based on verifiable evidence or information that
  fit the following criteria: (1) Taxpayers who physically assault an
  employee; (2) taxpayers who have on hand a deadly or dangerous weapon
  when meeting with an employee and it is apparent their purpose is to
  intimidate the employee; (3) taxpayers who make specific threats to do
  bodily harm to an employee; (4) taxpayers who use animals to threaten
  or intimidate an employee; (5) taxpayers who have committed the acts
  set forth in any of the above criteria (1) through (4), but whose acts
  have been directed against employees of other governmental agencies at
  Federal, state, county, or local levels; (6) taxpayers who are not
  classifiable as potentially dangerous through application of the above
  criteria (1) through (5), but who have demonstrated a clear propensity
  toward violence through acts of violent behavior to a serious and
  extreme degree within the five (5) year period immediately preceding
  the time of classification as potentially dangerous; and (7) persons
  who are active members in chapters of tax protest groups that advocate
  violence against IRS employees.

@_date: 1997-08-19 08:18:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RSA v. PGP Docs 
We've added three docs on the RSA v. PGP suit:
A June 4 Stipulation and Order to drop (postpone) a PGP motion to compel RSA/PGP arbitration pending arbitration between RSA and Caro-Kann on the rights to terminate the Lemcom license inherited by PGP:
   The arbitration was scheduled to begin June 18 but no documentation on its status is yet available in court files.
Two other procedural docs have been added to the
earlier package of PGP's responses to RSA at:
   We've created an index to the case's docs and will
make items as they arrives, which helpful parties from all sides have promised:

@_date: 1997-08-19 23:21:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Waco FU-CU 
Tim's mention of cypherpunks reaction to Waco savagery at
the time prompts an offer of the NYT firebrand today on nationwide
reaction to the film, "Waco: The Rules of Engagement," which
is revealing an upsurge in anti-government questioning of the
official story, and "not just from the wacko right" says one of
the leftist filmmakers:
   Audience members boo Attorney General Reno and "any other
figure of authority in the film."
For the officials' growing record of the "still smoldering story," see the
Treasury Deapartment's file on the Waco Administrative Review Group Investigation:
   It's fair to guess that FBI has a similar cache on deer-killing dissidents
in the national interest, but it's not flaunted to wolf-freak the sheep in the feebs "privacy" file, unlike Treasury's baiting of "for law enforcement use only" -- Tim's aptly acronymed FLEUO replacing FU-CU.

@_date: 1997-08-20 07:43:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Status of Cypherpunks list sites? 
Okay, mace me, I'm still posting to toad, and receiving from it, along with dupes from cyberpass, and TAing the latency. Toad's stuff comes right through, fast, while it's +/- all over the chart from cyberpass -- up to eight hours delay at times, even a day later,
with answers to vital controversies coming before the issue is shown to be misunderstood squat.
Excuse cyberpass dis for disarray, but toad's speed is handy when you've nothing to say and want to instantly scream it very clearly to yourself and the empty void rather than face the horror of fixing insyntax.
And, praise elvis, not all vaporings that come from toad makes it past molassel cyberpass, although most eventually oozes in. Null stench especially pops up from world-sucking toad, the kind that makes one's own East Coast voidance smell not so bad. Until
the West Coast wakes up and sez jesus cork that, we're fetal lunged Still, if Tim's right to call for toad discon, its reliable speedy drip drip drip of 24-hour addictive invective will be sorely missed when it presents a last time middle web and hops off into the swamp
leaving only one's own dig-itch digit to sniff and howl how awful.

@_date: 1997-08-20 21:22:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: e$: Cypherpunks Game: Terrorist Geodesic AP ZOG XXX-Teen NetFUD 
WaJo 8-20-97:
High Tech 'n' Terrorists: Clancy Signs 24-Book Deal
New York - Best-selling author Tom Clancy signed a 24-paperback deal with a division of Penguin Putnam Inc.
that is expected to be announced today, according to people close to the deal.
Berkley Publishing Group is paying an advance of approximately $22 million according to these people. The series, set in the near future, will include six adult and 18 juvenile novels.
Berkley will publish the series, "Tom Clancy's Netforce," over the next four to six years. In the books, the Internet and virtual reality have melded so that people spend most of their time on-line. The technology proves irresistible to terrorists and anticomputer zealots, who
are pursued by the Netforce.
The agreement comes on the heels of another deal Mr. Clancy recently made with Penguin, a unit of London media
company Pearson PLC. Pearson this month announced a long-term agreement with Red Storm Entertainment
Inc., a media-entertainment company founded by Mr. Clancy and Virtus Corp., an interactive-applications concern. Under that agreement, Penguin, along with
other Pearson subsidiaries, will join Red Storm to market multiplayer on-line games and other multimedia

@_date: 1997-08-20 22:57:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Belling the Bulls 
August 20, 1997
R.I. Passes Body Fluid Felony Law
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) -- Inmates on the East Coast refer to it as
``serving'' a prison guard, while in the West it's called ``gassing.'' Guards know it simply as being splashed or smeared with urine or feces. ``It's a badge of honor to serve an officer,'' said Richard Loud, president
of the Rhode Island Brotherhood of Correctional Officers. ``When an officer
gets served, the other inmates all cheer. They think it's a big joke.'' Rhode Island is among the states that have adopted laws to crack down on the
activity. A bill signed July 1 by Gov. Lincoln Almond makes throwing bodily
fluids or wastes a felony punishable by up to five more years behind bars
and a $5,000 fine. New York adopted a similar law last year, although, unlike the one in Rhode
Island, it didn't include saliva. ``I think Rhode Island probably has one of the best laws in the country,''
said Stephen Chand, director of federal affairs for the Law Enforcement
Alliance of America. Rep. Gerald Solomon, R-N.Y., has sponsored federal legislation requiring
that inmates be tested for the AIDS virus if their bodily fluid or waste
touches a guard. Two such assaults occur a month at Rhode Island's state prison, Loud said
Tuesday. Some believe the punishment is excessive. ``We think it is a harsh reaction to a non-issue,'' said Steve Brown,
executive director of the state chapter of the American Civil Liberties
Union. ``I think in most cases this will involve spitting. Inmates shouldn't
be spitting on guards, but certainly it doesn't merit a five-year prison
sentence.'' The act has been taking place for years in prisons, but such bills are
gaining strength because of the fear of AIDS. ``The scientific and medical evidence is abundantly clear that it is
virtually impossible to get infected with the HIV virus through that sort of
conduct,'' Brown said. Prisons already can punish inmates by placing them in solitary confinement
or revoking other privileges, or can try them for misdemeanor assault, Brown
said. But authorities have had trouble prosecuting inmates under the
misdemeanor assault law, said Rep. Joseph McNamara, D-Warwick, the bill's
sponsor. ``It's difficult to prove intent to do harm,'' McNamara said. However, he said, the fact that different slang terms exist for the act in
various parts of the country show how much a part of prison culture it is.

@_date: 1997-08-21 07:07:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Draft CCL Encryption Items Rule 
We've received from anonymous a July 25 draft of an Encryption
Items Interim Rule for the Export Administration Regulations
which describes Commerce Control List changes in response to public comments on the December 30, 1996 interim rule.
     (82K)
The draft is in Federal Register format but, as far as we have been
able to find, has not been published there. So if this doc was published
we'd like to hear.
Assuming the draft is legitimate, here's its summary of provisions (much
expanded in the full document):
[Begin summary]
Based on public comments to the December 30 interim rule, this interim rule
specifically makes the following changes:
- In 732.2, clarifies that BXA will consider acknowledgments and
assurances in electronic form provided that they are adequate to assure
legal undertakings similar to written acknowledgments and assurances.
- In 734.3, clarifies that downloading or causing the downloading of
encryption source code and object code in Canada is not controlled and does
not require a license, and clarifies that the methods used as precautions
to prevent unauthorized transfer of such code outside the United States or
Canada must be approved by BXA.
- In 740.6, clarifies that letters of assurance may be accepted in the
form of a letter or any other written communication from the importer,
including communications via facsimile.
- In 740.8, adds recovery encryption technology to the list of items
eligible for export under License Exception KMI, after a one-time review,
and adds a paragraph to authorize exporters of non-key recovery products
under License Exception KMI to service and support existing customers of
those products after the two-year transition period.  This section is also
amended by adding a paragraph to authorize exporters of non-recovery
encryption products under License Exception KMI to export additional
quantities of such products to existing customers under a license after the
two-year transition period.
- 740.8 is also amended by adding a new paragraph to authorize, after a
one-time review, exports and reexports under License Exception KMI of
non-key recovery financial-specific encryption items of any key length that
are restricted by design (e.g., highly field-formatted with validation
procedures, and not easily diverted to other end-uses)  for financial
applications to secure financial transactions, for end-uses such as intra
or inter-banking transfers and home banking.  No business and marketing
plan to develop, produce, and/or market similar encryption items with
recoverable features is required. Conforming changes are also made in
- In 740.9, removes the reference to Country Group D:1.  This clarifies
that encryption software controlled for EI reasons under ECCN 5D002 may be
pre-loaded on a laptop and exported under the tools of trade provisions of
License Exception TMP or License Exception BAG.
- In 740.14, clarifies existing provisions of License Exception BAG and
imposes a restriction on the use of BAG for exports or reexports of
EI-controlled items to terrorist supporting destinations or by other than
U.S. citizens and permanent residents.
-  742.15 is amended adding a new paragraph that authorizes exports under
an Encryption Licensing Arrangement of general purpose non-key recovery,
non-voice encryption items of any key length for use by financial
institutions (such as banks) in all destinations except Cuba, Iran, Iraq,
Libya, North Korea, Syria and Sudan.  Applications will be reviewed on a
case-by-case basis, and must be supported by a satisfactory business and
marketing plan which explains in detail the steps the applicant will take
during the two year transition period beginning January 1, 1997 to develop,
produce, and/or market similar encryption items with recoverable features.
- In Supplement No. 4 to part 742, paragraph (3), revises "reasonable
frequency" to "at least once every three hours" to resolve the ambiguity on
how often the output must identify the key recovery agent and
material/information required to decrypt the ciphertext.
- In Supplement No. 4 to part 742, paragraph (6)(i), clarifies that the
U.S. government must be able to obtain the key(s) or other
material/information needed to decrypt all data, without restricting the
means by which the key recovery products allow this.
- In Supplement No. 6 to part 742, eliminates the test vector requirement
for 7-day mass-market classification requests and replaces it with a
requirement to provide a copy of the encryption subsystem source code.
-  In Supplement No. 6 to part 742, adds 40-bit DES as being eligible for
consideration for mass-market eligibility, subject to the additional
criteria listed in this supplement.
- In  748.9 and 748.10, clarifies a long-standing policy that no support
documentation is required for exports of technology or software, and it
removes the requirement for such support documentation for exports of
technology or software to Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland,
Romania, or Slovakia.  This rule also exempts from support documentation
requirements all encryption items controlled under ECCNs 5A002, 5B002,
5D002 and 5E002.  This conforms with the practice under the ITAR prior to
December 30, 1996.
- In 750.7, authorizes certain specified changes to Commerce and State
Encryption Licensing Arrangements by letter.
- In 752.3, excludes encryption items controlled for EI reasons from
eligibility for a Special Comprehensive License.
- In 770.2, adds a new interpretation to clarify that encryption software
controlled for EI reasons under ECCN 5D002 may be pre-loaded on a laptop
and exported under the tools of trade provision of License Exception TMP or
the personal use exemption under License Exception BAG, subject to the
terms and conditions of such License Exceptions.
- In part 772, adds new definitions for "effective control", "encryption
licensing arrangement", "financial institution" and "recovery encryption
- In Supplement No. 1 to part 774, Category 5 - Telecommunications and
Information Security is amended by revising ECCN 5A002 to authorize exports
of components and spare parts under License Exception LVS, provided the
value of each order does not exceed $500 and to clarify that equipment for
the encryption of interbanking transactions is not controlled under that
- Revises the phrase "up to 56-bit key length DES" where it appears to read
"up to or equal to 56-bit key length DES", and makes other editorial
[End summary]

@_date: 1997-08-22 00:28:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Socio-Economic Cults (Re: CypherPunk Cults) 
Tis true that as these accusatory options for blaming others
are displayed here, it becomes hard to tell who's potshotting from
what shifting position to gain better fire lines at friend and
foe and own foot.
As the Bastiat quote shows, the 19th century is a fount of
apologies for wizened rapacity, as are those stuck in that time warp
of heyday national and indiivudal self-destruction in the cause of unshakeable rigteousness, an affliction far from cured in nations and
individuals wanting to be Number One while totally whacked
out on ... take your pick from the socio-politico-econo bazaar,
most of which derives from the days of pre-Bastiat and now recycled by crazy-lazy-minded 20th century rip-offers of the
insecurely rich.
Will evolution in action ever kick in, or will the promise of it,
like dreams of social justice and faith in the constitution and arms, forever cheat the maniacally despairing with so few other choices
for peace of mind?
Are there any reliable prefabricated alternatives from history, from
today, to self-imposed sheepledom of your sole invention?
Now, to move on to the day's news: Is Tim going to be kidnapped
by a gang of mixed breed cops and ammo merchants, shot instantly
and chained in dugout till his loved redeems his maggoty carcass by
redistributing his nestegg? That's the topic of the NYT's lead business story today, the need for secret ransom insurance, so secret that it does not make you a free-for-taking target like the usual unwise display of peacockery.
Hide it if you got it, hide your lush affiliations too, the poor reporters advise, or the world's scum with nothing else to do but watch and wait are gonna snag your unsmart ass when you least expect it, now as in ages past, unless, to be sure, more scum-world guardians are hired and more big-nuke prayerbooks and ransom policys are arsenaled bedside, 4X, ankle and thigh.

@_date: 1997-08-22 23:32:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: $1 Million Code Crack 
$treet Journal, August 22, 1997, p. A7A.
   Hackers' Paradise: Get Wealthy Legally By Cracking a Code
   Crypto-Logic Offers to Pay $1 Million to the Breaker Of
   Encryption for E-Mail    By Rodney Ho
   A start-up company would like you to hack your way to $1
   million.
   Crypto-Logic Corp. of Austin, Texas, claims to have created
   an encryption system for electronic mail so foolproof that
   it can't be broken. If someone can figure out a special
   encrypted e-mail message within a year, the company says it
   will pay a reward of $1 million.
   But wait. The technology Crypto-Logic is using for the
   contest hasn't exactly been foolproof. The three computers
   needed to create the contest's Web site unexpectedly
   scrambled data in the site last week, said David Neeley,
   vice president and chief operating officer.
   The breakdown forced him to backtrack from last week's
   announcement that the contest would begin last Friday.
   Instead, he spent several days attempting to fix the
   computers, but to no avail. On Monday, he had to get
   replacement computers. "I've got thousands of dollars worth
   of machinery that's not worth blowing up," he grouses. But
   he adds, "I regard this as my screw-up. In this world,
   there are no excuses." He finally got the contest running
   Wednesday, at    On the bright side, cryptologists agree that the
   decades-old encryption method that Crypto-Logic is claiming
   to use -- called a "one-time pad" -- is theoretically
   unbreakable. Each "pad" has a set of uniquely random
   digital symbols that are coded to the actual message. The
   recipient uses the same symbols to decrypt the message. The
   pads are used only once.
   To limit the possibility of leaks, Crypto-Logic Chairman
   Stan Spence is the only person who knows the message that
   was encrypted. The solution is kept in a NationsBank vault
   in Austin, Mr. Spence says. In addition, Mr. Neeley says
   the $1 million is backed by an insurance company he won't
   name.
   Several other companies have held similar contests,
   typically offering more modest sums.
   Jim Bidzos, president of RSA Data Security Inc. in Redwood
   City, Calif., says his company frequently holds break-the-
   code contests to test how tough certain encryption systems
   are. But he and other security experts are skeptical of
   Crypto-Logic's assertions. "Anyone who says their system is
   bulletproof is either a liar or stupid," says Winn
   Schwartau, a Largo, Fla., security expert.
   Mr. Neeley admits his integrity is on the line. "If I'm
   wrong," he notes, "we're out of business."
   [End]

@_date: 1997-08-23 03:57:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Mathematics > NSA + GCHQ 
Along this line:
A few days ago we received an 8-page excerpt from "Shift Register
Sequences," by Solomon W. Golomb (at USC), Holden-Day, Inc., no date, with a handwritten note:
   NSA has tried to suppress knowledge of this stuff. Nearly all NSA 'good'
   algorithms are based on this technology.
IANAM, so would any of the mathematicians here give any credibility to this claim? We'll scan and put the excerpt on our Web site if worthwhile.
It's composed of the book's 3 page preface and 5 pages of text and
diagrams of Chapter 2 on The Shift Register as a Finite State Machine,
with principal focus on de Bruijn diagrams for shift registers.

@_date: 1997-08-24 00:47:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Plot of the Platypus 
Moreover, upon finer resolution of examination or by use of a different tool, disorders are often discovered to be indistinguishable from orders with
a slightly larger maw.
Thus, do maws and survivalist manuals and bibles and cults of incontrovertible wisdom thrive and beef-up and kudzu every more uncontrollability, until ... the four bad-ass dudes ride in to waste the evanescent land and mindscape, allowing the cosmo-launder cycle to We've a stack of pre-owned omni-space-time prayerbooks for offer,
e-ver or tear-and-blood-stained print.

@_date: 1997-08-24 07:39:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Toast NYC, Waste World, Let Me Help 
A Teller idea, pulverize everything east of Broadway (I'm west), the Atlantic Community, landmass Asia, Pacific Rim and isles, all the
way round to putrid New Jersey, but, hey, precision shape the shot so my house of cards, now thirty years in the making and almost done, gets finally finished. There's a $25 booby prize involved and its my sole Friedman-free market pension, having never fed the FDR pinko kitty, having never invested wisely, having never
got more than a sack to piss blood in, getting what the American people promised in the We Want You, Be All You Can Be. Yeah, warlords, you're right, what a sucker-punch that Constitution shit is, no protection at all when you're biting bullets for American Tim's right, every bullshit warrior's right, it's time to get over that, clean the cobwebs, unpawn my rusty rifles and attack the Bronx VA pigsty, pop a dozen or two useless torsos not worth wasting taxes on, sweep down
Broadway to Wall Street, shooting, shoot the shit out of whatever rasps my nuts, shoot, shoot, save the fucked up taxpayers pennies to invest in junk IPOs and electronic toys.
Yeah, get back to being a hot-blood with guts to do the right thing. Yes sir, this is my rifle, this is my gun, this is for work, this is for fun. No more fun, no more doubt about what's right and wrong, fuck that. Nurse Rachet, unhook my bag, get my peg, call me a cab, lend me ten, back to glory, one last time.

@_date: 1997-08-24 22:16:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Draft Crypto Regs 
Peter Wayner reports in the on-line New York Times today on the draft BXA encryption regs being circulated among government agencies for comment. Peter highlights the proposed
new restrictions on electronic distribution of crypto. Adam Shostack
is quoted:
   For those unable to access the NYT site, we've put a copy at:
   We remind that a July 25 version of the draft regs is available at:

@_date: 1997-08-25 02:55:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: National Labs Want Dole or Deal 
NYT reported yesterday on the national labs efforts to attract
commercial clients to offset declines in national security funding, with Sandia being featured.
   We've been receiving from Bill Payne, ex-Sandia cryptographer,
a series of reports and letters on what's happening to enraged
Sandia scientists and staff as the budgets decline and piddling
new missions are sought, while facing the congressional threat to close all the labs and the entire Department of Energy. We'll offer
one of the astute assessments shortly which describes the
bind imported managers are in to turn the labs into dog-eat-dog corporate sweatshops, and how the not so dumb scientists are learning to fuck with the heads of the hatcheters, refusing to work,
bickering, prolonging disputes, sabotaging projects, maybe/maybe not whispering secrets to bad people in other countries, or worst of all, disclosing vital national information to commercial interests, that
is, outfox management by arranging a private deal.
As the NY Times recently reported on the fearsome threats nuclear weapons scientists are making to keep funding coming, noting that the Russians are doing the same, all rather brilliantly saying: keep us "peacekeepers" doing the dirty work happy or suffer the consequences when the loyal patriotic guards go over the fence, or simpler, open the gates, that is sell the PAL codes, barter the diagrams, to maintain our "entitlement".
Yep, the Sandia manager claims that the best and brightest scientists
of the US believe that their dole should be for life. Or they are going to
get very black market ammo oriented, that's market-Oriented.
The Times editorialized today that the nation's leaders must not give
in to nuclear blackmail from its own professional nuclear blackmailers.
Yet who's going to pay the nuclear gunslingers if we don't? Eh, Mr. Crispin? What do you know that we don't and what will you
charge to tell?

@_date: 1997-08-25 06:31:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Stealth Helicopters 
The GAO reports that the B-2 stealth bomber cannot fly in the rain,
which transforms stealth technology into junk. Moreover, the fragile machine needs strict atmospheric control in the hangar or its skin rots and delicate innards peter out, and because there are none of the luxurious digs overseas, the plane cannot be deployed closer to targets, thereby limiting its threat. The problem is apparently unsolvable for less than the cost of the plane itself, so they've got to be pickled and coddled indefinitely or thrown away.
   Once armaments, tactics and strategy were battle-tested by using them for war, now with high-price simulation being widely deployed
to save money, it's pretty certain that the price of war games will eventually rise to cost exactly the same as an actual war, indeed
will make war a cheaper alternative.
What's a wonder is that GAO never finds serious fault with any of
the government programs it judiciously investigates. Instead, after due research, request for comments from those investigated, and
fair deliberation, the somewhat tawdry matters at hands merely require additional funding for fine tuning and keep the congressional sponsors happy to fund the programs, the watch-dogs and shrewdly voting taxpayers doing what needs to be done to complain and bank
their cut, short 10% for all the world's sterling leaders. Jeez, is this a California dream of virtual reality war games forever or the bleeding edge of the future set in motion at the dawn of:
making peace, making war, what's the diff so long as me and mine
never get drafted, never take the actual hit, never wake up dead?

@_date: 1997-08-25 20:36:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BXA Meet in Portland OR 
Any chance someone NW can attend this and report?
Federal Register: August 25, 1997 (Volume 62, Number 164)

@_date: 1997-08-25 23:58:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BXA Meet in Portland OR 
An excellent start would be Adam Shostack's questioning of the
legal authority for the feds to restrict publishing. See his Tom Paine
taunt in Peter Wayner's NYT report yesterday, and as posted here.
Declaring yourself to be a cpunk, well, can you get a hearing at a
hearing of closed EARs any better way?

@_date: 1997-08-26 00:44:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BXA Meet in Portland OR 
John Young wrote to Alan Olsen:
There's a small mountain of info available on the EAR, Wassenaar, and
the unfolding crypto regs, providing anyone wants to consult it.
Michael Foomkin has reviewed the legal gounds for continuing the
"national emergency" undergirding the repeatedly extended period
for not legislating up-to-date export regulations. To put off the fight
to pass a new law, every August, as done a few days ago
( the presiding president issues an executive order under the International Emergency Economic Power Act
(IEEPA) extending the national emergency initially declared during what appeared to be a genuine national threat decades ago.
It is these series of orders that legalize the EARs, and a lot more,
so I read, beyond our decryption of the state/mil/com multi-level DMS.
See Michael's site for more on IEEPA and much more A-1 crypto-legal stuff at:
   We've documented some of the more recent EAR shenanigans on our site at:
   Similarly, background and foreground on the status of BXA implementation of the Wassenaar Arrangement, to be discussed at the Portland meet, is available on Greg Broiles site at:
   And at our site at:
   BXA has written me that the bureau expects to issue regulations
implementing Wassenaar "this summer," international-oriented regs which will cover the full spectrum of dual-use and militarily critical technologies.The current draft CCL regs circulating for domestic applications seems to part of an orchestrated campaign
to address all export issues -- domestic and international -- at once, using one to leverage the other.
Something similar appears to be taking place worldwide. See
Bert-Jaap Koop's ever-changing survey of world crypto law at:
   Even so, it'll be hard to wade through all this e-paper pile before the meet, and probably would not be effective anyway, for the
meet's sponsors know all that and couldn't give a shit. A heavy-metal instrument is needed to turn their attention away from impenetrable
legal and military  and NDA-commercial protection. Now we turn the target-finder over to Mr. Tim May and those anonymees worldwide who wish to ... lock and load, wait, not guns,
even more powerful munitions to penetrate through thick skulls
who are convinced they're the smartest bastards on earth with
the biggest CPUs run by tiniest algos to prove it.

@_date: 1997-08-26 05:48:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Reuter on Bernstein Ruling 
CNN Online, 26 August 1997:
Encryption rules rejected Judge says federal regulations barring unlicensed exports unconstitutional San Francisco, Aug 25 (Reuter) - U.S. government regulations on the export
of encryption software are unconstitutional, a federal judge ruled on Monday. U.S. District Judge Marilyn Hall Patel said licensing requirements
for the export of encryption software and related devices were an
unconstitutional prior restraint on First Amendment free speech rights.
Patel also issued a permanent injunction barring the government
from enforcing the regulations against plaintiff Daniel Bernstein or anyone
who sought to use, discuss or publish his encryption program.
Encryption involves running a readable message though a computer
program that translates the message according to an equation or algorithm
into unreadable "ciphertext."
"By the very terms of the encryption regulations, the most common
expressive activities of scholars -- teaching a class, publishing their
ideas, speaking at conferences, or writing to colleagues over the Internet

@_date: 1997-08-26 05:58:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BXA Meet in Portland OR 
I'd like to applaud all those who've been working on this legal hack for
years now, keeping flatfeet to fire. For mind-opening, hard-headed reading, in addition to Froomkin and Bernstein, see the briefs on Karn and Junger, see Gilmore's files, study all the crypto sites which show the depth of
research that has often had to be ripped out of the government'g tight paws still fiercely resisting loss of control over "the national interest."
Tim's "crazy man" threat, artfully delineated in his CA Manifesto and Cyphernomicon, who might just do what "rational minds" won't, is also to be admired for reminding the insiders that not everyone abides the rules of the court when they are not wisely applied for this time and these newly divergent, even anarchic, interests. Read Tim for inspiration when the
briefs numb, then go back and study the briefs some more, and you'll
see that they don't read the same, there's more fire there than appears
at first glance, then return to Tim and see that, well, god damn, so that's what he's saying and we've not been really hearing. Shit, he's crazier, the briefs are crazier, the government's crazier than rational minds can
bear to believe.
When you can't take them any more, read Duncan Frissell, and freak with
terrible understanding that the world you've long thought solid and, forever
around to complain about and blame, may be crumbling, that we're going to
be wholly on our own to fight the monsters.
Beware, though, you may suddenly want the gov to endure.
Too late, the angry power-infected lab rats are loose, AP bent.

@_date: 1997-08-26 07:15:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Commerce Department encryption rules declared  unconstitutional 
Does this not shift now to Peter Junger's suit: same issues, broader
challenge, same opposing arguments? Did Patel rule narrowly in
Bernstein to set the stage for the broader case in the works?
BTW, is there a suit being readied to follow Peter's? Karn II? PRZ 6.0?
What say, Peter, Lee, Cindy, Phil, Phil, Anthony et al?

@_date: 1997-08-26 08:49:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Forbes article on Financial Cryptography is coming 
All right! Congrats to all. Hail, to Sameer the Overthrower. And to Adam Shostack, now daily distinguished bullseye spit-eye at bug-eyed authority.
Hettinga and Greenspan, assuring the end of greenbacks, uh huh.

@_date: 1997-08-27 00:26:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Reuter on Bernstein Ruling 
Is Snuffle on line anywhere now? If not, anyone got a source?
Or is Dan reserving the honor?

@_date: 1997-08-27 01:32:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Snuffle 
Dan Bernstein's 1990 presentation of Snuffle on sci.crypt is
available at:
   ftp://coast.cs.purdue.edu/pub/tools/unix/snuffle.shar
Dan writes, "Don't you dare send this outside the US without
checking with the appropriate agencies."
It's a kick, Dan, to send it, without having to check, thanks to you
and team, at:

@_date: 1997-08-29 19:47:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SAFE D.O.A. 
29 August 1997, C4I News:
A key member of the House National Security Committee (HNSC) said that a bill loosening export controls on U.S. encryption technology is "dead on arrival." HNSC has until September 12 to issue
recommendations on the bill.
"I'm not going to support something being ramrodded down our throats," Rep.Curt Weldon said in a recent telephone interview. Weldon said Goodlatte's bill will not reach the House floor because of Rep. Solomon's opposition. Unlike NSA, Weldon is unsure whether "key recovery" is an answer to the security issue posed by loosening export restrictions on encryption. "I don't like the idea of government controlling business," Weldon said. Full story:

@_date: 1997-08-29 20:02:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Snuffle Snuffed 
For those not on the cypherpunks at toad list, there have been
a few messages on the Bernstein decision which seem not to have been forwarded to the other lists, apparently because they
were sent directly by "bernstein-announce at toad.com."
We've put them on our site and can be browsed at:
   The latest last night from Bernstein's attorney is that the USG
has gotten a stay from Patel's on her August 25 decision (see
PGP Inc. message below). The stay removes protections from those who may have posted Snuffle to the Web (as JYA did). Hence, we've removed the two versions of Snuffle we had
hosted.  After, we note, DoJ and Commerce had downloaded
the evidence and our vitae. DoJ's Anthony Coppolino would not discuss the stay when I called him at 202-514-4782.
However, we would like to offer lieu of the Snuffle files links
to offshore sites if there are any who wish to host the US national security threats.
Adam Back posted one version here a few days back, and
Purdue has Dan's 1990 original offer to sci.crypt. For leads
to the two see:
      Here's a the message from PGP, Inc.:
Return-Path: X-Sender: kohn at mail.pgp.com
        Ewasserman at sjmercury.com, dang at cnet.com, steven at echo.net,
        abate at ccnet.com, wendyg at cix.compulink.co.uk, amy at netcom.com,
        courtm at cnet.com, alan.boyle at MSNBC.COM, declan at well.com,
        sep at cbsnews.com, kenc at cwi.emap.com, arb at well.com, exp at mk.ibek.com,
        bransten at interactive.wsj.com, TomBemis at pacbell.net,
        sam.perry at reuters.com, jimevans at aol.com, ljflynn at aol.com,
        wendyl at ljx.com, bernstein-announce at toad.com
Reply-To: Bob Kohn Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
Too bad.  Prof. Bernstein was perfectly positioned to become a great -- and
the only legal -- exporting reseller of PGP software.  (no, this is not off
the record)
Robert H. Kohn
Vice President, Business Development
PRETTY GOOD PRIVACY, INC.
2121 S. El Camino Real, 9th Floor
San Mateo, California 94403
Direct: (415) 524-6220
Cellular: (415) 297-6527
Main: (415) 572-0430
Fax: (415) 572-1932
kohn at pgp.com
PGP Home Page: Personal Home page: "If all the personal computers in the world - ~260 million computers - were
put to work on a single PGP-encrypted message, it would still take an
estimated 12 million times the age of the universe, on average, to break a
single message."
 -- William Crowell, Deputy Director of the National Security Agency,

@_date: 1997-08-30 02:30:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Snuffle Availability 
Dan Bernstein's 1990 version of Snuffle posted to sci.crypt remains available:
   ftp://coast.cs.purdue.edu/pub/tools/unix/snuffle.shar

@_date: 1997-08-30 08:06:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cylink Withdraws Claims in RSA v, PGP 
VM has pointed out that RSA put a letter on its Web site
yesterday from Caro-Kann withdrawing its claims in the
RSA v. PGP suit. The letter is a GIF file, and VM has made
a transcript of it and provided commentary on the case and
what is now in the offing:

@_date: 1997-08-30 22:05:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Stay Motion Handled 1-5 
We're banging away on the 20 Stay Motion images, up to page 5
of the USA's Ex Parte, will continue, and send along the pack
when done. Not to head off anyone who wants to start at the back
and MITM.

@_date: 1997-08-30 23:08:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Stay Motion Handled, All Pages 
We've completed keying in the 20 Stay Motion images, and
are formatting and proofreading. Will send along when ready.

@_date: 1997-08-31 00:34:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Stay Pages Finished 
The 20 images of the Stay have been digitized and formatted:
   Thanks again to Dan, the Bernstein primary team and EFF.

@_date: 1997-12-03 07:36:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Transforming Defense 
The National Defense Panel presented yesterday to the Secretary of Defense its 95-page report on the future of US defense:    "Transforming Defense: National Security in the 21st Century."
It's available in PDF format at:
     (386K)
The report proposes an impressive 30-year overhaul for the military, with a recommendation that the two-major-wars strategy be replaced with that of preparing for one major war and a host of more limited defenses overseas and at home to combat enemies who will not challenge superior conventional armaments but will utilize "asymmetrical" NBC weapons, terrorism, information We've converted the Executive Summary to HTML:
   And a section on "Homeland Defense" which proposes a role for military forces to "protect against all enemies foreign and domestic" by providing intelligence, training, equipment and other aid to justice and law enforcement.
   As noted in the NYT today, the report asks for a shakeup in
intelligence, with renewed emphasis on training human spies
to compensate for what technology cannot do.
Along that line, the NYT also reports today on a huge Libyan
deeply-buried pipeline system under construction which is suspected of being a distribution system for troops and equipment as well as CB weapons, placed underground to escape satellite
spies. The report is based on descriptions of engineers and
corporations working on the project.
One feature of the NDP report, as well as other closed defense
panel meetings, is the need for weapons to attack underground
structures -- like those vast catcombs in Lybia and North Korea,
and the US for that matter -- Cheyenne Mountain is still being
re-hardened regularly, and its electronics re-Tempested, not that the local skinheads will not find a way to hack the bunker as trusted EEs and sys admins.

@_date: 1997-12-04 08:20:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Censorial leftists (Was: Interesting article) 
Oh my, this appears to suggest "leftist" means "liberal," the
evil twin of evil libertarianism.
Some, one or two or least, leftists are far right of the hard right in
opposing big government, and even beyond that in opposing
big business (Time-Warner, say, or ACLU), and ever further oppositon to big ambitions for big heads prescribing nostrums for the nation and the world under universalizing creeds of liberty, freedom and, well you know how liberals and kissing cousin libertarians lip and gum.
Say, how do you distinguish between the two libers in matters
of wanting to tell the world what's good for it, wanting to run
it just so? Wasn't it the '60s radicals who pronounced pox
on feverish liberals and rabid libertarians for their righteous
complicity in gov, com, edu, etc., their common inability to
forgo wanting to run things from the top, to hang out with the
most influential, ahem, each other's dear friends, the "leaders"?
Fabulous Ralph Naders, all.

@_date: 1997-12-04 21:45:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Land Attack on Routers/Servers 
Hackers Out for IP Blood with New Land Attack  The Internet underworld last week unsheathed a new weapon  capable of knocking out IP-based routers and servers, sending  vendors scrambling to find ways to safeguard their gear.  Land Attack, officially known as land.c program code, was posted  on the Net by someone called "Meltman" and used last week in  attacks on Cisco Systems, Inc. routers and Unix and Windows  NT servers. Some of the targeted machines were slowed to a  crawl, while others had to be rebooted.  Land Attack represents a new twist on the dreaded "TCP SYN  flooding" denial-of-service attack.  But unlike TCP SYN flooding, Land Attack sends out just one  sinister SYN packet in which the sending devices IP address has  been swapped out for the IP address of the destination machine.  When the destination machine tries to acknowledge receipt of the  transmission, it ends up using its own address, which means it
 sends the message back to itself, resulting in a potentially fatal
 loopback condition. "If someone could find a way to use this  Land Attack program to spread this across the Internet, it could  cause major service disruptions," said Chris Klaus, chief
 technology officer at Internet Security Systems, Inc.
More at:

@_date: 1997-12-05 10:29:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Mob Combat 
The those with an interest in extraordinary descriptions of the
bloody, vicious mayhem and carnage of urban warfare, The Philadelphia Inquirer has been running a series since late November describing in gory detail a disastrous battle between US Special Forces and Somalian mobs in 1993. With gunship video, maps and audio of US and Somalis participants. You won't  forget it:

@_date: 1997-12-06 00:51:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SynData/Schneier Attack Network Associates 
Right to Privacy for Sale in Cyberspace; SynData Technologies Inc.  Speaks Out  Against Key Recovery
 Cedar Grove, N.J. -- SynData Technologies Inc., a provider of encryption  software solutions, released a statement today condemning Network  Associates Inc. for supporting the government's key recovery program.  Network Associates recently purchased Pretty Good Privacy (PGP).
 PGP had historically been opposed to key recovery.  "It is time to seriously consider the threat that Network Associates poses
 to the individual's constitutional right to privacy," said David Romanoff, CEO  of SynData Technologies Inc. "While Network Associates claims to protect
 privacy in cyberspace, they have actually traded our right to privacy for a  shot at increased revenues overseas by supporting the key recovery program.  The slippery slope has begun right under our noses. It's time to challenge  both the government and companies who support the government's key
 recovery program before it is too late."  "The government's key recovery program is a complete violation of the
 individual's right to privacy and, in fact, compromises of the system are  already taking place. This shows that key escrow is an untenable policy,"  said Bruce Schneier, one of the world's leading authorities on encryption  and author of the book "Applied Cryptography". "SynData is paving the
 way for other software developers by taking a stand in opposition to the  government and companies like Network Associates."

@_date: 1997-12-06 07:24:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SynData/Schneier Attack Network Associates 
Wes, below's the full article and source. You can reach Bruce via
 4 December 1997, PRNewswire:
 Right to Privacy for Sale in Cyberspace; SynData Technologies Inc. Speaks Out  Against Key Recovery
 Cedar Grove, N.J. -- SynData Technologies Inc., a provider of encryption
software  solutions, released a statement today condemning Network Associates Inc., the  market leader for virus protection software products, for supporting the
government's  key recovery program. Network Associates Inc., formerly known as McAfee
Associates Inc.,
 recently purchased Pretty Good Privacy (PGP) for $36 million, an encryption
 software provider. PGP had historically been opposed to key recovery.  "It is time to seriously consider the threat that Network Associates poses
to the
 individual's constitutional right to privacy," said David Romanoff, CEO of
 Technologies Inc. "While Network Associates claims to protect privacy in
 cyberspace, they have actually traded our right to privacy for a shot at
 revenues overseas by supporting the key recovery program. The slippery slope
 has begun right under our noses. It's time to challenge both the government and
 companies who support the government's key recovery program before it is too
 late."  The United States Commerce Department does not allow US encryption software
 makers to export strong encryption without a key recovery program. Companies
 who do not believe in the government's key recovery program are forced to
 develop both export and domestic versions of their software, each with a
 strength.  "The government's key recovery program is a complete violation of the
 individual's right to privacy and, in fact, compromises of the system are
 taking place. This shows that key escrow is an untenable policy," said Bruce
 Schneier, one of the world's leading authorities on encryption and author
of the
 book "Applied Cryptography". "SynData is paving the way for other software
 developers by taking a stand in opposition to the government and companies like
 Network Associates."  SynData Technologies does not believe in key recovery or other government
 involvement in the regulation of the encryption software industry. The company
 also believes that the current export curbs on encryption put the entire
industry at
 a competitive disadvantage. Additionally, these policies undermine the
security of
 the global marketplace and put the individual's right to privacy at risk.  SynData Technologies Inc., based in Cedar Grove, New Jersey, unveiled their
 flagship encryption software product, SynCrypt, in September of this year.
 SynCrypt is available directly from SynData Technologies, 800-499-1469, and
 through downloads from the company's Website:

@_date: 1997-12-07 03:33:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SynData/Schneier Attack Network Associates 
Has Phil Zimmermann responded to the months long  criticism
of PGP 5.0 for Business and PGP's acquisition by Network
If not, what seems to be the most reasonable explanation for
Phil not answering, to allay suspicions and sustain PGP's
worldwide reputation? The explanations by others working
with PGP, Inc. would surely be more credible if Phil expressed public support for their views.
I still find it hard to accept that Phil would squander his personal
reputation, and thereby the reputation of his invention, by
refusing to provide a public accounting of what's happening
with PGP Inc. And, no matter the legal and financial restrictions
that might be contraining him. And no matter that PGP's
competitors are probably encouraging some of the attacks.
Security by obscurity, by indifference to public doubts, seems
to be a surefire way to undermine Phil's years long struggle
to distinguish himself from those less courageous than him
who are pushing products less reliable than PGP has been
believed to be until now.
It's a haunting thought to consider that Phil may have been
shown evidence by others that PGP is not as reliable as many have long believed, evidence that perhaps demonstrates what
he knew all along. This is harsh suspicion and one that needs
his response, if for no other reason to allay the fear that even
prior versions of PGP are now suspect.
PGP and Phil's personal reputation are at stake, not PGP, Inc., which is secondary. There are lots of folks whose freedom, if not lives, may be at risk due to his silence.
Perhaps it's time for Phil to reaffirm that difficult choice between success and conviction, between making a killing and betraying others to do so. To remind those who think you can have both ways and get away with it is a cowardly fantasy too often hidden behind self-serving ethics.
If Phil personally (not the PGP officer, not the distinguished scientist
bullshit role, not the PGP employees) refuses to stand behind PGP as it has been known and trusted, then PGP and Phil should be denounced forever as a grand deception and treachery, even worse than the other crypto products eagerly shaped -- and openly proud of it -- to fit the specs of the paymaster snoops Phil himself once bravely challenged.
I think Phil will come through now, as he has in the past, to distinguish
himself and PGP (not Inc.) from the craven pack.
If he doesn't, it's smart to give up using PGP in all its guises past and

@_date: 1997-12-10 05:57:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI's Kallstrom Retiring 
Thanks to Anon:
CNN is saying FBI Ass. Dir. Jimmy "I never met a tap I didn't like"
Kallstrom is retiring. He was the standard-bearer for the FBI Wiretap bill, and is a
noted ally of Louie Freeh.
He's going to work for MNBA Bank.

@_date: 1997-12-10 06:44:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Censored] Quote of the Day (fwd) 
Damn, Jim, it's been nice having you here. Huntsville's agape
for sugary puckers "threatening an officer."
Still that beats joining the roadkill at the bottom of Lake Travis for messing with Texas.

@_date: 1997-12-10 09:29:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Censored] Quote of the Day (fwd) 
Jim Choate wrote, strictly adhering to permissible topics here:
DPS sumbitch ran me down near DFW, me and my crap filled van, my mangy hide and shaggy hair, my NY plates, my wildly dumped substances, and sat behind for a few drags of AC in 100 degree heat, miked in the number, adjusted his mirrors, tilted the vidcam skyward, and climbed out, a big, very big widowmaker high on his fat ass, hustled his privates, spat juice, and farted hard enough to quiver the VW and me.
Where you heading son, what's the hurry, why you messing Texas
highways with this garbage? Not on my watch, Yankee, let me see paper on this wreck, the vehicle, you. What's that smell?
Anyway, 24 later, I got the rig back, trashed more so, not so different, the lining had been long gone, so searching it was easy. What was new were ten bullet holes penetrating side to side, .30 caliber I guess, and a shotgunned rear window, inside out.
No ticket, no fine, just a reminder of highway justice, on the orderly
property of the State of Texas, lawfully administered by cop, judge and jury on the spot, for cost saving efficiency.
BTW, any chance your recent system troubles are related to your
threats to law and order? DPS got cooperative service interrupters?
Administering info highway justice.

@_date: 1997-12-10 12:22:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Staff changes at the Center for Democracy and Technology 
Shabbir begged:
Very well. It's a fact that Dick Morris, Stephanopoulos and Gorelick
are your business feeds, Scaife, Gates and Dell are your sugardaddies and USG, SG, and CN have bought you for a Net chokehold campaign of global scare dupery, combined with deal for industry giants to ruin workaround pygmies.
Your pure-gold credential is all the folks who once trusted you to never, ever swap principle for piles of moola (and cut them out).
Now admit it, you're beating hire-me's and lie-for-me's off with a stick.
Listen, I've got a near-indicted who needs you.

@_date: 1997-12-11 00:06:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA News 
"National Cryptologic Strategy for the 21st Century":
   "UFO Documents Index"
   "NSA's FOIA/PA Home Page"
   "National Vigilance Park"
      "During the Cold War period of 1945-1977, a total of more than    40 reconnaissance aircraft were shot down. The secrecy of the    reconnaissance programs prevented recognition of the slain    military personnel at the time of the incidents. Their loss was    mourned by their fellow soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines in    similar programs, but the fallen could not be accorded public    honors. The end of the Cold War has allowed the United States    to lift some of its security restrictions concerning the    reconnaissance programs, permitting us at last to accord due    recognition of the achievements and sacrifices of these intrepid    military personnel, and to tell their stories. "

@_date: 1997-12-13 11:42:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell's Sentencing? 
No news here about Jim Bell's scheduled sentencing today.
Oddly, there have been no entries in the publically accessible electronic version of the court docket since October 24, including nothing about the November 21 delay in sentencing which we confirmed from another reporting service in Tacoma.
Someone's going to check with the court clerk on Monday.
Anyone in the NW see anything in the papers?

@_date: 1997-12-13 11:53:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Sentenced: AP Report 
Bell gets 11 months in prison, 3
                years supervised release, fine                              The Associated Press
                           12/12/97 7:54 PM Eastern
             TACOMA (AP) -- A federal judge Friday imposed an 11-month
             sentence for tax violations on James Dalton Bell, whose 10-part
             Internet essay, "Assassination Politics," proposed apparent
             "bounties" on government officials.              Federal prosecutors say he was advocating bounties on public
             officials he considered "miscreants" and "slimeballs." Bell has
             he was theorizing, not advocating any killing.              The Vancouver, Wash., man pleaded guilty in July to trying to
             impede Internal Revenue Service agents and to using false Social
             Security numbers to hide his assets.              After his prison term, U.S. District Judge Franklin Burgess
             ordered Bell to undergo three years of supervised release. He also
             was ordered to pay $1,359 in restitution for damage caused by a
             stink bomb he set off at the IRS's Vancouver office.              Bell's essay was cited in the indictment as a means by which he
             sought to intimidate IRS agents, Assistant U.S. Attorney Annmarie
             Levins said.              A news release from federal prosecutors says that as part of his
             plea agreement, Bell "admitted advocating a scheme called
             `Assassination Politics' whereby persons would be rewarded with
             `digital cash' through the Internet for killing undesirable
people.              "Bell identified government employees, particularly IRS
             employees, as such undesirable people, and argued that the threat
             of `Assassination Politics' would intimidate them from enforcing
             Internal Revenue laws for fear of being assassinated."              He also admitted proposing "Assassination Politics" as an
             enforcement mechanism for the anti-government Oregon extremist
             group Multnomah County Common Law Court, which purports to
             try government officials for performance of their duties, the
             release said.              Prosecutors and Bell's public defender sought a sentence of 6 to
             12 months as part of a plea bargain. Federal probation officers
             recommended 27 months, citing the "totality" of Bell's behavior.              Bell described "Assassination Politics" as a means for ordinary
             citizens to take action against public officials they perceived as
             having violated their rights.              "What if they could go to their computers, type in the miscreant's
             name and select a dollar amount. The amount they, themselves,
             would be willing to pay to anyone who `predicts' that
             officeholder's death," he wrote.              "That donation would be sent, encrypted and anonymously, to a
             central registry organization and be totaled, with the total amount
             available within seconds to any interested individual."              He noted that if one person in 1,000 "was willing to pay $1 to see
             some government slimeball dead, that would be, in effect, a
             $250,000 bounty on his head."              In an April raid on the home Bell shared with his elderly parents,
             authorities found the home addresses of about 70 IRS employees,
             as well as three semiautomatic assault rifes, a handgun and
             potentially deadly chemicals. He was arrested in May.

@_date: 1997-12-14 23:47:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Fw: Jim Bell Sentenced (fwd) 
To add to Greg Broiles' excellent recap of the case.
What might be amplified is the way Jim's case was
gnoshed in the media and here, with more attention to AP than to the basic facts, as exemplified in the news report
on sentencing, as Phill did, as did the IRS spam of Jim's
Fair enough, for that was clearly the purpose of AP,
as with all publishing and speaking in a manner to get
attention, whether by IRS-fed scare stories churned out
by its PR department, by we advocates of earnest causes,
and by the eager-to-oblige news, law and pol biz -- FC
not excepted.
Jim's case was happily churned by all parties, us foremost
among them, and Jim (with aid and abet by others) is to be congratulated for success with AP: Agent Provocative, Apt Promo, Avid Preening for and against. May he quickly
capitalize on his notoriety and beat the pack of envious competitors waving less risky, lawful docs which attract
Now, is it not true that we've self-censored ourselves into believing Jim is just a fool, rather than a gutsy guy willing to do what most
of us will not, instead preferring covert self-censorship over the all-too-easily opposed group-think kind.
If so, the IRS (with aid and abet by news, law and pol) has proven a gov-authorized version of AP and warning spam quite nicely
intimidates us into censoring ourselves into well-behaved
submission while believing its a shrewd move to protect careers
from wiser fools like Jim Bell.
Free Jim Bell, and pay lost salary and punitive damages!

@_date: 1997-12-15 01:24:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Fw: Jim Bell Sentenced (fwd) 
Now, Deft-Spinner Jim, you've switched from what we (you) did or did not do to what Jim did or did not do, which is what I was indelicately pointing out has been how we (you and me) self-censoringly plead our case for or against AP and USG, and thereby capitulate covertly while ineffectively protesting Jim's (and other terrorist targets') zap by USG-AP.
And rightly so, what fool would want to take Jim's place, and
that's what we're relieved to not be in, now that we've been shown an example. Chilled speech, it's called, finger-pointing about some fool going too far, and worse, getting caught.
This time we're so pleased we didn't  lose the lottery, as Shirley Jackson wrote, that we eagerly stone the winner, split some hairs,
tut-tut, spin our fear and call it wisdom. Too bad that camouflaged
cowardice (shrewdness) cahoots with IRS and Justice.
Keep quiet about yourself, blame somebody else, luck may hold.
That's what I'm doing, blaming wildly, hiding in a crowd of "we's"
and now, thanks much, your equation for going along and getting Not that there's anything wrong with that.

@_date: 1997-12-15 07:09:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Fw: Jim Bell Sentenced (fwd) 
A pretty convincing manifesto, as far as Constitution-thumping And then, empowered by righteousness, fire-and-brimstoned:
Damn tooting, Jim, my babe is sweetest licking and being his
love slave is a pleasure. And for it, I eagerly forego morality,
ethics, empathy, justice and liberty along with constitutional and
biblical protection. Babe's my blackhearted PO, with two years to release.
Damn, Jim, have you never lost it all where every which way was up?
If not, then you don't know shit about Jim's situation, or mine,
sweetheart, and whose balls you'll lick to get back to zero, not even hoping you'll get back to where you were before insane vanity took you and those who trusted you over the edge to irreversible loss and despair.
Sorry to say that "Constitutional protections" might do that to you,
Jim, for they are sometimes finger-licking nose-candy, bad shit that's pushed by a nasty gang of predators as morality, ethics, empathy, justice and liberty along with biblical protection. They, and other holy writs, have got a lot of innocents wasted for addictive righteousness of hustlers who use perfect grammar to hide evil.
Just kidding, son, you're okay, don't EMR me. Zap my literary

@_date: 1997-12-15 09:24:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IRS intimidation of Cypherpunks 
See the IRS spam at:
   And the 7 headers of 19 spams, titled "Death to Tyrants" and "Something of Interest" sent to various persons at:
   I recall that Declan offered to ask IRS about the spam,
but do not recall if he was successful.

@_date: 1997-12-18 03:48:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: VME As AES? 
PR Newswire, December 17, 1997:
Los Angeles -- IBM telephoned Meganet Corporation ten days ago after reviewing the Virtual Matrix Encryption (VME) algorithm and highly recommended the VME technology to be the national standard for data encryption, reported Meganet. The IBM
spokesperson from the Security Technology Division requested immediate submission of VME to the National Institute of Standards & Technology and the Institute of Electrical & Electronic Engineers to facilitate the standardization. Obviously, Meganet's claim that their VME technology is completely impenetrable has garnered much Source: Meganet Corporation.

@_date: 1997-12-18 06:35:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: UK spooks invent RSA, DH in 1973 
Steve Bellovin of ATT has posted a message on Cryptography
in response to the CESG paper in which he discloses a 1962 National Security Action Memorandum by President Kennedy
on permissive link devices for nuclear weapons which apparently led to NSA invention of PK crypto. Matt Blaze obtained the NASM
under FOIA and Steve is offering it on his Web site as GIF images.
          where ? ranges from 1 through 7.  We've transcribed the images and put them with Steve's message:
     BTW, Professor Denning posted an announcement of the CESG
paper to UK Crypto (where a notice had appeared earlier) with brief
comment of prior art signficance.

@_date: 1997-12-18 07:57:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Letter 
I received a letter from Jim today.   He apologizes for taking so long to
reply, citing his transfer to the Federal Detention Center and that, at
that time, everything except his legal papers were "lost", including my
address and telephone number. ... He says (for your web page, John):

@_date: 1997-12-22 03:30:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Automatic Translations 
Now this is truly helpful advice to get what's being miscommunicated
by deranged brute-forcers spit and shined and pinstripped like truetext masterblasters.
If some dingdong's spew comes through translation unchanged then it is the plain vanilla-est, the most unshaded, unnuanced, unbiased, untrickery, unimaginative, and thus the most omnipotent of all possible upchuckery aimed to infect the globe with toenail jam passing as troot
If these lies (aka blackheart pus-drip) remain unchanged by translation and unmangled by retranslation through all spitbucket languages and all Earth's cheese-bowels bent on misconstruance and prejudicial warp to fit preconceptions of perfectly slit-minded right to disembowel
and deny life and liberty to those of opposing views, then it is the word of You Know Who, and your way-behind clan better believe it, and copy it, and bray-pray in it and bet your bed-watering, unwavering Clone Constitution Bible Koran Hit Man Browser on it. Seattle-shrouded in this Kelvar-asbestos cloak, napalm those east of
the Rockies (and west) who question the Macrosoft Word, PR sizzle those who mock it, and Jesus-crowbar the infidels who mess with mismarketing PICS to the world's DoJs and 1st Amend lingo freedom-futzing bill-mauling mud-doggies.
Sez Iggy, plain and simple.

@_date: 1997-12-22 04:53:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Why I Support Microsoft 
The NYT reports today on the MS-DoJ case and notes that
Microsoft has opposed the administration on several
issues -- one being encryption -- which have captured the
attention of publicity-seeking legislators as well.
Another NYT report is on Microsoft's past neglect of major
lobbying of the government and bigtime contribution to PACs, in contrast to other industrial giants, and that MS it is fast coming around on both counts now, with big bucks being poured into DC coffers of PR firms. (Could this beneficence be the incentive
of $ieger and $habbar?)
The report notes that Microsoft is for the first time beginning to
consider that it cannot continue to grow without coming to
terms with the USG, the lesson all the giants have learned so
well and are happy to see Bill Gates cut down to fit the mold.
Now, was it not the case that not too long ago Microsoft was
allegedly funding the strong crypto bills? And is a plea bargain
in the works for MS sentence of worldwide GAK in Explorer?

@_date: 1997-12-23 20:31:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: New Presidential Crypto Advisor 
22 December 1997, U.S. Newswire:
 Clinton Nominates Honigman Special Advisor to President  Washington, Dec. 22 -- The President today announced the appointment of Steven  S. Honigman as Special Advisor to the President. Mr. Honigman will bring
senior  level and government-wide leadership to the Administration's procurement of  encryption technology and services.  Mr. Honigman's responsibilities will include assuring that agency procurement
 policies, requirements, practices and programs are coordinated and consistent  with Administration encryption policies. He will also coordinate agency  encryption pilot projects and bring them to production, promote public-private  standards development, and maintain a dialogue with the public about these  efforts. His work will require consultation with all major Federal agencies,  White House policy offices, the Congress, market participants, foreign  entities and the private sector.  Mr. Honigman has served since June 1993 as the General Counsel of the Navy. In
 that position, he has been the Department of the Navy's chief legal officer
and  the principal legal advisor to the Secretary of the Navy. As Navy General  Counsel, he has been a leader in acquisition reform and procurement-related  litigation.  Mr. Honigman was born in Brooklyn, New York. He received his B.A. degree
 from New York University and his J.D. degree from Yale Law School. Mr.
 Honigman has practiced as a civil litigator in New York City. His areas of
 specialization included international and domestic reinsurance and insurance
 disputes, transactions and insolvencies.

@_date: 1997-12-25 04:43:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Civil War Crypto Question... 
Myer's code and cipher disk (with illustration) are briefly described
in Fred Wrixon's "Codes and Ciphers" along with an entry on
Civil War crypto with a photo of a Confederate cipher disk.
We've put the entries and illustrations at:
   The book is:
   "Codes and Ciphers: An A to Z of Covert Communication,    from the Clay Tablet to the Microdot,"
   Fred B. Wrixon, Prentice Hall, 1992, paper. $18.00    ISBN 0-13-277047-4

@_date: 1997-12-26 01:20:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CIA Tradecraft Notes 
We've transcribed the CIA's release of "A Compendium
of Analytic Tradecraft Notes," a 10-part series on
how to perform intelligence analysis.
     (124K)

@_date: 1997-12-29 11:18:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Basic Cryptanalysis 
Recently it was noted here that US Army Field Manual
34-40-2, Basic Cryptanalysis, (1990) has been withdrawn
from the Army's Web site.
Thanks to archiving by a cpunk we offer the full manual in PDF format. See the contents at:

@_date: 1997-02-01 13:16:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: More on Cellular Encryption Docs 
Here's more on the controlled documents for cellular encryption
from TIA/EIA we described in a 26 January post to cpunks:
Sharon Vargish of TIA (1-703-907-7702) sent the documents after I signed and returned the NDA:
   TR45.0.A
   Common Cryptographic Algorithms, Revision B
   June 21, 1995, 72 pp. (With ITAR notice on every page)
   TR45.0.A
   Interface Specification for Common Cryptographic Algorithms,
   Revision B, August 6, 1996, 15 pp. (No ITAR notice, but    "sensitive information should be protected from general    distribution.")
   TR45
   Appendix A to PN-3474 (IS-36)
   October 16, 1995, 10 pp. (ITAR notice on every page.)
   TR45
   Appendix-A to TIA/EIA 627
   December 23, 1996, 7 pp. (No ITAR, but "sensitive"notice)
"Common Cryptographic Algorithms" (CCA) supercedes the 1992 CAVE document, but is considerbly longer -- 72 pp. for the latest
compared to 25 pp. for the 1992 version.
Here're the CCA's TOC and Introduction:
Table of Contents
1. Introduction   1.1. Notations  1.2. Definitions 2. Procedures  2.1. Authentication Key (A-Key) Procedures
    2.1.1. A-Key Checksum calculation               2.1.2. A-Key Verification
 2.2. SSD Generation and Update
    2.2.1. SSD Generation Procedure               2.2.2. SSD Update Procedure
 2.3. Authentication Signature Calculation Procedure
 2.4. Encryption Key and VPM Generation Procedure
    2.4.1. CMEA key Generation               2.4.2. Voice Privacy Mask Generation
 2.5. CMEA Encryption/Decryption Procedure
 2.6. Wireless Residential Extension Procedures
    2.6.1. WIKEY Generation               2.6.2. WIKEY Update Procedure               2.6.3. Wireline Interface Authentication Signature                Calculation Procedure               2.6.4. Wireless Residential Extension Authentication                Signature Calculation Procedure
 2.7. Cellular Data Encryption     2.7.1. Data Encryption Key Generation Procedure               2.7.2. Data Encryption Mask Generation Procedure
3. TEST VECTORS
 3.1. CAVE Test Vectors
    3.1.1. Vector 1              3.1.2. Vector 2               3.1.3. Test Program
 3.2. Wireless Residential Extension Test Vectors
     3.2.1. Input data               3.2.2. Test program               3.2.3. Test Program Output
 3.3. Data Encryption Test Vector
    3.3.1. Input data               3.3.2. Test Program               3.3.3. Test Program Output
1. Introduction
This document describes detailed cryptographic procedures for cellular system applications. These procedures are used to perform the security services of mobile station authentication, subscriber message encryption, and encryption key and subscriber voice privacy key generation within cellular equipment.
This document is organized as follows:
2 describes the Cellular Authentication, Voice Privacy and Encryption (CAVE) algorithm used for authentication for mobile subscriber equipment and for generation of cryptovariables to be used in other procedures.
2.1 describes the procedure to verify the manual entry of the subscriber authentication key (A-key).
2.2 describes the generation of intermediate subscriber cryptovariablcs, Shared Secret Data (SSD), from the unique and private subscriber A-key.
2.3 describes the procedure to calculate an authentication signature used by cellular base station equipment for verifying the authenticity of a mobile station.
2.4 describes the procedures used for generating cryptographic keys. These keys include the Voice Privacy Mask (VPM) and the Cellular Message Encryption Algorithm (CMEA) key. Thc VPM is used to provide forward link and reverse link voice confidentiality over the air interface. Thc CMEA key is used with the CMEA algorithm for protection of digital data exchanged between the mobile station and the base station.
2.5 describes the Cellular Message Encryption Algorithm (CMEA) used for enciphering and deciphering subscriber data exchanged between the mobile station and the base station.
2.6 describes the procedures for key and authentication signature generation for wireless residential extension 2.7 describes the ORYX algorithm and procedures for key and mask generation for encryption and decryption in cellular data services.
3 provides test data (vectors) that may be employed to verify the correct operation of the cryptographic algorithms described in this document. ...
[End CCA Introduction]
The related CCA Interface Specification "describes the interfaces
to cryptographic procedures for cellular system applications"
described in the CCA. Its purpose "is to describe the cryptographic
functions without revealing the technical details that are subject
to" ITAR.
The two Appendices A to IS-136 and 627 "contain requirements for message encryption and voice privacy for cellular systems" supplemental to those described in the main documents, the CCA and the CCA Interface Specs.
This note will be put with other CAVE info at:
   Thanks to TIA/EIA for prompt and courteous reply to our requests. Maybe
they welcome help persuading USG/NSA to allow stronger crypto and
boost the market for cellular systems.

@_date: 1997-02-01 15:59:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: More on Cellular Encryption Docs 
Here's more on the controlled documents for cellular encryption
from TIA/EIA we described in a 26 January post to cpunks:
Sharon Vargish of TIA (1-703-907-7702) sent the documents after=20
I signed and returned the NDA:
   TR45.0.A
   Common Cryptographic Algorithms, Revision B
   June 21, 1995, 72 pp. (With ITAR notice on every page)
   TR45.0.A
   Interface Specification for Common Cryptographic Algorithms,
   Revision B, August 6, 1996, 15 pp. (No ITAR notice, but=20
   "sensitive information should be protected from general=20
   distribution.")
   TR45
   Appendix A to PN-3474 (IS-36)
   October 16, 1995, 10 pp. (ITAR notice on every page.)
   TR45
   Appendix-A to TIA/EIA 627
   December 23, 1996, 7 pp. (No ITAR, but "sensitive"notice)
"Common Cryptographic Algorithms" (CCA) supercedes the 1992=20
CAVE document, but is considerbly longer -- 72 pp. for the latest
compared to 25 pp. for the 1992 version.
Here're the CCA's TOC and Introduction:
Table of Contents
1. Introduction=20
  =A01.1. Notations=20
=A0 =A01.2. Definitions=20
2. Procedures=20
=A0 =A02.1. Authentication Key (A-Key) Procedures
=A0 =A0 =A0 =A0 2.1.1. A-Key Checksum calculation  =A0 =A0 =A0 =A0 =A0=20
        2.1.2. A-Key Verification
=A0 =A02.2. SSD Generation and Update
=A0 =A0 =A0 =A0 2.2.1. SSD Generation Procedure  =A0 =A0 =A0 =A0 =A0=20
        2.2.2. SSD Update Procedure
=A0 =A02.3. Authentication Signature Calculation Procedure
=A0 =A02.4. Encryption Key and VPM Generation Procedure
=A0 =A0 =A0 =A0 2.4.1. CMEA key Generation  =A0 =A0 =A0 =A0 =A0=20
        2.4.2. Voice Privacy Mask Generation
=A0 =A02.5. CMEA Encryption/Decryption Procedure
=A0 =A02.6. Wireless Residential Extension Procedures
=A0 =A0 =A0 =A0 2.6.1. WIKEY Generation  =A0 =A0 =A0 =A0 =A0=20
        2.6.2. WIKEY Update Procedure  =A0 =A0 =A0 =A0 =A0=20
        2.6.3. Wireline Interface Authentication Signature=20
               Calculation Procedure  =A0 =A0 =A0 =A0 =A0=20
        2.6.4. Wireless Residential Extension Authentication=20
               Signature Calculation Procedure
=A0 =A02.7. Cellular Data Encryption=20
=A0 =A0 =A0 =A0 2.7.1. Data Encryption Key Generation Procedure  =A0 =A0 =
=A0 =A0 =A0=20
        2.7.2. Data Encryption Mask Generation Procedure
3. TEST VECTORS
=A0 =A03.1. CAVE Test Vectors
=A0 =A0 =A0 =A0 3.1.1. Vector 1 =A0 =A0 =A0 =A0 =A0=20
        3.1.2. Vector 2  =A0 =A0 =A0 =A0 =A0=20
        3.1.3. Test Program
=A0 =A03.2. Wireless Residential Extension Test Vectors
 =A0 =A0 =A0  3.2.1. Input data  =A0 =A0 =A0 =A0 =A0=20
        3.2.2. Test program  =A0 =A0 =A0 =A0 =A0=20
        3.2.3. Test Program Output
=A0 =A03.3. Data Encryption Test Vector
=A0 =A0 =A0 =A0 3.3.1. Input data  =A0 =A0 =A0 =A0 =A0=20
        3.3.2. Test Program  =A0 =A0 =A0 =A0 =A0=20
        3.3.3. Test Program Output
 =20
1. Introduction
This document describes detailed cryptographic procedures for=20
cellular system applications. These procedures are used to=20
perform the security services of mobile station authentication,=20
subscriber message encryption, and encryption key and subscriber=20
voice privacy key generation within cellular equipment.
This document is organized as follows:
=A72 describes the Cellular Authentication, Voice Privacy and=20
Encryption (CAVE) algorithm used for authentication for mobile=20
subscriber equipment and for generation of cryptovariables to=20
be used in other procedures.
=A72.1 describes the procedure to verify the manual entry of the=20
subscriber authentication key (A-key).
=A72.2 describes the generation of intermediate subscriber=20
cryptovariablcs, Shared Secret Data (SSD), from the unique and=20
private subscriber A-key.
=A72.3 describes the procedure to calculate an authentication=20
signature used by cellular base station equipment for verifying=20
the authenticity of a mobile station.
=A72.4 describes the procedures used for generating cryptographic=20
keys. These keys include the Voice Privacy Mask (VPM) and the=20
Cellular Message Encryption Algorithm (CMEA) key. Thc VPM is used=20
to provide forward link and reverse link voice confidentiality=20
over the air interface. Thc CMEA key is used with the CMEA=20
algorithm for protection of digital data exchanged between the=20
mobile station and the base station.
=A72.5 describes the Cellular Message Encryption Algorithm (CMEA)=20
used for enciphering and deciphering subscriber data exchanged=20
between the mobile station and the base station.
=A72.6 describes the procedures for key and authentication=20
signature generation for wireless residential extension=20
=A72.7 describes the ORYX algorithm and procedures for key and mask=20
generation for encryption and decryption in cellular data services.
=A73 provides test data (vectors) that may be employed to verify=20
the correct operation of the cryptographic algorithms described=20
in this document. ...
[End CCA Introduction]
The related CCA Interface Specification "describes the interfaces
to cryptographic procedures for cellular system applications"
described in the CCA. Its purpose "is to describe the cryptographic
functions without revealing the technical details that are subject
to" ITAR.
The two Appendices A to IS-136 and 627 "contain requirements for=20
message encryption and voice privacy for cellular systems"=20
supplemental to those described in the main documents, the CCA and=20
the CCA Interface Specs.
This note will be put with other CAVE info at:
   Thanks to TIA/EIA for prompt and courteous reply to our requests. Maybe
they welcome help persuading USG/NSA to allow stronger crypto and
boost the market for cellular systems.

@_date: 1997-02-01 18:50:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Material at the National Archives 
For access to the 5,000 items declassified under NSA's OPENDOOR
program ( we got this answer from the National Archives:
Dear Mr. Young:
This is in response to your electronic mail inquiry of December 20, 1996,
concerning National Security Agency records transferred to the National
The material described on the NSA web site was transferred to the
National Archives and made available in April 1996.  We can supply you
with electrostatic (paper) copies of select files for $0.25 per page. Please let us know which files you would like copied, and we will send
you a reproduction price quote (please include your mailing address with
all such requests).  We ask that you limit each request to five files.
Should you choose to come to Washington to do research, our records
and microfilm publications are available for consultation without charge in
our research room.  The National Archives at College Park (Archives II),
is located at 8601 Adelphi Road, College Park, Maryland.  If you do not
have a research card, you must apply for one in the reception area. Research room hours (except legal holidays) are 8:45 a.m. to 5 p.m.,
Monday and Wednesday; and 8:45 a.m. to 9 p.m., Tuesday, Thursday
and Friday.  Our subject matter specialists are not on duty after 5:15 p.m.
 The research rooms also are open on Saturday from 8:45 a.m. to 4:45
p.m., with a small research room staff present.  Requests for records
must be made before 3:30 p.m. Monday-Friday; no requests can be made
on Saturday.  The telephone number for the Archives II Reference
Branch is 301-713-7250.
Ken Schlessinger
Archives II
Textual Reference Branch
National Archives at College Park
8601 Adelphi Rd
College Park, MD  20740-6001
kenneth.schlessinger at ARCH2.NARA.GOV

@_date: 1997-02-01 19:27:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Material at the National Archives 
For access to the 5,000 items declassified under NSA's OPENDOOR
program ( we got this answer from the National Archives:
Dear Mr. Young:
This is in response to your electronic mail inquiry of December 20, 1996,
concerning National Security Agency records transferred to the National
The material described on the NSA web site was transferred to the
National Archives and made available in April 1996.  We can supply you
with electrostatic (paper) copies of select files for $0.25 per page. Please let us know which files you would like copied, and we will send
you a reproduction price quote (please include your mailing address with
all such requests).  We ask that you limit each request to five files.
Should you choose to come to Washington to do research, our records
and microfilm publications are available for consultation without charge in
our research room.  The National Archives at College Park (Archives II),
is located at 8601 Adelphi Road, College Park, Maryland.  If you do not
have a research card, you must apply for one in the reception area. Research room hours (except legal holidays) are 8:45 a.m. to 5 p.m.,
Monday and Wednesday; and 8:45 a.m. to 9 p.m., Tuesday, Thursday
and Friday.  Our subject matter specialists are not on duty after 5:15 p.m.
 The research rooms also are open on Saturday from 8:45 a.m. to 4:45
p.m., with a small research room staff present.  Requests for records
must be made before 3:30 p.m. Monday-Friday; no requests can be made
on Saturday.  The telephone number for the Archives II Reference
Branch is 301-713-7250.
Ken Schlessinger
Archives II
Textual Reference Branch
National Archives at College Park
8601 Adelphi Rd
College Park, MD  20740-6001
kenneth.schlessinger at ARCH2.NARA.GOV

@_date: 1997-02-02 10:55:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: National Cryptologic School 
DAW provided this URL:
      1996-04-29 Introduction to Computer Security
   National Cryptologic School
   Interactive Courseware Trainee Guide
   (formerly, CP-133) (37 zipped files, DOS program) We've had a look at this course, a primer on CompSec
and a required course for all DoD employees. It takes some fiddling to get past the sign-on block. Hint: after
unzipping execute "student.exe" and enter "CP" as the lesson. Repeat for other listed files, CPxxx - CPxxx.
It's basic stuff but worthwhile for its claims, these among 1. Most hackers are employees of the target.
2. Negligence, accidents and sloppy sys-administration are prime causes of disruptions, perhaps more than deliberate 3. Environmental weaknesses are often overlooked by
security experts too focussed on computer systems.
It lists these security documents as references:
   EO 12356 [superceded by EO 12958]
   DCID 1/16 [Director of Central Intelligence Directive]
   DoDDir 5200.28
   DoD 5200.28 STD
   Public Law 100-235
   NSA/CSS Dir 10-27
   NSA/CSS Manual 130-1 (NSAM 130-1)
   NSA/CSS Manual 130-2 (NSAM 130-2)
   NSA/CSS Reg 130-2
   NTISSAM COMPSEC 1-87
   The Rainbow Series
   OMB A-130
Does anyone know of a source for the DCID series and the
NSA/CSS series? Some of the others are available on the Web

@_date: 1997-02-02 14:25:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: National Cryptologic School 
DAW provided this URL:
      1996-04-29 Introduction to Computer Security
   National Cryptologic School
   Interactive Courseware Trainee Guide
   (formerly, CP-133) (37 zipped files, DOS program) We've had a look at this course, a primer on CompSec
and a required course for all DoD employees. It takes some fiddling to get past the sign-on block. Hint: after
unzipping execute "student.exe" and enter "CP" as the lesson. Repeat for other listed files, CPxxx - CPxxx.
It's basic stuff but worthwhile for its claims, these among 1. Most hackers are employees of the target.
2. Negligence, accidents and sloppy sys-administration are prime causes of disruptions, perhaps more than deliberate 3. Environmental weaknesses are often overlooked by
security experts too focussed on computer systems.
It lists these security documents as references:
   EO 12356 [superceded by EO 12958]
   DCID 1/16 [Director of Central Intelligence Directive]
   DoDDir 5200.28
   DoD 5200.28 STD
   Public Law 100-235
   NSA/CSS Dir 10-27
   NSA/CSS Manual 130-1 (NSAM 130-1)
   NSA/CSS Manual 130-2 (NSAM 130-2)
   NSA/CSS Reg 130-2
   NTISSAM COMPSEC 1-87
   The Rainbow Series
   OMB A-130
Does anyone know of a source for the DCID series and the
NSA/CSS series? Some of the others are available on the Web

@_date: 1997-02-03 06:48:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: COM_int 
"Telecom equipment makers to develop encryption for mobile phones"
 Matsushita, NEC and Mitsubishi will cooperate in developing scrambler  technology to prevent interception of mobile phone calls and other  misuse, and will open a research laboratory in Yokohama on Feb. 12.
 Within five years the facility is to perfect encryption technology  to protect wireless communications and data transmissions, and for  possible use in electronic commerce. Researchers will work to develop  a mobile communications version of "public key" scrambling technology  now used to secure data transmitted online.
"Electronic Cash Via Wireless Phone, Smart Card In Works"
 Wireless telephones are about to get a new mission as portable money  machines. PacBell intends to test ways to blend its mobile phone  technology with a smart card that can dramatically upgrade the  intelligence of a wireless telephone. People on the go could transfer  funds into the card's memory, slide the card into the phone, and then  use the phone as a communications device to buy a variety of goods  and services.
"Sierra Wireless Combines Cellular Data, GPS; MP 200-GPS Modem Provides Both in a Single Package"
 The combination MP200-GPS product includes an MP200 rugged CDPD/cellular
 3-watt mobile modem, a state-of-the-art Trimble GPS receiver module and  a choice of magnetic mount or hard mount GPS active antennas. In addition,  the MP200-GPS includes an  internal microcontroller, so it can operate  without a PC or mobile data  terminal as a standalone tracking monitor.  A remote host computer can wirelessly program the unit to report position  on a preset timeout,  whenever the unit moves a certain distance, or if  an external alarm is triggered.

@_date: 1997-02-03 07:11:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: COM_int 
"Telecom equipment makers to develop encryption for mobile phones"
 Matsushita, NEC and Mitsubishi will cooperate in developing scrambler  technology to prevent interception of mobile phone calls and other  misuse, and will open a research laboratory in Yokohama on Feb. 12.
 Within five years the facility is to perfect encryption technology  to protect wireless communications and data transmissions, and for  possible use in electronic commerce. Researchers will work to develop  a mobile communications version of "public key" scrambling technology  now used to secure data transmitted online.
"Electronic Cash Via Wireless Phone, Smart Card In Works"
 Wireless telephones are about to get a new mission as portable money  machines. PacBell intends to test ways to blend its mobile phone  technology with a smart card that can dramatically upgrade the  intelligence of a wireless telephone. People on the go could transfer  funds into the card's memory, slide the card into the phone, and then  use the phone as a communications device to buy a variety of goods  and services.
"Sierra Wireless Combines Cellular Data, GPS; MP 200-GPS Modem Provides Both in a Single Package"
 The combination MP200-GPS product includes an MP200 rugged CDPD/cellular
 3-watt mobile modem, a state-of-the-art Trimble GPS receiver module and  a choice of magnetic mount or hard mount GPS active antennas. In addition,  the MP200-GPS includes an  internal microcontroller, so it can operate  without a PC or mobile data  terminal as a standalone tracking monitor.  A remote host computer can wirelessly program the unit to report position  on a preset timeout,  whenever the unit moves a certain distance, or if  an external alarm is triggered.

@_date: 1997-02-03 08:09:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PCS Encryption? 
Fortezza now comes in several implementations for various, variable
and multiple levels of classification and message handling. There is info on latest mani-dexterous products at NSA's armadillo and missi sites.
If you don't want to be logged by NSA, see the Mykronyx bouquet at:
   To be sure, you might get logged anyway: jya.com may have been
approved by the Administrative Office of the United States Courts for a

@_date: 1997-02-03 08:41:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PCS Encryption? 
Fortezza now comes in several implementations for various, variable
and multiple levels of classification and message handling. There is info on latest mani-dexterous products at NSA's armadillo and missi sites.
If you don't want to be logged by NSA, see the Mykronyx bouquet at:
   To be sure, you might get logged anyway: jya.com may have been
approved by the Administrative Office of the United States Courts for a

@_date: 1997-02-04 06:18:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: More Hacking of the Mykotronx Site! 
While this report may be true, I wonder if it's not a spoof or even
official disinformation to mislead about the details of Aaron's mission as well as what Rainbow and others are really peddling to
rabble-fearing paranoids.
This last sentence seems a bit too melodramatic even for a suck-up
crippled-chip manufacturer:
Granted that defense to LEA-market conversionists like to pornograph the godawful carnage their technology can wreak on disobedient civilians to arouse ex-military-to-LEA converted glands -- do they actually write SOF drool like this?

@_date: 1997-02-04 06:56:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: More Hacking of the Mykotronx Site! 
While this report may be true, I wonder if it's not a spoof or even
official disinformation to mislead about the details of Aaron's mission as well as what Rainbow and others are really peddling to
rabble-fearing paranoids.
This last sentence seems a bit too melodramatic even for a suck-up
crippled-chip manufacturer:
Granted that defense to LEA-market conversionists like to pornograph the godawful carnage their technology can wreak on disobedient civilians to arouse ex-military-to-LEA converted glands -- do they actually write SOF drool like this?

@_date: 1997-02-05 05:23:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: OECD Waffles 
2-4-97. Reuters:
Global group fails to endorse Clinton encryption plan Washington: An influential economic research group is preparing guidelines on computer encryption for its member countries but will duck some of the most contentious issues involved, according to a draft obtained by Reuters.
The Clinton administration, seeking to rally support for its controversial policy on exporting encryption products -- which encode and decode e-mail and other computerized messages -- failed to win an endorsement from the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), although the group did discuss the
administration's approach.
On perhaps the most difficult issue, the draft guidelines do not favour or oppose a requirement in the U.S. policy that data-scrambling encryption programmes provide a way for law enforcement officials to obtain keys to crack the codes when necessary.
After indicating that governments should carefully weigh the costs and benefits of imposing so-called key recovery, the draft report said, "this principle should not be interpreted as implying that governments should, or should not, initiate legislation that would allow lawful On all the controversial areas in the draft, "the member countries of the OECD have strongly held views but they don't always coincide," John Dryden, head of the group's Information, Computer and Communications Policy division, said in a telephone interview from Paris.
Some countries see widespread use of encryption as a way to protect the privacy of computer users and businesses, thereby encouraging global commerce, Dryden said. But others see encryption as possibly thwarting law enforcement's efforts to catch riminals and global terrorists, he The guidelines suggest encryption users should have access to products that meet their needs. Government controls should be "no more than are essential to the discharge of government responsibilities."
Instead of reconciling the different views, the draft guidelines lay out competing interests and approaches.
"It's not in itself a cryptography policy and it's not an attempt to draft a model national law that we're encouraging people to adopt," Dryden said. Cryptography refers to products and systems used in The guidelines also suggest encryption standards and usage should be "determined by the market in an open and competitive environment."
"There's a strong view that the private sector should have the possibility to use information networks to the best of their potential in order to create growth and jobs," Dryden said.
U.S. officials who have seen the preliminary draft praised the guidelines. "They're an important and helpful step forward," Undersecretary of Commerce William Reinsch said.
"They're helpful because they put down on paper the proper foundation for getting into this," he added.
Reinsch said most countries will follow the U.S. lead and require so-called key recovery features for law enforcement. Under the Clinton policy, domestic use of encryption is not regulated but the strongest coding products cannot be exported unless they include key recovery.
U.S. companies that have opposed the Clinton policy, contending it stifles their ability to compete with unfettered foreign firms, drew little solace from the draft guidelines.
"This is not helpful," said Netscape Communications Corp.'s public policy counsel, Peter Harter. Netscape and other companies preferred stronger language endorsing free-market policies, he said.
The draft guidelines, approved by a group of government and private-sector experts at a meeting at the end of January, still must be approved by a top-level OECD officials from the group's 29 member countries, including the United States.
-----

@_date: 1997-02-05 05:34:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 'Total Recall' Come True! 
Major Organizations Are Experimenting With Computer Chip Implants in
Humans, According to EE Times Special Report
Manhasset, N.Y., Feb. 4 -- The implantation of computer chips into humans and animals is now actively being funded, researched and experimented by major institutions such as Stanford University, British Telecom, the National Institute of Health (NIH) and major corporations, according to the first of a two-part special report published by EE Times ( Although the work is drawing fire from civil libertarians and conspiracy theorists, among others, many scientists and physicians defend the work for its potential to ease suffering.
"It's 'Total Recall' come true! Our in-depth look into this state-of-
the- art research reveals that the mix of electrical engineering and medical technologies to surgically implant computer chip-driven devices is here today -- a micro chip implant is simply one step beyond a pacemaker," said EE Times Internet Editor Larry Lange.
According to the EE Times report, Mitsubishi Electric Corp. (Tokyo) recently developed a low-cost input device that can recognize human movement and convert it to commands for use in software applications. This device is expected to find its way into tools used by people with disabilities. On other fronts, the semiconductor research lab at Motorola Inc. is working on body-embedded electronic blood-sensors that may one day allow diabetics to measure their blood sugar levels without ever drawing a drop of blood.
The special report, appearing in next week issue in print and online, looks at additional areas of research and the differing reactions to it.

@_date: 1997-02-05 07:26:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 'Total Recall' Come True! 
Major Organizations Are Experimenting With Computer Chip Implants in
Humans, According to EE Times Special Report
Manhasset, N.Y., Feb. 4 -- The implantation of computer chips into humans and animals is now actively being funded, researched and experimented by major institutions such as Stanford University, British Telecom, the National Institute of Health (NIH) and major corporations, according to the first of a two-part special report published by EE Times ( Although the work is drawing fire from civil libertarians and conspiracy theorists, among others, many scientists and physicians defend the work for its potential to ease suffering.
"It's 'Total Recall' come true! Our in-depth look into this state-of-
the- art research reveals that the mix of electrical engineering and medical technologies to surgically implant computer chip-driven devices is here today -- a micro chip implant is simply one step beyond a pacemaker," said EE Times Internet Editor Larry Lange.
According to the EE Times report, Mitsubishi Electric Corp. (Tokyo) recently developed a low-cost input device that can recognize human movement and convert it to commands for use in software applications. This device is expected to find its way into tools used by people with disabilities. On other fronts, the semiconductor research lab at Motorola Inc. is working on body-embedded electronic blood-sensors that may one day allow diabetics to measure their blood sugar levels without ever drawing a drop of blood.
The special report, appearing in next week issue in print and online, looks at additional areas of research and the differing reactions to it.

@_date: 1997-02-05 07:26:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: OECD Waffles 
2-4-97. Reuters:
Global group fails to endorse Clinton encryption plan Washington: An influential economic research group is preparing guidelines on computer encryption for its member countries but will duck some of the most contentious issues involved, according to a draft obtained by Reuters.
The Clinton administration, seeking to rally support for its controversial policy on exporting encryption products -- which encode and decode e-mail and other computerized messages -- failed to win an endorsement from the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), although the group did discuss the
administration's approach.
On perhaps the most difficult issue, the draft guidelines do not favour or oppose a requirement in the U.S. policy that data-scrambling encryption programmes provide a way for law enforcement officials to obtain keys to crack the codes when necessary.
After indicating that governments should carefully weigh the costs and benefits of imposing so-called key recovery, the draft report said, "this principle should not be interpreted as implying that governments should, or should not, initiate legislation that would allow lawful On all the controversial areas in the draft, "the member countries of the OECD have strongly held views but they don't always coincide," John Dryden, head of the group's Information, Computer and Communications Policy division, said in a telephone interview from Paris.
Some countries see widespread use of encryption as a way to protect the privacy of computer users and businesses, thereby encouraging global commerce, Dryden said. But others see encryption as possibly thwarting law enforcement's efforts to catch riminals and global terrorists, he The guidelines suggest encryption users should have access to products that meet their needs. Government controls should be "no more than are essential to the discharge of government responsibilities."
Instead of reconciling the different views, the draft guidelines lay out competing interests and approaches.
"It's not in itself a cryptography policy and it's not an attempt to draft a model national law that we're encouraging people to adopt," Dryden said. Cryptography refers to products and systems used in The guidelines also suggest encryption standards and usage should be "determined by the market in an open and competitive environment."
"There's a strong view that the private sector should have the possibility to use information networks to the best of their potential in order to create growth and jobs," Dryden said.
U.S. officials who have seen the preliminary draft praised the guidelines. "They're an important and helpful step forward," Undersecretary of Commerce William Reinsch said.
"They're helpful because they put down on paper the proper foundation for getting into this," he added.
Reinsch said most countries will follow the U.S. lead and require so-called key recovery features for law enforcement. Under the Clinton policy, domestic use of encryption is not regulated but the strongest coding products cannot be exported unless they include key recovery.
U.S. companies that have opposed the Clinton policy, contending it stifles their ability to compete with unfettered foreign firms, drew little solace from the draft guidelines.
"This is not helpful," said Netscape Communications Corp.'s public policy counsel, Peter Harter. Netscape and other companies preferred stronger language endorsing free-market policies, he said.
The draft guidelines, approved by a group of government and private-sector experts at a meeting at the end of January, still must be approved by a top-level OECD officials from the group's 29 member countries, including the United States.
-----

@_date: 1997-02-06 08:21:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NOW_ire 
"FCC Bandwidth Forum Panelist Says Wireless Is Potential
'Wild Card' in Planning for Future Broadband Access"
   Suggests that wireless is the better than wire, cable, or satellite
   for future communications by bypassing their technological and    environmental limitations.
"GTE Wireless Launches Long-Anticipated CS-CDPD Service; Other
Cellular Carriers Continue to Reject Hybrid Approach"
   A variation from CDMA and TDMA.
And the FCC Broadband Forum report cited in the first article at:
     (322K)

@_date: 1997-02-06 11:15:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NOW_ire 
"FCC Bandwidth Forum Panelist Says Wireless Is Potential
'Wild Card' in Planning for Future Broadband Access"
   Suggests that wireless is the better than wire, cable, or satellite
   for future communications by bypassing their technological and    environmental limitations.
"GTE Wireless Launches Long-Anticipated CS-CDPD Service; Other
Cellular Carriers Continue to Reject Hybrid Approach"
   A variation from CDMA and TDMA.
And the FCC Broadband Forum report cited in the first article at:
     (322K)

@_date: 1997-02-07 08:51:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 40-bit RC5 crack meaningless?? 
Paul Strassmann served on the "Information Warefare - Defense"
Task Force sponsored by the Defense Science Board. He has a
Web site at:    The IW-D report recounts most of the well-known info-war memes
to buttress its plea for more info-warfighting funds, and says that
business needs DoD protection.
It de-emphasizes the encryption debate, claiming that crypto is not an important part of the problem or the solution. Remailers are not Short and long versions of IW-D:    Winn Schwartau's infowar.com offers it too.
SAIC was generously represented on the Task Force: Strassmann,
Bellcore's head, a couple more. As well as others committed to "raising
the bar" against attack on Info-Maginot:

@_date: 1997-02-07 11:00:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Project 25 Radio 
The National Communications Systems published in the
Federal Register of February 6, a notice of FTR1024 covering Land Mobile Radio, Project 25. The recommentation
specifies encryption: DES (Type 3) and Type 1 for classified use. The specifications are based on seven public TIA documents and one classified NSA document.
   "This recommendation is intended to facilitate interoperability    among telecommunication facilities and systems of the Federal    Government."
The official document is available in PDF format at:
   We've prepared a hypertext version:

@_date: 1997-02-07 11:39:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 40-bit RC5 crack meaningless?? 
Paul Strassmann served on the "Information Warefare - Defense"
Task Force sponsored by the Defense Science Board. He has a
Web site at:    The IW-D report recounts most of the well-known info-war memes
to buttress its plea for more info-warfighting funds, and says that
business needs DoD protection.
It de-emphasizes the encryption debate, claiming that crypto is not an important part of the problem or the solution. Remailers are not Short and long versions of IW-D:    Winn Schwartau's infowar.com offers it too.
SAIC was generously represented on the Task Force: Strassmann,
Bellcore's head, a couple more. As well as others committed to "raising
the bar" against attack on Info-Maginot:

@_date: 1997-02-07 11:56:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Project 25 Radio 
The National Communications Systems published in the
Federal Register of February 6, a notice of FTR1024 covering Land Mobile Radio, Project 25. The recommentation
specifies encryption: DES (Type 3) and Type 1 for classified use. The specifications are based on seven public TIA documents and one classified NSA document.
   "This recommendation is intended to facilitate interoperability    among telecommunication facilities and systems of the Federal    Government."
The official document is available in PDF format at:
   We've prepared a hypertext version:

@_date: 1997-02-07 14:29:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: More on Stronghold Charge - 1 
Return-Path: cypherpunks-errors at toad.com
Comments: All power to the ZOG!
Organization: Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
We already know that Sandy's bot automatically discards submissions from
people he doesn't like, irrespective of contents. In the past the rejected
articles were tossed to the "flames" list.  Now Sandy has gone one step further.  The following article criticized the product Sandy is paid to
peddle. It showed up on the 'unedited' list, but Sandy hated its contents
so much that it hasn't made it to EITHER censored or the 'flames' list!
This is the beginning of the censored article:
Comments: All power to the ZOG!
Message-Id: Organization: Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
Precedence: bulk
WARNING: There's a rogue trojan horse out there on the internet known as the
"stronghold web server".  It's actually a hacked-up version of Apache with a
backdoor, which allows hackers (or whoever knows the backdoor) to steal credit
card numbers and other confidentil information on the Internet.
Be careful! Always use encryption. Do not send confidential information 9such
as passwords and credit card numbers) to any site running the trojan horse
"stronghold". In general, beware of "snake oil" security products and hacked-up versions of
free software.
Please repost this warning to all relevant computer security forums.
(rest snipped to save bandwidth)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-07 15:16:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Is Sandy really censoring criticisms of Stronghold, his product? 
My version of DV's ploy came via the unedited list.
There was also a good, brief discussion about Vulis's multi-pronged
Denial of Service attack on Cypherpunks, which came unedited, along with other informative comments about how a technologically adept attacker singles out a quarry amongst a lumbering, slumbering, cud-
chewing herd. Quite beastly cryptoanarchistic.

@_date: 1997-02-07 17:06:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BXA Encryption Regs 
Federal Register: February 7, 1997, Page 5797-5798:
Bureau of Export Administration
Sensors and Instrumentation Technical Advisory Committee; Partially Closed Meeting
A meeting will be held March 4, 1997, 9 a.m., in the Herbert C. Hoover Building, Room 1617M-2, 14th Street between Constitution and Pennsylvania Avenues, N.W., Washington, DC.
Agenda, General Session
    1. Opening remarks by the Chairman.
    2. Report on the status of The Wassenaar Arrangement.
    3. Discussion on the Encryption Reg.
    4. Presentation of papers or comments by the public.
A bit more on this in the full notice at:    Note: February 13 is the cutoff for comments on EAR for EI:

@_date: 1997-02-07 19:04:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Brassard on Grover's Shake 
Gilles Brassard writes on Grover's "quantum shake" searching algorithm, demonstrates how it would break DES, and assays the promise of QC research. He notes that enviable NSA funds favor

@_date: 1997-02-07 19:57:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BXA Encryption Regs 
Federal Register: February 7, 1997, Page 5797-5798:
Bureau of Export Administration
Sensors and Instrumentation Technical Advisory Committee; Partially Closed Meeting
A meeting will be held March 4, 1997, 9 a.m., in the Herbert C. Hoover Building, Room 1617M-2, 14th Street between Constitution and Pennsylvania Avenues, N.W., Washington, DC.
Agenda, General Session
    1. Opening remarks by the Chairman.
    2. Report on the status of The Wassenaar Arrangement.
    3. Discussion on the Encryption Reg.
    4. Presentation of papers or comments by the public.
A bit more on this in the full notice at:    Note: February 13 is the cutoff for comments on EAR for EI:

@_date: 1997-02-07 20:10:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Brassard on Grover's Shake 
Gilles Brassard writes on Grover's "quantum shake" searching algorithm, demonstrates how it would break DES, and assays the promise of QC research. He notes that enviable NSA funds favor

@_date: 1997-02-09 10:23:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Who's Censoring Who? 
Sandy's e-mailed several of us who've sent messages about Vulis's
ploy to put Sandy in a conflict-of-interest bind -- a well-known attack on moderators of all kinds, not just on the net. What's worth admiring is how Vulis has adeptly managed to get others
 -- targets and witting and unwitting cohorts -- to go along with his attack, attack, attack, by opposing or supporting it. A useful lesson.
Smart dude, that Vulis, but no more so than others on the Net, say, Tim
May, and in the world who've done the same elsewhere, maybe by even smarter dude(s) who provoked, angered, insulted, an unwitting Vulis, or May, to attack on behalf of ... But such deception is to be expected, along with feigned suprise and
outrage at the unfairness of opponents fighting as dirty as one's own
Sandy's not censoring cypherpunks, nor is Vulis or May or any single person alone. As Pogo said, it's all of us, posters and lurkers and spooks, each trying to get one's way to prevail, under guise of a high principle not easily honored when the squeeze is on alone in a dark cell. Come on out
Sandy, it was just a drill.
It's probably worth saving accusations of censorship for the real thing, after trial usage here for what is truly nasty high-stakes global info-war

@_date: 1997-02-10 03:58:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: HIC_rim 
2-10-97 NYT has Page One lead on high resolution commercial
"spy satellites," and the welter of political, social, economic and national security consequences as foreign governments,  corporations and individuals hire them to invade privacy, secret sites and labs.
A nearby story reports on organized crime's shift to new industries,
especially those reliant on high technology: calling cards, stock
offerings and health care.

@_date: 1997-02-10 05:27:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Who's Censoring Who? 
To Thorn and Cuckoo (great juxtaposition):
Your exhortation and rhetoric are deft, but I'm not ready to take sides just yet. In fact, I can't figure what the sides are, if any, in this
anti-herd of caterwauling anarchic cats.
Instead, I'm relishing and laughing at the spitting and farting contest, and hoping this gameboying will prepare for the genuinely tough battles in high stakes info-wargames. There, wipe and sniff that exhort and rhet.

@_date: 1997-02-11 06:26:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: HIC_rim 
2-10-97 NYT has Page One lead on high resolution commercial
"spy satellites," and the welter of political, social, economic and national security consequences as foreign governments,  corporations and individuals hire them to invade privacy, secret sites and labs.
A nearby story reports on organized crime's shift to new industries,
especially those reliant on high technology: calling cards, stock
offerings and health care.

@_date: 1997-02-11 06:26:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Who's Censoring Who? 
Sandy's e-mailed several of us who've sent messages about Vulis's
ploy to put Sandy in a conflict-of-interest bind -- a well-known attack on moderators of all kinds, not just on the net. What's worth admiring is how Vulis has adeptly managed to get others
 -- targets and witting and unwitting cohorts -- to go along with his attack, attack, attack, by opposing or supporting it. A useful lesson.
Smart dude, that Vulis, but no more so than others on the Net, say, Tim
May, and in the world who've done the same elsewhere, maybe by even smarter dude(s) who provoked, angered, insulted, an unwitting Vulis, or May, to attack on behalf of ... But such deception is to be expected, along with feigned suprise and
outrage at the unfairness of opponents fighting as dirty as one's own
Sandy's not censoring cypherpunks, nor is Vulis or May or any single person alone. As Pogo said, it's all of us, posters and lurkers and spooks, each trying to get one's way to prevail, under guise of a high principle not easily honored when the squeeze is on alone in a dark cell. Come on out
Sandy, it was just a drill.
It's probably worth saving accusations of censorship for the real thing, after trial usage here for what is truly nasty high-stakes global info-war

@_date: 1997-02-11 06:41:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Who's Censoring Who? 
To Thorn and Cuckoo (great juxtaposition):
Your exhortation and rhetoric are deft, but I'm not ready to take sides just yet. In fact, I can't figure what the sides are, if any, in this
anti-herd of caterwauling anarchic cats.
Instead, I'm relishing and laughing at the spitting and farting contest, and hoping this gameboying will prepare for the genuinely tough battles in high stakes info-wargames. There, wipe and sniff that exhort and rhet.

@_date: 1997-02-11 08:45:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: STE_pup 
"Euro's creation raises money laundering fears"
  OECD task force report(*) identifies perils of a
  single currency and suggests Russian crime groups
  are linking up with the Mafia and Colombian drug
  cartels for laundering the new currency. Warns of other
  e-cash hazards.
"Visa to Test Cards For Possible Use On the Internet"
  E-cash cards to be manufactured by Schlumberger and
  will use  "virtually unbreakable" public-key cryptography.
"Computer Security Becomes Biometric With Print Matching"
  Oracle's new fingerprint checking device to assure bona fide
  log-on privileges. Covers other such devices, quotes a maker:
  "if criminals or hackers get through these, industry will
  step up one more level."
* A search is on for the report. Leads welcomed. The task force
met last week in Paris.

@_date: 1997-02-11 09:06:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: STE_pup 
"Euro's creation raises money laundering fears"
  OECD task force report(*) identifies perils of a
  single currency and suggests Russian crime groups
  are linking up with the Mafia and Colombian drug
  cartels for laundering the new currency. Warns of other
  e-cash hazards.
"Visa to Test Cards For Possible Use On the Internet"
  E-cash cards to be manufactured by Schlumberger and
  will use  "virtually unbreakable" public-key cryptography.
"Computer Security Becomes Biometric With Print Matching"
  Oracle's new fingerprint checking device to assure bona fide
  log-on privileges. Covers other such devices, quotes a maker:
  "if criminals or hackers get through these, industry will
  step up one more level."
* A search is on for the report. Leads welcomed. The task force
met last week in Paris.

@_date: 1997-02-11 09:12:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: STE_pup 
"Euro's creation raises money laundering fears"
  OECD task force report(*) identifies perils of a
  single currency and suggests Russian crime groups
  are linking up with the Mafia and Colombian drug
  cartels for laundering the new currency. Warns of other
  e-cash hazards.
"Visa to Test Cards For Possible Use On the Internet"
  E-cash cards to be manufactured by Schlumberger and
  will use  "virtually unbreakable" public-key cryptography.
"Computer Security Becomes Biometric With Print Matching"
  Oracle's new fingerprint checking device to assure bona fide
  log-on privileges. Covers other such devices, quotes a maker:
  "if criminals or hackers get through these, industry will
  step up one more level."
* A search is on for the report. Leads welcomed. The task force
met last week in Paris.

@_date: 1997-02-11 16:51:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: STE_pup 
Oracle claims they've solved the lopped or faked pinkie problem by verifying other biometry. One device IDs BO. None invade privacy the snakes hiss.
What next, BS detectors? Nah, that'd kill commerce and law and government
and true love and blind faith in supreme-gold-fool.

@_date: 1997-02-11 17:14:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: whois cypherpunks.org ? 
cypherpunks (REMAILER-DOM)
   1819 Woolsey St.
   Berkeley, CA 94703
   Domain Name: REMAILER.NET
   Administrative Contact:
      Hughes, Eric  (EH9)  eric at SAC.NET
      (415) 392-0526
   Technical Contact, Zone Contact:
      Levy, Elias M.  (EML2)  aleph1 at DFW.NET
      619-794-8383 (FAX) (619) 794-8373
   Billing Contact:
      Hughes, Eric  (EH9)  eric at SAC.NET
      (415) 392-0526
   Record last updated on 17-Oct-96.
   Record created on 09-Nov-94.
   Domain servers in listed order:
   FLYING.FISH.COM              140.174.97.13
   NS1.SAC.NET                  208.146.161.2
CypherPunks (CYPHERPUNKS-DOM)
   9705 Standford Road
   Ft. Meade, MD 20755
   Domain Name: CYPHERPUNKS.COM
   Administrative Contact, Technical Contact, Zone Contact:
      Levy, Elias M.  (EML2)  aleph1 at DFW.NET
      619-794-8383 (FAX) (619) 794-8373
   Record last updated on 14-Sep-95.
   Record created on 14-Sep-95.
   Domain servers in listed order:
   NS1.CYBERWORKS.NET           206.170.116.21
   NS2.PARANOIA.COM             207.239.130.25
   WKP.COM                      205.199.64.11
CypherPunks Group (CYPHERPUNKS3-DOM)
   9705 Standford Road
   Ft. Meade, MD 20755
   Domain Name: CYPHERPUNKS.ORG
   Administrative Contact, Technical Contact, Zone Contact:
      Levy, Elias M.  (EML2)  aleph1 at DFW.NET
      619-794-8383 (FAX) (619) 794-8373
   Record last updated on 03-Oct-95.
   Record created on 03-Oct-95.
   Domain servers in listed order:
   NS1.CYBERWORKS.NET           206.170.116.21
   NS2.PARANOIA.COM             207.239.130.25
   WKP.COM                      205.199.64.11
Cypherpunks (ANONYMOUS-DOM)
   PO Box 170608
   San Francisco, CA 94117-0608
   Domain Name: ANONYMOUS.NET
   Administrative Contact, Technical Contact, Zone Contact:
      Gilmore, John  (JG150)  gnu at TOAD.COM
      +1 415 221 6524 (FAX) +1 415 221 7251
   Record last updated on 24-Jun-93.
   Record created on 24-Jun-93.
   Domain servers in listed order:
   CYGNUS.COM                   205.180.230.20
   RTL.CYGNUS.COM               205.180.230.21

@_date: 1997-02-11 18:51:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: STE_pup 
Oracle claims they've solved the lopped or faked pinkie problem by verifying other biometry. One device IDs BO. None invade privacy the snakes hiss.
What next, BS detectors? Nah, that'd kill commerce and law and government
and true love and blind faith in supreme-gold-fool.

@_date: 1997-02-11 19:14:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: whois cypherpunks.org ? 
cypherpunks (REMAILER-DOM)
   1819 Woolsey St.
   Berkeley, CA 94703
   Domain Name: REMAILER.NET
   Administrative Contact:
      Hughes, Eric  (EH9)  eric at SAC.NET
      (415) 392-0526
   Technical Contact, Zone Contact:
      Levy, Elias M.  (EML2)  aleph1 at DFW.NET
      619-794-8383 (FAX) (619) 794-8373
   Billing Contact:
      Hughes, Eric  (EH9)  eric at SAC.NET
      (415) 392-0526
   Record last updated on 17-Oct-96.
   Record created on 09-Nov-94.
   Domain servers in listed order:
   FLYING.FISH.COM              140.174.97.13
   NS1.SAC.NET                  208.146.161.2
CypherPunks (CYPHERPUNKS-DOM)
   9705 Standford Road
   Ft. Meade, MD 20755
   Domain Name: CYPHERPUNKS.COM
   Administrative Contact, Technical Contact, Zone Contact:
      Levy, Elias M.  (EML2)  aleph1 at DFW.NET
      619-794-8383 (FAX) (619) 794-8373
   Record last updated on 14-Sep-95.
   Record created on 14-Sep-95.
   Domain servers in listed order:
   NS1.CYBERWORKS.NET           206.170.116.21
   NS2.PARANOIA.COM             207.239.130.25
   WKP.COM                      205.199.64.11
CypherPunks Group (CYPHERPUNKS3-DOM)
   9705 Standford Road
   Ft. Meade, MD 20755
   Domain Name: CYPHERPUNKS.ORG
   Administrative Contact, Technical Contact, Zone Contact:
      Levy, Elias M.  (EML2)  aleph1 at DFW.NET
      619-794-8383 (FAX) (619) 794-8373
   Record last updated on 03-Oct-95.
   Record created on 03-Oct-95.
   Domain servers in listed order:
   NS1.CYBERWORKS.NET           206.170.116.21
   NS2.PARANOIA.COM             207.239.130.25
   WKP.COM                      205.199.64.11
Cypherpunks (ANONYMOUS-DOM)
   PO Box 170608
   San Francisco, CA 94117-0608
   Domain Name: ANONYMOUS.NET
   Administrative Contact, Technical Contact, Zone Contact:
      Gilmore, John  (JG150)  gnu at TOAD.COM
      +1 415 221 6524 (FAX) +1 415 221 7251
   Record last updated on 24-Jun-93.
   Record created on 24-Jun-93.
   Domain servers in listed order:
   CYGNUS.COM                   205.180.230.20
   RTL.CYGNUS.COM               205.180.230.21

@_date: 1997-02-12 10:57:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: whois cypherpunks.org ? 
On the Ft. Meade addresses for two of the cpunk domains, was there
not a humorous explanation for this posted a couple of years back? Dimly remembered: there's a town of Ft. Meade as well as The Mad Fort
itself, or something like that, and that a mail drop would be handy for
swapping useless bits of bs-buffer overflow.
If this is now classified, hit D, Degausse and deodorize your Farradage!

@_date: 1997-02-12 12:56:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: whois cypherpunks.org ? 
On the Ft. Meade addresses for two of the cpunk domains, was there
not a humorous explanation for this posted a couple of years back? Dimly remembered: there's a town of Ft. Meade as well as The Mad Fort
itself, or something like that, and that a mail drop would be handy for
swapping useless bits of bs-buffer overflow.
If this is now classified, hit D, Degausse and deodorize your Farradage!

@_date: 1997-02-13 17:22:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Technology and the Electronic Economy 
We've put the IEEE Spectrum special issue on Technology
and the Electronic Economy, with 13 articles previously listed here, at:

@_date: 1997-02-13 17:56:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Technology and the Electronic Economy 
We've put the IEEE Spectrum special issue on Technology
and the Electronic Economy, with 13 articles previously listed here, at:

@_date: 1997-02-14 09:29:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USACM analysis of Commerce Dept crypto export proposals 
Thanks for forwarding the USACM analysis. We've put it at:
   We'd welcome those submitted by cypherpunks or others, for putting on jya.com.
It will be some time before BXA publishes them along with the
Final Rule, and, there's worldwide interest in the US's

@_date: 1997-02-14 11:13:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Industry Blasts U.S. Encryption Policy 
2-14-97. National Business Review, NZ (
USA: Industry Groups Blast U.S. Encryption Policy.
Washington, Feb 13 (Reuter) - An array of private-sector trade groups charged Thursday the Clinton administration's new export policy on computer encoding technology was a failure. Encryption products, which scramble information and render it unreadable without a password or software "key," are subject to strict export limits, although the administration recently relaxed the rules a bit. The new policy "does not adequately address the needs of either the American business community or the general public," the 13 groups said in a letter to Clinton dated Wednesday and released Thursday. Among the groups signing the letter were the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the National Association of Manufacturers and the National Retail Federation, along with a host of high-tech industry groups such as the
Business Software Alliance and the Information Technology Association of America. The Centre for Democracy and Technology, an advocacy group for civil liberties in cyberspace, and the Association of Research Libraries also signed the letter. An administration spokeswoman said that, despite the complaints, the current policy would be maintained. "The administration is moving ahead with our encryption export liberalisation policy," spokeswoman Heidi Kukis said. The policy balances diverse interests by "allowing us to develop exports while protecting our national security," she said. The administration has repeatedly said it opposes allowing unfettered powerful encryption programmes out of the country where they could be used by international criminals and terrorists. Under current policy, U.S. companies cannot export products containing so-called strong encryption, used to protect everything from a business' electronic mail to a consumer's credit card number sent over the Internet,
unless the products also allow the government to crack the code by recovering the software keys. Companies can get a license to export medium-strength encryption lacking so-called key recovery features if the companies agree to incorporate key recovery in future products within two years. The Commerce Department has issued three licenses so far under the two-year provision. Digital Equipment Corp., Trusted Information Systems Inc., and Cylink Corp. won approval by promising to offer key recovery
products by 1999. International Business Machines Corp. and Hewlett Packard Co. have said they are also seeking licenses. But companies and privacy advocates rejected the administration's key recovery-based approach. "It fails to accommodate the competitiveness concerns of sellers of encryption products, the security concerns of the buyers of such products, or important privacy rights," the groups said in their letter. "We believe a fundamental rethinking of this policy is necessary," they added. "We remain interested in working with you to achieve a constructive solution to this very difficult problem." Congress is already considering proposals to dramatically relax the export restrictions without requiring key recovery.

@_date: 1997-02-14 15:26:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USACM analysis of Commerce Dept crypto export proposals 
Thanks for forwarding the USACM analysis. We've put it at:
   We'd welcome those submitted by cypherpunks or others, for putting on jya.com.
It will be some time before BXA publishes them along with the
Final Rule, and, there's worldwide interest in the US's

@_date: 1997-02-14 15:42:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Industry Blasts U.S. Encryption Policy 
2-14-97. National Business Review, NZ (
USA: Industry Groups Blast U.S. Encryption Policy.
Washington, Feb 13 (Reuter) - An array of private-sector trade groups charged Thursday the Clinton administration's new export policy on computer encoding technology was a failure. Encryption products, which scramble information and render it unreadable without a password or software "key," are subject to strict export limits, although the administration recently relaxed the rules a bit. The new policy "does not adequately address the needs of either the American business community or the general public," the 13 groups said in a letter to Clinton dated Wednesday and released Thursday. Among the groups signing the letter were the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the National Association of Manufacturers and the National Retail Federation, along with a host of high-tech industry groups such as the
Business Software Alliance and the Information Technology Association of America. The Centre for Democracy and Technology, an advocacy group for civil liberties in cyberspace, and the Association of Research Libraries also signed the letter. An administration spokeswoman said that, despite the complaints, the current policy would be maintained. "The administration is moving ahead with our encryption export liberalisation policy," spokeswoman Heidi Kukis said. The policy balances diverse interests by "allowing us to develop exports while protecting our national security," she said. The administration has repeatedly said it opposes allowing unfettered powerful encryption programmes out of the country where they could be used by international criminals and terrorists. Under current policy, U.S. companies cannot export products containing so-called strong encryption, used to protect everything from a business' electronic mail to a consumer's credit card number sent over the Internet,
unless the products also allow the government to crack the code by recovering the software keys. Companies can get a license to export medium-strength encryption lacking so-called key recovery features if the companies agree to incorporate key recovery in future products within two years. The Commerce Department has issued three licenses so far under the two-year provision. Digital Equipment Corp., Trusted Information Systems Inc., and Cylink Corp. won approval by promising to offer key recovery
products by 1999. International Business Machines Corp. and Hewlett Packard Co. have said they are also seeking licenses. But companies and privacy advocates rejected the administration's key recovery-based approach. "It fails to accommodate the competitiveness concerns of sellers of encryption products, the security concerns of the buyers of such products, or important privacy rights," the groups said in their letter. "We believe a fundamental rethinking of this policy is necessary," they added. "We remain interested in working with you to achieve a constructive solution to this very difficult problem." Congress is already considering proposals to dramatically relax the export restrictions without requiring key recovery.

@_date: 1997-02-15 06:10:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI_100 
2-15-97. NYP:
"Phone Companies Balk At Latest Plan by FBI." Markoff.
   Telcos are arguing that the new system will be far more
   intrusive and expensive than industry first thought, and
   would expand LEA wiretap capabilities 100-fold. "This is
   kind of scary. What does the FBI know about our future
   that we don't?"
See the FBI's latest wiretap plan at:

@_date: 1997-02-15 07:55:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI_100 
2-15-97. NYP:
"Phone Companies Balk At Latest Plan by FBI." Markoff.
   Telcos are arguing that the new system will be far more
   intrusive and expensive than industry first thought, and
   would expand LEA wiretap capabilities 100-fold. "This is
   kind of scary. What does the FBI know about our future
   that we don't?"
See the FBI's latest wiretap plan at:

@_date: 1997-02-16 10:35:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DFA 
There seems be sustained investigation of DFA, offensive and defensive,
by Biham and Shamir, by Anderson and Kuhn, by the Bellcore team, by Quisquater and others.
However, the smartcard manufacturers appear to have a role in dampening publicity about the ongoing research, or at least diminishing the claims of effectiveness of DFA. Carol Francher, of Motorola, for example, writes
in February IEEE Spectrum:
   Technology is a wonderful thing but criminals, too, can use it as new    equipment and techniques become available or less expensive the    barriers to cracking a system may weaken. Recently Bellcore    announced a paper, "Cryptanalysis in the presence of hardware faults"    (available at  that proposed a theoretical method for
   breaking an asymmetric encryption code once a computer (or a    smartcard microcontroller) had been forced into faulty behavior.
   The Smart Card Forum, a multi-industry membership organization    headquartered in Tampa, Fla., has stated that it does not regard this    approach as a real-world risk, since in smartcard applications more    than one technique is used to protect the security of the entire system.    But the Bellcore methodology for breaking algorithms -- as well as    similar theoretical approaches, such as the one taken by two Israeli    researchers, Eli Biham and Adi Shamir -- highlights the need to    analyze and evolve the security of any system continually.
   -- "In your pocket: smartcards."  Several of the DFA-type researchers have commented on the smartcard industry's reluctance to publicize security weaknesses when the push is on to increase consumer trust and use; see, for example, Anderson and
Kuhn at:
  Quisquater and the SG group also note the reluctance of smartcard
mass-marketers to own up to security shortcomings of which their own
engineers know and fret.
Meanwhile, the DFA proponents and opponents are eagerly absorbing the continuing DFA-relatged reports, quietly watching one another, and both sides eying the booming smartcard market for lucrative rewards, as Ms. Francher suggests: licit and il.

@_date: 1997-02-16 14:43:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DFA 
There seems be sustained investigation of DFA, offensive and defensive,
by Biham and Shamir, by Anderson and Kuhn, by the Bellcore team, by Quisquater and others.
However, the smartcard manufacturers appear to have a role in dampening publicity about the ongoing research, or at least diminishing the claims of effectiveness of DFA. Carol Francher, of Motorola, for example, writes
in February IEEE Spectrum:
   Technology is a wonderful thing but criminals, too, can use it as new    equipment and techniques become available or less expensive the    barriers to cracking a system may weaken. Recently Bellcore    announced a paper, "Cryptanalysis in the presence of hardware faults"    (available at  that proposed a theoretical method for
   breaking an asymmetric encryption code once a computer (or a    smartcard microcontroller) had been forced into faulty behavior.
   The Smart Card Forum, a multi-industry membership organization    headquartered in Tampa, Fla., has stated that it does not regard this    approach as a real-world risk, since in smartcard applications more    than one technique is used to protect the security of the entire system.    But the Bellcore methodology for breaking algorithms -- as well as    similar theoretical approaches, such as the one taken by two Israeli    researchers, Eli Biham and Adi Shamir -- highlights the need to    analyze and evolve the security of any system continually.
   -- "In your pocket: smartcards."  Several of the DFA-type researchers have commented on the smartcard industry's reluctance to publicize security weaknesses when the push is on to increase consumer trust and use; see, for example, Anderson and
Kuhn at:
  Quisquater and the SG group also note the reluctance of smartcard
mass-marketers to own up to security shortcomings of which their own
engineers know and fret.
Meanwhile, the DFA proponents and opponents are eagerly absorbing the continuing DFA-relatged reports, quietly watching one another, and both sides eying the booming smartcard market for lucrative rewards, as Ms. Francher suggests: licit and il.

@_date: 1997-02-17 05:56:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Offending Stronghold posts... 
Here're wee additions to your archive:
I subbed to cp-unedited from the first, so could compare the unedited messages with the edited. Some of mine(*) were edited, including a few
on the Stronghold topic. But to me that's not as big a deal as some want
to make of it.
For example, in response to Tim's request to repost DV's Stronghold ploy, I did so, and it was edited. Sandy sent me a courteous email stating that he was not forwarding the message. I answered that that was okay with me because I thought that DV was using the issue as a ploy to undermine Sandy. Hey, there were no legal or other threats made to me, darn it!
Another of my edited messages stated that there had been good discussion
on the unedited list about DV's Denial of Service attack on Cypherpunks.
Another noted that DV had been admirably successful in drawing others into
his fight -- in support and in opposition -- as part of his DoS.
Another questioned "Who's Censoring Who?" and offered the opinion that "censorship" rhetorically exaggerated Sandy's moderation. (I still believe that's the case.)
For what it's worth, I oppose moderation, but favor experimentation, in
the recognition that humans are near-endlessly adaptable and near-
uncontrollable no matter what control mechanisms are employed -- anarchy
is the norm whether advocated or not.
So, I think the moderation experiment was a success, in that it has led to an unexpectedly constructive reconfiguration of Cypherpunks -- and not the last, that's for sure -- and showed that any archy is wishful dreaming of tortured
hearts and minds and loins.
A one hand applause to Dr. V and archy-demolishers for vibrating the c'punks
house the way SATAN did bigger shoddy piles. Two hands to TCM for more memorable quaking of structure-bunkered c'punks and others.
* I'll supply copies of messages cited if you like.

@_date: 1997-02-17 09:09:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Offending Stronghold posts... 
OK. Here they are:
Return-Path: cypherpunks-errors at toad.com
X-Sender: jya at pop.pipeline.com
Return-Path: cypherpunks-errors at toad.com
Comments: All power to the ZOG!
Organization: Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
We already know that Sandy's bot automatically discards submissions from
people he doesn't like, irrespective of contents. In the past the rejected
articles were tossed to the "flames" list.  Now Sandy has gone one step further.  The following article criticized the product Sandy is paid to
peddle. It showed up on the 'unedited' list, but Sandy hated its contents
so much that it hasn't made it to EITHER censored or the 'flames' list!
This is the beginning of the censored article:
Comments: All power to the ZOG!
Message-Id: Organization: Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
Precedence: bulk
WARNING: There's a rogue trojan horse out there on the internet known as the
"stronghold web server".  It's actually a hacked-up version of Apache with a
backdoor, which allows hackers (or whoever knows the backdoor) to steal credit
card numbers and other confidentil information on the Internet.
Be careful! Always use encryption. Do not send confidential information 9such
as passwords and credit card numbers) to any site running the trojan horse
"stronghold". In general, beware of "snake oil" security products and hacked-up versions of
free software.
Please repost this warning to all relevant computer security forums.
(rest snipped to save bandwidth)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps
Return-Path: cypherpunks-errors at toad.com
X-Sender: jya at pop.pipeline.com
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
My version of DV's ploy came via the unedited list.
There was also a good, brief discussion about Vulis's multi-pronged
Denial of Service attack on Cypherpunks, which came unedited, along with other informative comments about how a technologically adept attacker singles out a quarry amongst a lumbering, slumbering, cud-
chewing herd. Quite beastly cryptoanarchistic.
Return-Path: cypherpunks-errors at toad.com
X-Sender: jya at pop.pipeline.com
Sandy's e-mailed several of us who've sent messages about Vulis's
ploy to put Sandy in a conflict-of-interest bind -- a well-known attack on moderators of all kinds, not just on the net. What's worth admiring is how Vulis has adeptly managed to get others
 -- targets and witting and unwitting cohorts -- to go along with his attack, attack, attack, by opposing or supporting it. A useful lesson.
Smart dude, that Vulis, but no more so than others on the Net, say, Tim
May, and in the world who've done the same elsewhere, maybe by even smarter dude(s) who provoked, angered, insulted, an unwitting Vulis, or May, to attack on behalf of ... But such deception is to be expected, along with feigned suprise and
outrage at the unfairness of opponents fighting as dirty as one's own
Sandy's not censoring cypherpunks, nor is Vulis or May or any single person alone. As Pogo said, it's all of us, posters and lurkers and spooks, each trying to get one's way to prevail, under guise of a high principle not easily honored when the squeeze is on alone in a dark cell. Come on out
Sandy, it was just a drill.
It's probably worth saving accusations of censorship for the real thing, after trial usage here for what is truly nasty high-stakes global info-war [Note: Thorn, "cuckoo" and TCM responded to this; none were forwarded
to the cp-edited list, AFIK.]

@_date: 1997-02-17 09:11:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Offending Stronghold posts... 
Here're wee additions to your archive:
I subbed to cp-unedited from the first, so could compare the unedited messages with the edited. Some of mine(*) were edited, including a few
on the Stronghold topic. But to me that's not as big a deal as some want
to make of it.
For example, in response to Tim's request to repost DV's Stronghold ploy, I did so, and it was edited. Sandy sent me a courteous email stating that he was not forwarding the message. I answered that that was okay with me because I thought that DV was using the issue as a ploy to undermine Sandy. Hey, there were no legal or other threats made to me, darn it!
Another of my edited messages stated that there had been good discussion
on the unedited list about DV's Denial of Service attack on Cypherpunks.
Another noted that DV had been admirably successful in drawing others into
his fight -- in support and in opposition -- as part of his DoS.
Another questioned "Who's Censoring Who?" and offered the opinion that "censorship" rhetorically exaggerated Sandy's moderation. (I still believe that's the case.)
For what it's worth, I oppose moderation, but favor experimentation, in
the recognition that humans are near-endlessly adaptable and near-
uncontrollable no matter what control mechanisms are employed -- anarchy
is the norm whether advocated or not.
So, I think the moderation experiment was a success, in that it has led to an unexpectedly constructive reconfiguration of Cypherpunks -- and not the last, that's for sure -- and showed that any archy is wishful dreaming of tortured
hearts and minds and loins.
A one hand applause to Dr. V and archy-demolishers for vibrating the c'punks
house the way SATAN did bigger shoddy piles. Two hands to TCM for more memorable quaking of structure-bunkered c'punks and others.
* I'll supply copies of messages cited if you like.

@_date: 1997-02-17 11:54:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WTO_tap 
Three newspapers have pieces today on the new WTO
telecom agreement. A Page 1 NYP report examines the
administration's favoring of the once-moribund WTO over the UN as a principal means for "exporting US free-market values through global commercial agreements."
The telecom agreement, for the first time, allows the WTO
to go inside the signatory countries and check compliance, and
if warranted, impose sanctions, a role once reserved to the UN.
While encryption is not mentioned, it's worth watching the
WTO globally unite its privacy-invasive predecessors: the national tele-tappers. The spin is that now all governments can have access to the global (wiretap) network under guise of
enhanced commercial competition. (And that's why Commerce was given EI for CCL.)
For related background, there's informative discussion on the encryption switchover from State to Commerce in the Defense Trade News, archived at the Dept of State Web site.
We've put the five issues in which the shift of encryption items from the USML to the CCL is formulated by the Technical
Working Group at:
  January/April 1993:       (76K)
  January 1994:             (99K)
  April 1994:               (66K)
  July/October, 1994:       (67K)
  October 1995:             (35K)

@_date: 1997-02-17 12:56:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WTO_tap 
Three newspapers have pieces today on the new WTO
telecom agreement. A Page 1 NYP report examines the
administration's favoring of the once-moribund WTO over the UN as a principal means for "exporting US free-market values through global commercial agreements."
The telecom agreement, for the first time, allows the WTO
to go inside the signatory countries and check compliance, and
if warranted, impose sanctions, a role once reserved to the UN.
While encryption is not mentioned, it's worth watching the
WTO globally unite its privacy-invasive predecessors: the national tele-tappers. The spin is that now all governments can have access to the global (wiretap) network under guise of
enhanced commercial competition. (And that's why Commerce was given EI for CCL.)
For related background, there's informative discussion on the encryption switchover from State to Commerce in the Defense Trade News, archived at the Dept of State Web site.
We've put the five issues in which the shift of encryption items from the USML to the CCL is formulated by the Technical
Working Group at:
  January/April 1993:       (76K)
  January 1994:             (99K)
  April 1994:               (66K)
  July/October, 1994:       (67K)
  October 1995:             (35K)

@_date: 1997-02-18 04:32:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FIPS 196 
NIST announced in the Federal Register today "that the Secretary of Commerce has approved a new standard, which will be published as FIPS Publication 196, Entity Authentication Using Public Key      (12K)

@_date: 1997-02-18 07:26:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FIPS 196 
NIST announced in the Federal Register today "that the Secretary of Commerce has approved a new standard, which will be published as FIPS Publication 196, Entity Authentication Using Public Key      (12K)

@_date: 1997-02-18 12:35:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: JSC Security Report 
"Redefining Security," a 1994 report to the DoD and the CIA by The Joint Security Commission, offers bountiful information
on US security strategies, policies, agencies, methodologies, and techniques, you name it, with designs for the future.
     (454K)
If you ever wanted to talk like the spooks, parrot this dictionary of NatSec ebonics.

@_date: 1997-02-18 14:26:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: JSC Security Report 
"Redefining Security," a 1994 report to the DoD and the CIA by The Joint Security Commission, offers bountiful information
on US security strategies, policies, agencies, methodologies, and techniques, you name it, with designs for the future.
     (454K)
If you ever wanted to talk like the spooks, parrot this dictionary of NatSec ebonics.

@_date: 1997-02-19 10:14:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: OECD on Dirty Money 
Last week's FT-reported OECD money laundering paper,
"FATF-VIII Money Laundering Typologies Exercise
Public Report," 5 February 1997 is at:
     (Text 94K; 4 images 78K)

@_date: 1997-02-19 15:11:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: OECD on Dirty Money 
Last week's FT-reported OECD money laundering paper,
"FATF-VIII Money Laundering Typologies Exercise
Public Report," 5 February 1997 is at:
     (Text 94K; 4 images 78K)

@_date: 1997-02-19 22:26:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FIPS 196 
NIST announced in the Federal Register today "that the Secretary of Commerce has approved a new standard, which will be published as FIPS Publication 196, Entity Authentication Using Public Key      (12K)

@_date: 1997-02-20 17:11:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Kiss the Toad 
The news wads we've been posting will appear in the cpunk
mail dumpster.
Or, we'll e-mail them to anyone who unsubs but wants
the stuff.
Send us a blank message with subject: DUM_pit
Thanks to JG for princely service, a kiss to the toad.

@_date: 1997-02-20 17:26:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Kiss the Toad 
The news wads we've been posting will appear in the cpunk
mail dumpster.
Or, we'll e-mail them to anyone who unsubs but wants
the stuff.
Send us a blank message with subject: DUM_pit
Thanks to JG for princely service, a kiss to the toad.

@_date: 1997-02-21 05:15:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Global Encryption Policy 
Mike Cobb's and Peter Gutmann's tales of mixed signals from
UK and NZ security agencies on exporting crypto demonstrate the same conflicting policies of their nations' governments as do
the travails of Zimmermann, Bernstein, Karn and Junger with the
USG -- lacking clear regulations, the agencies try bluff and The US move to clarify and tighten regulations in recent ITAR and
EAR amendments surely will be emulated by other nations, as
promised by The Wassenaar Arrangement.
It is part of the major shift of responsibility for dual-use items from national security agencies to those handling economic security, and
the guidelines are not as black and white for commerce as they are
for state -- or at least not as yet strictly codified, regulated and enforced.
However, what is happening with crypto is happening with a wide range of dual-use items, as the half-century old national security policy undergoes a transformation into economic security policy, with
the pervasive impact on subsidiary procedures and regulations in security, armaments, intelligence, research, invention, manufacturing, law, finance, politics, education and so on.
Note that the World Trade Organization is supplanting the United Nations as a forum for dispute resolution (NY Times, 18 February 1997). For more on these State-into-Commerce policy deliberations see:
The GAO/NSIAD report "Exporting Dual-Use Items," 14 January 1997:    Export Administration Regulations, with related presidential orders and agency rules and regulations:
   Bert-Jaap's site and a 1996 State Department address on The Wassenaar    The Defense Trade News from January 1993 to October 1995
on the shift of encryption items from the USML to the CCL:
    (+ four)
"Redefining Security," The Joint Security Commission's February 1994
report to DefSEc and DCI:

@_date: 1997-02-23 10:14:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CIA Lie 
The Washington Post, February 20, 1997, p. A22:
   Domestic CIA Snooping
   The CIA's assertion on its Web page that the agency does
   not keep files on Americans is not in fact true ["In the
   Loop," Federal Page, Feb. 12]. The agency opened a file on
   my client, Daniel Tsang, a political activist and librarian
   at the University of California at Irvine, in the 1980s and
   recorded his constitutionally protected activities.
   When we sued the agency, we discovered that no agency
   directives prohibit the maintenance of such files and the
   CIA lawyers made the extraordinary claim that it is legal
   for the agency to keep files on Americans, including on
   citizens' First Amendment activities. The CIA claimed that
   it is exempt from Privacy Act restrictions on such
   practices.
   While the CIA eventually agreed to expunge Mr. Tsang's file
   and promised to refrain from opening such files on him in
   the future, it refused to acknowledge any limitation on its
   authority to keep files on other Americans. It should do so
   now.
   Kate Martin
   Washington
   The writer is director of the Center for National Security
   Studies, a project of the Fund for Peace.
   -----

@_date: 1997-02-23 18:16:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CIA Lie 
After eying the disingenuous CIA letter to Greg, it may be
worth eying disingenuous USG laws on electronic surveillance, most of which ostensibly apply to foreign targets but may catch US citizens in the global sweep, say, as on Cypherpunks -- keep at it, Greg.
We've put some of them on our site today, as listed at:
   fis.htm            Foreign Intelligence Surveillance (108K)
50usc402a.txt      Coordination of Counterintelligence
50usc438.txt       Access to Classified Information
18usc794.txt       Espionage and Censorship
18usc2511.txt      Electronic Communications Intercepts
18usc2709.txt      Electronic Records Access
15usc1681u.txt     Disclosures to FBI for Counterintelligence
12usc3414.txt      Right to Financial Privacy
For details not fully revelatory of the CIA's operations, see 50USC413 et seq., by searching the United States Code at:

@_date: 1997-02-24 07:07:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TMN_yet 
We've received reports from Kuala Lumpur on the two TMnet hacks last week that led to a shutdown, with more detail than

@_date: 1997-02-24 07:10:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BON_ker 
"OECD to map out common security framework for online shopping"
"Big-Bank Group Seeks To Control Destiny Of Payment System"
"GTE Takes CyberTrust To Japan"
"GSA Announces Access America Plan"
   Key initiatives of the Access America plan, being run by the    GSA's Office of Government-wide Policy (OGP), include: providing    support to interagency groups; playing a central role in developing    card technologies; expanding the current electronic benefits transfer    (EBT) systems; and providing information technology training to
   government executives.

@_date: 1997-02-24 08:49:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDM_aok 
2-24-97. Financial Times:
"Japan is poised to adopt CDMA for digital mobile phones,
dealing a blow to European ambitions to make GSM the
world standard."
Congrats to Qualcomm! Wonder if TIA/NSA is ready to bolster CAVE, or is this a anti-GSM global deal to boost crypto-weak wireless?

@_date: 1997-02-24 14:10:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BXA Site for Crypto Comments 
The Bureau of Export Administration has set up a Web page
to provide the public comments submitted on transferring encryption items from the US Munitions List to the Commerce Control List. Here's the URL and index of hyperlinked comments on 24 February 1997;
note the 12MB comments by Technical Communications Corp.:
                         Public Comments
               Encryption Items Transferred from the
                    U.S. Munitions List to the
                       Commerce Control List
                          December 30, 1996
                            (61 FR 68572)
  1. University of Waterloo, 32K   2. John and Laren Navas, 35K
  3. Cylink, 49K   4. Motorola, 212K
  5. Secure Computing, 78K   6. Tuttle and Taylor, 313K
  7. Lyman C. Welch, 78K   8. ISTAC, 138K   9. American Association for the Advancement of Science, 230K  10. Trusted information Systems, Inc., 240K  11. IBM, 251K  12. Hughes Electronics, 250K  13. Industry Coalition on Technology Transfer (ICOTT), 196K  14. Murphy & Weber, 120K  15. Steptoe & Johnson LLP, 229K  16. America Online, Inc., 238K  17. Citibank, 1296K
 18. NCR, 104K  19. American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), 138K  20. United States Council for International Business, 449K  21. V-One, 134K  22. William A. Root, 525K  23. Thoroughbred Security Solutions, Ltd., 181K
 24. Microsoft, 2783K  25. Commercial Internet Exchange Association, 340K
 26. The Direct Marketing Association, Inc., 126K  27. Technical Communications Corp., 11896K  28. Software Publishers Association, 488K  29. Alston & Bird, 380K  30. Association for Computing Machinery, 417K  31. National Association of Manufacturers, 269K  32. Computer & Communications Industry Association, 374K  33. Dewey Ballantine, 284K  34. American Bankers Association, 482K  35. Steptoe & Johnson for Visa USA Inc. and Visa International, 192K  36. Winston & Strawn for ICOTT, 204K  37. Sun Microsystems, 331K  38. Key Escrow Working Group, 408K  39. Hewlett Packard, 336K  40. Scientific-Atlanta, Inc., 158K  41. Timothy Hinds, 66K  42. Information Security Incorporated, 119K  43. Securities Industry Association, 315K

@_date: 1997-02-25 12:26:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EI Comments Hypertext 
We're transcribing and hypertexting the 43 PDF-formatted Public Comments submitted to BXA on the transfer of encryption items from the USML to the CCL.
The first 19 comments are at:
    (194K)
1.  University of Waterloo
2.  John and Laren Navas
3.  Cylink
4.  Motorola
5.  Secure Computing
6.  Tuttle and Taylor
7.  Lyman C. Welch 8.  ISTAC
9.  American Association for the Advancement of Science
10. Trusted information Systems, Inc.
11. IBM
12. Hughes Electronics
13. Industry Coalition on Technology Transfer (ICOTT)
14. Murphy & Weber for Nokia
15. Steptoe & Johnson LLP
16. America Online, Inc.
17. Citibank
18. NCR
19. American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU)
The others should be ready late tonight or tomorrow

@_date: 1997-02-26 11:58:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GCHQ On Escrow Sham 
The GCHQ spook heading the EU's group on crypto policy admits that  law enforcement demand for key escrow is just a cover for foreign intelligence:
  There's also a lengthy description of E-mail security for
Her Majesty's Government.

@_date: 1997-02-26 17:42:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 43 Public Comments 
We've completed conversion of the 43 public comments
on encryption tranfers at BXA from PDF to HTML:
   The TOC links to each in a separate file.
Instructive reading. Microsoft and a few others punch hard,
claiming betrayal by the Admin for not consulting industry
as promised and rushing out the Interim Rule. Nearly all say stronger crypto is a must to compete globally.
Yep, a few brown-nose the bosses; guess who.

@_date: 1997-02-27 06:23:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Presidential decrees and emergency powers 
There's a list of Executive Orders from 1970-96 on emergency powers
   A related Presidential Notice is at:
   Some of the latest Executive Orders related to export administration
are listed under "background" at:
   The range of consequences of "emergency power" is vast, and traces of its affect is found in many governmental regulations and
legislation. We're adding documents to our site as we find them,
from the Departments of State, Defense and Commerce:

@_date: 1997-02-27 06:34:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 128_bit 
"Security Dynamics Unveils RSA SecurPC 2.0"
 The package is claimed to the first 128-bit encryption software to  be exported from the US and its territories, and allows companies  to implement "seamless, full-strength encryption" worldwide.

@_date: 1997-02-27 10:08:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Counterintel Center 
The National Counterintelligence Center (NACIC) announced today in the Federal Register a new system of records. There's an explanation of the NACIC and what it tries to do, reciting the James Angleton/Aldrich Ames myrrh mantra.
   The new records system includes:
   "6. Compromised Names Database. The purpose of the    database is to notify US intelligence community personnel    whose names were potentially compromised as a result of    espionage or other foreign intelligence collection activity.    NACIC reviews pertinent reports to determine documents    that were possibly passed in a particular case and then    reviews those documents for names. The database contains    the names of persons potentially compromised, date of the    memo sent to the person or their employer informing them,    the document number of where the person's name came    from, document title, and document date."

@_date: 1997-02-27 11:00:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Presidential decrees and emergency powers 
We've put the full 50USC Chapter 35 -- International
Emergency Economic Powers at:
     (284K)
Section 1701 is the great bulk of it, and describes
the purpose of emergency economic power. And
lists the current enemies -- rogue nations and terrorists -- used, as were predecessors, to justify its never-ending renewal.

@_date: 1997-02-27 16:51:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: More EI Public Comments 
BXA has listed two more public comments on encryption transfers at its Web site:
44. Electronic Messaging Association 45. American Electronics Association
BXA's PDF versions at:
    (420K)
    (339K)
Our HTML conversions at:
    (17K)
    (16K)

@_date: 1997-02-27 17:17:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EU and FBI Wiretap Scheme 
This sounds like what Spook Herson admitted in his interview:
February 25, 1997
Report: Europe OKs Wiretap Rules
London (AP) -- Europe has agreed to establish international standards with the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigations to enable authorities to tap telephones and messages sent by fax, telex and e-mail, a London newspaper reported Tuesday. The Guardian newspaper said it obtained a preliminary agreement signed by European Union nations in 1995 that calls for telecommunications companies to provide security agencies with the key to codes installed in equipment sold to customers. The newspaper report could not be confirmed independently. The aim of the alliance between U.S. and EU agencies was to set a common standard for "international interception,'' the newspaper reported. Full details on the agreement are being drawn up by officials working in European Union committees, it said. The report said European officials drafted a memorandum of understanding after Britain warned that mobile telephone systems in the hands of organized criminals posed an international threat. Thanks to D.
If anyone has the Guardian article, a copy would be appreciated.
Fax to: (US) 212-799-4003
Or scan it and send e-mail to .

@_date: 1997-02-27 19:02:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: More on EU and FBI Wiretapping 
Thanks to CA: EPIC reports today on the EU-FBI
wiretap pact. It gives this URL for the source document
which lays out the interception deception:
   See EPIC's full report at:
   [1] New Report Details FBI/European Tapping Agreements [2] Airline Security Report Released
[3] Briefs Filed in Reno v. ACLU Internet "Indecency" Challenge [4] Crypto Legislation Introduced
[5] Clipper Upgrade at DOD/Litigation Update
[6] State Department Reports Widespread Illegal Wiretapping Worldwide
[7] New Medical Privacy Survey [8] Upcoming Conferences and Events

@_date: 1997-02-28 12:13:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Guardian on EU-FBI Wiretap Pact 
Thanks to CM.
The Guardian Weekly, Volume 156, Issue 9
Week ending March 2, 1997, Page 4:
UK to join FBI phone taps
Richard Norton-Taylor and Alison Daniels
BRITAIN has secretly agreed with its European Union partners to set up
an international telecommunications tapping system in co-operation
with the FBI, it was revealed on Monday.
The agreement covers telephones and written communications -- telexes,
faxes and e-mail. To make tapping easier, telecommunications companies
will be obliged to give security and intelligence agencies the key to
codes installed in equipment sold to private customers.
Detailed plans are being drawn up by officials in a secret network of
EU committees established under the "third pillar" of the Maastricht
Treaty, covering co-operation on law and order issues.
Civil liberties groups, while agreeing that there was a need for such
an agreement to fight against serious crime, said the plans raised a
number of privacy and data protection issues and must be the subject
of a full public debate.
Britain is an enthusiastic supporter of joint action in this area,
which is conducted on an inter-governmental basis with no role for the
European Commission, the European Parliament or the European Court of
Justice. It is an area where the EU's "democratic deficit" is most
Key points of the plan are outlined in a memorandum of understanding
signed by EU states in 1995, which is still classified. It reflects
increasing concern among European intelligence agencies that modern
technology will prevent them from tapping private communications.
EU governments agreed to co-operate closely with the FBI in Washington
as they work out detailed plans.
As posted yesterday, for a report on EU-FBI wiretapping:

@_date: 1997-02-28 14:09:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Senate Intel Report 
The US Senate Select Committee on Intelligence has published
a special report on its activities from January 4, 1995 to October 3, 1996, which shows an unsuprising parallel to
Cypherpunks topics -- even a bit on crypto. We've put it at:
     (135K)
Here's the TOC:
  I. Introduction
 II. Legislation
       Intelligence Budget
       S. 922 Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1996
       S. 1718 Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1997
       Intelligence Renewal and Reform Act of 1996
       The National Imagery and Mapping Agency
III. Arms Control
       Chemical Weapons Convention
       START II Treaty
 IV. Counterintelligence
       The Aldrich Ames Espionage Case
       French Flap
       Economic Espionage
       Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act
  V. Counterterrorism
       Terrorism Threat Overview
       Khubar Towers and OPM-SANG Bombings
 VI. Counterproliferation
       Non-Proliferation
       North Korean Weapons of Mass Destruction Programs
       Long-Range Missile Threat
VII. Oversight Activities
       National Security Threats to the United States
       Intelligence Support to U.S. Efforts in Bosnia
       Inquiry into U.S. Actions Regarding Iranian and Other
           Arms Transfers to the Bosnian Army
       Congressional Notification of Foreign Policy Decisions
       Persian Gulf Syndrome
       Zona Rosa
       Vietnamese Commandos
       CIA/Contra/Cocaine Link
       CIA Use of Journalists, Clergy, and Peace Corps
           Volunteers in Intelligence Operations
       Guatemala
       Intelligence Support to Law Enforcement
       Congressional Notifications of Intelligence Activities
       Airborne Reconnaissance
       National Reconnaissance Office Carry Forward
       Small Satellites
       Covert Action
       Encryption Export Policy
       Security of the U.S. Information Infrastructure
       Jane Doe Thompson Case
       Oversight of the Intelligence Community Inspectors
           General
       Organized Crime in the Former Soviet Union
       Program Review and Audit Staff
VIII.Foreign Intelligence
       North Korea
       Iraq
       Russia
       China
       Mexico
       Economic Espionage
       Environmental and Demographic Intelligence
       Intelligence Sharing with the United Nations
 IX. Confirmations
       DCI John M. Deutch
       DDCI George J. Tenet
  X. Committee Internal Reforms and Enhancements
       End of the Designee System
       Term Limits
       PolicyNet
     Summary of Committee Activities
       Number of Meetings
       Bills and Resolutions Originated by the Committee
       Bills Referred to the Committee
       Committee Publications
       Memorandum of Agreement Regarding TIARA and JMIP

@_date: 1997-01-01 06:09:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FinCEN reports from GAO 
The GAO reports Woody cites(*) and others are available online at:
     Here's a list on money laundering reports, and one which reports
on the burgeoning federal law enforcement agencies.
(*) Money Laundering: Progress Report on Treasury's Financial Crimes
Enforcement Network (Letter Report, 11/08/93, GAO/GGD-94-30).
Money Laundering: Characteristics of Currency Transaction Reports Filed
in Calendar Year 1992 (Fact Sheet, 11/10/93, GAO/GGD-94-45FS).
Money Laundering: U.S. Efforts To Fight It Are Threatened By Currency
Smuggling (Chapter Report, 03/09/94, GAO/GGD-94-73).
Money Laundering: The Volume of Currency Transaction Reports Filed Can
and Should Be Reduced (Testimony, 03/15/94, GAO/T-GGD-94-113).
(*) Money Laundering: Needed Improvements for Reporting Suspicious
Transactions Are Planned (Chapter Report, 05/30/95, GAO/GGD-95-156).
Money Laundering: Stakeholders View Recordkeeping Requirements for
Cashier's Checks as Sufficient (Letter Report, 07/28/95, GAO/GGD-95-189).
Money Laundering: Rapid Growth of Casinos Makes Them Vulnerable (Letter
Report, 01/04/96, GAO/GGD-96-28).
Counterfeit U.S. Currency Abroad: Observations on Counterfeiting and U.S.
Deterrence Efforts (Testimony, 02/27/96, GAO/T-GGD-96-82).
Money Laundering: U.S. Efforts to Combat Money Laundering Overseas
(Testimony, 02/28/96, GAO/T-GGD-96-84).
Money Laundering: A Framework for Understanding U.S. Efforts Overseas
(Letter Report, 05/24/96, GAO/GGD-96-105).

@_date: 1997-01-02 07:43:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FIPS for AES 
Federal Register: January 2, 1997, Pages 93-94.
Announcing Development of a FIPS for Advanced Encryption Standard
Agency: NIST
Notice; Request for comments.

@_date: 1997-01-03 05:20:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: E-commerce Spying 
MSNBC today features E-commerce:
   With sidebars on how E-payment systems require
money-tracking spies. In the cause of consumer
security, at the cost of privacy.
Kalliste reported yesterday on the White House's spying on global bank transactions:
   In the cause of national security, at the cost of privacy.
Defense into commerce, GAK privatized.

@_date: 1997-01-03 21:37:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EAR Doc 
We've prepared a hyperlinked version of the Export
Administration Regulations (EAR) to assist analysis, evaluation and commentary on interim rules for encryption export:
   It's sobering to study the EAR and see the lethal weapons to which encryption is wed -- the most mass-murderous of high-technology calmly described as commercial warfare for the commonweal.
Ponder the Commerce Control list to see the mayhem
elite minds concoct.

@_date: 1997-01-05 19:05:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EAR Amendments 
We have revised the hypertext EAR to include amendments of the four succeeding revisions:
  License Exceptions, December 4, 1996, which   amends Parts 732, 736, 740, 742, 744, 746,   748, 750, 752, 758, and 770.
  Licensing of Key Escrow, December 13, 1996,   which amends Parts 734, 740, 742, 762 and 774.
  Computer Revisions, December 23, 1996, which   amends Parts 740, 770, and 774.
  And the latest: Encryption Transferred From   the USML to the CCL, December 30, 1996, which   amends Parts 730, 732, 734, 736, 738, 740,   742, 744, 748, 750, 768, 772, and 774.
At the same URL:

@_date: 1997-01-06 05:09:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TCM_log 
NYT reports on Net spying, and cites 527 Tim May postings to 32 groups. The "highly regarded privacy and cryptography advocate was less shocked than bemused" by the log. Cypherpunks is named as logged by god's eye.

@_date: 1997-01-06 05:49:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: High-tech tracking by police raises legal outcry 
On prohibitions against surveillance countermeasures:
Here's a provocative distinction in "compromising emanations" (TEMPEST) from the Commerce Control List of the EAR:
"List of Items Controlled
   5A002.d Equipment designed or modified to suppress    the compromising emanations of information-bearing    signals;
   Note: 5A002.d does not control equipment specially    designed to suppress emanations for reasons of health    and safety."
Wonder how much dangerous EMR the regs allow to keep the snoops happy. Reminds me of the brain-cancer-crypto NSA imposed on cellular phone intentional radiators.

@_date: 1997-01-06 06:26:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SPI_nRx 
01-04-97:  "Commerce Official Sees Little Chance of Encryption Bill"
  Reinsch said it's unlikely Congress will pass legislation to   change new encryption export policy. He defended new   export policy and said that Supreme Court ultimately will   decide constitutionality of regulations.
And another spin on DoD's defensive IW.

@_date: 1997-01-06 09:48:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IWD_ism 
"Information-Warfare Defense Is Urged"
   The Defense Science Board said the Pentagon should    launch counterattacks against computer hackers by    injecting the attackers'  computers with "a polymorphic    virus that wipes out the system, takes it down for weeks."
   The report largely sidesteps as irrelevant the continuing    controversy about the export of encryption codes.

@_date: 1997-01-07 05:42:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FTC Online Privacy Report 
The Federal Trade Commission released yesterday:
"Consumer Privacy on the Global Information Infrastructure"    Reuters 1-6-97:
  The Federal Trade Commission, which last year held a conference   on privacy issues, said participants at the gathering agreed that   businesses have four ways to protect consumer privacy:
  -- Notify consumers about how personal information collected online is
  used.
  -- Give consumers a choice about whether and how their personal
  information is used.
  -- Ensure the security of personal information is protected.
  -- Give consumers access to their own personal information to ensure its
  accuracy.

@_date: 1997-01-08 20:18:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IW-D Report 
We've digtized the 200-page "Information Warfare-
Defense" report by the Defense Science Board.
    It's quite informative about large-scale planning
for coping with the threats of information age --
encryption among many other political, economic,
technical and legal issues. There is overlap with
the NRC cryptography report on prospects for
technological fixes to security, but this report
envisions a much more comprehensive plan. (William Ware served on both panels; Stewart Baker on the IW-D.)
Comparison to threat models of the Center for Disease Control, FEMA and the National Drug Intelligence Center
is provocative (Appendix D).
Well worth reading for a preview of the next century's opportunities for wealth, power and infamy.
REPORT OF THE DEFENSE SCIENCE BOARD TASK FORCE    ON INFORMATION WARFARE - DEFENSE (IW-D) November 1996
TABLE OF CONTENTS
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
1.0 INTRODUCTION
2.0 ENVIRONMENT
    2.1 Growing Dependency, Growing Risk       2.2 Information Warfare       2.3 The Infrastructure       2.4 Threat
3.0 OBSERVATIONS
4.0 WHAT SHOULD WE DEFEND?
5.0 HOW SHOULD WE DEFEND?
    5.1 Procedures, Processes and Mechanisms       5.2 Strategy
6.0 RECOMMENDATIONS
    6.1 Designate an Accountable IW Focal Point       6.2 Organize for IW-D
        6.2.1 Establish a Center for Intelligence Indications               and Warning, Current Intelligence, and Threat               Assessments             6.2.2 Establish a Center for IW-D Operations             6.2.3 Establish a Center for IW-D Planning and               Coordination             6.2.4 Establish a Joint Office for System, Network and               Infrastructure Design             6.2.5 Establish a Red Team for Independent Assessments
    6.3 Increase Awareness       6.4 Assess Infrastructure Dependencies and Vulnerabilities       6.5 Define Threat Conditions and Responses       6.6 Assess IW-D Readiness       6.7 "Raise the Bar" with High Pay-Off, Low-Cost Items       6.8 Establish and Maintain a Minimum Essential Information         Infrastructure       6.9 Focus the R&D       6.10 Staff for Success       6.11 Resolve the Legal Issues       6.12 Participate Fully in Critical Infrastructure Protection       6.13 Provide the Resources
7.0 SUMMARY
APPENDIX A: Threat Assessment
APPENDIX B: National Intelligence Exploitation Architecture
APPENDIX C: A Taxonomy for Information Warfare?
APPENDIX D: Organizational Models
  D.1 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention     D.2 Federal Emergency Management Agency Federal Response       Plan     D.3 National Drug Intelligence Center
APPENDIX E: Think Pieces
  E.1 Information Infrastructure Assurance Principles     E.2 "Raise the Bar" Exercise
APPENDIX F: Technology Issues
APPENDIX G: List of Acronyms
APPENDIX H: Glossary

@_date: 1997-01-09 04:21:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Esnoop Corrections 
RH helpfully noted errors in a few URLs in the "Electronic Surveillance" doc which have been

@_date: 1997-01-09 04:22:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Esnoop Corrections 
RH helpfully noted errors in a few URLs in the "Electronic Surveillance" doc which have been

@_date: 1997-01-09 08:11:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IBM Opens Bin 
IBM announced today that it will make available free to the public its vast bin of 2 million US patents formerly accessible only to its own engineers and attorneys:
      Welcome to the IBM Patent Server. With this World Wide
   Web server, IBM lets you access over 26 years of U.S.
   Patent & Trademark Office (USPTO) patent descriptions
   as well as the last ten years of images. The first entries date
   back to January 5, 1971. You can search, retrieve and study
   over two million patents.
NYT has a report about it:

@_date: 1997-01-09 08:11:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Punch 
Punch in "cryptography" at the IBM patent site and
ogle: you won't believe your oozing orbs.
   Then try other bell-ringers of this punch-drunk ring.

@_date: 1997-01-14 12:56:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Newt's phone calls 
Omnipoint has a full-page ad in the New York Times today
which capitalizes on Newt's lack of privacy and claims that
its spread spectrum phone would have protected him with
with encryption and digital technology superior to cellular:
   Nokia, for one, touts its use of the CAVE encryption in its
latest unit, although its not clear which version.
The CAVE algorithm and implementation is now at:
   News may be forthcoming about CAVE -- which, to remind,
is an acronym for Caller Authentication and Voice Encryption.
It has apparently gone through several versions -- whether
getting progressively stronger or weaker is a question soon to be answered authentically?

@_date: 1997-01-18 05:58:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Repeal the 9th Amendment? 
A challenge on the ignored Ninth Amendment:
1-14-97. Washington Times, p. A14:
Why not just repeal the forgotten Ninth Amendment
Your Jan. 9 article on the "assisted suicide" issue argued before the U.S. Supreme Court does not mention the Ninth Amendment once ("High court wrestles with assisted suicide"). I was not surprised. Democrats and Republicans consistently ignore the Ninth (and appoint judges who likewise ignore it).
The Ninth Amendment states: "The enumeration in the Constitution of certain rights shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people." By ignoring this plain wording, the judiciary displays a reluctance to "create new constitutional rights," an admirable sentiment. Considering that no one seems to take it seriously, perhaps we should consider repealing the "forgotten" Ninth Amendment.
After all, it seems to be written in invisible ink on just about every copy of the Bill of Rights owned by journalists and the judiciary. It is never the basis if deciding cases. Instead, it just clutters up the Bill of Rights and causes libertarians to prattle on endlessly about individual rights. I believe it would be healthy for this country to debate repealing the Ninth Although I am opposed to the idea of repealing it, I am just as opposed to the idea of ignoring parts of the Bill of Rights. Perhaps my proposed debate will cause some lawyers, journalists, judges and Supreme Court justices to reconsider their present Jim Ray
Miami, Fla.
Mr. Ray is chairman of the Dade County Libertarian Party Organization.

@_date: 1997-01-19 06:50:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: INV_ade 
1-19-97. NYP:
"At the New Frontier of Eavesdropping." Markoff.
  Many phone companies are now rushing to introduce new
  digital services that provide better sound quality. But
  when security standards were set for the new systems five
  years ago, technical experts from the Government
  discouraged the phone companies from building in coding
  systems that would be difficult to break. Moreover, the
  phone companies themselves decided that real privacy was
  not a major issue. "Time to market turned out to be more   important than real security," said John Gilmore.
  Indeed, in recent weeks the supposedly secret formula for
  scrambling digital wireless phone calls was posted to an
  Internet mailing list. That virtually insures that hackers
  will soon create a way to modify scanners like the one the
  Martins used, making digital calls just as vulnerable as
  analog calls are today. "There's a period in which privacy   prevails over surveillance, but it's never for very long."

@_date: 1997-01-20 07:33:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: UNS_top 
01-16-97. Reuters:
"Unstoppable Internet will defy controls"
 Governments which seek to restrain the freedom of speech and tax  the vast electronic commerce spawned by the Internet will almost certainly  be wasting their time, experts say, and that any attempt to control  traffic over the Internet will be futile. Governments in China, Burma and  Singapore have already tried to discipline this on-line activity with  minimal success.
 Dr Bob Glass of Sun Microsystems Inc said any attempt by governments to  curtail any of this would be a waste of time. Not even the most powerful  computers will be able to effectively patrol the world's telephone lines.  Individual computer experts will always be one step ahead.
 "Big brother is out there trying to monitor this, but I don't think they're
 competent enough," he said. "Government is not really aware of the
 magnitude of money exchange on the web, but there's really not much they
 can do about it."
 Professor Patrick Purcell from London's Imperial College describes the
 Internet as a highly subversive phenomenom for international
 telecommunications, for a nation's state security and for international
 commerce.

@_date: 1997-01-20 08:31:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: UNS_top 
01-16-97. Reuters:
"Unstoppable Internet will defy controls"
 Governments which seek to restrain the freedom of speech and tax  the vast electronic commerce spawned by the Internet will almost certainly  be wasting their time, experts say, and that any attempt to control  traffic over the Internet will be futile. Governments in China, Burma and  Singapore have already tried to discipline this on-line activity with  minimal success.
 Dr Bob Glass of Sun Microsystems Inc said any attempt by governments to  curtail any of this would be a waste of time. Not even the most powerful  computers will be able to effectively patrol the world's telephone lines.  Individual computer experts will always be one step ahead.
 "Big brother is out there trying to monitor this, but I don't think they're
 competent enough," he said. "Government is not really aware of the
 magnitude of money exchange on the web, but there's really not much they
 can do about it."
 Professor Patrick Purcell from London's Imperial College describes the
 Internet as a highly subversive phenomenom for international
 telecommunications, for a nation's state security and for international
 commerce.

@_date: 1997-01-21 19:44:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Seismic Crypto 
In a NYT report today on a "mysterious" blast in the
Australian outback in 1993, there's mention of "seismic
weapons" and research on them by Nicholas Tesla
in the 1930s.
Would any of our weapons connoisseurs have more
info on what these are and how they were supposed to
work? Electrical, chemical, nuclear?
That Aussie blast has still not been identified except
that it was something in the nuclear weapon, earthquake or meteorite range. The Arum sect, which owned 500,000
acres in the viciniity, was a suspect for a while but later cleared, although it was looking into seismic weapons.
Will send the story:
Or read it at

@_date: 1997-01-21 20:10:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Seismic Crypto 
In a NYT report today on a "mysterious" blast in the
Australian outback in 1993, there's mention of "seismic
weapons" and research on them by Nicholas Tesla
in the 1930s.
Would any of our weapons connoisseurs have more
info on what these are and how they were supposed to
work? Electrical, chemical, nuclear?
That Aussie blast has still not been identified except
that it was something in the nuclear weapon, earthquake or meteorite range. The Arum sect, which owned 500,000
acres in the viciniity, was a suspect for a while but later cleared, although it was looking into seismic weapons.
Will send the story:
Or read it at

@_date: 1997-01-22 07:17:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EZP_ikn 
"Method and apparatus for end-to-end encryption of a data
packet in a computer network (Assignee -- Digital Equipment
  Inventor(s): Hawe, William R., Lampson, Butler W., Gupta, Amar
"Mykotronx Upgrades US Army Satellite Comms"
  Mykotronx will develop and manufacture the refurbished Batson   encryption subsystem, called the RBatson. Also known as KIG-34,   the system will provide critical command and control protection   for the US Defense Satellite Communication System (DSCS),   including encryption, authentication, and anti-jamming   capabilities.

@_date: 1997-01-22 07:55:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EZP_ikn 
"Method and apparatus for end-to-end encryption of a data
packet in a computer network (Assignee -- Digital Equipment
  Inventor(s): Hawe, William R., Lampson, Butler W., Gupta, Amar
"Mykotronx Upgrades US Army Satellite Comms"
  Mykotronx will develop and manufacture the refurbished Batson   encryption subsystem, called the RBatson. Also known as KIG-34,   the system will provide critical command and control protection   for the US Defense Satellite Communication System (DSCS),   including encryption, authentication, and anti-jamming   capabilities.

@_date: 1997-01-22 08:33:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: David Kahn advocates GAK 
Yep, thanks for the pointer, Rob. Kahn's online at:
   Anybody unable to access, send us a note:

@_date: 1997-01-22 08:55:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: David Kahn advocates GAK 
Yep, thanks for the pointer, Rob. Kahn's online at:
   Anybody unable to access, send us a note:

@_date: 1997-01-23 16:52:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GOO_gol 
Richard Crandall, NeXT scientist, writes eloquently on large numbers in February SciAm. He cites cryptographic strength as
one result of research on the gargantuan googol and googolplex. He reviews current work on sieve techniques for factorization

@_date: 1997-01-23 17:38:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GOO_gol 
Richard Crandall, NeXT scientist, writes eloquently on large numbers in February SciAm. He cites cryptographic strength as
one result of research on the gargantuan googol and googolplex. He reviews current work on sieve techniques for factorization

@_date: 1997-01-24 08:56:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PSS_sst 
New Scientist of 25 January reviews the Bernstein's case against crypto export, US global seduction of
foreign goverrments to suppress domestic calls for
privacy, and therewith deftly alerts British leaders and readers to undermining the "secretive bureaucratic" Uncle Sam scam, says the deft-underminer cpunkers

@_date: 1997-01-24 10:17:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PSS_sst 
New Scientist of 25 January reviews the Bernstein's case against crypto export, US global seduction of
foreign goverrments to suppress domestic calls for
privacy, and therewith deftly alerts British leaders and readers to undermining the "secretive bureaucratic" Uncle Sam scam, says the deft-underminer cpunkers

@_date: 1997-01-25 11:17:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US Info Supremacy 
"Defence experts in both the US and western Europe
have commented recently that the US forces' lead in
information technology is growing to the point where
Washington may question the military usefulness of
Pointers to these comments would be appreciated.
Further, if the speculation of US supremacist go-it-alone
policy is correct, how might this affect:
1. US crypto export policy.
2. Crypto czar Aarons' role in promoting global GAK.
3. Other nation's suspicion of the US and its technological
prowess, caused, for example, by the NSA's avowed intention to surveil all the world's communcation, and if encrypted to crack it at any cost.
4. Increasing isolation of the US from foreign innovation and talent -- the imperialist incest decline.
5. The future of treaties such as US/UK/AUS, NATO, SEATO,
and the like for intel-sharing and crypto control.
Two observations:
One, last year's NRC crypto report said that strong crypto should not be a problem, and that other, unidentified, technologies should be supported instead to assure domestic and national security.
Two, the recent InfoWar-Defense report has been criticized as unduly
alarmist, because the US has sufficient means (Perry and others claim) to protect against information attacks. One NCSC commentator on talk.politics.crypto said that the IW-D techie panelists were out of touch, unlike Stewart Baker, a lawyer!
Hence, it might be worth considering that both the NRC report and
the IW-D reports are diversionary, disinformation to conceal US
true capabilities -- strengths and weaknesses. Moreover, the crypto debate itself might be diversionary from other more crucial information defense technology -- for surveilling, sifting, interpreting, analyzing, decrypting, mining and securely storing. As well as offensive means to counterattack US communications attackers.
Or, turning the matter one more time, perhaps crypto is in fact the heart of the national security problem and the avowed other, unidentified, more
crucial, technology is a sham to mislead about US and other government's
true weaknesses. The Commerce Control List is almost incoherent in
trying to definitively regulate advancing technology.
Paranoia may be increasing among governments due to the crypto debate
and related issues of information security, such that each may, like the
US is allegedly doing, retreating to within its own technological borders, while
at the same time engaging in PsyWar about threats, defenses and offenses.
Hello, Tim May and our other solons and Solomons.

@_date: 1997-01-25 12:55:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US Info Supremacy 
"Defence experts in both the US and western Europe
have commented recently that the US forces' lead in
information technology is growing to the point where
Washington may question the military usefulness of
Pointers to these comments would be appreciated.
Further, if the speculation of US supremacist go-it-alone
policy is correct, how might this affect:
1. US crypto export policy.
2. Crypto czar Aarons' role in promoting global GAK.
3. Other nation's suspicion of the US and its technological
prowess, caused, for example, by the NSA's avowed intention to surveil all the world's communcation, and if encrypted to crack it at any cost.
4. Increasing isolation of the US from foreign innovation and talent -- the imperialist incest decline.
5. The future of treaties such as US/UK/AUS, NATO, SEATO,
and the like for intel-sharing and crypto control.
Two observations:
One, last year's NRC crypto report said that strong crypto should not be a problem, and that other, unidentified, technologies should be supported instead to assure domestic and national security.
Two, the recent InfoWar-Defense report has been criticized as unduly
alarmist, because the US has sufficient means (Perry and others claim) to protect against information attacks. One NCSC commentator on talk.politics.crypto said that the IW-D techie panelists were out of touch, unlike Stewart Baker, a lawyer!
Hence, it might be worth considering that both the NRC report and
the IW-D reports are diversionary, disinformation to conceal US
true capabilities -- strengths and weaknesses. Moreover, the crypto debate itself might be diversionary from other more crucial information defense technology -- for surveilling, sifting, interpreting, analyzing, decrypting, mining and securely storing. As well as offensive means to counterattack US communications attackers.
Or, turning the matter one more time, perhaps crypto is in fact the heart of the national security problem and the avowed other, unidentified, more
crucial, technology is a sham to mislead about US and other government's
true weaknesses. The Commerce Control List is almost incoherent in
trying to definitively regulate advancing technology.
Paranoia may be increasing among governments due to the crypto debate
and related issues of information security, such that each may, like the
US is allegedly doing, retreating to within its own technological borders, while
at the same time engaging in PsyWar about threats, defenses and offenses.
Hello, Tim May and our other solons and Solomons.

@_date: 1997-01-26 14:50:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cellular Encryption Docs 
Thanks to David Wagner and Steve Schear, we've learned about the
latest documents on cellular encryption which supercede the
1992 CAVE document, Appendix A to IS-54, which contained the CAVE algorithm. Here are the latest, followed by ordering information.
  TIA/EIA/IS-136.1-A -- TDMA Cellular/PCS - Radio Interface -
  Mobile Station - Base Station Compatibility - Digital Control
  Panel, October, 1996, 372 pp. $350.00.
  Addendum No. 1 to IS-136.1-A, November, 1996, 40 pp. Free.
  TIA/EIA/IS-136.2-A -- TDMA Cellular/PCS - Radio Interface -
  Mobile Station - Base Station Compatibility - Traffic Channels
  and FSK Control Channel, October, 1996, 378 pp. $310.00.
  TIA/EIA-627 -- 800 MHZ Cellular System, TDMA Radio Interface,   Dual-Mode Mobile Station - Base Station Compatibility
  Standard, June, 1996, 258 pp. $120.00.
These documents can be ordered from:
  Global Engineering Documents
  15 Inverness Way East
  Englewood, Colorado 80112
  Telephone: 1-800-854-7179
However, each of the documents lists the following related supplements which contain "sensitive information" and may be obtained by US/CA citizens from TIA by signing a Non-Disclosure Agreement and acceptance of export restrictions:
  Appendix A to IS-136.
  Appendix A to 627.
  Common Cryptographic Algorithms.
  Interface Specification for Common Cryptographic Algorithms.
These controlled documents can be requested by calling Ms. Sharon
Vargish at 1-703-907-7702, who will fax an NDA, and upon receipt of
the completed form, will send the controlled documents at no cost.
Here's the NDA:
         AGREEMENT ON CONTROL AND NONDISCLOSURE OF
              COMMON CRYPTOGRAPHIC ALGORITHMS
          REVISION A TO IS-54, IS-95, AND IS-136
      [Note: 627 supercedes IS-54; IS-95 is for CDMA]
"I, _________________________, an employee/consultant/affiliate
       (typed name)
of __________________________, hereafter, "the company,"
      (Company name)
      (Company address)
and a United States or Canadian citizen, acknowledge and understand
that the subject documents, to which I will have access contain information [which] is subject to export control under the
International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) (Title 22, Code
of Federal Regulations, Part 120-130). I also understand that the
subject documents represent valuable, proprietary and confidential
business information of TIA and its members. I hereby certify that
this information will be controlled and will only be further disclosed, exported, or transferred according to the terms of the
______________________________       _____________________________
Signature                            Date
______________________________       _____________________________
Printed Name                         Witness
______________________________       _____________________________
Title                                Printed Name of Witness
[End NDA]

@_date: 1997-01-26 15:27:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cellular Encryption Docs 
Thanks to David Wagner and Steve Schear, we've learned about the
latest documents on cellular encryption which supercede the
1992 CAVE document, Appendix A to IS-54, which contained the CAVE algorithm. Here are the latest, followed by ordering information.
  TIA/EIA/IS-136.1-A -- TDMA Cellular/PCS - Radio Interface -
  Mobile Station - Base Station Compatibility - Digital Control
  Panel, October, 1996, 372 pp. $350.00.
  Addendum No. 1 to IS-136.1-A, November, 1996, 40 pp. Free.
  TIA/EIA/IS-136.2-A -- TDMA Cellular/PCS - Radio Interface -
  Mobile Station - Base Station Compatibility - Traffic Channels
  and FSK Control Channel, October, 1996, 378 pp. $310.00.
  TIA/EIA-627 -- 800 MHZ Cellular System, TDMA Radio Interface,   Dual-Mode Mobile Station - Base Station Compatibility
  Standard, June, 1996, 258 pp. $120.00.
These documents can be ordered from:
  Global Engineering Documents
  15 Inverness Way East
  Englewood, Colorado 80112
  Telephone: 1-800-854-7179
However, each of the documents lists the following related supplements which contain "sensitive information" and may be obtained by US/CA citizens from TIA by signing a Non-Disclosure Agreement and acceptance of export restrictions:
  Appendix A to IS-136.
  Appendix A to 627.
  Common Cryptographic Algorithms.
  Interface Specification for Common Cryptographic Algorithms.
These controlled documents can be requested by calling Ms. Sharon
Vargish at 1-703-907-7702, who will fax an NDA, and upon receipt of
the completed form, will send the controlled documents at no cost.
Here's the NDA:
         AGREEMENT ON CONTROL AND NONDISCLOSURE OF
              COMMON CRYPTOGRAPHIC ALGORITHMS
          REVISION A TO IS-54, IS-95, AND IS-136
      [Note: 627 supercedes IS-54; IS-95 is for CDMA]
"I, _________________________, an employee/consultant/affiliate
       (typed name)
of __________________________, hereafter, "the company,"
      (Company name)
      (Company address)
and a United States or Canadian citizen, acknowledge and understand
that the subject documents, to which I will have access contain information [which] is subject to export control under the
International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) (Title 22, Code
of Federal Regulations, Part 120-130). I also understand that the
subject documents represent valuable, proprietary and confidential
business information of TIA and its members. I hereby certify that
this information will be controlled and will only be further disclosed, exported, or transferred according to the terms of the
______________________________       _____________________________
Signature                            Date
______________________________       _____________________________
Printed Name                         Witness
______________________________       _____________________________
Title                                Printed Name of Witness
[End NDA]

@_date: 1997-01-27 16:39:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Handbook of Applied Cryptography 
Here's the publisher's URL for Handbook of Applied Cryptography, which amplifies Patrick's summary, and gives ordering info.
     Just reading the mouthwatering summaries and the extensive, detailed list of topics is a good primer on crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-27 19:11:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Handbook of Applied Cryptography 
Here's the publisher's URL for Handbook of Applied Cryptography, which amplifies Patrick's summary, and gives ordering info.
     Just reading the mouthwatering summaries and the extensive, detailed list of topics is a good primer on crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-28 13:09:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Handbook of Applied Cryptography 
Here's the publisher's URL for Handbook of Applied Cryptography, which amplifies Patrick's summary, and gives ordering info.
     Just reading the mouthwatering summaries and the extensive, detailed list of topics is a good primer on crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-29 05:42:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: COO_kin 
1-29-97. NYP:
GAK-czar cooks key hooks.
FBI cooks lab books.

@_date: 1997-01-29 07:10:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: COO_kin 
1-29-97. NYP:
GAK-czar cooks key hooks.
FBI cooks lab books.

@_date: 1997-01-30 07:13:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: KOW_tow 
"New Crypto Engines From Trusted Information Systems Allow Easy
International Use of Strong Encryption "
  By supporting any application that calls for the use of algorithms such   as DES, Triple-DES, or 128-bit RC2 or RC4, "this product will allow   Windows users to use encryption as easily as they use a mouse.   Previously, if developers wanted to use encryption in their products, they   had to consider writing two different versions, dealing with changing   export regulations, and so on. Now, they can write one version of the   program and sell it worldwide, knowing that the CSP will handle the   encryption legally and safely."
"Two Companies Set to Offer Key Recovery Services Using Technology
from TIS "
  SourceKey and Data Securities International (DSI) have applied
  for approval to operate Key Recovery Centers to support
  exported encryption products. TIS also announced today that it is in   negotiations with  the National Computing Centre, Ltd. of the U.K. and   Philips Crypto BV of the Netherlands to license the first non-U.S.-based   Key Recovery Centers for third party use.
"Burns Prepares To Reintroduce Encryption Bill"
  "This time around," Burns said, "we intend to put a bill on the
  President's desk and find out if he is truly on the side of the
  users and providers of rapidly expanding high-tech goods and
  services." It would prohibit a mandatory system under which
 producers or users of hardware and software would be required
 to surrender a decoding "key" to a third party.

@_date: 1997-01-30 07:40:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: KOW_tow 
"New Crypto Engines From Trusted Information Systems Allow Easy
International Use of Strong Encryption "
  By supporting any application that calls for the use of algorithms such   as DES, Triple-DES, or 128-bit RC2 or RC4, "this product will allow   Windows users to use encryption as easily as they use a mouse.   Previously, if developers wanted to use encryption in their products, they   had to consider writing two different versions, dealing with changing   export regulations, and so on. Now, they can write one version of the   program and sell it worldwide, knowing that the CSP will handle the   encryption legally and safely."
"Two Companies Set to Offer Key Recovery Services Using Technology
from TIS "
  SourceKey and Data Securities International (DSI) have applied
  for approval to operate Key Recovery Centers to support
  exported encryption products. TIS also announced today that it is in   negotiations with  the National Computing Centre, Ltd. of the U.K. and   Philips Crypto BV of the Netherlands to license the first non-U.S.-based   Key Recovery Centers for third party use.
"Burns Prepares To Reintroduce Encryption Bill"
  "This time around," Burns said, "we intend to put a bill on the
  President's desk and find out if he is truly on the side of the
  users and providers of rapidly expanding high-tech goods and
  services." It would prohibit a mandatory system under which
 producers or users of hardware and software would be required
 to surrender a decoding "key" to a third party.

@_date: 1997-01-31 11:55:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CAST 
For a paper on CAST see:
   "Constructing Symmetric Ciphers Using the CAST Design Procedure"
By Carlisle M. Adams

@_date: 1997-01-31 20:25:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CAST 
Thanks for the URL correction on Carlisle Adam's CAST paper. I see that the Entrust site offers the paper in Word and Postscript formats; for those who may prefer an HTML version see a copy downloaded from the Nortel site at:

@_date: 1997-07-02 02:19:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Walsh Report 
Thanks to Anonymous (V) we offer the full Walsh report for the
Australian government on encryption policy which critiques the validity of key escrow, as described in the news report posted by John Gilmore yesterday. It's a big one, 280K so we offer three 1. Full report:        (280K)
2. Full report Zipped:        (93K)
3. Separate files for TOC and foreword, 6 chapters and annex:

@_date: 1997-07-05 03:13:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Risks and Rewards 
Senators Lott, Burns and Ashcroft discussed encryption
policy reform on June 27. The Deschall crack is cited as
a risk posed by Admin-McCain-Kerrey limitations. Ashcroft    I am privileged to serve on the Senate Judiciary Committee    where we will address this issue after the July recess. I    pledge to work with members on that Committee and with    other interested Senators and the leader to try to move a    bill in that committee that will capture the essence of Burns    substitute.
   No nationwide key recovery system, or a new licensing    requirement for certificate authorities should be brought    to the floor without thorough examination, analysis and    understanding. We must further study the impact of these    provisions well before this bill is brought to the Senate floor. For full report:
     (14K)
The Law Society of England and Wales has published a
response to the March DTI risky biz for Trusted Third Parties:
   For the article Robert Hettinga cited by Thomas Vartanian
on the risks offering CA services:
   Recall that Mr. Vartanian provided the NSA paper, "How to Make a Mint, the Cryptography of Electronic Money:"

@_date: 1997-07-05 21:30:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Walsh Report Update 
Electronic Frontiers Australia has now been able to "officially" release the
Walsh Report, after negotiating copyright permissions.
It is now available at:
    There are two versions provided:
  1.  A multiple file version suited to reading online.
  2.  A complete version (267K HTML) suitable for downloading.
These versions have some updates from the original so I suggest you replace
your mirror version with the amended versions we have now released.  The
main changes are:
  1.  The Terms and Abbreviations section has now been marked up.
  2.  Paragraphs deleted from the copy liberated under FOI are now annotated
        with references to the relevant sections of the FOIA.
  3.  Minor typos corrected.
Greg Taylor
EFA Crypto Committee
The July 1 version of the Walsh Report at jya.com has been replaced with the EFA version:
    (270K)
Or a Zip-compressed file:
      (88K)
See related news article:

@_date: 1997-07-06 21:20:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Nat Sec in Your Home 
For worst-suspicions info on defense technology transfer to law enforcement:
   With links to Justice and wide network of high tech
crime fighters fostering civil war for your own good --
and their careers and budgets. Nat Sec coming home
to roost: downsized soldiers, spies and scientists as

@_date: 1997-07-07 05:35:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell 6 
On June 26 the court handling Jim's case extended
the time from June 30 to July 11 for the USA to file an This is from an on-line docket of the case via Public Access to Court Electronic Records (PACER)
a subcription service for federal courts.
No indication that Jim has been released, jailed since his arrest on May 16. No reason given for repeated
waiver of right to a speedy trial.
The docket's at:

@_date: 1997-07-11 09:51:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Hacker cracks ESPN 
Is this the same story as the one in The Wall Street Journal today
about Phiber Optic's "accidentally" sending worldwide a security
test that automatically returns passwords stored on supposedly
secure systems?
Phiber claims he did not know the test would generate a flood of
passwords to his e-mail address: from corps, mils, and govs. Says he's so sorry, especially because he's still doing
community service.
Phiber's employer refused to name the computer corp that installed the
secure system Phiber was testing. However, experts interviewed said the password snarf feature is, ahem, well-known to experts, and that the only security worth trusting is the one you build and run yourself and test frequently and still makes you lay awake at night shivering in doubt fear and uncertainty -- like guilty-parental senators, TLA directors, and all the world's bearers of the public trust and such fundy druggies.

@_date: 1997-07-16 10:06:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Global Banking Docs 
For those who may have missed it, the European Committee for Banking Standards offers its "Secure Banking Over The Internet," March, 1997. An abstract of the 62-page report which also evaluates global electronic security and cryptographic tools:
   This ECBS Technical Report shall provide a survey of current    and planned banking use of the Internet, investigate the
   security requirements for secure banking on the Internet,    provide a survey of the security-related protocols, services    and applications on the Internet, discuss other requirements    for global banking (e.g. banking secrecy, data privacy, export    issues), and provide an outlook on new banking applications and    services such as electronic cash.
It's available in PDF format (241K) at:
   A mirror of the report is at:    Note: Acrobat reader version 3.0 is required; version 2.1 cannot read the report.
The FDIC has published today a request for comment on
its proposed international banking regulations which
combines and consolidates its current three regs:
     (231K)

@_date: 1997-07-20 02:45:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bean IRS for Another $250,000 
Four of the IRS messages on Jim Bell came here (see below), two via cypherpunks at toad.com and two directly. (Oddly, none were forwarded
from cyberpass.net as usual for messages to cypherpunks at toad.com.)
There are four messsage IDs, one of which matches that of Alan Olsen
(Number 2 below at 12:29).
These seem to indicate that the sender was using several lists of
addresses, held 18 hours for vetting by the Treasury mail beagles.
Perhaps others could check their message IDs, inquire around listdom in order to assemble a list of targeted lists. Then a stink might be
made for the spam, get that Denver judge to hit "IRS Inspection" for another $250,000 to pay recipients for IRS's lack of proper public humility, if not for Jim's undue imprisonment, isolation by federal defender, coercion of witnesses, distortion of literature, and railroading Jim Bell to warn outlaws to not fuck with Sam's Gang and Roy Bean.
Note: Jim's Roy Bean docket shows that USA v. Bell was assigned to
Judge Franklin D. Burgess on July 9, with new case number 97-CR-5270. The US Attorney filed "Felony Information" on that date. That's the final entry, no listing for the alleged plea bargain.

@_date: 1997-07-20 04:29:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Something of Interest 
JM provided IRS Inpsector message Number 5, which is earlier
than the four I posted a while ago:
   Return-Path:    Date: Thu, 17 Jul 1997 12:25:26 -0400
   From: IRS Inspection    Message-Id: <199707171625.MAA02707 at net.insp.irs.gov>
Starting with these 5 we'll put the full message headers we get at:
   And post here the brief version.
JM also provided Treasury's mail echangers:

@_date: 1997-07-20 05:56:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Docket 2 
We've put the latest court docket for Jim Bell at:
   As noted earlier, it shows that the case has been assigned
to a new judge and the last entry is dated July 9 for filing
"felony information" by the US Attorney. No listing of the alleged plea bargain.

@_date: 1997-07-21 06:41:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IRS Spam 
Here's the latest tally of IRS Inspection spam headers with
the number of recipients in parentheses: 6 directly, 4 via
3 lists so far.
IRS MESSAGE 1 -- Message-Id: <199707171625.MAA02707 at net.insp.irs.gov>
(1)              Date: Thu, 17 Jul 1997 12:25:26 -0400
IRS MESSAGE 2 -- Message-Id: <199707171628.MAA02724 at net.insp.irs.gov>
(1)              Date: Thu, 17 Jul 1997 12:28:11 -0400
IRS MESSAGE 3 -- Message-Id: <199707171629.MAA02733 at net.insp.irs.gov>
(2)              Date: Thu, 17 Jul 1997 12:29:08 -0400
IRS MESSAGE 4 -- Message-Id: <199707171630.MAA02739 at net.insp.irs.gov>
(3)              Date: Thu, 17 Jul 1997 12:30:03 -0400
IRS MESSAGE 5 -- Message-Id: <199707171631.MAA02749 at net.insp.irs.gov>
(1)              Date: Thu, 17 Jul 1997 12:31:08 -0400
IRS MESSAGE 6 -- Message-Id: <199707171633.MAA02778 at net.insp.irs.gov>
(2)              Date: Thu, 17 Jul 1997 12:33:43 -0400
Note that the date/time within the Id is four hours later than those
of the message, probably due to send box settings. Also, the first hop of all messages to Treasury's initial mail gate occurs 18h:17m - 18h:18m after the date/time of the message (see full headers).
Full headers at:
   The $.25m spam at:

@_date: 1997-07-23 19:24:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DEATH TO TYRANTS 
The six other headers received or forwarded here have the same subject: "Something of Interest."
Further, Tim's message is so far the earliest of the batch: 12:18 compared to the next at 12:25 which went to a mail list based in Norway. Others followed at about 1 minute intervals, the last at 12:33.
See the full headers at:
   BTW, Declan, did you not once write that IRS offices are down the corridor
from yours? If so, would you care to ask the thieves their opinion of the spam,
especially if they are the authors, sneaking into your box and lifting lists
while you're sipping and baseballing with the brokers?
Cite me as inquring an CU-FU, if you prefer to keep reportorial distance. Write
up spam story, do, providing that you're up to snuff paying Crispin-bandit

@_date: 1997-07-23 20:02:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Docket 3 
We've updated Jim Bell's court docket to show July 18 entries for
the plea agreement:
   It lists a waiver of indictment, a plea agreement "filed under seal"
and a hearing for sentencing set for October 17.
Jim's remanded to jail until then, making a total of five months of time
served since arrest.
Consider that everyone in the case is supported by the tax-extortion Jim
was fighting. The Federal/Community Defender program is bribed at
$308,000,000 for FY 1998.
Keep up this self-serving banditry, you millions of members of Crispin's extortion-by-law-mil/gov big-gun-show world, and reap what you sow.

@_date: 1997-07-24 07:58:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DEATH TO THE TYRANTS 
The six other headers received or forwarded here have the same subject: "Something of Interest."
Further, Tim's message is so far the earliest of the batch: 12:18 compared to the next at 12:25 which went to a mail list based in Norway. Others followed at about 1 minute intervals, the last at 12:33.
See the full headers at:
   BTW, Declan, did you not once write that IRS offices are down the corridor
from yours? If so, would you care to ask the thieves their opinion of the spam,
especially if they are the authors, sneaking into your box and lifting lists
while you're sipping and baseballing with the brokers?
Cite me as inquring an CU-FU, if you prefer to keep reportorial distance. Write
up spam story, do, providing that you're up to snuff paying Crispin-bandit This is a resend of a message sent at 06:53 AM this morning, which
did not make it through, at least not to me.

@_date: 1997-07-25 19:26:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Reap and Sow 
The Congressional Record reprinted July 23 "Anti-Government,
Anti-Social Attitudes," a news column which examines the
increasing discontent caused by governmental programs. It
describes the increasing psychopathology by those who have suffered economic harm due to shifts in the nation's and international resources and the appeal of anti-government and
anti-social acts in response to failure to meet obligations to the citizenry. Not a few think OKC bombing is the the way to fight government-sponsored terrorism against civilians.
  Couple that with reports on DoD's efforts to combat terrorism against its troops abroad, more funding of counterterrorism
and more sharing of "dual-use" weaponry with jittery, trigger-
itchy law enforcement and IRS infohighway bandits around the globe. Boil the frogs.
Says the snarling marshal (OSFOR trooper), just back from stress counseling and a beer, to the neighbor (rapee) kicking and screaming: It's dog eat dog, in the battle to keep our family fed, so sorry, but we gotta enforce order and the law (our exculpatory Bible), burp, tell it to the judge (the President), my therapist (godfather).
Meanwhile have a pleasant remand while the court's on vacation.

@_date: 1997-07-27 00:21:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: HIR_hear  Crypto Hearing Transcript 
Thanks to Declan we've digitized the declassified 64-page transcript of the House International Relations Committee closed
hearing on the SAFE bill, dated July 21, 1997, at which
FBI's Freeh, NSA's Crowell and BXA's Reinsch made statements on crypto policy, described the administration's dreams for worldwide GAK and noddled about how to shame unpatriotic industries -- Microsoft is cited as a prime disobedient, while Netscape, Reinsch smarms, has joined up. This is Rep. Gilman's committee, and the discussion aptly outlines the grounds for his "first amendment" to SAFE recently
posted here.
Our Web site is kaput this morning so for now we can only offer the 99K file by e-mail, HTML formatted.
If you want a copy send us e-mail with the subject: HIR_hear
We'll include a parallel 18 July letter to Members of Congress
on the same topic from AG Reno and seven top federal law enforcers, also provided by Well-connected Declan.
If your mail can't handle a 99K file, someday, maybe this weekend,
the two docs will be on our site at, respectively:
      Coda: Gilman represents, if you didn't know, my rathole
of the U.S. financial market. The transcript shows that he loved the G-men, wink-winked at them throughout the hearing, eyeing the propects for helpful legislation.
Reinsch brags that BXA and the banks are preparing an onslaught on the undisciplined world market, working with world leaders, as ever, caching real-time gold for select wise marketers, bribing with gov-biz deals across the political spectrum. Sez all the industry holdouts on GAK will come around when they see the Big Corps caving. Reinsch asserted that Microsoft is power behind Goodlatte's bill. Goodlatte didn't deny, just said MS is one of a horde. Hmm.

@_date: 1997-07-27 03:07:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: URL for Crypto Hearing Transcript 
We've put the dox at:
     (97K hearing transcript)
     (11K Reno letter)

@_date: 1997-07-27 23:20:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cerf: Building a Barrier-Free Net 
The New York Times, July 27, 1997, Money & Business, p. 12.
   Viewpoint
   Building an Internet Free of Barriers
   Vinton G. Cerf
      Vinton G. Cerf is senior vice president for Internet
      architecture and engineering at MCI Communications. He
      is a co-inventor of the computer networking protocol
      TCP/IP, which has become the language for Internet
      communications.
   When the subject is global networks like the Internet, the
   magic word is "seamlessness." Seamless global
   communications represents the technological promised land
   of major network providers like mine. For the consumer,
   seamlessness means unimpeded, smooth, clear communications
   among all points within a network and among all networks.
   To the extent that it has developed, seamlessness has been
   the sine qua non, the essential element, behind the
   fast-growing Internet. It is the essence of the links of
   the World Wide Web. The Internet, after all, is not a
   network, or even a medium, in the traditional sense, but a
   network of nearly 200,000 networks and a medium of media,
   encompassing all the long-established ones while creating
   entirely new types. The more seamless we make the Internet
   and, for that matter, the global information
   infrastructure, the quicker we will harness the immense
   potential.
   Although high hurdles of technology and infrastructure
   stare us in the face, obstacles of the political and public
   policy variety are equally daunting. Many policy makers
   fail to grasp that the very seamlessness already found on
   the Internet, coupled with its basic digital nature, makes
   it almost impossible to monitor or regulate its flow of
   information in a hierarchical way. Notwithstanding the
   efforts of certain countries, Big Brother would have real
   problems doing his dirty work on the Internet. Still,
   well-meaning policy makers try to extend longstanding
   social goals to the Internet through heavy-handed,
   market-distorting mandates when industry-led strategies
   could be more effective.
   Of greatest concern to the Internet industry today are the
   many legal quagmires and incoherent policy patchworks that
   hinder Internet commerce. Achieving full seamlessness of
   Internet networks will be impossible if the networks'
   builders must maneuver through inconsistent laws and
   policies. Not only are the policies of many nations in
   conflict, but so are policies within nations -- and to such
   an extreme that some seem mutually exclusive.
   A good example is encryption policy. Encryption technology
   scrambles digital communications to make them
   indecipherable to anyone except the intended receiver. The
   users range from businesses that transmit confidential data
   to individuals who send personal E-mail messages.
   Widespread availability of encryption is a prerequisite for
   enhancing security and privacy on the Internet, for
   engendering a mature electronic marketplace and even for
   helping the work of law enforcement.
   Yet governments resist removing old restrictions on the
   export and use of encryption technology -- rules that date
   from the cold war -- even as they proclaim pro-market
   intentions and stress greater Internet privacy and security
   as priorities.
   Fortunately, growing numbers of key policy makers in the
   advanced democracies are showing a clearer, more
   technologically sophisticated understanding of the
   Internet. They grasp that while government financed the
   start of the Internet, the absence of government has
   largely allowed it to take off like a rocket.
   Within this group are members of Congress like Senators
   Conrad Burns, Republican of Montana, and Patrick Leahy,
   Democrat of Vermont, and Representative Bob Goodlatte,
   Republican of Virginia, who are pushing to liberalize
   encryption export controls.
   Another is Ira C. Magaziner, the White House adviser who
   oversaw the development of a major Administration policy
   paper, released earlier this month, on electronic commerce.
   The paper, which advocated a largely hands-off approach by
   Government to Internet regulation, is a breakthrough in
   electronic commerce policy. Its perspective is properly
   global; its delineated goals, highly commendable.
   Particularly laudable is its proposal to designate the
   Internet as a tariff-free zone.
   The Internet is now perhaps the most global and democratic
   form of communications. No other medium can so easily
   render outdated our traditional distinctions among
   localities, regions and nations. While the Internet
   increasingly knows no boundaries, it still knows barriers
   all too well -- obstacles that are too often born of
   technological ignorance leading to incoherent public
   policy.
   The world cannot afford policies that impede the
   development of the Internet, diminish its utility and limit
   its social reach. And much more could be at stake than
   seamless digital networks. We may find that the more we
   succeed in removing barriers to Internet communications,
   the more we may help reduce those other, far more important
   obstructions to human communications -- the ones that
   divide nations and estrange demographic groups.
   That, ultimately, could be the most far-reaching, enduring
   benefit of an unfettered global Internet.
   -----
   Readers may submit opinion articles to Viewpoint and
   articles on personal experiences to From the Desk Of, Money
   and Business, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New
   York 10036, or send E-mail in care of viewpts at nytimes.com
   or fromdesk at nytimes.com. All submissions become the
   property of The Times. They may be edited and may be
   republished in any medium. If manuscripts are accepted for
   publication, authors will be notified within too weeks.
   [End]

@_date: 1997-07-28 00:52:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: LEO Sly Bug Buy, Bye Spy Shop 
As follow-up to an earlier thread, and Tim's post on LEOs, them
and us, this excerpt from House Report 105-162:
                Background and Need for the Legislation
    Section 2512 of title 18, United States Code, prohibits the
advertisement of any electronic, mechanical or other device,
``primarily useful for the purpose of surreptitious
interception of wire, oral or electronic communications.'' This
section was drafted with the intention of ``significantly
curtailing the supply of devices * * * whose principal use is
likely to be for wiretapping or eavesdropping.'' \1\ The
Committee report listed several examples of devices which would
fall under this prohibition, including microphones designed as
wristwatches, cuff links, tie clips, fountain pens or cigarette

@_date: 1997-07-30 17:29:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Escrow conference in Brussels 
CONFERENCE ANNOUNCEMENT
                     CRYPTOGRAPHY AND THE INTERNET
                 Developing Privacy and Security Policy
                  for the European Information Society
                            Organised by
                       PRIVACY INTERNATIONAL
                      Cooperating Organisations
                  Communications Week International
                Electronic Privacy Information Center
                   Global Internet Liberty Campaign
                               MICROBE
                              Terra Nova
                      Monday, 15 September 1997
                 Belliard Building, European Parliament
                           Brussels, Belgium
As Europe creates the Information Society,  ensuring the security and
privacy of its advanced telecommunications and computer networks has
become critically important. Cryptography is a crucial technology to
protect these networks. Law enforcement and intelligence agencies, led by
the the United States, are lobbying national governments and
international organizations for laws and international agreements to
enhance their abilities to monitor  networks through the use of "trusted
third parties," key escrow and key recovery systems. This has met with
considerable debate and resistance in many countries and international
This conference will bring together leading legal and technical experts
security with a focus on issues raised by trusted third party, key escrow
and key recovery systems. A panel of leading cryptographers and computer
security experts will examine the technical problems and risks raised.
Representatives from governments, human rights groups, industry, user
groups, and international organizations will discuss their perspectives
and provide updates on developments from around Europe and the world.
Keynote Speaker: Commissioner Mario Monti, European Union (invited)
       Confirmed Speakers
    Dr. Ross Anderson, University of Cambridge, UK
    David Banisar, Electronic Privacy Information Center, USA
    Dr. Matt Blaze, AT&T Labs, USA
    Tony Bunyan, Statewatch, UK
    Carl Ellison, CyberCash
    Simon Davies, London School of Economics & Privacy International
    Deborah Hurley, Terra Nova
    Dr. Erik Huizer, Internet Architecture Board & SURFNet, NL
    Wayne Madsen, Global Internet Liberty Campaign
    Hiroko Kamata, Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development
    Marc Rotenberg, Electronic Privacy Information Center, USA
    Bruce Schneier, Counterpane Systems and Author, Applied Cryptography
    Christine Sottong-Micas, DG 15, European Commission
    Dr. Ulrich Sandl, Ministry of Economic Affairs, Germany
    Prof. Alex Verrijn-Stuart, Chair, Legal & Security Issues Network,
      Council of European Professiona Informatics Societies (CEPIS) &
      Leiden University, NL
    Dr. Steven Wright, Omega Foundation, UK

@_date: 1997-07-31 11:12:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NRO: Risky Methods of Data Exploitation 
Wonder what's meant by "risky methods" NRO envisions in the article below by:
     "Using advanced and potentially technologically risky
     methods of exploiting data to learn more from it."
     30 July 1997, Jane's Defence Weekly
     NRO opens up to new satellite system ideas      For the first time in its history, the once super-secret      National Reconnaissance Office (NRO) is considering whether
     commercial space technology can satisfy its `customer'
     requirements for reconnaissance data needed by the DoD and
     the intelligence community.      In existence for over 30 years, the NRO is coming in from
     the cold for one clear reason: acquisition and operation of US
     reconnaissance satellites continues to account for most of the
     $28 billion in annual spending by the US intelligence
     community. Congress wants to find ways to trim the bill by
     encouraging the NRO to adopt commercial technology and
     move towards launching smaller, less expensive satellites.      The question of whether the NRO should continue to exist
     was an open debate last year. A panel chaired by Adm David
     Jeremiah, former vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff,
     concluded that the unique partnership between the Director of
     Central Intelligence and the Defense Secretary to build,
     operate and manage space-based intelligence systems should
     continue in the form of the NRO.      "There are important inter-relationships between the NRO and
     DoD space activities in areas such as launch technology,
     industrial base and communications, and the NRO needs to
     use DoD systems such as the Global Positioning System as
     well as the DoD needs to use products from NRO systems,"
     the report said. However the panel also emphasised that all of
     the relationships between the NRO and the Pentagon need
     clarification.      NRO Director Keith Hall is driving much of the process at the
     agency towards opening the door to commercial technology
     and improving the agency. "I do not think that a customer
     that needs a picture to answer a key question to make an
     operational decision cares whether that picture comes from
     one of my satellites, an airplane or a commercial sensor
     system," he said. "If that means a commercial system can
     provide some of that, I am entirely for it."      A major vehicle for operational change at the NRO is the
     Future Imagery Architecture (FIA) programme aimed at
     fielding a next-generation space-based imagery intelligence
     (IMINT) system. "We have said to our FIA vendors that they
     are free to propose to us a mixed architecture of government
     systems and commercial systems," said Hall, noting that such
     a notion is indeed a first for the agency. "We have not
     heretofore been involved at all in the acquisition of
     commercial imagery."      The FIA may set a precedent for future reconnaissance
     acquisition. In mid-1996, the NRO and the old Central
     Imagery Office, now part of the NIMA, concluded an initial
     `Phase A' of an architecture study which detailed the
     attributes of a future imagery system most wanted by NRO
     customers. It resulted in the identification of more than 20
     varying performance levels.      The NRO began what it calls the `Phase B' concept
     programme in May last year. It is working with six
     contractor teams and the NIMA to determine "what utility
     would those differences in performance have," said Hall, who
     became director in March.      The NRO expects to publish a final `Phase C' solicitation to
     industry with detailed performance specifications by early
     next year. Hall said that the solicitation will have "objective
     requirements and the relative value the government places on
     them".      Contractors will not be told precisely how to meet those
     requirements but only the performance objectives. `Phase C'
     will be separated into a satellite segment and an integration
     and ground segment. "We have some vendors that are bidding
     on all segments so theoretically a single contractor could win
     it all," said Hall. A final contract award is expected late next
     year with the first satellite system due to be flying early in the
     next decade.      Hall also said that smaller satellites will be considered in the
     FIA as well as other constellations. Although they present
     some technical challenges, constellations of smaller satellites
     mean that more satellites will be on orbit, leading to more
     frequent `revisits' over targets and less overall system
     degradation if one satellite fails.      The FIA programme has already led to some innovation. The
     small Surveillance, Targeting and Reconnaissance Satellite
     (Starlite) being proposed by the Defense Advanced Research
     Projects Agency (DARPA) for tactical reconnaissance could
     be considered as a future imagery architecture option.
     However, it appears more likely it will become a technology
     demonstration.      DARPA's proposal underscores the dilemma of how to draw
     a distinction between reconnaissance - an NRO mission - and
     surveillance, which traditionally has been done by the US Air
     Force in monitoring weather and missile launches for
     example. "We will do more joint programmes with multiple
     sensors," predicted Maj Gen Robert Dickman, the DoD space
     architect.      As the NRO and DoD grow closer, Hall believes it is
     important to acknowledge that commercial systems can only
     go so far in meeting the precise resolution and product
     delivery requirements needed by the IC.      Aside from fielding the FIA, Hall has set a number of other
     objectives for the agency, including increasing funding for
     research and development by re- allocating existing funds. His
     five mission objectives in research and development are:      - Developing new sources and methods, such as collection
     and processing of information against hard targets;      - Orders of magnitude improvements in efficiency and
     effectiveness of NRO systems;      - Using advanced and potentially technologically risky
     methods of exploiting data to learn more from it;      - Using space-based solutions to address "intractable"
     intelligence problems such as monitoring chemical and
     biological warfare facilities;      - Improving "space services" by assisting the US Defense
     Department with its space mission when possible.      -----

@_date: 1997-07-31 19:49:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: House Report on SAFE 
House Report 105-108, Part 2, July 25, 1997, reports on the recent House International Relations Committee action on Goodlatte's SAFE crypto bill, and includes analysis, supporting and dissenting views, and a few letters sent to the committee:
     (87K)
As before offered, see HR 105-108, Part 1, published at the end of
     (94K)
Note: that's JYX.COM, (same as 108240.primehost.com) our temp site to fill in for remanded JYA which  is to be unJimmed soon, isn't it, your honor, what stink you screeching about, that's
just rotting pork.

@_date: 1997-07-31 21:15:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: URL for HR105-108, Part 1 
Mistype on the URL for SAFE Report Part 1.
As before offered, see HR 105-108, Part 1, published at the end of

@_date: 1997-07-31 21:40:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: House Report on SAFE 
No, nothing's been done like that to my site that I'm aware of. My remarks are meant to keep Jim Bell's undue incarceration alive.
Maybe a little whistling in the dark.
It's a bitch to be isolated and targeted like Jim has been, which is the oft-spammed point terrorists make with political hostages unable or unwilling to toe tithe.

@_date: 1997-06-02 23:26:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: May-Rotenberg Are Not the Uber Enemy 
To escalate the May-Rotenberg debate by reminding that there are deadly enemies to be exposed and fought together rather
than apart:
Fourteen Ways of Looking at a Blackshirt
Umberto Eco, New York Review of Books, excerpted with permission in the Utne Reader, Nov./Dec. 1995, no. 72, pps. 57-59
In spite of some fuzziness regarding the difference between various historical forms of fascism, I think it is possible to outline a list of features that are typical of what I wold like to call Ur-Fascism, or eternal Fascism. These features cannot be organized into a system; many of them contradict each other, and are also typical of other kinds of despotism or fanaticism. But it is enough that one of them be present to allow fascism to coagulate around it.
The first feature of Ur-Fascism is the *cult of tradition*. Traditionalism is of course much older than fascism. Not only was it typical of counterrevolutionary Catholic thought after the French revolution, but it was born in the late Hellenistic era, as a reaction to classical Greek rationalism. In the Mediterranean basin, people of different religions (most of the faiths indulgently accepted by the Roman pantheon) started dreaming of a reelation received at the dawn of human history. This reelation, according to the traditionalist mystique, had remained for a long time concealed under the veil of forgotten languages -- in Egyptian hieroglyphs, in the Celtic runes, in the scrolls of the little-known religions of Asia.
This new culture had to be *syncretistic*. Syncreticism is not only , as the dictionary says, "the combination of different forms of belief or practice"; such a combination must tolerate contradictions. Each of the original messages contains a sliver of wisdom, and although they seem to say different or incompatible things, they all are nevertheless alluding, allegorically, to the same primeval truth.
As a consequence, there can be no advancement of learning. Truth already has been spelled out once and for all, and we can only keep interpreting its obscure message.
If you browse in the shelves that, in American bookstores, are labeled New Age, you can find there even Saint Augustine, who, as far as I know, was not a fascist. But combining Saint Augustine and Stonehenge -- that is a symptom of Ur-Fascism.
Traditionalism implies the *rejection of modernism*. Both Fascist and Nazis worshiped technology, while traditionalist thinkers usually reject it as a negation of traditional spiritual values. However, even though Nazism was proud of its industrial achievements, its praise of modernism was only the surface of an ideology based upon blood and earth (*Blut und Boden*). The rejection of the modern world was disguised as a rebuttal of the capitalistic way of life. The Enlightenment, the Age of Reason, is seen as the beginning of modern depravity. In this sense Ur-Fascism can be defined as *irrationalism*.
3. Irrationalism also depends on the cult of *action for action's sake*. Action being beautiful in itself, it must be taken before, or without, reflection. Thinking is a form of emasculation. Therefore culture is suspect insofar as it is identified with critical attitudes. Distrust of the intellectual world has always been a symptom of Ur_Fascism, from Hermann Goering's fondness for a phrase from a Hanns Johst play ("When I hear the word 'culture' I reach for my gun") to the frequent use of such expressions as "degenerate intellectuals," "eggheads," "effete snobs," and "universities are nests of reds."  The official Fascist intellectuals were mainly engaged in attacking modern culture and the liberal intelligensia for having betrayed traditional values.
4. The critical spirit makes distinctions, and to distinguish is a sign of modernism. In modern culture the scientific community praises disagreement as a way to improve knowledge. for Ur-Fascism, *disagreement is treason*. Besides, disagreement is a sign of diversity. Ur-Fascism grows up and seeks consensus by exploiting and exacerbating the natural *fear of difference*. The first appeal of a fascist or prematurely fascist movement is an appeal against the intruders. Thus Ur-Fascism is racist by definition.
Ur-Fascism derives from individual or social frustration. that is why one of the most typical features of this historical fascism was the *appeal to a frustrated middle class*, a class suffering from an economic crisis or feelings of political humiliation, and frightened by the pressure of lower social groups. In our time, when the old "proletarians" are becoming petty bourgeois (and the lumpen are largely excluded from the political scene), the fascism of tomorrow will find its audience in this new majority.
7. To people who feel deprived of a clear social identity, Ur-Fascism says that their only privilege is the most common one, to be born in the same country. This is the origin of nationalism. Besides, the only ones who can provide an identity to the nation are its enemies. Thus at the root of the Ur_fascist psychology there is the *obsession with a plot*, possibly an international one. The followers must feel besieged. The easiest way to solve the plot is to appeal to xenophobia. But the plot must come from he inside. Jews are usually the best target because they have the advantage of being at the same time inside and outside. In the United States, a prominent instance of the plot obsession is to be found in Pat Robertson's *The New World Order*, but, as we have recently seen, there are many others.
The followers must feel *humiliated by the ostentatious wealth and force of their enemies*. When I was a boy I was taught to think of Englishmen as the five-meal people. They ate more frequently than the poor but sober Italians. Jews are rich and help each other through a secret web of mutual assistance. However, the followers of Ur_Fascism must also be convinced that they can overwhelm the enemies. Thus, by a continuous shifting of rhetorical focus, the enemies are at the same time too strong and too weak. Fascist governments are condemned to lose wars because they are constitutionally incapable of objectively evaluating the force of the enemy.
For Ur-Fascism there is no struggle for life but, rather, life is lived for struggle. Thus *pacifism is trafficking with the enemy*. This is bad because *life is permanent warfare*. This, however, brings about an Armageddon complex. Since enemies have to be defeated, there must be a final battle, after which the movement will have control of the world. But such a "final solution" implies a further era of peace, a Golden Age, which contradicts the principle of permanent war. No fascist leader has ever succeeded in solving this predicament.
Elitism is a typical aspect of any reactionary ideology, insofar as it is fundamentally aristocratic, and aristocratic and militaristic elitism cruelly implies *contempt for the weak*. Ur-Fascism can only advocate a popular elitism. Every citizen belongs to the best people of the world, the member of the party are the best among the citizens, every citizen can (or ought to) become a member of the party. But there cannot be patricians without plebeians. In fact, the Leader, knowing that his power was not delegated to him democratically but was conquered by force, also knows that his force is based upon the weakness of the masses; they are so weak as to need and deserve a In such a perspective *everybody is educated to become a hero*. In every mythology the hero is an exceptional being, but in Ur-Fascist ideology heroism is the norm. This cult of heroism is strictly linked with the cult of death. It is not by chance that a motto of the Spanish Falangist was *Viva la Muerte* ("Long Live Death!"). In nonfascist societies, the lay public is told that death is unpleasant but must be faced with dignity; believers are told that it is the painful way to reach a supernatural happiness. By contrast, the Ur-Fascist hero craves heroic death, advertised as the best reward for a heroic life. The Ur-Fascist hero is impatient to die. In his impatience, he more frequently sends other people to death.
Since both permanent war and heroism are difficult games to play, *the Ur-Fascist transfers his will to power to sexual matters*. This is the origin of machismo (which implies both disdain for women and intolerance and condemnation of nonstandard sexual habits, from chastity to homosexuality). Since even sex is a difficult game to play, the Ur_Fascist hero tends to play with the weapons -- doing so becomes an ersatz phallic exercise.
Ur-Fascism is based upon a *selective populism*, a qualitative populism, one might say.  In a democracy, the citizens have individual rights, but the citizens in their entirety have a political impact only from a quantitative point of view -- one follows the decisions of the majority.  For Ur-Fascism, however, the individuals as individuals have no rights, and the People is conceived as a quality, a monolithic entity expressing the Common will. Since no large quantity of human beings can have a common will, the Leader pretends to be their interpreter. Having lost their power of delegation, citizens do not act; they are only called on to play the role of the People. Thus the People is only a theatrical fiction. there is in our future a TV or Internet populism, in which the emotional responses of a selected group of citizens can be presented and accepted as the Voice of the Because of its qualitative populism, Ur-Fascism must be *against "rotten" parliamentary governments*.  Wherever a politician casts doubt on the legitimacy of a parliament because it no longer represents the Voice of the People, we can smell Ur-Fascism.
*Ur-Fascism speaks Newspeak*. Newspeak was invented by Orwell, in _1984_, as the official language of what he called Insoc, English Socialism. But elements of Ur-Fascism are common to different forms of dictatorship. All the Nazi or Fascist schoolbooks made use of an impoverished vocabulary, and an elementary syntax, in order to limit the instruments for complex and critical reasoning. But we must be ready to identify other kinds of Newspeak, even if they take the apparently innocent form of a popular talk show.
Ur-Fascism is still around us, sometimes in plainclothes. It would be so much easier for us if there appeared on the world scene somebody saying, "I want to reopen Auschwitz, I want the blackshirts to parade again in the Italian squares." Life is not that simple. Ur-Fascism can come back under the most innocent of disguises. Our duty is to uncover it and to point our finger at any of its new instances -- ever day, in every part of the world. Franklin Roosevelt's words on November 4, 1938, are worth recalling: "If American democracy ceases to move forward as a living force, seeking day and night by peaceful means to better the lot of our citizens, facism will grow in strength in our land." Freedom and liberation are an unending task.

@_date: 1997-06-03 10:58:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: From Inter@ctive Week: Denning no longer backing key escrow? 
Professor Denning has an evolving statement of her position on encryption policy, the latest dated May 26, 1997:
"I do not advocate domestic regulations mandating key recovery. Neither do I advocate that cryptography necessarily be free of all regulation, including export controls. I constantly
struggle with the issues and do not see easy answers." "I support the program of the Clinton Administration to liberalize export controls for key recovery products, to adopt key recovery within federal agencies, and to promote the
voluntary use of key recovery technologies. I believe that key recovery can be done without compromising privacy and security, but acknowledge that there are also costs and risks associated with key recovery."

@_date: 1997-06-03 11:07:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell 4 
I spoke briefly this afternoon with Kelly Miller, the
clerk of the district court handling Jim's case, and
Peter Avenia, the federal defender appointed to
represent him. Not much news and no new documents have been Jim is still in jail and will remain until the grand jury
indicts or not -- within 30 days, I believe.
According to Avenia, the Magistrate Arnold decided to hold Jim at a detention hearing a week ago Friday. That  the magistrate chose to do so after hearing the complaining agent's allegations of Jim's danger to the public and even though a pre-trial services
report favored Jim's release. Avenia's offer to carefully monitor Jim if he was released was declined.
Avenia would not disclose much beyond explaining
federal procedures, citing client confidentiality. However, he said that during the hearing emphasis was given to AP in assessing Jim's threat to the public.
Miller and Avenia were cordial. Here're telephone
Kelly Miller: 1-253-593-6754
Peter Avenia: 1-253-593-6710

@_date: 1997-06-05 02:55:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: G-10 on Electronic Money 
We offer the April 1997 report of the G-10 countries*
"Electronic Money."
     (121K)
This is a survey of the electronic payments systems
of the ten countries, and the status and prospects in each for policy, law enforcement, privacy and related The report is by a Working Party set up after the Lyon conference in June 1996 to examine three policy areas:
   (1) consumer issues;    (2) law enforcement issues; and    (3) supervisory issues It was presented at a G-10 conference in DC on April 28 and publically released in the US on May 7 by the Treasury
* Belgium, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan,
Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom
and the United States.

@_date: 1997-06-05 06:12:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The New War 
"The New War" is Senator John Kerry's (Dem, MA)
new book which examines global enemies of law and order. He cites the use of high-tech weapons,
off-shore banks, and the Internet, featuring encryption, by rogue nations and organized criminals who are hiring the best and brightest lawyers, programmers,
cryptographers and ex-spooks who once looked to
the USG for secure careers, and who also pay top dollar
for premium products and skills once affordable only by the military.
He wonders how governments can compete with these
new cash-flush criminals. The answer: new laws and
new global arrangements.
His view on global crypto is almost identical to that of
Senator Kerrey (Dem, KA), Professor Denning and others who appear to be working in concert with the administration
to advance global GAK, while admitting that some harm
to privacy may be necessary. All nations must act in
concert, Kerry says, to prevent the spread of dangerous
For a similar view, see Denning's synopsis of a paper on criminal use of encryption and developing technology to be published shortly:
   We've also heard from BXA that new regulations for the
Commerce Control List and EAR to bring them into accord
with the Wassenaar Arrangement will be out in "a month or
two." This will probably be coordinated with the issuance of
similar regulations by the 33 signators of the regime.
It might portend the imposition of a global GAK regime that Kerry, et al, suggest is a primary weapon in The New War.

@_date: 1997-06-05 22:26:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IRS Hit 
5 June 1997, NYP:
A federal judge in Denver has awarded $250,000 in punitive damages to a woman whose family business was raided by armed Internal Revenue Service agents four weeks after the woman insulted an IRS agent.
The revenue agents padlocked all three Kids Avenue clothing   stores in Colorado Springs, and posted notices that some customers interpreted as evidence that the woman, Carole Ward, 49, was a drug smuggler.
In a harshly worded 17-page opinion, Judge William Downes of the U.S. District Court in Denver found that one of the IRS agents, James Dolan, was "grossly negligent" and acted with "reckless disregard" for the law, and that he made three false statements in a sworn declaration.
The judge, who said the actions by the IRS agents violated Ms. Ward's privacy rights, wrote that the punitive damages award "gives notice to the IRS that reprehensible abuse of authority by one of its employees cannot and will not be Full story at:

@_date: 1997-06-06 01:18:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Body Bunker Usage 
We offer excerpts from the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center "Catalog of Training Programs FY 1997-98":
Financial Fraud Institute
The FFI takes the proactive role of arming the student with specialty skills and techniques to develop solid prosecutable cases in a range of crimes. Included are crimes involving government contracts, procurement fraud, illegal tax shelters, complex financial transactions supporting terrorism and criminal
conspiracies, asset removal/seizures, money laundering activities involving drug smuggling organizations and other illegal enterprises, insurance frauds, electronic funds transfer fraud, and employee embezzlement. Also addressed in training are technical crimes involving computers and networks such as
unauthorized access to government data systems and complex fraud cases using or involving computer systems.
Training programs:
   Computer Evidence Analysis
   Criminal Investigations in an Automated Environment
   Financial Crimes Investigations
   Financial Forensics Techniques
   International Banking and Money Laundering
   International Financial Fraud
   Microcomputers for Investigators
   Money Laundering and Asset Forfeiture
   Seized Computer and Evidence Recovery Specialist
   Telecommunications Fraud
   White Collar Crime
   Windows Applications for Investigations
     (34K)
Security Specialties Division
The design, development, and conduct of courses relating to antiterrorism, physical security, and officer safety and survival is the prime mission of the Security Specialties Division (SSD). Courses include; Bombs and Explosives, Personal Protection, First Response, Handling Sensitive/
Classified Information, Criminal Information/Intelligence, Officer Safety and Survival, Physical Security, Surviving Hostage Situations, and Weapons/Explosive Detection.      Training programs:
   Advanced Physical Security
   Antiterrorism Contingency Planning
   Antiterrorism Management
   Criminal Intelligence Analyst
   Crisis Management
   First Response
   Officer Safety and Survival
   Physical Security Managers
   Protective Security Operations
   Seaport Security/Antiterrorism
     (22K)
The former addresses, among others, "encryption/decryption,
disguised data, data hidden by programming techniques,
hackers and phreakers."
The latter addresses, among others, "left-wing terrorism, right-wing terrorism, animal rights and environmental extremists, assassinations and body bunker usage."

@_date: 1997-06-06 20:47:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on German Net Police 
The New York Times reports on page one the German
prosecution of a woman who linked her home page to Radikal. It reviews XS4ALL's role, describes Radikal
and its mirror sites and links to them all:
   It says that Kohl is determined to find a way to police the
Net in spite of technical work-a-rounds.
Recall a previous report that Kohl and other heads of state are to meet in Denver on June 20-22 to plan a global attack
on "cyber-terrorism," including the spread of encryption:

@_date: 1997-06-06 23:56:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Privacy-loving Europeans are at it again 
Indeed, the same. The same as those righteous pastors who nudged us youngsters to sow oats across the Rio Grande
to protect the virtue of innocents who were delighted to sneak
away to join us and the mestizos in the dry creek bed just outside town.
The same as the generals and pols who now hector and
lecture us to deny their seignorial infidelities and cover-ups.
Heads of state, leaders of armies, defenders of law, hah!
Best show in years, watching these pigfesters finger each other while seen-it-all Virtue and Justice laugh and crook up the next quaverer ashaking.

@_date: 1997-06-07 00:39:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on German Net Police 
Excellent suggestion, Agent Provocateur (AP) Bob.
There is surely a PR connection between the McVeigh trial and the
cyber-terrorism summit. That promo's crucial for the counterterrorism
Now, what would be the cyber-version of street theater?
For examp, the security arrangements for the trial will be broadened, and artfully leaked to the Denver-ensconced and equipped media, to promote and protect the priceless Derrieres of State.
But what might cyber-terribles do to work-a-round the highly
classified meat protections?
Confidential commo is crucial to yarping pols and talking heads, uplinks and unedited feeds are going to be zapping 'round the globe. What liberating theatrics could be exhibited spoofing, cracking, hacking, phreaking these urgent communiques to
ardent tax-henchers and sofa-ensconced tubers. Denver's Judge Downes sent a missive in plaintext to IRS, a spit in the bucket another Bob said. What about a bigger oyster
hawk at the lens and mikes of the leaders of the free worlds?
Do nothing illegal, for sure, just civilly disobedient.
(We'll put Downes's 17-age ruling up in a while.)

@_date: 1997-06-07 09:32:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Germany to Surveil CoS 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE
                        DAILY PRESS BRIEFING INDEX
                            Friday, June 6, 1997
                           Briefer:  Nicholas Burns
QUESTION:  What is the State Department's reaction to the decision of
the German Interior Ministers to put the Church of Scientology under
nationwide observation by the anti-extremist watchdogs?
MR. BURNS:  Well, we understand that the German state and federal
interior ministers have agreed to pursue the recommendations of an
experts group which called for the collection of information on
Scientologists and scientology.  It is our understanding - and we have a
very incomplete understanding, actually, of this decision - that the
ministers directed state and federal law enforcement agencies to develop
a plan to implement these recommendations.
We will examine the details of this decision carefully, but since I
don't believe our embassy in Bonn or our German experts here at the
State Department have had sufficient time really to look at this in
detail, I don't think it's appropriate for me to give you a detailed
comment.  I will say this.  The United States obviously has to stand for
freedom of religion.  We have that in our own country and we stand for
freedom of religion around the world.  If you would just look at our
annual human rights reports, I think four out of the last five years or
five of the last six - I forget which - we have mentioned this issue of
But I feel compelled to say something else about this issue, and that is
that Germany needs to be protected, the German Government and the German
leadership need to be protected from this wild charge made by the Church
of Scientology in the United States that somehow the treatment of
Scientologists in Germany can or should be compared to the treatment of
Jews who had to live, and who ultimately perished, under Nazi rule in
the 1930s.
This wildly inaccurate comparison is most unfair to Chancellor Kohl and
to his government and to regional governments and city governments
throughout Germany.  It has been made consistently by supporters of
scientology here in the United States, and by Scientologists themselves.
I do want to disassociate the United States Government from this
campaign.  We reject this campaign.  It is most unfair to Germany and to
Germans in general.
QUESTION:  Anything in this latest effort by Germany to deal with the
Church of Scientology that concerns you?
MR. BURNS:  Well, Carol, as I said, we have a sketchy understanding, at
best, of what this means.  It appears to be instructions by state and
federal law enforcement agencies to look at a set of recommendations and
develop a plan upon recommendations.
We have an alliance relationship with Germany.  We have a very close
relationship. I think among friends, you don't shoot first and ask
questions later.  What we need to do is study this issue, talk to the
German Government about it, and then perhaps we will have something to
say later on.  But I think it would be most unfair to Germany for us to
have detailed comments when we don't have a detailed understanding of
what this process may or may not be.  Yes.
[End excerpt]

@_date: 1997-06-09 07:21:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Dems Critique Crypto Policy 
These views from Democratic legislators on the SAFE
crypto bill is excerpted from House Report 105-108, dated May 22, 1997, which reports on the recent hearing testimony, DoJ's critique, and Goodlatte's responses to administration criticism. It cites the Blaze et al report on the risks of key
recovery, Sun's alliance with Elvis, current litigation and
non-US commercial exploitation of the crypto stalemate.
     (94K)
                    ADDITIONAL MINORITY VIEWS
                                   John Conyers, Jr.
                                   Rick Boucher.
                                   Zoe Lofgren.
                                   Maxine Waters.
                                   William Delahunt.
                                   Martin T. Meehan.
    We offer these additional views not to foment dissent but
to encourage dialogue with the Administration on the issues
related to encryption. We would like to work with federal law
enforcement and national security agencies to address their
    We sympathize with the difficulties faced by investigative
and security agencies in combating crime, terrorism, and
espionage. We believe it is quite legitimate for the
Administration to be concerned about the uncertain impact that
strong and ubiquitous encryption products may have on law
enforcement and national security agencies. We realize that it
may ultimately become impossible for government agencies to
decipher intercepted or retrieved data and communications that
have, by encryption, been transformed into a seemingly
unintelligible form.
    We recognize the days of cracking strong codes are nearly
gone. Unbreakable codes (256-bit key algorithms can generate
more possible solutions than there are particles in the known
universe) are already widely known. Private security experts
and sophisticated hackers have already realized this and are
beginning to develop ways of attacking the vulnerable points
before and after the information is encrypted (i.e., on the
sender's hard drive or at a ``good-guy'' recipient such as a
bank). We suspect that law enforcement and national security
experts within the government are acquiring similar
capabilities. But these alternative (and more subtle)
approaches are not reflected in the Administration's current
public policy toward encryption.
    The Administration's current encryption policy, a policy
that runs back at least to the Bush Administration, creates
more problems than it resolves. The policy is a combination of
encryption export controls and a key escrow system by which the
key to the code encrypting the information is to be held by a
third party (so it may be made available to the government).
    We need to be honest about this situation. We don't expect
most narcotics traffickers, terrorists, or criminals to respect
export restrictions on encryption when they don't respect our
underlying drugs or weapons laws. And we don't generally expect
anyone who employs encryption in furtherance of a crime to
readily give their keys to some third party so they may be made
available to the government.
    The Administration maintains that there is a commercial
need for key recovery. While that may be true to some extent,
there appears to be little or no demand for the all-
encompassing system they want to mandate. Experts have
uniformly concluded the government's proposed system is either
excessively costly and complex or insecure. In part, this is
true because the government seeks access to real-time
communications and data transmissions, rather than the ability
to recover stored data.
    The Administration insists it doesn't want domestic
restrictions on encryption. We are concerned, however, that the
Administration policy does have this effect. Development of
software programs, including those utilizing encryption, occurs
at an amazingly rapid pace, so it is not feasible for computer
software and hardware companies to develop separate products
for export and for domestic use. As a result, as a practical
matter, only products that are exportable, with weaker
encryption or with government-approved key recovery-escrow, can
be marketed at present.
    We fear that current encryption policy, encouraging as it
does weaker encryption, makes every American more vulnerable to
illicit or surreptitious access to our computer files, our
phone conversations, and personal information, and thus exposes
our citizens to hackers, terrorists, and thieves. It is ironic
that what is trumpeted as an aid to law enforcement may
instead compromise individual and corporate security.
    What we have here is not only a combination of export
controls and a key recovery system that does not work, we have
a system that compromises the competitiveness and security of
this nation's software and hardware industry, as well as our
privacy rights. As conceded by Administration witnesses, the
proposed key recovery system can succeed only as long as there
is no non-conforming encryption software readily available in
the market. But there is already an abundance of such software,
some of it freeware, that is readily available over the
    The proposed key recovery system can not work unless the
United States persuades every other nation to adopt key
recovery. We can safely say we are unlikely to obtain the
agreement of Libya, Iran, Iraq, or North Korea. In addition,
the efforts to date of David Aaron, U.S. Ambassador to the
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD),
to obtain a consensus in support of key recovery resulted
instead in a consensus opposing it.
    The Administration's policy has therefore been a strong
market incentive:
          (a) for non-participants (in the Administration's key
        escrow program) to make non-standard, secure encryption
        available, and
          (b) for U.S. companies to set up abroad in
        "encryption havens'' so they may legally market
        strong, secure encryption products to customers who
        decline to make their "international key'' available
        to diverse governments around the world.
There are already U.S. companies establishing ties with foreign
companies in Japan, Russia, and elsewhere.
    Nor is this policy without its cost. It is estimated that,
if the U.S. persists in its current policy through the year
2000, we shall lose 200,000 jobs and $60 billion each year.
This is what it will cost this nation to lose the cryptography
lead we enjoy and the competitive expertise necessary to
maintain our market position.
    Unfortunately, our discussions to date with law enforcement
and intelligence agencies have not admitted of the possibility
of any further relaxation of export restrictions as part of the
broader process essential to resolving this complex question.
Nor has the Administration offered to consider alternatives to
its key escrow or key recovery system.
    H.R. 695 need not be the end of the process but the
beginning of a real dialogue. This is what we would like to
happen. We continue to remain hopeful that the Administration
will acknowledge the shortcomings of its current policy and
sincerely hope that this will happen soon lest more serious
damage be done to our industry, to our security and to our
[End exceprt]

@_date: 1997-06-09 12:04:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: AES Comments to NIST 
NIST has published the 33 comments received on
the proposed Advanced Encryption Standard (AES)
intended to replace DES. Several are quite extensive.
In addition to those exemplars we've seen here by Bill Stewart and Bruce Schneier, there are remarks by several crypto luminaries, such as Ron Rivest and Clifford Adams (author of CAST), by NSA, by Canada's CSE, and by Certicom, 3Com, TIS, MasterCard, the ANSI X9 Standards Committee, the ABA and so on.
     (103K)

@_date: 1997-06-10 06:38:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Doc Offerings 
We offer:
A Federal Register notice today of an upcoming
Technology Administration "Public Forum on Certificate Authorities and Digital Signatures":
   The recent Denver ruling of $350K damages against the IRS
for disclosing confidential tax payer information:
     (48K)
NIST's latest package on the Key Recovery Demonstration
Plan of a test run among 10 federal agencies, including a May 29 solicitation:
     (37K)
And, the quite instructive 1994 Department of Justice "Federal Guidelines for Searching and Seizing Computers":
     (376K)

@_date: 1997-06-10 20:01:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Encryption Workshop 
On June 10, BXA will present an Encryption Workshop at the Westin Santa Clara, in Santa Clara, California. The half-day program will highlight the current U.S. policy on encryption and will include discussion of the main elements of the interim rule published December 30, 1996, including license exception KMI and the licensing process. The program will also address upcoming revisions based on the Administration's initiative to promote the use of
strong encryption by U.S. banks and financial institutions and their subsidiaries overseas.
For registration information, please contact: Carol Truhe with the Professional Association for Exporters and Importers at (408) 524-2135 or by fax at (408) 524-2023.

@_date: 1997-06-12 02:17:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Unleashing Micro Viruses on Networks 
6-11-97, Janes' Defence Weekly:
     Unleashing Microbots on Iran's IT Networks
     Unlike the 1990-1991 Gulf War, when the USA inserted a      National Security Agency-developed, virus-laden microchip      into a French computer printer headed for Baghdad, in 2015      the USA relies on several methods for infecting Iranian
     computers. These efforts hope to get around problems
     created by the proliferation of encryption technology.      While some peripheral equipment, like printers, will be
     intercepted and bugged in order to disable mainframe
     computers, intelligence technicians will also use the internet
     to send guided viruses into Iran's national information
     infrastructure.      Thumbnail-sized micro-robots, known as `microbots', will
     also be unleashed by micro-air vehicles and naval guns. These
     parasites will creep into electronic equipment, attach
     themselves, and keep themselves alive by draining generator
     power.      Once the electronics system's energy is depleted, the fully
     charged microscopic vermin will search for a new victim.      The main problem will be that they are too small to carry
     identification equipment and so they infect indiscriminately.
     As such, they must be deployed far away from allied
     equipment.      However, packages of microbots can be destroyed remotely
     as allies prepare to invade enemy territory.      <>      [Copyright 1997, Jane's Information Group]

@_date: 1997-06-12 21:12:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Privacy Strategems 
The New York Times has a long report today on the
massive data banks about US citizens operated by
commercial services for sale to marketers (and used
by databankers for special ops against those who sue Emphasis is given to the number of states that sell
low-cost inmate services for data entry and preparation
of hot-selling Geographical Information Surveys which
map and stat in minute detail the life-style preferences
of purchasers. And how sharp and horny inmates snatch select data for criminal attacks on unwary citizens (and their
children) who cooperatively provided personal information to government agencies and market researchers.
Texas is featured as a leader in the privatization of
government data and using inmate labor to underbid
offshore sweatshop competitors -- all engendered
by citizen demands to reduce tax burdens.
Another report covers the Microsoft/Netscape effort
to ward off government regulation by agreeing on a
privacy protection program.
It's not clear how government and inmates will join the two
public-spirited corps in peddling the illusion of privacy.

@_date: 1997-06-13 08:19:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell 5 
I spoke briefly this afternoon with Kelly Miller, the
clerk of the district court handling Jim's case.
She said that the USA, Jim and Jim's attorney agreed
to waive (extend) the deadline for speedy indictment so that additional material could be assembled by all And that no action will be taken until on or about June
30; Jim will remain in jail until then.
Jim's attorney, Peter Avenia, confirmed this but would not comment further except in answer to my question about getting in touch with Jim said that he had advised Jim not to make statements to anyone.
Kelly Miller: 1-253-593-6754
Peter Avenia: 1-253-593-6710

@_date: 1997-06-14 09:17:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Impact of Netscape kernel hole 
Isn't it widely known that the secret key is not to be stored in the box, as the
PGP manual and security pubs emphasize?
Still, it would be good to know if a Netscape snooper could snarf a key while it is being used by PGP to decrypt, that is, whether the hole allows snooping
on dynamic ops or just on stored info.
Does anyone know if the the hole finders are discussing this on the Net, and
if so, where? What are the folks at Netscape saying? Tom, Jeff?

@_date: 1997-06-15 04:33:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IBM sues critics? 
If this report is true it's worth taking a look at IBM's policy paper
"The need for a global cryptographic policy framework" to understand why the key study report is such a threat to
Blue's global market strategy:
   IBM's economic incentive to attack the report is substantial, not
least because it hopes to garner the lion's share of global GAK --
not that that's news.

@_date: 1997-06-15 20:36:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: e$: Skins vs. Shirts 
That's rather inflammatory name-calling. Sounds a bit Kallstromish, no?
Surely Homer hasn't been hanging with the CT-hypers.
However, it confirms Tim's surmise that we're facing an inflation of
terrorist-spin to whatever feeds nightsweats of monsters coming to
Ballmer our babies -- of flesh, markets or surveilling features.
Still, is it any surprise to the burgeoning snoopers (prurient, commercial or law) that most personal computer disks are as empty of content as those of data banks, government, military, corporations and other XXX sites? They're stuffed with make-work idleness, slightly Dilberted with lonely-guy infowar & -love games of fantasies of what will never be. Recall Mitnick's find on The Well, Shimomura, the telcos and the feds -- lots
of empty data and wannabe-prattle.
In that case, the Feds and the victims conspired to script a film to make the nothingness seem valuable, when what they really feared that it would be shown to be worthless junk. Not that NSCP would sink to that kind of RSA Schwartau TLA insecurity.

@_date: 1997-06-16 05:05:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Impact of Netscape kernel hole 
Dave suggests the key to Netscape's Andreesen's amazing trajectory from lab rat gizmoid to market leader, while others languish uncompensated,
at least just yet. It's Mark's changeable feature for peeking and tracking, approved by law for orderly commerce. "Bugs bounty" is the make light of it charade, while
"bug" is the venerable hardware name.
Find the first few, sure, that's for easy diversion, find those somewhat
deeper, those're for sweeping by the seasoned pros. Then there are those that are never found, the ones that always tell what's needed to know in national emergency but can never be revealed.
Perhaps any day now MS and NSCP will morph to push browser GAK, claiming that public privacy and secure commerce demand protection from cyber-terrorists. That's the theme, hey, hey, of the Denver meet of global leaders on June 20. Could it be that that's what the Silicon chiefs went to DC to plan last week while speechifying contrarily to CNN, C-SPAN and Declan.
Surely, though, bountifully trusty PGP is not party to this G-10 globalization of crippled crypto, or at least not its Chief Technology Officer, right?
BTW, Declan's spin on national affairs is starting to smell of pontification
to the
masses, classis sign of "if only you knew what I've been let in on."
that, empty data.

@_date: 1997-06-16 19:09:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BYE_cda 
6-16-97, NYP:
With a groundbreaking Supreme Court decision imminent on a
new law restricting children's access to indecent material on the
Internet, senior Clinton administration officials are preparing a policy that undercuts the administration's strong support of the law until now.
Administration officials, anticipating that the court will strike the law down as an unconstitutional abridgment of free speech, have been quietly fashioning a new communications policy that leaves most regulation of the sprawling online world to the industry No announcement will be made until the court rules on the constitutionality of the Communications Decency Act of 1996. And officials noted that the current draft of a working group's report, dated June 4, is not necessarily the last word spelling out the new approach. The president makes policy, they said,
and this matter will not be settled until he approves.

@_date: 1997-06-16 20:08:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: New CIA Rule on Information Access 
The CIA has published in the Federal Register today interim
rules and soliciting comments prior to adoption of final rules to
implement its obligations under the Freedom of Information Act, the Privacy Act, and Executive Order 12958 provisions relating to classification challenges by authorized holders, requests
for mandatory declassification review, and access by historical      (150K)

@_date: 1997-06-17 00:22:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DREI 97: Cryptography and Network Security 
DIMACS Research & Education Institute     DREI 97 Cryptography and Network Security     July 28 - August 15, 1997     Rutgers University, NJ
    Speakers and papers (abstracts available at the site):
    Martin Abadi, Digital Systems Research Center, DEC "Strengthening Passwords"
    Ross Anderson, Cambridge University, "Medical Records Security" and
    "Steganography"
    Alex Biryukov, Technion "Cryptanalysis of the Portz Interconnection-Network
    Block-Cipher" and "Cryptanalysis of RC5"
    Daniel Bleichenbacher, Bell Labs "Comparing RSA and RSA-Type
Cryptosystems Over
    Elliptic Curves"
    Gilles Brassard, University of Montreal "The Impact of Quantum Mechanics on
    Cryptology"
    Ran Canetti, IBM "Towards Realizing Random Oracles: Hash Functions That
Hide All
    Partial Information" and "On the Adaptive Security of Multiparty Protocols"
    Benny Chor, Technion "Private Information Retrieval"
    Claude Crepeau, Universite de Montreal "Cryptographic Power of Noisy
    Cynthia Dwork, IBM "Positive Applications to Lattices of Cryptography"
    Carl Ellison, Cybercash, Working Cryptanalysis of the German Enigma" and
    Key Management in the Post-Identity Era"
    Yair Frankel, Sandia "New Techniques for Sharing Cryptographic Functions"
    Matthew Franklin, AT&T Labs - Research, "Ecash and the Power of Positive
    Paranoia"
    Rosario Gennaro, IBM "How to Sign Digital Streams"
    Stuart Haber, Surety Technologies, "Ensuring the Integrity of Records On
Line: How to
    Time-Stamp a Digital Document"
    Jack Lacey, AT&T Labs - Research, "Music on the Internet and the
    Property Protection Problem"
    Susan Landau, University of Massachusetts at Amherst "Cryptology,
Technology and
    Policy"
    David P. Maher, AT&T Labs - Research "Security Models for Partially
    E-Cash Systems"
    Dalia Malkhi, AT&T Labs - Research "Auditable Metering with Lightweight
    Moni Naor, The Weizmann Institute "A Formal Teatment of Remotely Keyed
    Encryption"
    Hilaire Orman, DARPA "The Imperfection of Secrecy in Real Network Protocols"
    Pino Persiano, University of Salerno "A Transparent Distributed
    Filesystem" and "Randomness-Efficient Non-Interactive Zero-Knowledge Proofs"
    Marcus Ranum, Network Flight Recorder, Inc., "Hacking and Networked
    and "Problems with the Firewall Concept"
    Mike Reiter, AT&T Labs - Research "Toward Acceptable Metrics of
    Fred Schneider, Cornell University "Mobile Code Security Issues"
    Rich Schroeppel, University of Arizona "Fast Arithmetic in GF[2^156]"
    Adi Shamir, The Weizmann Institute "A New Paradigm for Massively
Parallel Random
    Search" and "Cryptanalytic Fault Attacks"
    Martin Strauss, AT&T Labs - Research "Proxy Cryptography" and "A Formal
    of Transactional Trust Management"
    Edlyn Teske, University of Manitoba "Space Efficient Group Structure
    Using Pollard's $\rho$-Method"

@_date: 1997-06-17 06:36:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Homer on Terrorism 
Good point. Perhaps CNNfn and PC Rag insiders did just that. Maybe
even got a few for CaboComm's account. Maybe the insiders at NSCP dumped a few after the negotiations tanked. Screaming "terrorism" for
Isn't it conventional wisdom that  the market is churned with with blackmail, greenmail, "terrorist" slaughter of W&O and such, laying down "free market"
Story from Federal pen here is that the WTC bomb aimed to topple the pile onto World Financial Center across the road where the plushest players squat on gold but job-lock TLAs running the op said no-no, just terrify the fats into upping our CT-consulting fees and budgets, like IRA @ London City.
Inmate Ian was heard to warn, "Worked like a charm, din it: now shut your hole Youseff about that salted laptop fabbed up St Andrews, Great Malvern."

@_date: 1997-06-18 04:48:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: LAN_law 
Los Alamos lab is using its supercomps to develop
pattern-recognition programs to spot fraud in
the health care system similar to work for IRS
to spot tax cheats.

@_date: 1997-06-18 04:52:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: LOW_orb 
Motorola plans to loft its third low-orbit sat system,
dubbed Celestri, for high-speed data, video and broadcast. That will make 7 systems for highbanding
low wares.

@_date: 1997-06-19 01:50:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Federal Websites 
The General Accounting Office has published an astonishing list
of over 4,000 Federal Websites, many not well-known, with hyperlinks for easy access:
-  World Wide Web Sites: Reported by 42 Federal Organizations.
   GGD-97-86S. June 1, 1997.    It's a supplement to an assessment of federal electronic information systems:
-  Internet and Electronic Dial-Up Bulletin Board System Activities:
   Information Reported by Federal Organizations. GGD-97-86. June
   16, 1997.    We note the also amazingly-revealing GovBot Database of Government
Websites which provides search and access to 308,000 government and
military web pages:

@_date: 1997-06-19 07:48:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Award from Computer Press Ass'n (shameless self-congratulation) 
Congrats Declan, and Brock.
The best blow-by was that "colorfully written and packed with details."
Too bad, that ass-kiss o'death "high-profile follow-up with mainstream media."

@_date: 1997-06-20 08:05:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Feinstein Amendment Passes 
The Feinstein Amendment to S.936, the Defense
Authorization Bill, just now passed 94 to 0. Among other
provisions it prohibits the teaching of bombmaking
for criminal purposes, in line with recommendations
of a recent report by the Justice Department on the availability of  information on bombmaking on the

@_date: 1997-06-21 02:12:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Feinstein Amendment Text 
Senator Feinstein's office has provided a copy of
her S.936 amendment which passed yersterday 94 to 0 "to prohibit the distribution of certain information relating to explosives, destructive devices, and weapons of mass      (5K)
Via links in the file, the amendment may be compared to earlier draft versions and debate as well as for the effect of the recent Justice Department report on its language.

@_date: 1997-06-23 03:40:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: McCain's War for Security 
The New York Times Magazine had a feature story on Senator McCain a week or two ago which covered in
detail his personal, military and political history and his
heroic struggle to meet the high standards set by his admiral father, the Navy and individual ethics. His long imprisonment by the North Vietnamese due to a refusal to be released as the well-known son of a prominent admiral was cited as an example of his duty to to put national interests above his own.
This iconic treatment of a national hero is worth pondering
for the way it reveals what Tim calls "the fix is in."
The imposition of protective measures often occurs through
those with impeccable credentials, especially by appealing to the ones who believe that their special role is to rise above ordinary struggles and dispense exceptional wisdom, fairness and
The question on McCain is: has he been sold on the threat to national security of cryptography by appealing to his deep patriotism, his belief in a special duty to protect the nation, to fight its "war" with the day's enemies.
Such feeding of grandiloquence is historical practice of the
Richlieus running the government, raiding the till, commanding the academies, distributing authorizations to placate antsy The cariacature of this are "banana republics" where
military and political saviors justify coups in the name
of the "public interest," or "the people," fairly well in accord
with threats to authority.
Military, naval and governmental academies worldwide teach this
belief in the special duty of public servants, notwithstanding the
evidence that some graduates reap the not-so-public rewards.
As amply displayed in S.936, the National Defense Authorization
Act for FY 1998, the perennial US banana republic raid on
the till. Read it to see who McCain thinks are the nation's enemies and protectors and who are the supreme judges of both.
What's not as well publicized about leadership academies of all
kinds is that they also teach (and practice) the Machiavellian wisdom of most stringent laws and harshest enforcement for challenges to the authority to govern, to tax, to command, to rule. To assure "national security" for those who thrive on it.

@_date: 1997-06-23 09:39:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: spook pressure on crypto exports 
Adam Back asked for info crypto export news for AU, IE and NZ,
which I echo. I recall that Peter Gutmann has a standing request for crypto export info from anywhere. We'd like to host any reports that come in.
For those who've not seen it, his report on his bizarre trials is at:
   And a report on a weirdly similar UK experience by Mike Cobb is at:
   Documenting the various international experiences is a worthy
accompaniment to those of Bernstein, Karn and Junger, and about
the only way to expose global GAK at work. It seems to be spreading quietly, implemented case by case, wearing down isolated appliants with evasive procrastination, or promising a one-time approval, using the clock to threaten pending sales.

@_date: 1997-06-23 09:42:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: spook pressure on crypto exports 
Correction: Mike Cobb's report on UK export is at:

@_date: 1997-06-23 19:46:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Feds Recant on Mitnick 
23 June 1997:
     New twist/ Feds Recant on Mitnick's Fugitive Status      Back in 1994, a supposedly fleeing Kevin Mitnick told anyone      who would listen he really wasn't a fugitive from justice.      He claimed to be just a paranoid hacker who didn't want to      stick around once his probation was up. As it turns out, he      may have been telling me the truth. In a federal court in Los      Angeles, the government admitted it had made a mistake in saying      that Mitnick was on the lam.      The admission may put an entirely different twist on the case.
     If Mitnick wasn't really a fugitive, a couple of probation
     violations mistakenly escalated into one the biggest manhunts
     in cyberspace. Petty offenses by Mitnick -- probably
     punishable by an extension of his probation -- spun into a
     nationwide cat-and-mouse game that drew a frenzy of media
     hype. Along the way, Mitnick, who may have been no more
     than a scofflaw, instead became the notorious criminal
     mastermind the authorities apparently wanted him to be. Full report:
   Crypto news:
S.F. Judge Likely to Uphold Encryption Ruling
EEMA/ EEMA Slams UK Government Over Encryption Restrictions Two reports on prospects for the McCain/Kerrey bill
Two reports on the import of the DES crack

@_date: 1997-06-25 20:16:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto News 
25 June 1997:
     A Canadian company claims it has a unique product that can      spur acceptance of biometric encryption.      The Touchstone device, from Mytec Technologies Inc. of
     Toronto, includes a patented technology called Bioscrypt-a
     coded key or personal identification number that can be
     decoded only when the user's finger slides across a scanner.      Mytec says it adds a layer of security to the fingerprint
     scanning methods typical at other vendors.      "What we do is slide a finger across a scanner, which takes
     the information in the finger pattern and allows it to
     descramble the encrypted key," said George Tomko,
     chairman and co-founder of Mytec.      The finger itself becomes essentially an encryption key and
     can be used in place of a personal identification number at a
     keyboard, automated teller machine, telephone, or to scramble
     data over the Internet.      "With this kind of technology, everyone's finger is a potential
     encryption key," said Mr. Tomko.      NetDox, Inc. today announced that the U.S. Department of
     Commerce has granted export approval for NetDox
     ePackage, a secure Internet document delivery service.      This makes NetDox the first U.S. company authorized to
     offer businesses a global digital delivery service protected by
     128-bit encryption over the Internet without providing clear
     text access to key recovery agents.      The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. decided Tuesday not to
     regulate stored-value cards.      Two long reports on Netscape/Verisign's and Microsoft's approval      for 128-bit products export.
Above reports in full:
     For those who've not seen it we offer the bill introduced on
June 19 by Representative Markey, "The "Communications Privacy and Consumer Empowerment Act":
     It has a provision for data security and pre-emption of
government regulation of domestic encryption.

@_date: 1997-06-30 13:29:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: details of 6/26 action on HR 695?? 
The H.R.695 amendments referred to in the Congressional Record appear to be the same ones described in House Report 105-108:
   If there are others they have not yet been published.

@_date: 1997-07-01 09:46:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: details of 6/26 action on HR 695?? 
Sorry 'bout that .txt typo for the SAFE report; it's HTM:
     (94K)

@_date: 1997-07-01 09:46:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Denning Paper 
Professor Dorothy Denning's paper, "Encryption and Evolving Technologies as Tools of Organized Crime and Terrorism," will be available in early July. Should you wish to purchase a copy please send a check or money order for $10.00 (includes shipping and handling) payable to the National Strategy Information Center, at the following address: 1730 Rhode Island Ave. NW, Suite 500, Washington, DC 20036. We will be happy to send you a copy once
we receive your payment. Should you have any further questions please feel free to contact me.
Marcia McGowan
Working Group on Organized Crime
National Strategy Information Center

@_date: 1997-03-02 09:53:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Pro-CODE Bill 
We've put the new Senate Pro-CODE encryption bill
announced by VTR here last week at:
     (23K)

@_date: 1997-03-03 11:45:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Military Snooping 
Lucky Green posted the message below elsewhere which raises provocative questions about military snooping on the Net to combat anonymizers and remailers:
At the FC'97 rump session, Paul Syverson from NRL presented a paper titled "Onion Routing". The description of the system sounds very much like Wei Dai's PipeNet. However, the development team seems to be unaware of PipeNet
and the discussions about it that we had in the past.
NLR has currently five machines implementing the protocol. Connection setup time is claimed to be 500 ms. They are looking for volunteers to run "Onion Routers". It appears the US military wants to access websites without giving away the fact that they are accessing the sites and is looking to us to provide the cover traffic. What a fortunate situation.
They said that the source would soon be on the web page, but so far it has not appeared.
[End forward]
For those who don't want NRL snooping on their accesses, we've put three of the Onion-Routing papers at:
           (a conversion from PDF)

@_date: 1997-03-03 16:37:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Sued by Cryptographer 
We've received from Anonymous a copy of a February 28, 1997, complaint against NSA by an ex-Sandia cryptographer:
     (41K)
The cryptographer, William Payne, was:
   project leader for the Missile Secure Cryptographic Unit    [MSCU] at Sandia between about 1982 and 1986.  The    MSCU was funded by NSA.  Payne designed and built    the hardware/software data authenticator for the US/USSR    Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty for Sandia between    1986 and 1992. Payne held SECRET clearance when    Payne worked for the Navy, DOE Q clearance, crypto and    SCI access while at Sandia.
The document says that Payne was a source for the Baltimore Sun story on NSA's "spiking" deal with CryptoAG*, and other stories, after he was fired in 1992 for attacking the quality of NSA's cryptography.
It includes descriptions of agreements between Sandia and NSA, algorithms, critiques and procedures. A sample:
   Payne revealed to the public the value 31. "The algorithm    required stepping two of its internal registers at a rate many    times the data rate."     NSA believes that 31 is classified.  Payne believes that this is    classification abuse.
   Therefore, Payne issued a FOIA to NSA crypto-mathematician Brian    Snow also on June 10, 1996.
     	I found no evidence that NSA possesses any special      	To the contrary, I discovered generic deficient 	
     	We brought this to the attention of NSA.  Sandia even           	Therefore, under 5 USC 522b I request access all 	
     	1    Benincasa's original NSS/USO algorithm,
     	2    Benincasa's revision of 1,
     	3    The Unkenholtz - Judy GRANITE algorithm,
     	4    Your MSCU algorithm,
     	5    the clipper algorithm,
     	6    the STU III algorithms.            	I feel that published analyses of the above 6 	
   Payne received no response from NSA.
* "Cryptographic units were 'spiked' so that the crypto key was transmitted ['covert channel'] with the cipher text."
For more on the CryptoAG story see:

@_date: 1997-03-04 06:53:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Sued by Cryptographer 
I spoke this morning with cryptographer William H. Payne in NM (505-292-7037), who confirmed that the NSA suit is authentic. He spoke freely about it and said he was pleased that it was being publicized. There's more to tell, he says, and is
doing so through several pipelines.
Says NSA is crimping him financially in retribution, so he may
go offshore to make a living fighting their shitty crypto shenanigans.
To see the suit:

@_date: 1997-03-04 12:17:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: More on NSA Suit 
We've received another doc by cryptographer William H. Payne that preceded his NSA suit, sent to the Director of NSA, which claims to contain classified information on NSA crypto algorithms:
   It amplifies information in the suit, and includes provocative material that was suit-and-tied for court.
There's governmental information via Altavista about Mr. Payne's parallel dispute with DOE.

@_date: 1997-03-05 04:42:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: HOT_sum 
"Congress Vs. President On Encryption"
 Last week a bill was reintroduced in the Senate to ease restrictions  on the export of encryption technology. But the Clinton administration  is preparing to back new legislation proposing additional controls over  encryption software, according to sources familiar with the plans.
 The White House is preparing to back legislation that will deal with the
  liability issues surrounding trusted third parties. That legislation may  seek to  regulate the entities that will preside over digital signature and
 digital certificate authentication.
 "It's going to be a long, hot summer," Bidzos said.
Return blank message with this key as subject for full article.

@_date: 1997-03-05 09:11:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ECPA/1997: the other shoe? 
Thanks for pointing this. We got a TXT version from GPO Access
and put it at:
   With a link to your HTML.
On Waasenaar, we've written a few folks about finding a full copy, but
so far the word is the same as State's: none has been publically released.
Hope you get it.
When the pact was first discussed at State a recorder transcribed "Vasinor (phonetic)," so that term might turn up in searches.
As you noted, for those interested, we've put a few Waasenaar docs at:
   Back to your FOIA to CIA, and the Agency's referral to FCC: I wonder if there might not be something to that lead. As you must know, the legislation covering national telecommunications security puts the FCC in the center of infowehr C4I. Excuse this cite to a pro citer, the NatSec Telecomm leg is at:
  This might support the CIA's intel that FCC is the chokepoint for CPI for
the IC.

@_date: 1997-03-05 18:42:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Secrecy Report 
The "Report of the Commission on Protecting and Reducing
Government Secrecy," boosted in the NY Times today is available in PDF format at:
   It criticizes government's unwarranted use of secrecy as a means of control.
The main report is 155 pages long with appendices of 120 pages, including
a history of the abuse of secrecy in the NatSec era. It also has a section on "Information Insecurity" which addresses impending moves by the gov to
deal with threats to the Racketeer-Influenced "if you knew what we know" Criminal Org.
The NYT report and editorial is at:

@_date: 1997-03-06 12:44:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Medical Records Security 
The new "Protecting Electronic Health Information" report by
the National Academy of Sciences is at:
     (615K)
There is quite a lot of crypto discussion.
The NY Times featured this report on Page One today.
It's worth reminding that this report and the recent one on
secrecy both fault national encryption policy and emphasize that it's time to break the logjam caused by NatSec/LEA
dispute with commerce, and get on with protecting the privacy of citizens from government and commerce working in cahoots.
Note that commerce is seen as much a threat as government, with the looming probablility that government and commerce will unite against the citizenry, now as ever, both claiming to
protect from the other, using their phony fight as a camouflage for royal screwing rights.

@_date: 1997-03-07 19:13:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Terrorist Use of WMD 
The President's February 27 report to Congress on
"Threats of Terrorist Use of Weapons of Mass Destruction"
      New or enhanced technical capabilities needed to counter
     increasingly sophisticated terrorist organizations include
     the ability to intercept advanced telecommunications, with a
     primary focus on wireless and satellite-based systems;
     improved tracking and physical surveillance technologies for
     weapons, explosives, etc.; automatic language translation and
     text/key word recognition; and technology to support
     surreptitious entry.
       Current research and development funding is not adequate.
     Additional funding is needed to continue work on an indepth
     chemical characterization of foreign explosives and for
     continued development of contraband detection technology.
     Additional funding would accelerate development in a number
     of key technologies, particularly communications
     interception, tracking, covert communications, and
     surreptitious access. These technologies are critical to the
     support of counterterrorism investigations, especially WMD-
     related threats.
See the full report on specific threats and countermeasures:
     (294K)
The report was mandated by the "The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1997":
     (70K toc; 1.5M full act)
It correlates with "The Antiterrorism Act of 1996":
     (358K)
The Senate "Intelligence Committee Report 1995-96":
     (135K)
The "Intelligence Authorization Act for 1997":
     (85K)
And "Executive Order 13010--Critical Infrastructure Protection":
     (20K)

@_date: 1997-03-10 08:06:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DES_pon 
"U.S. Diplomat in Germany Reported Expelled for Spying"
   A U.S. diplomat is reported to have been expelled
   from Bonn, after being accused of committing economic    espionage against Germany, one of Washington's    staunchest allies.

@_date: 1997-03-11 08:44:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Wassenaar Arrangement by CISTEC 
Return-Path: cistec11 at itjitnet.or.jp
CC: CISTEC03 at itjitnet.or.jp
Dear Mr. Young,
    We received your facsimile letter regarding The Wassenaar Arrangement.
As you have been informed, CISTEC is going to issue a document describing
the Wassenaar Arrangement in middle of March 1997.  But actually, this issue does not include "ML" area and all parts are translated into Japanese.
    Basically, this Japanese version is targetted to member industries of     Please let us know still you would like to get it.
By the way, how did you get the information of CISTEC's publication?
Please let us know your company or institution and the purpose of this document from Japan, if you don't have any problems.
Thank you We've answered to ask if CISTEC plans an English version, or knows of
a source for a full copy.

@_date: 1997-03-11 12:20:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CIA_ami 
Thanks to UM we offer an English version of the Spiegel report on the US spy expelled by Germany (cited by NYT).

@_date: 1997-03-12 04:36:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: REA_lly 
US claims CIA was not spying on Germany but on
rogue states doing business there. Spy has not been

@_date: 1997-03-15 16:57:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Upcoming Crypto Actions 
In addition to the March 20 House hearing on Goodlatte's HR695 where Phil Karn will testify, there's a Senate hearing on Leahy's PRO-Code bill:
   March 19;  2:00 p.m.
     Commerce, Science, and Transportation
     To hold hearings on S. 377, to promote electronic      commerce by facilitating the use of strong encryption.
   SR-253
This was postponed from March 11, perhaps in concert with Goodlatte to maximize coverage of the issue.
Recall that the administration is due to shortly release its policy on international encryption agreements. And BXA has scheduled
several actions to comply with The Wassenaar Arrangement:
[November 29, 1996 (Volume 61, Number 231)]
[Unified Agenda]
[Page 62337-62348]
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE (DOC)

@_date: 1997-03-16 12:46:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BAD_gyz 
TWP writes Page Oner on the FBI's computer upgrade
snafu for NCIC and national fingerprint info on demand, with multi-millions in overruns and mismanagement. It says that as a result Congress has refused initial $100m for digital wiretap and will not release funds until the feebies show technological and managerial competence.
Freeh and Gorelick claim they were misled on costs of the
upgrades by underlings. However, a feebie says that the budgets were deliberately under-priced to get approval, and
that everyone knew more would be needed. The implication is that $500 million is too low for DTA, but
that Congress thinks its way too high for bumblers.

@_date: 1997-03-17 05:19:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MIR_ror 
NYP reports on "white-hat" hackers who work for IBM and the like, breaking into corporate systems, testing
   "It's hard to find good people in this field who do
   not have criminal records."
Like the NatSec gang -- Shimomuras using secret tech
to chase Mitnicks for the king's coin, praying the infowar smoke and mirrors never end, hoping they're on the winning
side of the looking glass.

@_date: 1997-03-17 06:51:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto and Wassenaar Meeting 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
Transportation and Related Equipment Technical Advisory Committee; Partially Closed Meeting
    A meeting of the Transportation and Related Equipment Technical Advisory Committee will be held March 18, 1997, 9 a.m., in the Herbert C. Hoover Building, Room 1617M(2), 14th Street between Constitution & Pennsylvania Avenues, NW., Washington, DC. The Committee advises the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration with respect to technical questions that affect the level of export controls applicable to transportation and related equipment or technology.
General Session
    1. Opening remarks by the Chairman.
    2. Presentation of public papers or comments.
    3. Report on the status of the Wassenaar Arrangement: implementation, List Review schedule, and reporting status.
    4. Report on the status of the encryption regulations.
    5. Update on the Missile Technology Control Regime.
    6. Discussion of commercial communications satellite and ``hot section'' technology regulations, in particular the status of the fuels Closed Session
    7. Discussion of matters properly classified under Executive Order 12958, dealing with the U.S. export control program and strategic criteria related thereto.
    The General Session of the meeting will be open to the public and a limited number of seats will be available. To the extent time permits, members of the public may present oral statements to the Committee. Written statements may be submitted at any time before or after the meeting.

@_date: 1997-03-17 10:11:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Internet Tax Freedom Act 
The Internet Tax Freedom Act
Introduced in the Senate March 13, 1997
By Senator Wyden (for himself and Senator Kerry):
S. 442. A bill to establish a national policy against State and local government interference with interstate commerce on the Internet or interactive computer services, and to exercise Congressional jurisdiction over interstate commerce by establishing a moratorium on the imposition of exactions that would interfere with the free flow of commerce via the Internet, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation.
See bill, Wyden's statements and section-by-section analysis at:

@_date: 1997-03-18 17:09:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US Spies Vacuum Germany 
This week's Spiegel has a three-page follow-up article on the CIA spy:
Der Spiegel No. 12 / 1997, pp. 34-36.
Espionage / "Dinner for Two"
  For almost three years, a CIA agent has pumped a Head of Unit in
  Bonn's Economy Ministry.  The US agencies' wild actions no longer
  are taboo.
The official Klaus Dieter von Horn, 60, ex officio is on the guard of
spies - the Superior Counsellor in the Economy Ministry is responsible
for the Arabian area.  As the head of unit VB7 - that concentrates on
Iran - knows, spies from the Near East, but also from other areas,
take a keen interest in the files on his desk.
Nevertheless, at first the official did not pay much attention to
Geoffry Plant's efforts.  After all, he was in diplomatic duty of the
big brother USA.  Horn and Plant got to know each other late in 1994,
and the American invited the German to a dinner for two every three or
four weeks.  The US embassy's IInd Secretary liked to chat about his
employer and kept asking even more questions about Horn's ministry.
He had Horn explain the political background of the Mykonos lawsuit,
and was interested in the Hermes credits to Iran.  When Bonn in August
1995 asked Iran to send two employees of their office in Bonn on
vacation without return tickets because they had been unveiled as
spies, Plant wanted to know all details.
Another time, he politely asked for a list of those firms that deliver
all sorts of goods, especially high tech, to the Mullahs' state.  The
Ministerial Counsellor remained courteous, but refused: He was not
allowed to hand over those papers, Plant surely knew that?  The
American did understand, but he would not give up.
Last year in May, he again invited Horn to dinner.  He was leaving the
embassy, he said, and on farewell still handed over a Montblanc pen of
almost 300 DM worth.  Also, he introduced his successor: Peyton K
Humphries, a diplomat working on Iran.  Plant asked him not to forget
that name.
That was for granted.  Other authorities were already awaiting the US
embassy's new second secretary with large interest: The German
intelligence agencies wanted to check if the Americans were willing to
continue the agents game in diplomatic undercover.
Because already in Summer 1995, after the first talks with Plant, wary
Horn had contacted the Bundesnachrichtendienst (BND) and the Bundesamt
fr Verfassungsschutz (BfV).  Obviously, he reported, American spies
were assigned to him.
He correctly informed the BfV about the various meetings and also
handed over presents such as pens and champagne.  Then, as Humphries
queried him about the ongoing construction of the nuclear power plant
of Busher after his return from a trip to Teheran, Horn described the
US interest in full detail.
What was happening there, was a textbook case to the BfV agent
hunters: Spies from a foreign power wanted to recruit a German top
official.  It is the spy school's ABC to first give the source test
orders such as obtaining material from an open source - as in Horn's
case.  Also typical: The German was supposed not to talk to anyone
about the encounters, including US embassy staff.  Humphries: "There
are two competing camps."  The CIA and the embassy's economy department
don't get on well with each other.
After the German counterespionage experts had dropped all plans to
crack the US embassy that lies at the Rhine like a fortress at
Deichmanns Aue 29, or to tap Humphries' telephone, in this February
BfV head Peter Frisch talked to the head of the CIA in Bonn, Floyd L
Paseman.  Humphries, Frisch demanded, was to leave the country, the
Chancellor's Office and the Foreign Office were annoyed.
Paseman denied espionage, but assured that the CIA agent would leave
until May 30.  He insistently asked to handle the incident most
It failed.  Since Der Spiegel reported first details about the
snooping last week, the relations between the goverment and Washington
are not free from irritations.
In the US, comparisons were made with France kicking out four CIA
agents in 1995.  "Why do the United States spy out their friends?"
the Wall Street Journal asked.  "Shame", said the Chicago Tribune's
editorial.  Washington still treated Germany as an agents center like
"in the age of Cold War".
The timid in Bonn now are afraid of trouble with the big brother.  But
there also is relief.  Kicking the CIA man out gives the chance to no
longer treat espionage among friends as a taboo.
Six and a half years after re-unification and the end of the allied
forces' privileges in Germany, the Germans in the conspirative area
still are not the masters of their own house.  Still, some Western
agencies - the Americans at the head - act like in their own backyard.
Hortensie I, the BND's synonym for the CIA, and Hortensie III, as the
most sinister American intelligence agency, the National Security
Agency (NSA) is referred to, resemble the flower of the same name: a
shrublike plant with strong roots.
The "friendly agencies" are increasingly active in the capital,
Berlin's Secretary of State of the Interior Kuno Bse (CDU) reported
in February.  In mid-February, the heads of the Offices for the
Protection of the Constitution met in Bad Neuenahr to "re-structure
counter-intelligence".  "Focussing on the East", they noted as item 4,
"would not correspond to political reality any more".
Looking to the West shows surprising activity: More than 1,000 wiretap
technicians and 100 professional US agents bustle about in Germany,
security experts estimate.  20 intelligence officers are suspected in
the American embassy at the Rhine alone.
The friendly power's spies are in consulates, allied supreme command,
and barracks.  They try to recruit agents in Germany, they tap sources
without consultation, and whoever uses a telephone between the Alps
and the Baltic Sea must be aware that the NSA be switched in -
attention, the friend is listening.
Before 1990, the American eavesdroppers were ubiquitious.  They
maintained a listening post on the mountain Teufelsberg in Berlin, to
listen to East Berlin, and probably the West as well.  In Frankfort am
Main, close to the Zeil, there was another impressive listening post.
In the Lech plain near Gablingen, the Americans constructed a powerful
circular antenna grid - some 300 meters of diameter and 100 meters of
heigth.  Upside, they were listening on short wave to the Eastern
generals' orders.  What they were doing in the underground, has
remained their secret.
The Teufelsberg has been left, as the Americans moved further to the
East.  The Frankfort subsidiary has also been closed, and Gablingen
will be given up next year.
But the Americans' pride, their "giant ear" in Germany, will remain,
and it makes the ordinary wiretap look rather ordinary.  The site is
located in Bad Aibling, Upper Bavaria.  In an idyllic landscape, the
empire of Hortesie III extends immensely.  Gigantic antenna facilities
that in their covers rise above the plain like huge gulf balls are
eavesdropping Russian military.  Russian sattelites are tapped, the
telephone traffic directed to the formerly Soviet army is recorded.
Right next to it, in the German Mangfall barrack, resides the BND's
so-called long distance radio traffic site.  It (object "Orion") may
use the American antennae, nearly 100 eavesdroppers are analyzing the
cyrillic babel of speech.
But the peace is deceptive.  The intelligence empire NSA (estimated
budget: 3.5 billion dollar, about 100,000 employees) maintains a large
complex in Bad Aibling that is terra incognita to the German agencies.
By far, it is not just about the legitimate American safety interests.
In the midst of Germany, there is a control center for the many
American espionage sattelites that, according to a security expert in
Bonn, "long since do not only spy out the East".  The celestial bodies
of American origin circulating in close orbit suck in electronic
signals above Germany like a huge vacuum cleaner.  With encrypted
signals, Bad Aibling queries the memory of the satellites and searches
the collected phone conversations, faxes and computer traffic for
interesting stuff.
Until 1995 the site officially used the name of the NSA.  To keep up
appearances, then a US Air Force lieutenant colonel took over command,
the military flag is demonstratively fluttering in the wind.  But
still more than 1,000 eavesdroppers are working in the huge complex,
according to BND estimates.  Estimated 150 of them are directly from
the NSA that does the controlling and sets the tasks.
In spite of many inquiries, Hortensie III has strictly denied to
exchange all information from "non-military intelligence".  The BND,
they argue, can offer nothing of comparable value.
But it probably is more about not telling the Germans what they really
do.  If American and German security experts are right, European
companies are systematically spied out from Bad Aibling.
Years ago, US president Bill Clinton decreed American agencies to
larger commitment in economic espionage.  When the European airplane
giant Airbus Industries, of which Germany holds 37.9%, was competing
for a large Saudi Arabian contract with two US groups, the NSA
intervened.  It intercepted all faxes and phone conversations between
Airbus and the Saudis.  So, the Americans knew their opponent and
their offers were unbeatable - after all the orders valued at six
billion dollars.
While the British and French to a certain extend respect Germany's
souvereignty, the Americans, who had brought up the BND, behave like a
victor power.  They insist on supplementary agreements on intelligence
cooperation with "the allied forces".  Thus, the Germans must respect
"necessities of military safety" of Nato contingents here.  There is
much room for secretive manners in German territory.
In its "Westport" office in the East of Munich, the CIA until now
maintains a so-called inquiry office.  The Americans ask
asylum-seeking refugees and emigrants from whom they expect
informaition to come to Munich from all Germany.  Pro forma, the BND
is asked for endorsement, but the talks usually take place without
German participation, and the BND does not learn about possible CIA
The Americans are questioning deserted Russian soldiers, war refugees
from former Yugoslavia, and asylum-seekers from the Near East.  The
VIPs of them are offered asylum in the USA.  Even applicants from
overseas are brought to the experts in Munich for interrogation.
For a long time, German politics have ignored the activities of the
rogue agency.  In autumn 1994, the Chancellor's Office installed a
working group, strictly confidential of course, to get the American
and other friendly agencies under control.
Three ministries and three intelligence agencies were sitting at the
table, headed by Rudolf Dolzer, professor of international law, at
that time Head of Unit in the Chancellor's Office.  "What they are
doing here is not possible", Dolzer got exited.  "They must comply
with law and oder."
The group boldly planned to prohibit the Americans from interrogating
asylum-seekers without German participation, in Bad Aibling BND
specialists should watch the NSA, recruiting sources should be
prohibited.  After all - they concluded - espionage activities also
from friendly states are not politically protected.
In 1995, their will of protection suddenly vanished.  Distances
between meetings grew longer, finally the Chancellor's Office didn't
send out invitations any more.  Above all, the BfV that already had
created lists with names of suspicious agents was disappointed.
"Someone on the very top must have pulled the plug", someone from an
intelligence agency says.
It is dubious if the case of CIA agent Humphries will cause with the
Americans to change their policy.  At least, friendship with America
means a big deal to Helmut Kohl who does not consider the intelligence
business especially important.
The Chancellor is not even scared by the sinister NSA.  He does have
telephones that are guaranteed to be wiretap-proof.  Even when he is
on vacation at the Wolfgangsee [in Austria], the BND always installs a
device which not even the NSA can crack.  But the secure devices have
one important drawback: First the partner has to stop speaking before
you can speak yourself.
That is why the Chancellor to the displeasure of the security people
prefers the old telephone - a friend trusts a friend.
Thanks to anonymous.
For earlier reports on US spying in Germany:

@_date: 1997-03-20 04:20:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cell Phone Code Cracked 
For details of the crack see the cryptographers' press release at:    The New York Times, March 20, 1997, pp. A1, D2.
Code Set Up to Shield Privacy Of Cellular Calls Is Breached
By John Markoff
San Francisco, March 19 -- A team of well-known computer
security experts will announce on Thursday that they have
cracked a key part of the electronic code meant to protect the
privacy of calls made with the new, digital generation of
cellular telephones.
The announcement, intended as a public warning, means that --
despite their greater potential for privacy protection -- the
new cellular telephones, which transmit streams of digital
information in code similar to computer data, may in practice
be little more secure from eavesdropping than the analog
cellular phones, which send voice as electronic patterns
mimicking sound waves, that have been in use the last 15
It was such eavesdropping, for example, that caused trouble
for Newt Gingrich when a Florida couple listened to his
cellular phone conversation in December about the
Congressional ethics inquiry.
Now that digital wireless networks are coming into use around
the nation, the breaking of the digital code by the team of
two computer security consultants and a university researcher
confirms fears about privacy that were raised five years ago
when the communications industry agreed under Government
pressure to adopt a watered-down privacy technology.
Several telecommunications industry officials said the
pressure came from the National Security Agency, which feared
that stronger encryption technology might allow criminals or
terrorists to conspire with impunity by cellular phones.
But independent security experts now say that the code is easy
enough to crack that anyone with sufficient technical skills
could make and sell a monitoring device that would be as easy
to use as a police scanner is.
Such a device would enable a listener to scan hundreds of
wireless channels to listen in randomly on any digital call
within a radius ranging from 1,000 feet to a number of miles.
Or, as with current cellular technology, if a specific person
was the target of an eavesdropper, the device could be
programmed to listen for any nearby digital call to that
person's telephone number.
Other possible transgressions would include using the device
to automatically harvest all calling card or credit-card data
transmitted with nearby digital wireless phones.
And, because of a loophole in the Communications Act of 1934,
making and selling such devices would not be illegal, though
actually using one would technically be against the law.
These monitoring devices are not yet available, but security
experts said that a thriving gray market was certain to
develop. And with technical details of the security system
already circulating on the Internet instructions for cracking
it will almost certainly make their way into the computer
underground, where code breaking and eavesdropping are pursued
for fun and profit.
Technical details of the security system were supposed to be
a closely guarded secret, known only to a tight circle of
industry engineers. But the researchers performed their work
based on technical documents that were leaked from within the
communications industry and disseminated over the Internet
late last year.
"The industry design process is at fault," said David Wagner,
a University of California at Berkeley researcher who was a
member of the team that broke the code. "We can use this as a
lesson, and save ourselves from more serious vulnerabilities
in the future."
Communications industry technical experts, made aware of the
security flaw earlier this year, have been meeting to
determine whether it is too late to improve the system's
privacy protections. Already the digital technology is in use
in metropolitan areas, including New York and Washington,
where either the local cellular networks have been modified to
support digital technology or where new so called wireless
personal communications services are being offered.
"We're already in the process of correcting this flaw," said
Chris Carroll, an engineer at GTE Laboratories, who is
chairman of the industry committee that oversees privacy
standards for cellular phones.
But Greg Rose, a software designer for the Qualcomm Inc. a
leader in digital cellular systems said that fixing the flaw
would be "a nightmare." Tightening the security system, Mr.
Rose said, would involve modifying software already used in
the computerized network switching equipment that routes
wireless digital telephone calls, as well as the software
within individual phones.
Currently, about 45 million Americans have cellular phones,
though most of them so far are based on an older analog
standard that offers no communications privacy. But cellular
companies are gradually converting their networks to the new
digital standard, and the new personal communications services
networks going into operation around the country also employ
the digital encryption system. Nearly a million P.C.S. phones
have been sold in the United States, according to cellular
industry figures.
Besides Mr. Wagner, the other researchers who cracked the code
were Bruce Schneier and John Kelsey of Counterpane Systems, a
Minneapolis consulting firm. Mr. Schneier is the author of a
standard textbook on cryptography.
The new digital wireless security system, which was designed
by cellular telephone industry engineers was never intended to
stop the most determined wiretappers.
But because digital calls are transmitted in a format
corresponding to the one's and zero's of computer language,
they are more difficult to eavesdrop on than conventional
analog calls, which are transmitted in electronic patterns.
And digital calls protected with encryption technology --
basically a mathematical formula in the software that
scrambles the signal -- would be all the harder for a third
party to listen to surreptitiously.
Because the encryption system that the industry adopted in
1992 was deliberately made less secure than many experts had
recommended at the time, privacy rights advocates have been
warning since that the code could be broken too easily. An
announcement Thursday that the code has indeed been cracked
would seem to bear out those concerns.
"This should serve as a wake-up call," said James X. Dempsey,
senior staff counsel for the Center for Democracy and
Technology, a public interest group. "This shows that
Government's effort to control encryption technology is now
hindering the voice communications industry as well as the
data and electronic communication realm."
Industry executives acknowledged that steps must be taken to
address the problem.
"We need strict laws that say it is illegal to manufacture or
to modify a device which is designed to perpetrate the illegal
interception of P.C.S. telephone calls," said Thomas E.
Wheeler, president of the Cellular Telephone Industry
Association, a Washington-based trade group.
Mr. Wheeler said the weaker privacy technology had been
adopted not just to appease the Government but because makers
of wireless communications hardware and software wanted to
embrace a technical standard that would meet export
regulations. Those rules, based on national security
considerations, sharply curtail the potency of American-made
encryption technology.
The three computer researchers who broke the code belong to an
informal group of technologists who believe strongly that
powerful data-scrambling technologies are essential to protect
individual privacy in the information age. These
technologists, who planned to release their findings in a news
release on Thursday, argue that the best way to insure that
the strongest security codes are developed is to conduct the
work in a public forum. And so they are sharply critical of
the current industry standard setting process which has made
a trade secret of the underlying mathematical formulas used to
create the security codes.
"Our work shows clearly why you don't do this behind closed
doors," Mr. Schneier said. "I'm angry at the cell phone
industry because when they changed to the new technology, they
had a chance to protect privacy and they failed."
Mr. Carroll, head of the industry's privacy committee, said it
planned to revise the process for reviewing proposed technical

@_date: 1997-03-20 12:12:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI Wiretap Payments 
The FBI has published in the Federal Register today:
Implementation of Section 109 of the Communications Assistance
for Law Enforcement Act
AGENCY: Federal Bureau of Investigation, DOJ.
ACTION: Final rule.

@_date: 1997-03-20 18:38:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CTIA Downplays Code Crack 
(Bruce Schneier's rebuttal of this follows)
TITLE:	CTIA: Encryption of Digital Wireless Phones
SOURCE:	PR Newswire
DATE:	3/20/97 12:10 PM
                 CTIA:  Encryption of Digital Wireless Phones
    Today, a group of professional and academic cryptographers will announce
that it has "discovered a flaw in the privacy protection used in today's most
advanced digital cellular phones."  Following is a set of questions and
answers that arise from that announcement.
    Q.  Does this mean that eavesdroppers can listen in on my phone calls?
    A.  No.  The encryption discussed by the researchers involves the
algorithm used to encrypt numbers punched on the keypad of a phone, not the
algorithm used to encrypt voice transmissions.
    Q.  Is it easy to break this keypad number code?
    A.  Not at this time.  It involves very sophisticated cryptological
knowledge.  The digital encryption system now in use is designed to inhibit
interception by the unsophisticated.  Any technology developed by one person
can be broken by another with the application of sufficient technology.  This
announced attack requires multiple minutes -- up to hours -- of high speed
computer processing to break a coded message.
    0.  What is the impact of this announcement on people who now use
wireless phones?
    A.  Virtually none.  Approximately 95 percent of the wireless phones now
being used are analog phones, not digital phones.  The possible impact of this
announcement is only relevant to some digital phones that are now being
introduced to the market.
    Q.  Why didn't the wireless phone industry develop phones that have
unbreakable security?
    A.  Standards for phone technology are developed within the confines of
federal regulations and the realities of the marketplace.  A wireless phone is
a consumer product, not a spy v. spy technology adequate for national
security.  Such a unit would have cost, battery life and call set-up times
which would make it unacceptable to consumers.
    0.  Does this announcement have any impact on the industry's efforts to
stop phone cloning?
    A.  No. During the past year, the industry has been very successful in
introducing new technologies that prevent phone cloning.  These authentication
and "fingerprinting" technologies operate differently and are not compromised
by the cryptography announced today.
    Q.  What is the industry doing about this problem?
    A.  Tom Wheeler, the president and CEO of CTIA, testified before Congress
on February 5, about the need to strengthen the laws protecting the security
of wireless phone calls.  It is currently illegal to intentionally intercept a
wireless phone call.  Unfortunately, whereas federal law prohibits the sale
and manufacture of devices designed to eavesdrop on wireless calls, it does
not extend the prohibition to cordless phones and the newer digital
frequencies.  In regard to today's announcement, Wheeler said, "This is the
horse nudging at the barn door and it is time to act before the horse is gone
    CTIA is the international association for the wireless telecommunication
industry.  It represents more PCS and cellular carriers than any other
association in the world.
    INTERNET USERS.  News about the wireless telecommunications industry is
updated several times each day on CTIA's World Wide Web site
(  CTIA news releases and other information also are
available an WOW-COM.
    NOTE:  The cryptography researchers are Bruce Schneier, Counterpane
Systems, 612-823-1098; Robert Sanders, University of California, Berkeley,
510-643-6998; David Wagner, University of California, Berkeley, 510-643-9435;
and Lori Sinton, Jump Start Communications, 415-938-2234.
    CONTACT:  For more information, please contact Tim Ayers, 202-736-3203, or
Jeffrey Nelson, 202-736-3207, both of CTIA.

@_date: 1997-03-20 18:40:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Schneier Rebuts CTIA 
(Thanks to DAW for the CTIA and Schneier forwards)
Here's Bruce Schneier's press release rebutting the CTIA's assertions.
Forwarded message:
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Cellular Telecommunications Industry Association (CTIA)
issued a press release discussing our recent cryptographic break against
digital cellular phones.  Following is a correction of some of their
1.  While it is true that our paper did not discuss voice encryption, that
does not mean that the voice encryption system is any good.  As early as
1992 others -- including noted expert Whitfield Diffie -- have pointed out
fatal flaws in the new standard's voice privacy features.  The underlying
technology is the Vegienere cipher, broken by the Union Army during the
American Civil War.  One cryptographer was quoted in the July 1992
Communications of the ACM calling the voice privacy protection "pitifully
easy to break."  Certainly digital cellular is harder to eavesdrop on than
analog cellular--the latter just requires a scanner tuned to the correct
frequencies--digital cellular voice security can be broken in real time by
anyone with a little bit of budget, expertise, and desire.
2.  While our break did involve sophisticated cryptographic expertise, our
results have been published.  While we have no intention of publishing our
computer code, anyone able to understand our paper can implement our
attack.  It is not true that "any technology developed by one person can be
broken by another with the application of sufficient technology."  The
Telecommunications Industry Association (TIA) could have designed secure
algorithms to protect voice and messages; they chose not to.
3.  While it is true that our announcement does not affect most people
because they use analog phones, that is a misleading statement.  Analog
phones are even less secure; the whole point of digital cellular was that
it was secure.  This announcement affects both CDMA and TDMA cellular
systems, but not GSM systems.
4.  The phone industry did not develop phones with unbreakable security
because they chose not to.  It is possible, with today's technology, to
implement digital cellular algorithms in cellular phones without affecting
the phone's weight, power consumption, voice quality, or call setup.  It
takes more computer processing power to digitize the voice than it does to
encrypt the digital voice.
5.  It is true that our attack does not affect phone cloning.  The TIA put
more effort into preventing cellular fraud, because that directly affects
their bottom line.  Cellular privacy is much less of a concern, so they
didn't bother doing a good job.
6.  All the industry seems to be doing about this problem is releasing
misleading press releases in an attempt to pretend that nothing is wrong.
One moral of this story is that good security standards need to be
developed in the open.  The CTIA believed that keeping the details of their
security measures secret improved the security of the system.  This notion
works, as long as the details remain secret.  All good security systems are
designed to remain secure even if their details are made public.  To do
otherwise is naive and foolish, similar to creating recipes without ever
bothering to let anyone taste the food.
The CTIA also pointed to the need for legislation to make this illegal.
While important, this is not a solution.  Listening in on analog cellular
phones is illegal, but people do it all the time.  Stealing cars is
illegal, but Lojack is still in business.  We need to protect ourselves
with technology, not with legislation.  Laws are a quick fix for an
industry unwilling to devote resources to solving their problems.

@_date: 1997-03-21 05:50:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BXA on Crypto Plans 
Excerpt of BXA head William Reinsch statement on Goodlatte's
SAFEncryption Bill HR 695 on March 20, 1997:
The Administration has stated on numerous occasions that we do not support mandatory key escrow and key recovery. Our objective is to enable the development and establishment of a voluntary key management system for public-key based encryption. We believe the Administration's policy is succeeding in bringing key recovery products to the marketplace. Our attention is now turning toward how we can best facilitate the development of the key management infrastructure that will support those products. To that end, we will shortly submit legislation intended to do the following:
  Expressly confirm the freedom of domestic users to choose any   type or strength of encryption.
  Explicitly state that participation in the key management   infrastructure is voluntary.
  Set forth legal conditions for the release of recovery   information to law enforcement officials pursuant to lawful   authority and provides liability protection for key recovery   agents who have properly released such information.
  Criminalizes the misuse of keys and the use of encryption to   further a crime.
  Offers, on a voluntary basis, firms that are in the business   of providing public cryptography keys the opportunity to   obtain government recognition, allowing them to market the   trustworthiness implied by government approval.
Full statement:

@_date: 1997-03-21 07:47:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: UK TTP Paper 
Forward from Cyberia-L:
Making absolutely no comment on the subject of licensing of certification
authorities, you may be interested in a UK paper entitled LICENSING OF
TRUSTED THIRD PARTIES FOR THE PROVISION OF ENCRYPTION SERVICES - Public
Consultation Paper on Detailed Proposals for Legislation, March 1997.
You can obtain a full document at E. Michael Power
Secrtariat au commerce lectronique
Ministre de la Justice Canada
This paper links to David Herson, the reputed GCHQ spy who admitted the EU/FBI wiretap pact:
Information on any of the current TTP projects can be obtained from David Herson (DG XIII/7) at the European Commission (e-mail
david.herson at bxl.dg13.cec.be) or from the Commission Web site at

@_date: 1997-03-21 15:55:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: UK govt. to ban PGP (was Re: UK TTP Paper) 
There does appear to be a coordinated global action to issue policies on TTP, GAK and the like at this time. OECD is due to shortly release its crypto policy, as is the USG according to BXA.
The FBI issued its wiretap payment plan yesterday. Herson
publically admitted the EU-FBI wiretap pact.
All are apparently guided by The Wassenaar Arrangement amongst
two dozen or so countries to act in concert, and to go public with
dual-use controls in unison.
So, Clint Brooks' comment at CFP about a new policy coming out
for stronger crypto is a surely a harbinger of global GAK, in the
guise of TTP or Key Recovery, as was speculated here, and as
Rensch's statement to the House yesterday affirms.
It's a policy sure to appeal to nationalists and chauvinists: strong protection for a nation's interest and commerce with GAK; without
it no protection from predatory (rogue) nations (and criminals). But, as the Crypto AG engineer asked, "Who will protect us from NSA?"
And its predatory clients and contractors, the Germans and French and
others are asking, now that they are suffering the unilateral spying
of their highest tech "friends."

@_date: 1997-03-25 05:22:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BXA InfoSys Meeting 
Federal Register: March 25, 1997:
Bureau of Export Administration
Information Systems Technical Advisory Committee; Notice of
Partially Closed Meeting
    A meeting of the Information Systems Technical Advisory Committee
will be held April 15 & 16, Room 1617M-2, in the Herbert C. Hoover
Building, 14th Street between Constitution and Pennsylvania Avenues,
N.W., Washington, D.C. This Committee advises the Office of the
Assistant Secretary for Export Administration with respect to technical
questions that affect the level of export controls applicable to
information systems equipment and technology.
April 15
Closed Session 9:00 a.m.-5:00 p.m.
    1. Discussion of matters properly classified under Executive Order
12958, dealing with U.S. export control programs and strategic criteria
related thereto.
April 16
General Session 9:00 a.m.-12:00p.m.
    2. Opening remarks by the Chairman.
    3. Update on implementation of the Wassenaar Arrangement.
    4. Presentation on Hewlett-Packard Company key-recovery products
for the International Cryptographic Framework.
    5. Comments or presentations by the public.
Closed Session 1:00 p.m.-4:00 p.m.
    6. Discussion of matters properly classified under Executive Order
12958, dealing with U.S. export control programs and strategic criteria
related thereto.
    The General Session of the meeting is open to the public and a
limited number of seats will be available. To the extent time permits, members of the public may present oral statements to the Committee. Written statements may be submitted at any time before or after the meeting. However, to facilitate distribution of public presentation materials to the Committee members, the Committee suggests that public presentation materials or comments be forwarded at least one week before the meeting to the address listed below: Ms. Lee Ann Carpenter, OAS/EA MS: 3886C, Bureau of Export Administration, U.S. Department of Commerce, Washington, D.C. 20230.
Note: EO 12958 covers classified national security information:
     (100K)

@_date: 1997-03-26 12:37:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TEMPEST Doc 
We've digitized several chapters of the US Army Corps of Engineers "Electromagnetic Pulse (EMP) and TEMPEST Protection for Facilities."
   Pretty good specs for what to do outside the laboratory
to protect against compromising emanations (and rude nukes), many previously discussed here.
Reminder: Joel McNamara hosts the non-classified cornucopia:

@_date: 1997-03-27 04:10:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: OECD: No GAK 
The New York Times, March 27, 1997, pp. A1, D3.
   U.S. Rebuffed in Global Proposal For Eavesdropping on the
   Internet    By John Markoff
   In a setback for the Clinton Administration that
   demonstrates the difficulty of setting global policies for
   the Internet, the leading industrial nations have declined
   to embrace a United States proposal to allow computer
   eavesdropping by the world's law enforcement agencies.
   The United States proposal, backed by Britain and France,
   was an attempt to restrict the private use of increasingly
   advanced data-scrambling technology that can protect the
   privacy of electronic mail and other forms of computer
   communication. The equipment can make it difficult for law
   enforcement officials to crack a code when they suspect it
   is masking criminal or terrorist activities.
   The proposal called for international endorsement of a
   system in which mathematical keys to computer-security
   codes would be held by escrow agents from whom law
   enforcement officials could obtain the keys once they have
   a court's wiretapping warrant.
   But policy guidelines scheduled to be released in Paris
   today by the 29-nation Organization for Economic
   Cooperation and Development fail to endorse the United
   States proposal. And they leave such leeway for members to
   regulate data-scrambling technology--or not--that computer
   security experts say any uniform international policy
   remains elusive.
   "The difficulty with the guidelines is that anybody can
   interpret parts of them in their own way," said Konstantine
   Papanikdaw, a policy analyst for information security at
   the European Commission in Brussels.
   Indeed, the industrial world seems to be deeply divided on
   whether governments can ever legitimately eavesdrop on the
   electronic communication of their citizens. Because
   messages on the Internet are easy to intercept, a growing
   number of individuals and corporations are protecting the
   privacy of their communications and the security of their
   commercial transactions by scrambling such information.
   Some O.E.C.D. nations, including Britain and France, have
   either outlawed or are in the process of tightly regulating
   the private use of data-scrambling systems. But other
   nations--including Australia, Canada Denmark and
   Finland--have policies that protect individual privacy.
   Among other member nations, Japan had initially resisted
   the United States proposal but was said to be moving closer
   to it, while Germany remained deeply divided.
   Most other countries, inside or outside the O.E.C.D., have
   yet to confront the data-scrambling issue. And even the
   United States has a somewhat contradictory national policy
   that permits citizens to use whatever data-scrambling
   software they wish within the nation's borders, but
   restricts the export of the most up-to-date computer-coding
   technology.
   That seeming contradiction, however, did not prevent the
   Clinton Administration in recent months from waging a
   vigorous behind-the-scenes effort for its proposal. And
   hoping to resolve some of the policy conflicts, the
   Administration is now circulating draft legislation on
   Capitol Hill which would attempt to control even the
   domestic use of data-scrambling software and establish a
   key-escrow system for the United States.
   While the O.E.C.D. has no authority to set international
   policy, its recommendations are frequently used by member
   nations in setting their own foreign and trade policies.
   And the privacy and law-enforcement aspects of the Internet
   are issues on which member governments have been desperate
   for guidance.
   But even though most of the O.E.C.D. discussions involved
   law enforcement officials, who have been the main advocates
   for measures that would insure their ability to crack
   codes, European officials say that there was never much
   agreement on what to do.
   And so the primary recommendation in the report, a copy of
   which was obtained by The New York Times, simply gives
   O.E.C.D. member nations the latitude to do as they see fit
   when it comes to data scrambling, which is formally known
   as cryptography.
   "National cryptography policies may allow lawful access to
   plain text, or cryptographic keys, or encrypted data," the
   report says.
   Privacy-rights advocates see the O.E.C.D. guidelines as a
   critical setback for the Clinton Administration. "The U.S.
   proposal to endorse lawful access to private keys was
   explicitly rejected by the O.E.C.D. member countries," said
   Marc Rotenberg of the Washington-based Electronic Privacy
   Information Center and a member of the O.E.C.D.'s advisory
   group. "The O.E.C.D. chose instead a policy based on
   voluntary, market-driven development of cryptography
   products."
   And even supporters of the United States position
   acknowledged that guidelines were a disappointment.
   "The United States probably had more success raising
   consciousness then getting language that could he treated
   as an endorsement for key recovery," said Stewart Baker, a
   former National Security Agency official who participated
   on the American delegation to the O.E.C.D.
   Meanwhile, executives for the United States computer
   industry were critical of the O.E.C.D. for even leaving the
   door open for governments to set national policies on data
   scrambling.
   "We think that markets, not governments, should be the
   primary determinants of technology solutions," said Jon
   Englund, a vice president at the Information Technology
   Association of America, a trade group.
   Many experts question whether governments can ever hope to
   insure law enforcement access to electronic messages or to
   restrict the spread of super-strong coding software,
   because new, more powerful versions can always be developed
   and easily transmitted over the Internet in the blink of an
   eye.
   And any international effort is almost certainly doomed if
   some countries refuse to go along with a common approach,
   because people looking for strong encryption can simply
   acquire it wherever the laws are lax. In fact, the big
   German company Siemens A.G. recently introduced an
   encryption system that it advertises as being much more
   powerful than American companies can export under United
   States law.
   Besides the United States, France and Britain both support
   a system for enabling law enforcement officials to obtain
   keys to data-scrambling codes. France has already passed a
   stringent law that requires participation in such a system,
   although the rules to carry out the law have not yet been
   worked out.
   And in recent days, Britain has quietly circulated the most
   restrictive proposal of any nation, a domestic policy under
   which the Government would allow private use only of
   cryptography that was officially licensed, to make sure
   that the software uses code that law enforcement officials
   can crack.
   Under such laws, of course, criminals and terrorists might
   logically choose to use unauthorized encryption software.
   But the mere fact that such use would be a crime may be a
   deterrent--or give the police grounds to arrest anyone
   whose communications were indecipherable.
   In Germany, encryption remains a deeply divisive issue. The
   Interior Ministry has supported the need for encryption
   restrictions of some sort, but the Justice Ministry and the
   Economics Ministry have both signaled their opposition. And
   German businesses have been outspoken opponents against any
   new restrictions on data scrambling.
   Meanwhile, United States export restrictions have been a
   boon for Brokat Informationssysteme G.m.b.H., a
   two-year-old start-up company in Boblingen, Germany. Brokat
   supplies secure electronic transaction software for banks
   like Deutsche Bank and on-line services like America Online
   in Europe.
   One of Brokat's hottest products is the Expresso Security
   Package which essentially adds strong encryption to the
   World Wide Web browsers and Internet server software sold
   by two of the largest American software companies--
   Microsoft and Netscape Communications.
   [End]

@_date: 1997-03-27 16:33:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FCC Internet Paper 
As summarized below the FCC has issued a long
paper: "Digital Tornado: The Internet and Telecommunications
Policy." To supplement the FCC's PDF and WordPerfect versions
we've converted it to HTML:
     (270K; 189K images)
News Release --  March 27, 1997
DIGITAL TORNADO:
THE INTERNET AND TELECOMMUNICATIONS POLICY
FCC Staff Working Paper on Internet Policy
     The FCC's Office of Plans and Policy (OPP) today released a staff
working paper analyzing the implications of the Internet for the
FCC and telecommunications policy.  OPP Working Paper No. 29,
"Digital Tornado: The Internet and Telecommunications Policy," was
written by Kevin Werbach, Counsel for New Technology
Policy.  OPP periodically issues working papers on emerging areas in
communications; these papers represent individual views and are not an
official statement by the FCC or any FCC commissioner.
     "Digital Tornado" represents the first comprehensive assessment of
the questions the Internet poses for traditional communications policy.
A central theme running through the paper is that the FCC, and other
government agencies, should seek to limit regulation of Internet
services.  In framing his approach, Werbach states: "Because it is not
tied to traditional models or regulatory environments, the Internet
holds the potential to dramatically change the communications
landscape.  The Internet creates new forms of competition, valuable
services for end users, and benefits to the economy.  Government policy
approaches toward the Internet should therefore start from two premises:
avoid unnecessary regulation, and question the applicability of
traditional rules."
     After providing an analytical framework to understand the forces
driving Internet growth, and describing the Internet's development and
architecture, the paper addresses three primary areas:
     CATEGORY DIFFICULTIES
     Policy and legal questions arising from the fact that Internet-
     based services do not fit easily into the existing classifications
     for communications services under federal law or FCC
     regulations.
     PRICING AND USAGE
     Policy questions arising from the economics of Internet
     access, including assertions by local telephone companies that
     current Internet pricing structures result in network
     congestion, and arguments by Internet service providers that
     telephone companies have not upgraded their networks to
     facilitate efficient transport of data services.
     AVAILABILITY OF BANDWIDTH
     Regulatory and technical issues affecting the deployment of
     technologies promising to enable high-speed Internet access to
     the home and to businesses, including the implications for the
     Internet of the FCC's role in promoting universal service.
     The paper is available on the FCC World Wide Web site,
.  The file is available for online viewing in
PDF (Adobe Acrobat) format at
    or for downloading in WordPerfect format at
   Copies may also be purchased from International Transcription
Services, Inc., 1919 M Street, NW, Room 246, Washington, DC
20554, (202) 857-3800.
  -FCC-

@_date: 1997-03-27 20:19:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: OECD: No GAK 
I assume that the draft KRAP legislation at CDT Peter Junger cited here is what Markoff refers to:
   Anyone know of other KR/TTF drafts in the US, UK, FR, JP, AU or elsewhere
among the 29 signators of Wassenaar?
The Wassenaariors have a wider ambition than the OECDistes.

@_date: 1997-05-01 23:58:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Nations Cannot Terrorize 
NYT reports today on the State Department's new "1996 Patterns of Global Terrorism:"
   "By the State Department's definition, nations cannot
   commit terrorism, only "subnational groups or
   clandestine agents" who carry out "politically
   motivated violence" against innocents. If a nation's
   air force bombs civilians that is not terrorism; if
   civilians blow up a plane, it is."
For full DoS report:
     (202K)

@_date: 1997-05-02 04:40:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ECR_ypt 
Two news reports on Big Bro e-cards:
1.  E-Pass -- a UK product that is both smart card and PC,
will have one or more screens, and hopes to dominate the global government and business market for 2. Proton -- Belgium's cartel card, the mostly widely
used device to en-SAFE Belgians, and a candidate
to be recruited by Visa or MasterCard or Mondex or Halliburton or Armadillo US/UK/AUS.
And a report on a speed demon crypto card from Eracom
in AU, which claims to be "the world's first PC-based PCI bus cryptographic processor which can punch through
cryptographic traffic at up to 30 times the speed of ISA bus

@_date: 1997-05-06 22:50:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: (fwd) Cell Phone Cancer Study 
As follow up to the Stewart Fist report on new findings
of cell-phone hazards, the Jerusalem Post says that
the report is causing alarm in Israel -- where cell-phones
are heavily used -- and that the government intends to investigate. Motorola et al are hunkered.
The scientific study is in the journal "Radiation Research,"
Volume 147, Number 5, May 1997:
      Michael H. Repacholi, Antony Basten, Val Gebski, Denise    Noonan, John Finnie and Alan W. Harris
   "Lymphomas in Emu-Pim1 Transgenic Mice Exposed to Pulsed    900 MHz Electromagnetic Fields" (p. 631)
However, there is not an on-line version, unless someone knows
of it elsewhere. What say the cellular folks here to this story?

@_date: 1997-05-07 01:14:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CALEA Comments 
The FBI has published today in the Federal Register
industry comments and its responses to Section 104(d) of the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act, 2nd Notice of January 14, 1997, and requests
additional comments:
     (33K)

@_date: 1997-05-07 20:06:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IBM's New Algo 
The New York Times, May 7, 1997, p. D5.
   I.B.M. Researchers Develop A New Encryption Formula
   By Laurence Zuckerman
   I.B.M. plans to announce today that two of its researchers
   have come up with a new computer encryption formula that
   they say is nearly impossible to crack.
   The International Business Machines Corporation said that
   the breakthrough was still a long way from being employed
   outside the lab and that it did nothing to resolve the
   running dispute between the computer industry and the
   Federal Government over whether law enforcement agencies
   should be given access to encrypted communications. But it
   could ultimately help reduce the vulnerability of so-called
   public-key encryption, which is the favored security method
   used to safeguard commerce and privacy on the Internet.
   "They've made a big advance," said Joan Feigenbaum, a
   researcher at AT&T Labs in Murray Hill, N.J., who is
   familiar with the work of the two computer scientists who
   developed the system, Miklos Ajtai and Cynthia Dwork of
   I.B.M.'s Almaden Research Center in San Jose, Calif.
   "Scientifically, this is a big step in the right
   direction."
   But Bruce Schneier, a computer security consultant in
   Minneapolis and author of a standard textbook on
   cryptography, dismissed the news.
   "Theoretically it is important, but as a security
   breakthrough there is nothing new," he said.
   In public-key encryption, the sender of an electronic
   communication uses software that automatically scrambles
   the information by incorporating a publicly known numerical
   key. Decoding the scrambled transmission requires a private
   key, a number supposedly known only by the recipient.
   The security of the system depends, among other things, on
   how difficult it is for an electronic eavesdropper to crack
   the code using a powerful computer. If some of the codes
   that are generated by the system are difficult to break but
   others are easy, the system is inherently weak. I.B.M. said
   that its new system was the first to generate hundreds of
   codes at random, each of which is as difficult to crack as
   the hardest instance of the underlying mathematical
   problem.
   The system is based on a problem that has defied solution
   by mathematicians for 150 years, I.B.M. said.
   Mr. Schneier said that the cryptographic formulas now in
   use were already robust enough. The biggest challenge, he
   said, is creating security systems in the real world that
   are not vulnerable to hackers.
   "Cryptography is a lot more than math" he said.
   [End]

@_date: 1997-05-08 00:35:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: AWK_war 
Wash Post reports today on a NSA intercept of
a "secure communication" between two Israeli
spooks discussing a top US official spying for
The FBI opened an investigation in January.
Israel denies the claim.
Crypto is not mentioned, only that the Hebrew
conversation was "awkwardly" translated.
The intercept was withdrawn after 12 hours from
the distribution list due to FBI's dismay at its

@_date: 1997-05-08 02:48:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Microsoft Provocateur 
The New Yorker of May 12 has a long profile by Ken
Auletta on Myhrvold, "The Microsoft Provocateur":
"For a decade, Nathan Myhrvold, Bill Gate's corporate gadfly, has been writing copious, bombastic, brilliant,
and confidential memos for his boss. To read them
is to understand a lot about Microsoft -- and the future."
  (56K)

@_date: 1997-05-08 03:13:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Paper on IBM's New Crypto 
For the paper describing IBM's new public key algorithm by
Miklos Ajtai and Cynthia Dwork of IBM's Almaden Research
Center in San Jose, California:
   ftp://ftp.eccc.uni-trier.de/pub/eccc/reports/1996/TR96-065/index.html
IBM's press release on it:

@_date: 1997-05-08 06:19:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: (fwd) Cell Phone Cancer Study 
Thanks for critiquing this sensitive topic.
The 11-page paper was published by Radiation Research, as noted here, whose editor is at Oak
Ridge National Lab, if that offers credibility.
Radiation Research's Web site shows an impressive
range of credentials of scientists in the field, perhaps superior, if more specialized, to that of Science and Nature, both which oft times suffers the chancres of
promiscuous sci-populuxitis.
Best is to see the report for oneself. A copy is available for US$30.00 by fax. Request by calling the publisher at (423) 574-5874. Or E-mail to:
   Radiation Research
   Biology Division
   Oak Ridge National Laboratory
We've had a layman's look and cite the authors' final
cautionary paragraph:
"This is not to imply that any humans at all are necessarily
at increased risk of cancer as a consequence of exposure to RF fields. No single experiment on animals can allow such
a conclusion. Rather, we believe the study reported here
indicates a need for further research. Tumorigenesis in
genetically predisposed mice may provide a useful assay
for interactions between RF fields and biological systems. With the current rapid expansion in the use of RF fields
for telecommunications, a reliable assay is required to
enable a better assessment of limits to safe levels of
human exposure."
Send more money or die, sucker, the "responsible" scientist's clanging alarm, eh?

@_date: 1997-05-08 06:49:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GAK Spreads, FRB Smirks 
A news report today that 22 new members have joined
the Key Recovery Alliance, now 61 total. A meeting
in Toronto on April 24-25 reviewed committee
reports on key recovery prospects for "facilitating
the wordlwide use of strong cryptography."
And, two Federal Reserve economists claim that
smart cards and E-cash have a ways to go to
compete with well-tested and trusted paper bucks.
No, they smirk, these views do not protect the FRB's
central bank hegemony.
Both reports at:

@_date: 1997-05-09 08:15:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Kerrey on His Crypto Bill 
Senator Kerrey's office faxed a transcript of his remarks
today on his new encryption bill:
     (23K)

@_date: 1997-05-09 09:26:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Mega Death 
White House press briefing May 8:
             Q    Mike, Attorney General Reno today confirmed that the Justice Department is investigating the possibility of a high-level Israeli spy in the U.S. government.  How is it going to impact relations with Israel at this point?
             MR. MCCURRY:  No comment on that subject.

@_date: 1997-05-09 19:56:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EAR Revisions 
BXA has published in today's Federal Register a final
rule for revisions and clarifications to all Parts of the EAR. Encryption is affected.
     (123K)

@_date: 1997-05-10 04:13:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Admin Feigns Back Off On Crypto Bill 
News report today:
   Reinsch told reporters that strategy will be to follow advice
   he has been given and not to circulate Administration draft
   bill. Issue is so polarized, he said, that that bill would be
   dismissed quickly, and some of its content that lawmakers
   might want to adopt also would be rejected because it came
   from Administration. Reinsch said it's close call, and
   Administration is reevaluating its tactics constantly. This seems to coordinate with Kerrey's initiative to lump
all crypto bills into one "acceptable to the leadership
and the White House."
   BTW, another report claims that proposed new regs will allow banks the special privilege of strong crypto if they come up with an acceptable KMI within two years.
This seems to be what Kerrey means when he says NSA's
Crowell is working with industry to develop an acceptable
KMI along the lines of what government is preparing for
its own use.
All interests to be subservient to the Number One interest?

@_date: 1997-05-10 10:59:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Kerrey's Crypto Bill 
Thanks to Declan McCullagh we offer Senator Kerrey's
outline of his encryption bill, The Secure Public Network Act:
     (12K)

@_date: 1997-05-11 08:02:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Intel for the War Underway 
The May 10 Economist has a special survey of
global electronic commerce.
It's a timely piece of battlespace intelligence for Tim's "war underway."
It pinpoints financial soft target CyberPromos receiving favorable crypto treatment by the world's governments
to manage the Net.
Eric Hughes is featured in its analysis of the birth or death struggle of digital cash -- the key battle,
if you will, of breaking the global banks and ranks of centralized information.
A battle underway in the US by the TLAs, the Key Recovery Alliance and the ABAs of the banks and the lawyers aiming for supremacy -- domestic and global --
by managing ever-thinning wallets.

@_date: 1997-05-11 11:33:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Uncontrolled Munitions List 
On Tim's war underway:
It is not McVeigh's type of ANFO-munitions that threaten
the legal-financial-governmental interests but the uncontrolled
munitions available to wage war on public policy, commerce, legislation, funding, regulation, intelligence, surveillance and law enforcement.
There has been an astonishing range of such munitions discussed on cypherpunks in the three years I've been around, and there's much more in the archives (handily collated in Tim's Crypto is central, to be sure, but hardly the only munition, as
many often remind.
Indeed, it is noteworthy how many of the broad range of these
potentially destructive munitions are not regulated by the EAR
and other regimes.
As with chemicals, explosives, bio-organisms, mathematics, physics,
it takes highly skilled people to advise the regulators on what
needs control and when, and not just the finished weapon, but its
components and sub-components. (As an example, see ATF's latest list of explosives:  )
The war underway is often waged at secret councils of scientific
information and intelligence used by all government and
military agencies (meetings are listed in the Federal Register,
regularly reported on jya.com).
So it is not the known terrorist-munitions that are worrisome; it's
the ones not yet publicized but known to scientists, warfighters and
keepers of secrets who keep their fingers crossed and plan for
the worst -- say, the President's Commission on Critical Infrastructure
Protection ( ).
It would be instructive to post here uncontrolled munitions available for the war underway, with comments on how to elude control of the burgeoning domestic and global regimes.
I'd like to host a running Uncontrolled Munitions List (UML) on jya.com.
To be sure, some of that information might be submitted by remailer
or prudently encrypted. Use my public key if no other suits:
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1997-05-11 11:39:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: List of Explosives 
The correct URL for the latest ATF list of explosives:

@_date: 1997-05-13 02:35:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cryptography Forum 
Forward from Cyberia-L:
Cryptography Forum
May 22, 1997 at 7:00 p.m.
Association of the Bar of the City of New York
22 West 44th Street, New York City
Interested persons are invited to attend.  No fee or
reservation is required.
TITLE OF PROGRAM:
Guns, Ammunition and Cryptography: Is the Government's
Policy on Digital Encryption Creating a Crisis?
A moderated panel will discuss issues raised by the
Government's policy on cryptography.
Charles R. Nesson, Professor, Harvard Law School
Jim Bidzos
President and CEO, RSA Data Security, Inc.
Scott Charney
Computer Crime Unit, Department of Justice
Kenneth W. Dam
Professor, University of Chicago Law School; Chair,
National Research Council Committee to Study National
Cryptography Policy
Dorothy E. Denning
Professor, Computer Science Department, Georgetown
David J. Farber
Professor, Computer and Information Science and Electrical
Engineering Departments, University of Pennsylvania
Marc Rotenberg
Director, Electronic Privacy Information Center
Sponsored by the Committees on Computer Law, Civil Rights,
Science and the Law, and Symposia, of the Association of
the Bar of the City of New York
For additional information, e-mail jzammit at fulbright.com or
dcohen at bway.net

@_date: 1997-05-14 04:10:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Public Key Break Paper 
In early April we posted a message which referred to
William H. Payne's paper "Public Key Cryptography is
Easy to Break."
Mr. Payne has provided the 1990 5-page draft paper along with other documents, which we've added to the file
   The paper is part of several attachments supporting
Mr. Payne's charge against Sandia National Laboratory. Other documents in the file help explain why the paper is sensitive to SNL and perhaps to NSA.

@_date: 1997-05-14 09:39:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 96 Wiretap Report 
We offer the text and three summary tables of the
U.S. Courts "1996 Wiretap Report" at:
     (36K)

@_date: 1997-05-14 11:10:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 96 Wiretap Report 
We could find no listing of E-mail intercepts in the
tables, so it's not clear what the summary was
referring to beyond stating that "electronic mail"
was included under "electronic intercepts" along
with digital display pagers, voice pagers, and
cellular phones.
The tables list intercept information under two categories:
Type and Place.
1. Phone Wire
2. Micro-Eavesdrop
3. Electronic
4. Not Reported
1. Single-Family Dwelling
2. Apartment
3. Multiple Dwelling
4. Business
5. Roving
6. Other
"Other" is further listed as:
Cellular/Mobile Phone
Closed Circuit TV
Digital Display Pager
Garage/Parking Lot
Hotel Room/Motel Room
Mobile Home/Trailer
Pay Phone
Pen Register
Social Club
We found only a single instance where the "place" was
a computer.
BTW, the 193-page printed report is available free from
the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts. Telephone: 202-273-2156.
Web site: Folks there were quite helpful, so it's possible that you
might get E-mail intercept details from them by
requesting it. If you do, let us know, quick!

@_date: 1997-05-14 20:05:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RSA v. PGP Complaint 
Thanks to Vin McLelland we offer the text of the
complaint of RSA v. PGP:

@_date: 1997-05-15 01:48:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Public Key Break Paper 
"All cryptologists are rightly paranoid, they break the rules of the
game and lie to hide how it's done." -- Anonymous.
For what it's worth, it was Sandia who disclosed Payne's
public key break paper, not him. He's suing SNL for privacy His suit of DoE and NSA is about being fired for refusing to carry out illegal work which craven colleagues jumped to do.
William Payne could be the Bellwether of spilling the dark
national lab secrets unless, ahem, he gets his million
dollar settlement. I say good luck to him and the others
fighting the secret-hoaders.
Payne's dispute with Sandia and NSA shows once again how the
gatekeepers of top secrets manipulate those who work on
classified projects:
Lure the best and brightest with flattering invitations to
join prestigous secret work. Require high-penalty NDAs for participation.
Invite to work on repugnant projects, and if refused, fire
for insubordination or other pretext ("displeasing the
customer" or "to protect national security").
Then, destroy careers by precluding ever again working on
classified projects.
Finally, stigmatize the victim and publicize to frighten
other workers into subservience.
This entrapment into fearful servitude happens repeatedly in
high affairs of state: Oppenheimer, Snepp, McGee, Halperin,
and so on. There are dozens of current pending cases at DoE,
CIA, NSA and the like in the US, and many more in other
To be sure, wisely obedient government workers will never
have to cry "help me, my former colleagues are attacking, I
did nothing wrong."
Still, it seems that there must be ritual sacrifices of the
innocent, as Shirley Jackson wrote in "The Lottery," to
expatiate collective guilt, any innocent will do -- "for all
are equally guilty," so the gods and secret-keepers hyper-
guiltily smirk.
Who's next to exaptiate the guilt of the mega death national
and university labs? Surely not Hallam-Baker or Crisp?
Or, as Tim suggests, how about sacrificing the secret labs (and black-chip fabs)? There's a bill before Congress to
redo the NLs, but why dawdle when there's a surefire

@_date: 1997-05-15 06:13:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RSA v. PGP Complaint Correction 
Due to a transmittal error the latter half of the RSA v. PGP
complaint was omitted from our offering this morning. The full complaint is now available at:
       (21K)

@_date: 1997-05-15 06:46:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DoJ on Bombmaking Info 
We offer:
   "Report on the Availability of Bombmaking Information,
   the Extent to Which Its Dissemination Is Controlled
   by Federal Law, and the Extent to Which Such
   Dissemination May Be Subject to Regulation Consistent
   with the First Amendment to the United States
   Constitution
   Prepared by the United States Department of Justice As
   Required by Section 709(a) of the Antiterrorism and    Effective Death Penalty Act of 1996.
   Submitted to the United States House of Representatives    and the United States Senate
   April 1997"
       (193K) This relates to the proposed "Feinstein Amendment" of the AEPDA. It covers in detail what kind of speech is permissable now and what language for the amendment should be to close gaps. A fine distinction is traced between "teaching"
the use of terrorist and mass destruction weapons and "advocating" them. Or something like that -- I am a jailhouse

@_date: 1997-05-15 09:37:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The E-Bomb 
Dave Emery has pointed to an article, "The E-Bomb - a Weapon of Electrical Mass Destruction," which
describes the work being done on EMP weapons.
The piece is at Infowar.com, but we've borrowed
a copy to put at:
     (93K + excellent diagrams)
It may help explain that unearthly blast in the Aussie
Outback discussed here a few weeks ago. Someone suggested HAARP as an explanation, and another hinted at other godawful research being done that similar to what the genius Tesla was doing early in the century to shatter the planet and fry the sky, and now, it seems, coming true.

@_date: 1997-05-15 10:05:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BXA Docs 
BXA has published two short crypto-related docs, both dated May 8, 1997.
William Reinsch's testimony on Goodlatte's bill:
   Press release on Reinsch's ABA talk about the new regulations for financial transactions:

@_date: 1997-05-15 20:30:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NIST Crypto Notices 
Two May 13 Federal Register notices by NIST:
NIST is planning to develop a FIPS for Public-Key Based Cryptographic Key Agreement and Exchange. This notice solicits comments regarding techniques for consideration
specifically including RSA, Diffie-Hellman, and Elliptic Curve
techniques. This standard will be for use in designing and implementing public-key based key agreement and exchange systems which Federal departments and agencies operate or which are operated for them under contract. More than one algorithm may be specified, consistent with sound security practices, to enable Federal departments and agencies
enhanced flexibility in the design, implementation, and use of
cryptographic systems.
     (6K)
NIST is planning to develop a proposed revision to Federal
Information Processing Standard 186, Digital Signature Standard. This revision would specify additional public-key based digital signature algorithms (in addition to the Digital Signature Algorithm [DSA]) for use in designing and implementing public-key based signature systems which Federal departments and agencies operate or which are operated for them under contract. The purpose of the revision will be to enable
Federal departments and agencies greater flexibility, consistent with sound security practices, in the design, implementation, and use of public-key based digital signature systems.
     (6K)

@_date: 1997-05-20 09:54:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell News 
John Painter, the Oregonian reporter of Jim Bell's
arrest, said this evening that he's got another
story coming out tomorrow that will reveal more
of the situation, and that he'll fax a copy (which I'll post unless Alan does).
Mr. Painter says:
Jim's still in the Tacoma, WA, federal jail. There was
a prelim today and a hearing is due Friday.
The feds are keeping the case documents sealed.
Speculates that someone may be squealing on Jim in a deal.
Jim cannot receive calls but can call out collect.
A U.S. Federal Defender has been assigned to represent Jim: Peter Avenia, tel: 253-593-6710. Mr. Avenia did not return a call.
The U.S. District Court Judge is J. Kelly Arnold. Court Clerk is Kelly Miller, tel: 253-593-6313.
The Oregonian's telephone: 1-800-452-1420.
A man at Jim's home politely said he did not want to talk about it. Tel: 360-696-3911.

@_date: 1997-05-21 01:58:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell 2 
The Oregonian, May 20, 1997, Metro Section P-1:
   IRS says suspect discussed sabotage
      An affidavit says a Vancouver man arrested Friday talked of
      sabotaging Portland's 9-1-1 computer and Bull Run water
   By John Painter, Jr., of the Oregonian staff
   Vancouver, Wash. -- A Vancouver man arrested Friday by Internal
   Revenue agents discussed sabotaging the computers in Portland's
   9-1-1 center and talked about using a botulism toxin to contaminate    the Bull Run water supply, a federal agent said Monday.
   James Dalton Bell, 38, appeared Monday afternoon in U.S. District
   Court in Tacoma and was accused in an 18-page affidavit of scheming
   to overthrow the U.S. government.
   U.S. Magistrate J. Kelly Arnold set Friday for a detention and
   preliminary hearing. The government has asked that Bell be held
   without bail because he is a danger to the community.
   Bell, who describes himself as a libertarian, has a history of tax
   disputes with the IRS, which says Bell "has a large, outstanding unpaid
   balance."
   Bell is the author of "Assassination Politics," a 10-part essay about a
   risk-free way of rewarding assassins who successfully kill designated
   public officials. The essay has circulated on the Internet.
   The strategy, which Bell says he wrote and posted for discussion,
   involves uses of encryption to predict and confirm assassinations and
   electronic digital cash to pay for the killings.
   Federal agents raided Bell's Vancouver home April 1.
   He is accused of obstructing government officers and employees and
   using false Social Security numbers. But government agents think he
   is far more dangerous than the charges suggest, the affidavit filed by
   IRS Inspector Phillip G. Scott said.
   Scott's affidavit said Bell, who has a chemistry degree from the
   Massaschusetts Institute of Technology, had discussions about using
   carbon fiber particles to attack computer systems with Greg Daly, a
   friend who is an electronics specialist overseeing Portland's 9-1-1
   communications center.
   "Daly stated that he and Bell had 'laughed' about attacking the 9-1-1
   center with fiber," the affidavit said.
   Daly also told IRS agents that he had hypothetical discussions with
   Bell about contaminating water supplies and about making botulism
   toxin from green beans, the affidavit said.
   In the April 17 and 18 interviews with IRS agents, Daly said that as part
   of his job, he "has keys and direct access to the Portland Bull Run
   water treatment facility."
   Daly said Monday that the conversations that he and Bell had were
   merely "intellectual fun-and-games discussions" between old friends
   who enjoy technical things.
   "There's a difference between reasonable freedom of speech and
   unreasonable probability of attack," Daly said. "Standing around and
   flapping our lips about how it would be funny is way different from
   even contemplating actual attack."
   Daly described his friend of 15 years as a "bit of an odd unit" but never
   dangerous and never serious about attacking the 9-1-1 systems or the
   Bull Run watershed.
   "I'd rat him out in a heartbeat for that," Daly said.
   Thursday, IRS agents searched the home of Robert East, a merchant
   radioman and a friend of Bell's. Among items seized was 3-foot length
   of carbon fiber.
   The affidavit said East told agents that he and Bell had discussed "the
   possibility of putting the fibers down the air vents of a federal building"
   to kill its computers and about using the fiber against the IRS.
   However, Bell has described himself as a "man of ideas, not action,"
   and East said Bell was a "talker, not a doer."
   [End]
   Thanks to John Painter.

@_date: 1997-05-21 21:41:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: New FinCEN Rules 
FinCEN has published today in the Federal Register
three inter-related proposals for new rules for the Bank Secrecy Act Regulations:
1. Changes in the scope and type of transactions to
be regulated, including, say, micro payments and
and electronic transactions such as stored value cards.
2. Changes in the reporting requirements for suspicious transactions and the types of institutions to be regulated, including "money services establishments."
3. Changes in requirements for reporting currency transactions, and setting a new floor at $750 (as reported recently in the news).
     (79K)
     (69K)
     (63K)

@_date: 1997-05-21 22:55:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Oregon Intel (Inside GAK) 
5-21-97, PR Newswire:
New Cryptanalysis Course Announced by NTI One Day
Course for Corporate, Military and Law Enforcement Computer
Specialists Covers Issues in Cryptography and Cryptanalysis
Gresham, Ore., May 20 -- NTI today announced a one day class which gives corporate, military and law enforcement MIS personnel a
state-of-the-art grounding on the topics of computer
cryptography and cryptanalysis. With materials developed by
Eric Thompson, one of the world leading experts in this field,
attendees will receive instruction in the technological and
procedural elements of cryptanalysis. Unlike other sources of
information on the topic, this presentation covers the analysis
of existing commercial applications and their weaknesses. This course joins NTI's other courses in forensic computer
science. The forensic courses covers state-of-the-art
information regarding computer evidence processing,
evidence preservation and the identification of relevant data. "This class in cryptography grew out of requests for more
information on encryption from our forensics course
attendees. The course is highly focused and is presented with
state-of-the-art materials," stated Michael R. Anderson, the
President and co-founder of NTI, "and it covers material that
has historically not been presented from a practical
perspective. Computer and data security are rapidly becoming
a top priority as organizations become increasingly aware of
their vulnerability to information attack and encryption is a
vital part of reducing that vulnerability." Topics covered in the NTI cryptography course include:   Cryptographic terms and lexicon   Basics of crypto system design   Isolating cryptographic weakness in commercial systems   Cryptography in electronic commerce   Cryptography in Internet security applications   International issues in cryptography and secure applications   The Future of Cryptography and Cryptanalysis "Eric Thompson, our senior cryptographer, developed the
materials used in the presentation of this unique course,"
continued Anderson. "Eric is a world class cryptographer,
highly respected in both commercial and government
cryptography circles. In this class he brings to the topic at
hand real world, practical experience that has helped a
majority of government agencies deal with encryption issues."
Courses are regularly scheduled for presentation at the NTI
headquarters in Gresham, Oregon, and at conference facilities
throughout the United States; custom courses can also be
scheduled for presentation at corporate or government sites.
Attendance is $995 per person and includes all course
materials, luncheon and a certificate of completion. NTI (New Technologies, Inc.) is a world leading developer
of software utilities, procedures and training for computer
forensics and enterprise system security. Founded in 1996 by
a group of internationally recognized experts on computer
forensics and security issues, the company is privately held
with headquarters in Gresham, Oregon and field offices in
Eugene, Oregon; Provo, Utah, and Atlanta, Georgia. Visit NTI's Internet web site at  SOURCE New Technologies Inc. 503-674-9145, or E-mail: info at secure-data.com/ New Technologies, Inc. 2075 Northeast Division Gresham, Oregon 97030 USA
503-661-6912 or (fax) 503-674-9145
Forensic and Encryption Training
3 Day Oregon Training Schedule: May 20-22, June 24-26, July 22-24, Aug 19-21, Sept 16-18, Oct 21-23
Law enforcement and military agencies have been involved in processing computer evidence for years. The founders of NTI were instrumental in the creation of the training courses in the field of Forensic Computer Science that have become the international standard for evidence processing world wide. They developed the first computer evidence courses at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center and created the original training courses and certification for the International Association of Computer Investigative Specialists. These founders have also been
instrumental in developing password recovery software which deals with the breaking of security associated with a majority of the commercial word processing, spread sheet and database software applications. In addition, a majority of the computer evidence processing tools used by law enforcement and military agencies were developed by the founders or employees of NTI.
With the creation of NTI, corporations and government agencies now have access to forensic information and tools which can be used in the identification of computer security risks and in
internal investigations. NTI will also continue to support law enforcement and military agencies by making state-of-the art training and automated forensic tools available at discounted rates. For security reasons, our training courses and forensic software tools are only made available to law enforcement agencies, government agencies, large corporations and consultants who
work with large corporations and/or government agencies.
Applied Cryptography & Cryptanalysis
NTI has three full time cryptographers employed in its Utah offices. Our file encryption software is developed in that facility and Eric Thompson is our senior cryptographer. Eric's credentials are
mentioned elsewhere in our web site. However, it is safe to say that he is one of the top cryptographers in the world and has broken the security associated with most commercial applications that feature encryption or password protection. We rely upon Eric and his team to
teach these courses at the sites of sponsoring government agencies and corporations.

@_date: 1997-05-21 23:21:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Mil-LE Forensic Tools 
Free downloads:
Forensic Tools
The FILTER Forensic Tool:
This program is used to remove binary (non alpha-numeric) characters from computer data. This program has been used internationally by military and law enforcement agencies for years and was donated to the law enforcement community by one of our founders back in 1991. Once a file has been processed with this program the content can be printed and viewed with more traditional types of programs, e.g. word processors. This program should not be confused with NTI's intelligent filter program. ...
The NTIDOC Forensic Tool:
This program is used to essentially take an electronic snap shot of files and subdirectories that have previously been identified to have some evidentiary value. It is a documentation tool. The program automatically creates documentation that can easily be printed, viewed or merged into forensic reports. The original program entitled DOC has been used for years by military and law enforcement computer specialists and has previously been donated for that use by the founders of NTI. ...
The SPACES Security Review Tool:
This program is very simple. It creates one or more files that contain nothing but spaces. To be exact, every file created by this program will contain 10,000 spaces. Such output is ideal in the evaluation of encryption patterns to determine security weakness. Our forensic training courses and cryptography courses cover this concept in detail. MICRO-ID Computer Theft Prevention Software:
This software is used to mark computer hard disk drives with computer ownership information. Once a computer has been marked it can be identified by police should it be recovered as stolen property. The program that reads the ownership information is called COP-ONLY and as the name implies the program is only distributed to local, county and state law enforcement agencies. ...

@_date: 1997-05-22 04:46:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PKP-Lemcom License Agreement 
Thanks to John Gilmore we offer the 1992 License
Agreement between PKP and Lemcom Systems filed
as an exhibit in the RSA v. PGP suit:
     (41K)

@_date: 1997-05-23 00:23:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Key Recovery War 
A couple of news reports on the Key Recovery
critique by Blaze et al from NYT and C|Net:
   Both cite Reinsch of BXA's counter-critique.
And another report on Sybase getting BXA
approval for export of 56-bit crypto without
key recovery. However, it's only for data storage
not communication. The story also reports that
Sybase will be allowed to export 128-bit
crypto with a key recovery plan.
   And, baiting another barb, Senator Kerrey has entered the outline of his crypto bill in the Congressional Record, along with a statement on natsec and commerce and privacy need:
   So the Administration seems to be tickling the market, sending up balloons, wet fingering the air, pulling head out, and so forth, to see who might be induced to
succumb to the strategem of bait-and-bribe, trot-line eager minnows of ga-ga commerce in the national
interest, ahem, like those survivalist national labs,
Bell Labs, Lincoln Labs, Mitres, SAICs, and, their
patrons at National Security councils, departments of commerce, defense, state, energy, justice, et al.
Tim and Blanc are right, it's no holds barred Dual-Use
Civil-National Security War for the nation's goodies, no matter what fur's feigned to outfox the hounds and poachers and encroachers.
It would be swell if the NLs truly competed with industry,
but not likely with all those federal advisory groups
eyeing and spying and lying each other.

@_date: 1997-05-23 10:53:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: V-Chips for the Internet 
A White House press briefing today describes Clinton's
plan for providing V-chips for parents to control childrens'
access to the Internet. Technology is being developed for that purpose.
                   MS. LEWIS: It's our understanding, and we just checked
this with people at the White House who know much more about technology than all of us put together, that there is in fact technology being developed that would serve as the equivalent of a V-chip for the
Internet, and we think that's what the President referred to.
                Q Clinton has talked before about giving parents ways to
protect their children on the Internet, but has he ever before suggested
the idea of a V-chip for the Internet?
                MS. LEWIS:  Not that we know of, but we know -- as is
clear, I think, from his wording, he is aware that the technology has
been developing.
End quote.

@_date: 1997-05-24 02:10:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYC Crypto Forum 
Ray Arachelian taped the Cryptography Forum at the
Association of the Bar of the City of New York
last evening and will share once its transcribed.
In the meantime:
TITLE OF PROGRAM:
Guns, Ammunition and Cryptography: Is the Government's
Policy on Digital Encryption Creating a Crisis?
Charles R. Nesson, Professor, Harvard Law School
Matt Blaze, Co-author of Risks of Key Recovery paper.
(short-notice invitee)
Lynn McNulty (ex-NIST now RSA) filling in for Jim Bidzos
Scott Charney, Computer Crime Unit, Department of Justice
Kenneth W. Dam, Professor, University of Chicago Law School
Dorothy E. Denning
David J. Farber, University of Pennsylvania
Marc Rotenberg, EPIC
Nesson asked the audience (about a hundred), "How many use encryption?" Over half raised hands. "Wow!" he said, "If I asked that of a law class at Harvard, maybe two or three hands would have been raised."
Nesson then posed to the principal question: "Is the government's
policy on cryptography creating a crisis?"
Dam, Denning and Charney said no. Other panelists said yes.
The audience by show of hands was about evenly split.
There was intense discussion among the panelists but no change in position.
Some highlights:
David Kahn, in the audience, reaffirmed his support for
key escrow, stating that it would not change the current
legal provisions for electronically snooping, and why ask for more privacy than is now authorized.
Blaze summarized the KR risks paper and pointed out the
enormous expense of designing, implementing, operating
and securing a global key recovery system -- which, as he
ironically smiled, could make cryptographers and crypto-corps rich. That such a system might make security weaker by offering fewer choice targets to attack -- the key repositories.
Blaze reminded that encryption will become pervasive in
all electronic systems, not just communications. That it must
be robust and untamperable or more and more crucial systems will be vulnerable to attack. And, the more complicated the
security provisions the more likely they will fail.
Farber stated that time was being wasted on KR debate while
the nation's infrastructure remained immensely vulnerable to
electronic attack. He said that with six students he could shut
the system down in "a few days, with, say, spoof E-mail to key
administrators." That ITEF is working on a next-generation
system to prevent that, but meanwhile there is great risk.
McNulty reaffirmed industry's position that other countries will
develop robust encryption if the US does not allow export.
Charney responded by pointing out that the administration seeks global commitment to key escrow among governments, and asserts they will comply for the same reasons the USG wants it. He said, for example, that countries may allow development of strong crypto but, like the US, will not allow export. He cited Japan's refusal to allow NTT's 128-bit export, and said Russia will surely
not allow the export of the Sun/Elvis product. Same for France, Germany, and so forth.
There was audience derision when Charney noted that the US must
do as the Russians and Chinese and French do to control crypto.
Interestingly, Charney did not cite The Wassenaar Arrangement, although Dam pointed out how difficult it was to reach agreement on the COCOM predecessor and enforce compliance with it.
Nesson summarized Charney's position by saying, "do you mean
that key escrow would do no more than help you catch criminals
too stupid to use unescrowed crypto?" Charney nodded, and said
that "nearly all all criminals we catch by electronic surveillance
talk openly about being surveilled but do nothing about to
avoid it."
Nesson reiterated: "Do you mean that you want a system to catch
stupid criminals while the nation's infrastructure is left
vulnerable?" Charney, "That's not the right way to put it."
Denning gave examples of her recent survey of law enforcement
for examples of crypto use to hinder investigations.
Finally, Dam noted that encryption policy was a different task
than implementing encryption systems. That the detailed understanding
of those who follow the encryption debate is not shared by the
public nor by most officials. That agreement upon policy will
require greater education for those who could not care less about
the complications and subtleties being debated.
An auditor queried: There seems to be agreement that encryption will work best when it is totally transparent to users, and the sooner that is devised the better. Why not just get on with it,?
Blaze shook his head at this cluelessness, howled at the ceiling,
sprouted fur, bared teeth, leaped Dave Farber, went for Charney's
jugular, clawed Denning. Kahn and the suited audience ran screaming into the safe streets of Manhattan, while shaggy coders roared,
"Kill, kill, kill the infrastructure-fuckers."

@_date: 1997-05-24 03:03:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYC Crypto Forum Add 
A supplement to the NYC Crypto Forum:
Toward the end Nesson asked, "How about the missing
participant here, NSA?"
Several panelists noted, "NSA's here, in the audience."
(Nonesuch spoke, however.)
Nesson went on to ask, "What about national security
interests outweighing the right to privacy?"
It was here that David Kahn offered his defense of key
Farber and others responded that the problem is that
the government is not trusted, that guards against
abuse of power have not worked, that national security
too often has been a cloak for illicit actions.
Here, an audience member said that he worked at Salomon
Brothers doing traffic analysis of vast E-mail, and that we
should be aware that more electronic snooping is going on than most people know. How could we be sure that law
enforcement would not similarly abuse systems set up to
catch criminals for other purposes, as NSA allegedly does, and, now using the same methodolgies, as private companies do to spy on employees, customers and competitors.
All panelists nodded at this, that it's hard to tell god from
the devil, and crypto won't help.

@_date: 1997-05-24 08:02:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Complaint 
We offer the May 16 complaint against Jim Bell:
   The complaint draws upon previous search warrants at Greg Broiles's site:

@_date: 1997-05-24 09:41:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Complaint 
True, if that's what the friends actually said, and if they were
not induced to do so by being fed lethal information: don't
go down with Bell, protect yourself, spill your guts.
Recall that John Painter spoke to one or more of them
and they hedged the remarks of the complaint, but he,
too, saw the makings of a deal in the affadavit's allegations.
Turning friends against friends is pretty common in
investigations, using threats and promises of relief
from possible charges, even saying that your friend is
squealing on you.
I was struck by how similar some remarks attributed to
Bell were to those attributed to McVeigh, not that they
were not made, but that the investigators chose to
select just those to indicate lethal intent. The possible link between the McVeigh trial and Jim Bell's bust could indicate how the feds are itching to attack
every advocate of anti-gov mayhem (no pun Tim).
The IRS searching the Internet for incriminating advocacy is a warning of what's to come, as often predicted here.
Time to study and ponder the 1st Amend -- which, by the way,
Matt Blaze did at the NYC crypto forum last night to challenge
Charney and Denning. Matt pulled out a copy and cited
it, which may be a good indication of what he knows that
we don't about what's coming.

@_date: 1997-05-24 10:20:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Complaint 
We missed deleting one cite of Jim's "true" SSN
in the complaint, which has now been done. Those
who got early copies, consider ***-ing the num.
'Course, IRS may have faked it, too.

@_date: 1997-05-26 01:20:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Policy Paper 
We offer a paper distributed at the recent NYC crypto forum, "Private Groups and Public Policy: Cryptography and the National Research Council," by Kenneth Dam, professor of law at the University of
Chicago, a panelist at the forum, and chair of the NRC panel which produced the report "Cryptography's Role in Securing the Information Society," May, 1996.
     (63K)
Professor Dam recounts the impact of the NRC report
on the Administration's encryption policy as an example
of how private groups help shape public policy.

@_date: 1997-05-29 21:47:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Wassenaar Arrangment 
Thanks to Greg Broiles's FOIA effort and Lucky Green, we offer the first US public release of:
   The Wassenaar Arrangement -    List of Dual Use-Goods and Technologies    and Munitions List, July 1996
   This is the 200-page document Greg previously
announced here which lists in minute detail the
wide range of goods and technologies to be restricted by arms and trade export controls.
The Wassenaar Arrangement succeeds COCOM as
the arms control regime signed by 33 nations.
Cryptography is covered in Category 5 - Part 2:
   Which may be compared to the Australian version:

@_date: 1997-05-30 07:35:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Disputes 
For full versions of the stories below:
        For two years, the IETF Security Group has labored to
     hammer out the IP Security (IPSec) protocol, a standard way
     that businesses can open up an encrypted link to a trading
     partner's network. The link is encrypted after authentication
     by means of an X.509 digital certificate at an IPSec-based
     firewall or gateway.      But an unresolved, bitter dispute over the technique for
     automatically swapping keys over the 'Net - referred to as
     key management - has resulted in two incompatible schemes
     in the IPSec specification.
     In this battle of the acronyms, the debate centers on the
     Simple Key Management for IP (SKIP), developed by Sun
     Microsystems, Inc., and the Internet Secure Association Key
     Management Protocol (ISAKMP), developed by the National
     Security Agency.      Responding to Sun's announcement that it would license
     128-bit encryption algorithms from Elvis+Co., a Russian
     company, the White House announced that it would look into      Sun's actions.      "Sun's strategy is another brick from a wall that is coming
     down," said Jim Bidzos, president and CEO of RSA Data
     Security. "And it highlights that something is wrong with the      U.S. policy."      Sun has approximately a 10 percent equity stake in Elvis+,
     whose product is based on Sun's publicly available protocol,
     Simple Key Management for IP (SKIP). The 10 percent
     interest is thought to be key to keeping other companies from
     licensing and reselling the same technology.      The government's resolve, however, may be breaking down.
     Just last week, Sybase Inc. won approval to export database
     and server products with 56-bit DES encryption, even though
     the Emeryville, Calif., company has no model for key
     recovery.      SKIP, which stands for Simple Key management for Internet
     Protocols, was submitted by Sun to the Internet Engineering
     Task Force as an Internet standard. Included in SKIP E+ are
     algorithms for 56-bit DES, two- and three-key triple DES,
     and 64- and 128-bit ciphers for encrypting network traffic
     and keys.      The security software was developed by Elvis+, a company
     of former Soviet space scientists with offices near Moscow.
     Sun bought a 10 percent interest in the company in 1993, but
     does not take an active role, said Steven Hunziker, chief
     operating officer of Russia Communications Research Inc.,
     Los Gatos, Calif. RCR represents Elvis+'s products in the
     U.S.      "RCR is really small - me and an accountant and two
     lawyers - and they watch the law like hawks," Hunziker said.
     "Elvis+ has kept a very careful distance from Sun, and those
     guys don't need anything from Sun to create the technology
     they're creating. The FBI and the CIA are just lazy, which is
     why they object."      "We've developed key recovery technology and gotten
     government approval, so we can export without having to
     resort to what they did," said Ken Mendelson, corporate
     counsel for Trusted Information Systems Inc., Glenwood,
     Md.      VeriFone today announced that its Secure Electronic Transaction      (SET) -based product suite has received export approval from the      US Department of Commerce, marking the first announcement
     of a SET-based, end-to-end Internet commerce solution
     containing full strength encryption technology to be approved
     for international export.      VeriFone's vGATE, vPOS and vWALLET software employ
     the SET encryption protocol for transactions over the
     Internet, utilizing 1024 bit key size for public key encryption
     and digital signatures, and 64 bit DES for bulk encryption.
     This approval enables VeriFone to offer a higher level of
     end-to-end encryption than was previously available from
     U.S. corporations to international customers without special
     permission from the U.S. government.      IBM last week took the first steps to help software vendors      comply with federal encryption export rules, with the      release into beta of a new security tool kit.

@_date: 1997-05-30 22:20:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Bible Code 
Published today with great fanfare, "The Bible Code"
describes the fruits of three Israeli mathematicians in
decrypting hidden messages in the Bible by textual
analysis algorithms. Blurbs claim that the work passed
peer review for publication in a math journal a few
years back, was confirmed by "a US Defense Department
code-breaker" and predicted the assassinations of
JFK, RFK, Sadat and Rabin.
The NYT reported on the fanfare a few days ago and
quoted some who claimed that the Israelis' claims were
examined and faulted when first published, that the book's bunkum, and that if enough analysis is done on any text, any message can be found -- holy writs being perdurable candidates.
Even so, are any here familiar with the Israelis' work?
Better, is this book the first of many to come to celebrate the
cook-ups of codes and cyphers and algorithmic chefs? Is a film in the works, or, best, a Seinfeld of 0s and 1s?

@_date: 1997-06-01 03:45:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Seismic Data Authenticator 
Bill Payne has provided his 1992 Sandia report:
   "Data Authenticator for the Deployable Seismic    Verification System"
Marked "For Official Use Only."
The 185-page paper describes in fine detail the
design, data security and fabrication (with photos and technical drawings) of the third generation authentification
device for verfiying seismic data in connection with the nuclear weapons control-START treaties with the USSR.
The paper also cites deficient cryptographic algorithms provided by NSA for the device.
      (98K)

@_date: 1997-06-01 06:43:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Rotenberg as the Uber Enemy 
Lucky's right on Bell's undue incarceration. There's more to the story than tax avoidance. Declan perhaps should look beyond the government's citations of law to examine the other allegations of intent to harm federal officials which did not receive substantiating cites.
The affidavit which prompted Jim's arrest was a potpourri of disingenuous spleen and bile and unintentional humor.
This appears to be another instance of the USG patchworking public menace and phlegm (the Kallstrom syndrome) when it's in its self-preservative and -promotional interest to do so. As Tim and cie often note, the syndrome's fountainhead is DC and world centers of ambitious regulators, enforcers and
promoters for "public security." Which is fast replacing national security, via dual-use sleight of hand, as a career Counterterrorism is the fastest growing governmental subculture at the moment, and no longer aimed overseas. Secret laws,
courts and committees are burgeoning, anticipating that the
public cannot be trusted to protect itself against the enemy
within, ahem, the Beltway.

@_date: 1997-06-01 09:51:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Summit on Cyber-Terrorism 
May 31, 1997, Asahi Evening News
Summit leaders to combat cyber-terrorism
World leaders will agree to take measures against a new high-tech element of terrorism--attacks on host computers--at the June 20-22 Denver summit, officials involved in the preparations said Friday. As part of countermeasures against cyber-terrorism, further joint efforts to control the spread of computer encryption technologies will be reaffirmed, they said. Concerns over terrorist attacks on computers and the need for heightened international efforts will be added to the 25 specific counterterrorism recommendations that Japan, the United States, Britain, Germany, Canada, Italy, France and Russia adopted at a ministerial meeting in Paris last July. For full, brief article:

@_date: 1997-11-01 21:35:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BXA Agenda 
BXA has published its semiannual regulatory agenda
scheduling the issuance of export rules for encryption,
dual use technology, Wassenaar implementation, communications intercept devices, and, a new one (to me), controlling access to source code by foreign nationals, among other banes.
     (60K)
Here's the abstract for GAK:
   604. LICENSING OF, AND EXPANSION OF NATIONAL SECURITY    AND FOREIGN POLICY CONTROLS ON, RECOVERABLE    ENCRYPTION SOFTWARE
   Abstract: This rule will amend the Export Administration Regulations by    imposing enhanced national security and foreign policy controls on    certain recoverable encryption to supplement the national security    controls on those items. This rule will also amend the EAR to exclude    recoverable encryption software from the de minimis provisions for    exports from abroad of foreign-origin software incorporating U.S.-
   origin software. In addition, this rule amends the Commerce Control    List by adding ECCNs to control recoverable encryption software    transferred from the U.S. Munitions List.
FIM, all departments of the USG are required to pulished twice
yearly (April and October) regulatory agendas for implementing rules devised to breed FAL outside GovBot and LAM within.
See compendium of all agendas published October 29 under
"Unified Agenda" at:

@_date: 1997-11-02 21:15:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: What Will Revolution Look Like? 
Warmaking is ever changing in response to the last wins
and losses. However, winners are less likely to change than losers, for why change a successful formula,
publish it, or a well-spun dissimulation.
As ever, unknown forms of war are in gestation, being
tested and debriefed, in military institutions and
wargames, in business, in education, in the amorphous
culture at large through legal competition and crime
and their variable gray areas where fair and unfair,
civilized rules and their breaking, are ever in grim and vicious dispute.
While there are piles of studies on organized and
guerilla wars of the past, the most provocative are
those that attempt to describe what's coming, how
to recognize its early warnings and what can be done
to head it off or, more likely, advance it.
The highest warmaking art is winning without physical
fighting, to outfox the enemy by demoralizing, by demonstrating that attack is futle, that there is no chance of defeating a superior force. That's why military exhibitionism and psy war is reputed
among military and political leaders to be as vital as that of brute force, as best exemplified by the Cold War 50-year stalemate and psychological "win-win" to
a status of Cool War.
To get a handle on what's in store, imagine that completely unbelievable methods of warfare, overt and covert, are being concocted now, composed of strategies, tactics, warfighters and armaments never before used -- and will not be revealed and understood until too late for defense. Try to forget everything you know about warfighting, crime fighting, conflict resolution, rules of engagement,
black operations, guerilla tactics, hiding among the people. Assume the enemy knows everything you know and
more, is better armed and smarter than you, has more spies among your supporters and in your most intimate Imagine that your toilet, your bed, your fridge, your car, your is triggered to explode by radio or your computer by
your password.
Consider that there will be no time to reflect and reconsider when things go catastrophically wrong and the
enemy is unrelenting attacking with inhuman viciousness, when you're defenses are crumbling and weapons failing,
when mates are squealing, dead or run away, when you can't stop shitting yourself, when your legs are buckling, when your minds racing out of control, when you're begging god
and mom for mercy and the upraised axe is descending, the
barrel back of head is firing.
Remember that who the enemy is is no secret to either side, on whichever side you're on, and presume that the emeny is more ready and able to cook your goose than you are theirs.
What actual war carnage teaches, what the current civil war in the US is showing, is what the TV-sofa war does not: nobody wins, ever, except the mindfuckers who've never gone
berzerk in combat or in the jobplace, killed friend and foe to save own asses.
You only win wars by never having to fight them, those started by weakling cowards unable to steal, cheat and lie well enough to satisfy their demonic lusts.
Best to outsmart the enemy in war, work and love, so that what you're up to is revealed only years later if ever. For
the best won wars are never known at the time, no parades,
no medals, no glory, no war stories, no memorial cemeteries
and monuments, no veteran hospitals filled with carrion, just peace and tranquility shooting deer, harpooning dolpins,
rip-tearing the landscape for profligate cowboy wargames
riding homicidal freeways.
We're all gonna lose our civil war in market place killings and road rage, thanks to today's warfighting lesson in free fire criminal enterprise by those who've never been shot and
shot and shot, and lost for good -- the vainglorious winners,
the losers desperate to regain glory days.

@_date: 1997-11-04 19:52:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Pet Bog Crypto Ban 
As a strategic bank shot for banning domestic use of encryption the US FBI and Fish and Wildlife Service have declared the pet Bog Snatch Algorithm a terrorist threat:
     (134K)
B. Overutilization for Commercial, Recreational, Scientific, or Educational Purposes
    The bog turtle is a target for pet collectors due to its rarity in the wild, distinctive coloration, and small size. Take (primarily illegal) both for the national and international commercial pet trade industry has occurred for many years. Collecting is a significant factor in the species decline and is an ongoing threat to its continued existence in the wild (Anon. 1991; Earley 1993; David Flemming, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, in litt. 1991; Herman 1990; Klemens in press; Stearns et al. 1990; Tryon 1990; Tryon and Herman 1990). During the last 5 to 10 years, an increasing number of bog turtles have been advertised for sale, and prices have increased substantially. The increase in price most likely reflects the increase in demand for the turtles; the increase in demand increases the threats to the wild populations (Tryon and Herman 1990).
    Atlanta Zoo personnel reported that from 1989 to early 1991, over 1000 bog turtles were exported to Japan. These figures differ significantly from CITES data and represent a significant amount of unreported illegal trade (Anon. 1991). The World Wildlife Fund recently listed bog turtles as among the world's top 10 ``most wanted'' endangered species (Earley 1993). According to Alan Salzburg, President of the American Turtle and Tortoise Society, the bog turtle is considered the most prized turtle in the United States, and when bog turtle locations become publicly known, they are exploited by collectors within 1 year (Laura Hood, Defenders of Wildlife, in litt.     Due to the threats facing bog turtle populations, the Society for the Study of Amphibians and Reptiles adopted a resolution calling for the prohibition of collection from wild populations (Stearns et al. 1990). Due to the small size of existing populations, and the low reproductive and recruitment potential of this species, the removal of even a few breeding adults can do irrevocable damage to a population (Tryon 1990). Collecting has been a factor in the reduction or extirpation of several bog turtle populations in Delaware (Anon. 1991), Maryland (Anon. 1991; Smith, in litt. 1994), Massachusetts (Anon. 1991), New Jersey (Farrell and Zappalorti 1989; Zappalorti, pers. comm. 1994; Zappalorti, in litt. 1997), New York (Breisch, in litt. 1993; Breisch et al., in litt. 1994; Collins 1990; Behler, in litt. 1997), and Pennsylvania (Ralph Pisapia, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, in litt. 1992; Zappalorti, in litt. 1997). Many sites in these States have suitable habitat, but have much-reduced bog turtle populations, probably due to collecting.
    Throughout the bog turtle's entire range, States regulate take through classification of the species as endangered (in Connecticut, Delaware, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, and Virginia) or threatened (in Georgia, Maryland, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee), yet trade continues.
    Illegal trade is difficult to detect due to the questionable origin of turtles being offered for sale. Bog turtles are often ``laundered'' through States which either do not have native populations (e.g., West Virginia, Florida, California), or through States which have inadequate protection of their own bog turtle populations (Charles Bepler, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, in litt. 1993; Breisch, in litt. 1993; Michael Klemens, in litt. 1990). For example, in recent years dealers have claimed West Virginia as the State of origin for bog turtles; however, there is no evidence to support the contention that the bog turtle occurs in that State (Dennis Herman, Project Bog Turtle Coordinator, in litt. 1997; Tom Thorp, North Carolina Herpetological Society, in litt. 1997). Hatchling and juvenile turtles marketed as ``captive-born'' are usually offspring from gravid adult females illegally brought into captivity and held until they deposit eggs. The eggs are then hatched in captivity, and the captive-born (but not captive-bred) offspring are then marketed or retained (Bepler, in litt.     A few specific instances of illegal bog turtle collecting and trade are reported below:
    (1) An undercover officer purchased eight bog turtles from a person who had collected them near Lancaster, Pennsylvania. Also, two additional bog turtles were recovered from persons who had gotten them from friends allegedly in the New York area (Bepler, in litt. 1993);
    (2) An individual from New Jersey was arrested for bringing bog turtles from New Jersey to Florida and selling them as captive-born. It is suspected that he collected about six turtles per year over a period of several years (Bepler, in litt. 1993);
    (3) A reliable source in New York reported that over 2000 wild-
caught bog turtles were shipped to Japan in a 2-year period (Murdock, in litt. 1990);
    (4) Researchers found several turtle traps and a much-diminished bog turtle population at an important bog turtle site in Pennsylvania (Pisapia, in litt. 1992);
    (5) In 1993, a New Jersey resident purchased 47 bog turtles in Florida, and since 1984 had also bought 20 additional bog turtles. This individual supposedly has an active breeding program for bog turtles (Terry Tarr, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, in litt. 1993);
    (6) When confronted in a New York wetland, an individual claiming to be a birdwatcher revealed the contents of the cloth bag he was carrying--a bog turtle and spotted turtle (Paul Novak, New York Natural Heritage Program, in litt. 1990);
    (7) A reliable source reported seeing approximately 60 bog turtles at the Ohio residence of a person who frequents reptile shows. Based on the physical appearance of the bog turtles, they were not captive-bred (Scott Smith, Maryland Department of Natural Resources, in litt. 1996);
    (8) Bog turtles have been available at the major Herpetological Expo in Orlando, Florida for the last 2 years (Herman, in litt. 1997; Thorp, in litt. 1997); and
    (9) Bog turtles were observed in several Florida dealerships in 1996, although they have not been openly advertised for sale (Herman, in litt. 1997).
    The general consensus among bog turtle researchers, nongame biologists, and law enforcement officials is that illegal collecting is occurring at a much greater rate than detected or reported (Anon. 1991; Breisch, in litt. 1993; Flemming, in litt. 1991). Bog turtles are already extremely low in numbers throughout much of their range, and any additional take could eliminate marginal populations and hamper survival and recovery efforts.
    Protecting existing sites for bog turtles can pose a threat when these specific sites are revealed and publicized. In addition to the threat of collection for the pet trade industry, collection of bog
turtles for exhibition at nature centers is also a threat (Anon. 1991).

@_date: 1997-11-06 20:32:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Mitnick Rings Bell 
6 November 1997, Digital Cellular Report:
 U.S. government takes hard line on Mitnick. US Hacker Pleads for Help  A US 'hacker'- Kevin David  Mitnick - has issued a plea for financial help to  fight his defence case through his lawyer, Donald  C Randolph of Santa Monica,  USA. Through Randolph, Mitnick is claiming that the US government is
seeking to  make an example of him for the possession of unauthorised cellular access
codes.  The issue is particularly important in the North American market where
analogue,  rather than digital cellular, is the norm.  In one of the most amazing claims, Mitnick claims to have been kept in solitary
 confinement for 23 hours a day, naked in a freezing air-conditioned cell
for eight
 months and led to the showers in chains. Perhaps the most puzzling aspect
to the
 whole case is the fact that while the US government has never sought to prove
 that Mitnick profited from his 'hacking' activities - although he could
certainly have
 done so by 'selling' stolen airtime to third parties. Instead they claim he
 losses in excess of $80 million. Kevin certainly appears to be paying the
price for
 his nefarious deeds having already spent nearly two years in custody during
 time he has been prohibited from any access to wireless communications
 equipment, computer hardware or computer software. It's difficult to know
 exactly which side is the more paranoid since Mitnick is claiming that his
fate is
 part of a deliberate US government plot to divert scrutiny away from its plans
 concerning the control and regulation of both telecommunications and the
 The case would seem to present a most powerful argument for the US to switch
 more swiftly over to digital cellular where 'hacking' is far more difficult.

@_date: 1997-11-07 23:46:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Totally Unbreakable VME 
News report Nov 7, 97:
AT&T, Hewlett Packard, Intel Corporation, Dell Computers, and many other leading computer corporations have been added to the challenge list by Meganet Corporation. The challenge started last week with Bill Gates, now some of his peers have an opportunity to validate or discredit the bold claim that Meganet's VME (Virtual Matrix Encryption) is totally unbreakable. Unbreakable encryption is the only answer to security in our electronic world. This is graphically illustrated by the recent report from the National Security Agency
reporting the open market availability of a $10 chip that can test up to 200 million keys per second. The 56-bit key, government and banking standard, can be compromised in twelve (12) seconds with brute force using ASIC
(Application-specific Integrated Circuits) chips. Meganet has the answer with its new VME (Virtual Matrix Encryption). The impenetrable VME also has extreme speed, much faster than any existing program available today. Major computer companies are already starting discussions to acquire the rights to market this incredible new data encryption system. More information about this
exciting new technology can be found at: Hmm, wonder if it has impenetrable GAK and CAK options.

@_date: 1997-11-09 04:08:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Senator Ashcroft on Encryption 
[Congressional Record: November 7, 1997 (Senate)]
[Page S11959]
                         ENCRYPTION
  Mr. ASHCROFT. Mr. President, I wanted to take a moment to associate myself with the comments of the majority leader from October 21, 1997. Senator Lott has correctly highlighted the FBI's constantly shifting arguments and the Bureau's seemingly relentless attempts to grab more power at the expense of the Constitution, particularly the fourth amendment's protection of privacy and the fifth amendment's guarantee of due process.
  The FBI legislative proposal goes far beyond the Commerce Committee's misguided encryption legislation in further disregarding our Constitution. Instead of working with those who understand that S.909 gives the FBI unprecedented and troubling authority to invade lives, the FBI has attempted to grab even broader authority. The Senate would be foolish to pass S.909. In no way can we even consider the ill-advised FBI approach. The reach of the FBI has now extended so far that the President has taken the other side of the issue and supported a free market approach, according to his public comments delivered   I can only conclude that the FBI has introduced its proposal as a ploy to make S.909 look like a reasonable compromise. The only other explanation for the FBI's proposal is that the Bureau will not be satisfied with S.909, but instead will continue to work to erode our Constitutional protections. In fact, the new proposal only draws attention to the many problems of the Commerce Committee language. Neither proposal is acceptable.
  The issue of encryption must be revisited in a real and serious way next year, both at the committee level and in the Senate chamber, to examine the many Constitutional implications of the various proposals. I look forward to working with the Majority Leader and other Senators who have expressed interest in encryption legislation.
  I yield the floor.
See Senator Lott's comments on encryption:

@_date: 1997-11-09 06:11:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Mathematician Sidney Darlington Dies 
NYT obit November 8:
Sidney Darlington, a Bell Labs mathematician who pioneered
the design of electronic circuits and whose formulas helped
launch rockets 300 times without error, died on Oct. 31 at his
home in Exeter, N.H. He was 91.
At Bell Labs, in Murray Hill, N.J., where he headed the mathematics research center, Dr. Darlington was ranked
alongside his colleague Claude Shannon for breakthroughs
in communications networks that foreshadowed the integrated
circuit and in turn computers and modern communications.
Dr. Darlington's discovery of ways to custom-design circuits
using precise mathematical specifications, a speciality now
called network synthesis theory, made him a leading authority
in electronic cirsuits for decades, said Dr. Ernest Kuh, a
former colleague who is now at the University of California
at Berkeley.
Before Dr. Darlington's work, circuits were designed in an
intuitive, ad hoc manner. His advances won him the highest
award in his field, the Medal of Honor of the Institute of
Electrical and Electronic Engineers.
At a chalkborad at Bell labs with three or four other rocket
guidance experts, he would scrawl equations that became
the basis for guiding the Air Force Titan I, the Thor-Delta
and dozens of other rockets.
His rocket guidance formulas could instantly plug in the
information from several sources -- the trajectory designed
to launch a staellite, the data from radar that tracked the
rocket, and the instruments in the rocket itself -- and
could then return a flow of commands to the rocket.
Always a tinkerer, Dr. Darlington in the 1950's spent a
weekend at home playing with a new gadget, the transistor.
Trying to get more gain from an amplifier the size of a kernel
of corn, he found a way to combine two or more transistors
in one chip, an idea that became the Darlington Compound
Chip and pointed the way toward integrated circuits.
For more see NYT online:

@_date: 1997-11-10 21:36:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Statements 
In November 8 Congressional Record:
Rep. DeLay calls for a new encryption policy:
     (12K)
Sen. Murray supports US encryption exports:
     (6K)
Sen. Abraham asks that high technology and encryption be freed from Washington interference:
     (13K)

@_date: 1997-11-11 09:28:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: More Crypto Statements 
Rep. Sherman on encryption exports and domestic controls:
     (15K)
Rep. Dreier on need for strong encryption to protect national
    (4K)
Declan, anyone, is this flood of statements due to an industry campaign, or one by Majortiy Leader Lott, or Speaker Gingrich, or a combination, or what?
What's your insider intel, Declan, will these initiatives continue
into the next session or are they just cheap dues paying for the moment, while getting ready to sellout when the rain of if-you-knew-what-we've-been-briefed shit showers down next year?
What's Kerrey, McCain, Solomon counter-campaigning with the TLAs?

@_date: 1997-11-11 10:01:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bell vs. Woodward--justice? 
There's been movement in Jim Bell's penal situation which is being looked into (not by me). Details coming soon.

@_date: 1997-11-12 02:35:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 1st Ammendment Tossed in Paladin Case 
WSJ reports today on the increasing conservatism of the military and
disputes about the pretense of civilian control, with some officers calling
for responsible action to compensate for societal breakdown.
It cites several examples of military members preparing for war at home, as mentioned here earlier by Attila and others, with two Marine writers
claiming that the next Somolia will be here.
This, coupled with reports on LEA inheritance of military equipment and
lavish civilian funding to fight terrorism, portends more than Jim Bell (Tim May?) -type sniper takeouts.
Free fire zones may be in the offing, or surgical wasting of underground
bunkers and germmakers (troublemakers). Wrathful Mars sees no innocents, so preaches the terrorist freedom warfighters pursuing a dream of winner take all, so sorry constitutional fundies, we're the warmonger biz.

@_date: 1997-11-12 02:56:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Senate Hearings on PCCIP 
Thanks to Peter Neumann and David Wagner, we offer
a transcript of Senate hearings on PCCIP, including
statements on encryption:
     (71K)

@_date: 1997-11-12 03:10:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Matters of Law 
A reminder that the consitutional issues of "Hit Man" and similar cases are reviewed in the Department of Justice's April 1997 report to Congress,    "The Availability of Bombmaking Information, and the Extent to Which    Its Dissemination May Be Subject to Regulation Consistent with the    First Amendment to the United States Consitution":
     (196K)

@_date: 1997-11-12 07:46:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
Dumb of me to get in the middle of this, but the bloodlust's
Tim's statements are gutsy and right: there's no gain
in self-censoring, shading one's anger to appease
the goons of whatever firepower. (Bob, go to end.)
Most massive firepower can't focus on or hit exclusively
small targets, that's what's a lie about "surgical" strikes. Waste the countryside, yes, hit one rabbit and not the
beloved dog and fellow hunter, little chance. What it
takes is sharpshooting: a one shot, one target, one
pig, one sticker.
True, Horushi's snipe worked, it nailed an innocent, though
a couple of others died to set him up for his own nailing.
True, Waco worked, it charred a crowd of innocents, though a
few others got plugged setting up the roast, and the 2nd roast.
True, firebombing works, as does mass weaponing --nukes, chemicals and germs -- but indiscriminately, by terrorism
of the masses, at the price of also terrifying the citizenry paying for the megadeath heritage.
All standoff firepower is limited against the individual by imprecision of the killing machines and cowardice of the
operators -- artillery, planes, ships, satellites, take your
pick. They savage territory to save the operator's ass,
who, as anyone knows who been around these candyass
strutters, aint got what it takes to cut the guy's throat
who's stabbing your eye.
What's my point? Well, for lack of a better word, it's personal
courage, going nuts when the time's right, the guts to not shut the fuck up when you're told to by those who're a whole lot bigger, who've got more armaments and thinks they're smarter and more ruthless and meaner and have the troops, rank and medals to back it up. Just remember that most of those strengths are for getting somebody else or a machine to do what is too fucking terrifying to do yourself directly.
Do this when the monster accosts: pull your forelock, say sorry sir, then upstab the fucker's groin, as he doubles, hack the cord, he'll go down quivering, then cut out his liver, kick up his green face, squat close, show him the blob, take a bite, chew, savor, swallow, put lip to dying ear, whisper, "tasty."
Go home, get a beer, stare the tube, sharpen your tool. Or as
maddog Tim sez, lock and load.
But look, I'm with Bob, too, my tool's philosophy gone berzerk,
trash words, wags, gags, alliterations, mouth shooting. My steel weapons are locked from burglars who scare the shit out of me just
by looking like ordinarily ugly wall streeters, that is, like my maddog neighbors eyeing me for junk IPO sales.
Sure glad my war's long over, happily getting dimmer, easier to forget
the godawful. Hey, it's veteran's day, anybody want to croak and limp to glories past?

@_date: 1997-11-12 10:14:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FRB Crypto Systems 
Federal Register, November 10, 1997
Excerpt from a Federal Reserve Bank announcement:
      ... the Reserve Banks plan to change their policy for ownership of the encryption boards used by depository institutions with dial and multi-drop connections. These encryption boards are currently purchased and owned by the depository institutions. With the replacement of the encryption boards beginning in the second half of 1998 to enhance the security of the Federal Reserve's communications network, the Reserve Banks plan to purchase and assume ownership of these boards. This approach is consistent with Reserve Bank ownership of other equipment at depository institutions that is required for electronic connections to the Federal Reserve, specifically link encryptors and signaling equipment. Reserve Bank ownership should improve management of the security of the network and facilitate the implementation of an all-electronic key distribution system. This change in policy may affect future-year electronic connection fees, as priced services must recover depreciation costs associated with the new encryption boards.
Are these systems related to Kawika Daguio's comments on
PCCIP forwarded by Declan yesterday? Anyone have more
detailed info on the boards and link encryptors?

@_date: 1997-11-14 00:58:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Find the Mole in the Mirror 
Like, if you will, Monty Cantsin, the venerable generic pseudonym
for sub rosa strategems. You fingering yourselves, Monty?
If you haven't been IDed as a mole here yet, you will, probably by
your own woefully engineered statements.
All of us are moles for one ideology or another, maybe for
several if the blowing wind tosses us that way. What's the
point of being here if not for relishment of deceitful faux combat, to
draw out the enemy (enemies) as Tim and Bob admirably display
in their artful allure of ulterior motivated peacemakers and
condescendors, me for one, as Declan love jousts CDT,
as many us pisswind DC, NWO, ZOG, Armenians, Nipponese. A mole is a disguise of something more treacherously insidious than that, say, a rational human, a benevolent mediator, an advocate for peace, for justice, for the constitution, or another an unadmitted plot for no-work supremacy through criminal law (lawful crime).
The mole(s) here are known, look in the mirror, and marked by the beast, look closely in the mirror, for XORing, their coming in all conceivable disguises welcomed, then tricked, attacked, ridiculed, and finally filtered, erased, deleted, plonked, censored, to resub
pseudonymously, rebooted, zapped, ignored, still we-they come back for more S&M, it's an addictive calling to evangelism, anon-remailer generic pseudonym reputation-capital real and imagined Ritalin nirvana. Nothing better to do with wasted lives, the option of getting one is a dream long gone. Faking one is all that's left, the mole in the

@_date: 1997-11-14 03:42:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tim May's offensive racism (was: about RC4) 
Wait a minute, that list is way too short. This list is far more diversely
mean-spirited, and venomously hilarious, than that. It offers a lot more hatred and humor than you give credit for, or maybe can enjoy.
All praise to Tim, beloved mad as hell assassin, he's one of the sharpest killer humorists-satirists here, call's the jokes and the buffoons as he sees them, insults hot shot leaders and fawning beggars indiscriminately.
Hate and love on both Glocks.
Check the anarchives: Tim's no leader, says it often, proves it more so
by destroying anyone who pretends to be, scares off anyone who tries to suck up to him for protection, and promises to kill (filter) the
bloodsuckers if they send PGPed tips. Kill them with ridicule for not thinking for themselves, paying their own way, lapping others' blood and brains. If that doesn't work he tells a public joke about their overtures. Then the anon shits fly.
Is he not these very days razzing the big iron folks, taunting the tank
in Tienamen Square? We'll yet see some anon turds for this, too,
maybe yours is one.
Some have weird sense of playfulness, cut your throat to see you flop.
Call you a leader, a bullseye target.
Hettinga, helluva beloved Bob, another bleeding edge satirist, self-flagellator
for philo-fun and E$, this is adose of clap also for your exemplary rant of a
schtick of a buffoonery of a calling them as you deadeyedly see them
miraging the desert of Maine.

@_date: 1997-11-14 07:43:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NISSC97 Papers 
The 113 collected papers of the 20th National Information Systems Security Conference, held October 7-10, 1997, in Baltimore, Maryland, USA, are available in PDF format in a compressed file:      (6.2MB)
Some subscribers here participated in the conference.
We offer an HTML version of the Table of Contents:
    (31K)

@_date: 1997-11-15 04:57:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tim May's offensive racism (was: about RC4) 
Nobody at replay.com spake:
Now this is A-1 cpunk-bonic blacknet stocking. Hectoring, condescending, intolerant, imperative, in perfect denial of all possible put-ons save the sound of one maggot gobbling a numbskull's braincell, backgassing a heed-this screed.
As H bobs, eye *snot* dis lip.
Suss is lisp (wa tmor (wa rc4)).
wa locking intel inside
wa nya, nya, nya
wa wa?
wa nsa, nsa, nsa
wa wa, wa, wha the?

@_date: 1997-11-15 10:37:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell's Mug Shot 
Jim Bell's mug shot from US News (and mine):
   The terrifying story itself:

@_date: 1997-11-15 21:07:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell's Mug Shot 
It's true, Officer Law, Jim and me did associate, here, and still at it, here, with our freely assembled, disputatious co-conspirators and moles.
My photo's with Jim's, officer, because he in a jam and isolated, and he's being flaunted by the news story to boost the campaign to intimidate and isolate all us. Bet you think that's great fun, officer.
So I confess, officer, that I'm an associate of Jim Bell whether I want to be or not. Confirmed by an IRS letter saying so, sent four times. Your news story, officer, aims to frighten us to hunker in an isolation of fear that it could be any of us being mugged by officers of law, awaiting penalty, indefinitely. To warn us to cooperate, behave, pay tithe, recant, beg for That shit sucks, officer, made me want to join Jim's lineup, nightmare your
babies with my guilty puss.

@_date: 1997-11-16 03:41:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Silicon Valley Don't Hire List 
Do you think you could get a copy of the list for publication? Sounds
like a most controversial blackballer. Especially if it includes the
names of the assholes who started it, keep it up to date and use it
to win by smearing whoever they can't beat openly.

@_date: 1997-11-16 09:17:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Clinton on Forces of Destruction and Illicit Arms 
Excerpt from the President's remarks to the Democratic National
Committee in Sacramento this afternoon:
             But the most likely problems -- there are a couple little babies in this audience, or there were today, and some children -- the most likely problems these children will face when they come of age will be problems that cross national borders -- terrorism, organized crime and drug running, the spread of weapons of mass destruction, chemical and biological weapons and maybe small-scale nuclear weapons.
             This much nuclear cake put in a bomb would do ten times as much damage as the Oklahoma City bomb did.               The spread of environmental problems or diseases across national lines -- we are going to have to, in other words, find ways to cooperate, to keep the organized forces of destruction that are taking advantage of the Internet, the technological revolution, the freedom of travel and the freedom of movement, access to computers and moving money around and all that -- there will always be organized forces of destruction.               That is fundamentally what is at stake in the stand off we're having in Iraq today.  I don't want you to look at this backward through the prism of the Gulf War and think it's a replay.  I want you to look at it forward and think about it in terms of the innocent Japanese people that died in the subway when the saran gas was released; and how important it is for every responsible government in the world to do everything that can possibly be done not to let big stores of chemical or biological weapons fall into the wrong hands, not to let irresponsible people develop the capacity to put them in warheads on missiles or put them in briefcases that could be exploded in small rooms.               And I say this not to frighten you.  The world will always have challenges.  I think the chances are quite good that we can organize ourselves for this challenge and deal with it very effectively.  I personally believe that the next 50 years will be far more peaceful and less dangerous for our children and our grandchildren than the last 50 years were.  I also believe they will be the most prosperous and interesting time in all of human history -- but only if we do the right things.
For more on the US ban of assault weapons and the US and Mexico's convention to fight illicit arms trafficking, signed yesterday:

@_date: 1997-11-17 03:46:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tim May's offensive racism 
Thanks for reposting Kent's slur of toads.
Where to begin defense of toadism? Why not with Toad,
(see from above) the mother of toads, the nodehome of thousands of Toadies, year after year, even now for few, until ... well, no need for that again.
How about the newly built To, the safehome of Toto? Maybe a stretch.
Request-Remailing-To:? Now, that's close family.
Reply to:
X-post to:
And forward to:
Come on, Kent, why deny the fundamental purpose of the Net:
Send to:
Spoof to:
Lie to:
Obnox to:
Joke to:
Friendly crowds of to-addicts.

@_date: 1997-11-17 09:09:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Electronic Privacy Papers 
Thanks to David Spector's praise and pointer for:
   "The Electronic Privacy Papers: Documents on the    Battle for Privacy in the Age of Surveillance"
   by Bruce Schneier and David Banisar
we offer its 10-page detailed TOC, foreword, preface and epilog:
     (49K)
The 747-page volume is an excellent read and rich resource of once secret documents, legislation, regulations, letters, memos, names, events, policies,
opinions and disputes of the surveillance age and crypto battles. Subscribers
to this list are amply represented.
In addition to the Amazon URL provided by David:
   Bruce offers a 15% discount off the $60 price at:
   B&N sells it in Manhattan for $39.95, hardcover.

@_date: 1997-11-18 00:16:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Secret No More: FBI Files 
An informative site, titled "Secret No More," lists FBI files of 2000 targets compiled by Michael Ravnitzky from
FOIA requests:
   Happy to report that at least three of the targets (one named
thrice) dragnetted this rioter in younger days at Columbia, maybe others have shagged me since.

@_date: 1997-11-18 04:51:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Speed the Net 
Wall Street Journal, November 17, 1997, p. 28
   Congress Asked To Help Speed Internet Growth    High-Tech Firms Propose Controls to Build Trust In Digital
   Marketplace    By John Simons
   Washington - In an attempt to assert their newfound clout
   along the Potomac, 11 major U.S. high-technology companies
   are asking Congress and the White House to speed the growth
   of electronic commerce.
   Among the things they want are a moratorium on Internet
   taxes, the addition of Internet-specific language to the
   Uniform Commercial Code and a loosening of
   encryption-export controls.
   In an 18-page policy paper, to be released tomorrow, the
   chief executives of companies including Compaq Computer
   Corp., Digital Equipment Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co.,
   International Business Machines Corp., and Sun Microsystems
   Inc. outline their recommendations on several prickly
   issues, including sales taxes and tariffs, encryption,
   consumer privacy and content regulation. The coalition,
   also known as the Computer Systems Policy Project, urges
   governments to act quickly to help cyber-merchants foster
   consumer trust in the emerging digital marketplace. Most of
   the companies that endorsed the proposals are poised to
   take advantage of what could be a $200 billion-plus sales
   arena by the year 2000.
   Other companies in the coalition include Apple Computer
   Inc., Data General Corp., NCR Corp., Silicon Graphics Inc.,
   Stratus Computer Inc. and Unisys Corp.
   Although the policy recommendations are another example of
   Silicon Valley's current hot and heavy relationship with
   the nation's capital, the paper is hardly a love letter.
   One familiar refrain: Though industry needs government's
   help, Washington should keep its presence to a minimum.
   There is even a sense that some of the CEOs are reluctant
   to sully themselves by becoming overly involved in matters
   of politics.
   "I have no specific interest in lobbying in the strict
   sense," says Lars Nyberg, the CEO of NCR, co-chairman of
   the authoring committee with IBM's Louis V. Gerstner Jr.
   "Politicians can help this change or they can slow the
   evolution dramatically. We have the responsibility to make
   sure that doesn't happen. So, this is just something we
   have to do."
   The paper's authors are perhaps at their least subtle where
   they chide the Federal Communications Commission for what
   they believe is a plodding and shoddy implementation of the
   Telecommunications Act of 1996. The group argues that in
   order to populate the new digital domain, consumers need
   inexpensive, readily available access to an array of
   telecommunications services.
   Coalition members are concerned about the lack of
   competition in local telephone markets. They insist that
   local monopolies have hampered technological progress.
   "Until there is competition in the local markets for data
   and digital traffic, there will be no pressure on the
   incumbent telephone carriers to deploy new technologies."
   the group states.
   On the tax issue, the CEOs advocate "tax neutrality,"
   meaning that no tax system should discriminate based on the
   way a consumer purchases a product. Uncoordinated attempts
   to "force fit" existing tax structures, for example, "could
   impose discriminatory and multiple taxes on e-commerce
   transactions." they say. To avoid the problem, the group
   prods Congress to pass pending legislation to put a
   moratorium on new Internet sales taxes while industry,
   federal and local governments worked out a national
   standard for levying taxes on Internet commerce. The
   paper's authors are also pushing for a comparable
   international moratorium.
   As for the Internet's legal framework, the paper calls for
   an immediate amendment to the Uniform Commercial Code, one
   that updates contract laws and consumer protection rules
   for on-line transactions.
   The paper is most vague in its prescriptions for encryption
   policy, an area where government and industry have clashed
   on numerous occasions. The U.S. has held tight restrictions
   on the export of strong encryption software, which can be
   used to ensure security for Internet transactions,
   contending that it would be impossible to protect citizens
   from hacker attacks and other digital misdeeds if strong
   encryption were  made available overseas. The coalition is
   critical of the administration's stance, but offers few
   specific solutions.
   In part, the paper is a response to a challenge the White
   House issued last summer. In July, the Clinton
   administration released its "Framework for Global
   Electronic Commerce," a far-reaching set of policy
   prescriptions authored by Ira Magaziner, the president's
   senior adviser on policy development. Throughout the paper,
   Mr. Magaziner stressed that government should take a
   passive role in regulating the Internet. His preferred
   alternative: Help industry to set its own rules and standards.
   Mr. Magaziner called the coalition's paper "a very
   interesting, useful and helpful initiative." He said, "The
   principles are consistent with what we're hoping for. And,
   what's important is they are stepping up and leading."
   Convincing Congress, much less foreign entities, to agree
   on these issues will be difficult, however. Over the next
   few weeks, members of the coalition plan to travel overseas
   with their message. The group expects to meet with members
   of Congress, White House advisers and FCC officials
   sometime in January.
   -----

@_date: 1997-11-18 12:51:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: OECD on E-Commerce Tax 
We offer an HTML version of OECD's paper:
   "Electronic Commerce: The Challenges to Tax Authorities    and Taxpayers"
   An Informal Round Table Discussion between Business    and Government
   To be held at the Marina Palace Hotel, in Turku, Finland    on Tuesday 18th November 1997
     (122K)
This is part of the documentation for a three-day conference
on "Dismantling the Barriers to Global Electronic Commerce,"
November 19-21, Turku, Finland, sponsored by the Government
of Finland and OECD, with help of the European Commission, Japan and BIAC, described at:

@_date: 1997-11-18 21:26:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ICC on E-Commerce 
Yes, and good reports they are. We've mirrored one of them:
   "Guide to International Digitally Ensured Commerce":
     (130K)

@_date: 1997-11-20 02:16:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Rep. Smith on Lifting Crypto Export Ban 
[Congressional Record: November 13, 1997 (Extensions)]
                  ON LIFTING THE ENCRYPTION EXPORT BAN
                                 ______
                            HON. ADAM SMITH
                             of washington
                    in the house of representatives
                      Thursday, November 13, 1997
  Mr. ADAM SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak
about an issue that is very important to me--lifting unfair export
controls on encryption technology.
  Mr. Speaker, protecting our National Security interests is among my
highest priorities. If I thought controlling encryption exports worked
toward this end, I would be its strongest proponent. Unfortunately,
export controls on encryption software simply disadvantage the United
States software industry.
  Under current law the United States allows only 40 bit encryption
codes to be exported, although software companies sell encryption codes
of up to 128 bits everywhere in the United States. Forty bit encryption
technology is so elementary, it took a graduate student a mere 3\1/2\
hours to break a code last January. Fifty-six bit encryption is 65,000
times more difficult to decode than 10 bit encryption and it only took
students three months to break the encryption code. One hundred twenty
eight bit encryption has not been broken yet.
  Naturally, foreign companies do not want to buy 40 bit encryption
software, because it is so vulnerable and insecure. The possibilities
for ``computer hackers'' to break into the system and wreak havoc are
enormous and dangerous. Therefore, foreign companies are purchasing
high-level encryption from foreign software providers instead of
American ones.
  The international demand for encryption software is growing
exponentially because of the tremendous rise in electronic commerce.
For instance, German Economics Minister, Guenter Rexrodt, said, ``Users
can only protect themselves against having data manipulated, destroyed,
or spied on by strong encryption procedures * * *. That is why we have
to use all of our powers to promote such procedures instead of blocking
  Our export restraint has not kept the technology from proliferating.
It has merely allowed foreign producers of strong encryption technology
to fill the vacuum. In fact, American companies are partnering with
foreign firms to distribute their software--taking jobs and revenue
with them.
  American-owned Sun Computers has recently joined with a Russian
software company to avoid the U.S. export ban and sell to foreign
markets. Foreign companies can also purchase American-produced 40 bit
encryption technology and upgrade it in their own countries to 128 bit
encryption technology. This ``add-on'' industry is among the fastest
growing software industries in Europe today. Clearly, if someone wants
high-level encryption technology, he or she can easily obtain it.
  The ability to obtain both powerful and affordable encryption will
now become easier with recent developments in Canada. The Canadian
Government includes encryption software in decontrolling mass market
software under the Generic Software Note. This means any software sold
over-the-counter, by mail or on the phone may be exported without
limits. Entrust, a Canadian software company, is freely marketing and
selling internationally a 128 bit encryption program right now. It
sells for less than $50, and Entrust provides a version of the
encryption technology free on the Internet. Even our most steadfast
ally sees that export controls can no longer help stem the overwhelming
demand and spread of unbreakable encryption.
  Mr. Speaker, if the United States continues to impose these
restrictive export bans on its own companies, ``foreign competition
could emerge at a level significant enough to damage the present U.S.
world leadership'' in the software industry, according to the National
Research Council's blue-ribbon panel on encryption policy. If our
export ban continues, the United States will not be the worldwide
leader on encryption technology for long, and that would be a true risk
to our national security.
  I strongly oppose any unilateral sanctions or regulations that put
the United States at an unnecessary disadvantage. Our current export
ban on encryption software is a perfect example, and I intend to
continue the fight to change our policy and allow the United States to
compete in the global software market.
                          ____________________
Archived at:

@_date: 1997-11-20 08:42:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NBC Mugs Jim Bell 
An NBC News story this evening on the threat of CB
terrorism full-screened a closeup of Jim Bell's mug shot, the same as the lead photo in US News last week. The
story presented much the same line and Internet
sources of frightening information but did not balance
it with a sidebar on burgeoning anti-terrorist opportunism
as did US News.

@_date: 1997-11-20 09:13:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: From the Files - Freeh and Flight 800 
To amplify this a bit: the explanation also included the
speculation of cascading fuel being ignited from the
bottom and flaming upward, which could be interpreted by the observers as a missile rising. An interesting view which I wonder if any of our scientists
here find credible. Perhaps I missed it, but I don't recall the CIA video showing
upward flaming fuel, rather it showed a billowing explosion
centered on the main fuel tank of the upturning fuselage
(as the front cabin plummeted).
Is it feasible that the fuel would ignite and flame upward that way or would it be too broadly dispersed by speed and the atmosphere to cause a coherent, shaped flame such as that of a missile tail? For example, would an adept pilot be able to tell the difference?
This is posed because of the way several theories of
the OKC blomb blast got it wrong due to overly
narrow initial interpretation as did misinterpretations
of other controversial "terrorisms."
Perhaps Tim May is correct in his assessment of Jim,
but NTSC's upcoming hearing should produce more reliable technical information than Kallstrom appears to be comfortable handling -- given his bent for melodrama fine details of investigation seem to be an annoyance,
although he appeared to like the assurance of the CIA's virtual reality.
Kallstrom also said that the case will remain open, I guess
in case Boeing or TWA or something needs to be zapped
by blind justice.

@_date: 1997-11-22 10:32:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Your Papers, Please 
Network World, November 15, 1997:
 Welcome To Cyberspace. Your Papers Please?  About a year ago, the Treasury Department issued a little-noticed discussion  document entitled "Selected Tax Policy Implications of Global Electronic  Commerce" ( Beavering away in obscurity, these unelected  technocrats have almost finished turning the broad "implications" into
detailed  regulations. Like most tax rulings, these regulations require no further  congressional action to have the force of law. So, while rehabilitated Clinton  apparatchik Ira Magaziner was out mesmerizing the digerati with his  "Framework for Global Electronic Commerce," promising free markets and no new  taxes, the green-eyeshade boys were quietly laying the groundwork to launch
the  IRS into cyberspace. ...
 The classic strategy of forcing reporting requirements on key "taxing
points," such
 as banks, clearinghouses and other financial institutions, is not likely to
work as
 the need for intermediation on the Internet will be vastly reduced. In many
 that's the whole point of electronic commerce. Any reporting burdens must be
 pushed out to the end points of each transaction. How will this be done?
This is
 where Big Brother may arrive big time.  Under active consideration is a plan to require taxpayers to obtain digital
IDs for all
 electronic transactions, keeping records that could be examined on audit.
The IDs
 would be issued by IRS certified agencies, subject to government developed
 standards to ensure that proper identity checks are performed before anyone is
 allowed to shop online. The IRS would enforce this by issuing its own digital
 certificates to issuers of digital IDs so that they can electronically
prove that they
 have received IRS certification. The technology they need to make this
happen is
 available. All that's missing are the regulations forcing compliance. So,
stay tuned.
 If you enjoyed the encryption key escrow debate, you'll love this one.  Bill Frezza

@_date: 1997-11-22 11:29:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell's Sentencing Delayed Again 
Jim Bell was scheduled to be sentenced today at 9:30 AM.
I called the court's ever-helpful administrative office (1-253-593-6754) for a report and was told that sentencing had been postponed until December 12, 10:30AM.
Other info:
Mail sent to Jim (not by me) since his request for books has been returned twice that I know about
Books sent to Kitsap County jail, where he was first incarcerated,
was returned marked "Not in Jail." After this an inquiry to the court was made about Jim's location (not by me) and it was learned that he had been
transferred to Federal Detention Center at SeaTac, WA.
A letter sent there recently was returned unopened, marked "Return to Writer."
The court docket today at 8:00PM does not list his relocation nor the new sentencing date. However, entries usually appear
a day or so after an action:
   Perhaps one of our legal subscribers could comment on what's
going on with these repeated delays in sentencing, especially
whether it's common to do so after a plea agreement is reached.
Now, scuttlebutt: a person at a Seattle legal document service
told me today that another case is coming up similar to Jim's
that also alleges "intimidation of IRS officials." Whether that
relates to delays in Jim's case is a mystery inside an enigma.

@_date: 1997-11-22 11:34:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Nobuki Nakatuji 
Good god, Jonathan, you trying to get the JY-box TWA 800ed on CIA-TV Barney? Send fee for using TM nym.
Spoofing persistent identities, writing style, secret thoughts and hidden
agendas are adult-nut-rated kid's stuff here, the weirdo pitches the easiest of all, especially the puretext missionary position in white socks style of blackhearts which ever vaunts itself best See Jane Read Spot.
Who do you think "John Young" is if not a machinic composite of all previous, current and conceivable and abortable of cpunks, and pseudo-cpunks, extra bile-sauced with apish objective journalism gone stale, foul, rancid and roadkill tastier, by all the crazed truly knowns and unknowns passing through claoked in incredibly ordinary, goofily Anglicized, hide-shame names of the world's English-imitating kill-native cultures. To wit: "John Young," no other vapid pseudonym have ever been so often used to hide god's evilist holies.
Except the other subscribers.

@_date: 1997-11-23 00:34:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: A Challenge to the Violent and Depraved 
To buttress suggestions for simulating the OKC bombing, here's an SAIC press release of August 1997 on a training program for disaster handling:
SAIC AND TEEX TO PROVIDE ANTI-TERRORISM TRAINING TO FIRST RESPONDERS (MCLEAN, VA) Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC) has signed an agreement with the Texas Engineering Extension Service (TEEX) to prepare civilian emergency responders for possible terrorist events. Under the agreement, SAIC and its teaming partners will provide training to firefighters and other first response personnel in the latest technologies for addressing chemical and biological terrorism. As the leader of the team, TEEX will hold training classes at Texas A&M University's Emergency Response Training Field at College Station, Texas, where firefighters and rescue workers will train in virtual reality simulators on the effects of chemical and biological weapons. TEEX, which is a member of the Texas A&M University System, annually provides training to 129,000 individuals and last year provided fire, rescue and hazardous materials training nationally and internationally to more than 28,000
responders. "The United States has been fortunate in that it has not had a successful terrorist attack perpetrated against it using biological or chemical agents," said G. Kemble Bennett, TEEX's CEO who oversees the 120-acre Brayton Fire Training Field. "However, experts agree that it is only a matter of time." "As a leader in chemical and biological warfare agent accident, response and assistance training for military and civilian emergency response agencies, SAIC can offer expert guidance to responders," said William L. Chadsey, senior vice president at SAIC. "Our company has provided emergency planning and consultative services to personnel and public service organizations worldwide." In September, U.S. Representative Curt Weldon (R-Pa.) is expected to introduce a bill in Congress to designate the training field at Texas A&M and its facilities as The National Training Center for Urban Search and Rescue. The new center is expected to feature building collapse simulators and a facility dubbed "Disaster City" to prepare responders to handle earthquakes and bombings in addition to chemical and biological agents. If approved, Rep. Weldons bill also is likely to facilitate the release of information from Bechtel Nevada at the Nevada Test Site about the handling of nuclear materials. Speaking at the signing ceremony, Fire Chief Gary Marrs of Oklahoma City, Okla., said, "The first responders in our communities, and specifically our firefighters, are tasked to respond and make a difference when disasters occur. Until the training and equipment,
utilizing the latest in technology, get down to the street level, we put our responders at an extreme disadvantage and endanger their lives. I am encouraged to see these types of cooperative efforts make this training and technology available to the men and women of the fire service who protect our cities daily." Marrs, who managed the fire and rescue mission at the bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Building in Oklahoma City, chairs the Urban Search and Rescue Committee for the International Association of Fire Chiefs located in Fairfax, Va.

@_date: 1997-11-23 02:13:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Subliminal Algebra-Seinfield Conspiracy 
Dimitri confessed:
You bet, that secret org is well-known among CU pick-up artists as a swell place to pick up socks ...  well, more than that and sudden death's your next shock.

@_date: 1997-11-23 09:06:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell's Sentencing Delayed Again 
Several other possibilities have circulated:
1. Jim's still ill, physically, as indicated by the docket's listing of
a doctor's visit, or psychosomatically, due to the strain of indefinite
incarceration and pressures of interrogation.
2. Jim is not fully cooperating, say, refusing to name others or provide
evidence about his own activities or those of others.
3. Jim's behaving erratically, sometimes cooperative, sometimes
4. Jim's drawing out cooperation, negotiating for a better deal, perhaps
with his attorney's advice to do so.
5. Jim is faking it, convincingly, sending the feds off on wild goose chases, working with confederates on preplanned ruses.
6. Jim is not what he appears to be, never was, and nobody gets what he's up to. The current Jim just another ploy, AP a lure.
7. Finally, no disrespect intended -- first time jail is one shitty experience,
with nightmares of lonely long time sentence worse than most of us will ever know -- Jim freaks on sentencing day, shits himself, collapses, can't face what's coming, and the court mercifully delays the
day reckoning.
Still, there's a slim chance he's enjoying himself in Seattle or DC, working
an IRS Fortier-ruse on us.

@_date: 1997-11-23 10:16:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Clinton Sells Arlington Burials (fwd) 
Jim Choate chided Dimitri:
I agree with Jim's acknowledement of citizen sacrifice. However, Arlington,
like all military cemetaries, is maintained by DoD for its own purposes
beyond recognition of the citizen-soldier. You bet it sells plots to sell plots.
Some citizen-soliders, I'm one, wish to have no association with military monuments due to inside knowledge of what the military and its advocates
are up to. Better to be buried unmarked in potter's field than near the
grotesque themepark of The Unknown Soldier and its strutting guards.
I wonder if any of the dead, if they had a say, would wish to be used for that purpose, or if its only the families and patriotic hustlers
who have a stake in prettifying the horrible truth: that giving one's life, a leg, an arm, a belief in valor and sacrifice, for a treacherous, militaristic nation and economy is a nasty deal, no matter how it's monumentalized with zillions of white headstones arrayed in sylvan vales like gullible soldiers going to kill and die in bloody ignorance.
Even morons grasp that these dishonorable plots are recruiting scams cooked up by the living up to no good.
Excuse me for losing it, don't want a war over honor, some pissed vet
to gore me with his pegleg badge of valor, some chickenshit reservist to earn a stripe.

@_date: 1997-11-24 21:09:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Gov May Tighten Crypto Exports 
Markoff reports today on a plan to tighten crypto exports
for non-bank financial companies and reactions from
industry trying to loosen them:

@_date: 1997-11-25 08:40:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Update On Jim Bell 
Just a bit of new info about recent court actions, which is documented at:
   In short, on November 17 Jim's attorney (D') and the prosecutor
(P') submitted Sentencing Memoranda to the Court. On November
21 (the previously scheduled sentencing date), D' presented a Supplement to Sentencing Memo. Both of D's memos were Filed Under Seal, but not the P's.
On November 21 the Court acks receipt of the sentencing
memoranda and a Pre-Sentencing Report (PSR) from the Probation Officer (PO). There was argument. The Court will present counsel with additional questions on sentencing. The sentencing is postponed (continued) until December 12. Jim, jail (D' remanded).
Leg. wiz. w'll now expl. ths is just jive just. in No. 1 Amer.

@_date: 1997-11-25 22:24:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: News of Jim Bell 
Anonymous forwarded three local news stories about Jim's
   An excerpt:
  In a hearing in U.S. District Court in Tacoma this morning,   Bell 's public defender and an assistant U.S. Attorney recommended   a 6-to-12-month jail sentence for Bell as part of a plea-bargain   agreement.
  But federal probation officers recommended a sentence of 27 months.   In doing so, they said they were looking at the "totality" of Bell's   behavior, including the threatening nature of his Internet essay,   "Assassination Politics."   As a result, U.S. District Court Judge Franklin D. Burgess said he   was uncomfortable with the situation. "Somehow I am getting a feeling   that somebody knows more about something than I do," Burgess said.
Also reported: Jim had encrypted some of his files. And though "Bell
plead guilty to relatively innocuous charges" IRS investigators
compared him to The Unabomber and Tim McVeigh, and claimed he
was "part of a far darker scheme to assassinate IRS agents and topple the   U.S. government."

@_date: 1997-11-26 01:02:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RFC on Infrastructure Aliens 
BXA issued today an RFC for the recent PCCIP report
on threats to the nation's infrastructure. It provides a
handy summary of the report's findings and proposals
for policy, technology, law and arms-waving of insider
gov, com and edu to protect their children against outside      (14K)

@_date: 1997-11-28 04:34:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Request for Jim Bell Update 
Here's recent Jim Bell material:
    (news stories on Bell's sentencing)
     (US News on CB terrorism, stars JB)
     (latest court dockets for USA v. Bell)
For earlier info access backwards in each series:    ../jimbell5, etc.;    ../jimbell-dock3.htm, etc.
Not aware of a source for the classified version but the public version of "Assassination Politics" is at:

@_date: 1997-11-28 22:26:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Naked Stealth 
The 26 November Guardian reports on the bungled case
of the UK hacker who allegedly threatened US national
security by hacking the Rome AFB system (and scaring the
bejesus out of the North Koreans to boot) while searching
for Area 51 info on aliens. The case was thrown out by the court as way overblown
and unproveable, though the USG got a lot of mileage from
it for "terrorist threats."
It hoots at the USAF's crack cyber-security team in San Antonio who over-mobilized to trace the terrifying teenager
by most sophisticated means, not knowing that the kid had already been nabbed by Scotland Yard thanks to a traditional-means informant.
Now the officer who led the AF hunt is working the cyber-scare
circuit peddling the top gun technology -- top secret of course,
can't even be revealed by court order.

@_date: 1997-11-29 03:58:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Junger v. Daley - USA Brief 
Thanks to Peter Junger we offer the USA's second cross-motion for summary judgment of November 18:
     (112K)

@_date: 1997-11-29 06:17:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BXA Meet in DC 
Should anyone attend the BXA meeting in DC referenced below, we'd be grateful for a report, handouts and minutes, especially on encryption regulation and implementation of the Wassenaar Arrangement -- whose issuance is now overdue.
A "Wassenaar Plenary" is scheduled for sometime in December as well, with a "Wassenaar list review" in May 1998, according to minutes of the October 21 meeting of the Information Systems Technical Advisory Committee:
   Bureau of Export Administration
Regulations and Procedures Technical Advisory Committee; Notice of Partially Closed Meeting
    A meeting of the Regulations and Procedures Technical Advisory Committee will be held December 9, 1997, 9:00 a.m., in the Herbert C. Hoover Building, Room 3884, 14th Street between Constitution and Pennsylvania Avenues, N.W., Washington, D.C. The Committee advises the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration on implementation of the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) and provides for continuing review to update the EAR as needed.
Open Session
    1. Opening remarks by the Chairperson.
    2. Presentation of papers or comments by the public.
    3. Update on the encryption regulation.
    4. Update on the Wassenaar Arrangement implementation regulation.
    5. Discussion on the ``deemed export'' issue.
    6. Discussion on the Enhanced Proliferation Control Initiative and continued publication of Entities of Concern.
    7. Update on the Automated Export System.
    8. Discussion on efforts to conform the Foreign Trade Statistics Regulations and the Export Administration Regulations on export clearance requirements.
Closed Session
    9. Discussion of matters properly classified under Executive Order 12958, dealing with the U.S. export control program and strategic criteria related thereto.
    The General Session of the meeting will be open to the public and a limited number of seats will be available. To the extent that time permits, members of the public may present oral statements to the Committee. Written statements may be submitted at any time before or after the meeting. However, to facilitate the distribution of public presentation materials to the Committee members, the Committee suggests that presenters forward the public presentation materials two weeks prior to the meeting date to the following address: Ms. Lee Ann Carpenter, OAS/EA/BXA MS: 3886C, 14th & Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., U.S. Department of Commerce, Washington, D.C. 20230.
    The Assistant Secretary for Administration, with the concurrence of the delegate of the General Counsel, formally determined on December 16, 1996, pursuant to Section 10(d) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, as amended, that the series of meetings or portions of meetings of the Committee and of any Subcommittees thereof, dealing with the classified materials listed in 5 U.S.C. 552b(c)(1) shall be exempt from the provisions relating to public meetings found in section 10(a)(1) and (a)(3), of the Federal Advisory Committee Act. The remaining series of meetings or portions thereof will be open to the public. A copy of the Notice of Determination to close meetings or portions of meetings of the Committee is available for public inspection and copying in the Central Reference and Records Inspection Facility, Room 6020, U.S. Department of Commerce, Washington, D.C. For further information, call Lee Ann Carpenter at (202) 482-2583.
    Dated: November 3, 1997.
Lee Ann Carpenter,
Director, Technical Advisory Committee Unit.
[FR Doc. 97-29404 Filed 11-6-97; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3510-DT-M

@_date: 1997-12-01 07:12:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Minsky skeptical of privacy 
Monty's customary reasonableness goes bizarro with these statements.
In that direct or indirect defense funding implicates just about every
US citizen, even world denizen, not holed up in a treetop for the last half century of national security octopussing.
This is not to say that that's the way it should be, just that defense
funding has been the deep pocket for nearly every commonweal
at least since WW II. And the same for the future appears to hold true as every federal
state and local government eagerly calibrate their demands for urgent aid according to national and economic security guidelines -- dual use brought into the open as heretofore hidden by duplicity.
Under national security programs DoD has funded through its pervasive tentacles scientists and mathematicians, libertarians and socialists, elite and trailer trash, Wall Street and underworld, on and on. Not a chance of stopping it any time soon.
It is doubtful that any other more bountiful and widespread source of condoned bribery has ever existed, and it shows no sign of
slackening, in the US or elsewhere, whether democracies, oligarchies, communist, or offshore outlaw, even allowing for the burgeoning private
armies, cops, gun faith forces, each loading up with new and "surplus"
Curiously, when the details of how it all works is pointed out, no one
seems to be bothered by it, except to comlain that others are getting
too much, to wheelle more leads on how to leverage more for their affinity gang, and, to conceal sly avarice, to blame the competition
for cheating better.
So, Monty, for comparing to Minsky's well-known federal work at MIT, as with many here, how about demonstrating the correlation of your work with inescapable defense funding complicity?

@_date: 1997-12-01 08:55:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Defense of the Homeland 
The National Defense Panel is to release its study tomorrow,
"Defense of the Homeland," which recommends that Defense focus on domestic protection from weapons of mass destruction:
   In line with this, and Tim's NBC prognostications, the Department
of Health and Human Services Office of Emergency Prepareness
has a new Web site which describes its domestic counter terrorism    These tidbits derive from the new list "Terrorism-L," which offers
terrifying scenarios for apocalypse by friend and foe and voodoo doll, and survivalist tips for first responders: "There's nothing we
could do."
To subscribe, send E-mail to listserv at mediccom.org with the following text in the message body: SUBSCRIBE terrorism

@_date: 1997-10-02 19:51:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Request for illegal electronic surveillance examples and cases 
There are a number of US cases in the just published "Secrets:
The CIA's War at Home," by Angus Mackenzie.
What is worth exploring to supplement the perhaps too facile
gov-bash is the burgeoning private industry of illegal electronic surveillance, staffed with mostly ex-gov folks (and those not deft enough to get a global Cold War sinecure) who are not always as scrupulous as the government. These operations are
growing worldwide as governments down-size, up-size and
sneaky-rig their NatSec and LE programs, often most slyly
by privatizing them behind false fronts.
Indeed, the bigger story may be the ways illegal electronic snooping is being hidden behind "legal" operations by both
government and industry, often working in concert to
camouflage the bastardly deeds by pointing fingers at
each other to justify higher budgets and higher fees and
more restrictions on free expression. Get Stewart Baker
looped and talkative. Then John Deutch, William Perry,
and on and on.
The media and DC public interest groups are not outside this long-running covert loop of mutual back-scratchers. Read "Secrets."
Trace for example where the heads and legal counsels of military, spy and law enforcement agencies go in private industry, and the affiliations they form in commerce and non-profit orgs, beginning with SAIC, say, and the Council on Foreign Relations, the lobby-law
firms and schools, but do not stop  with the obvious, easy to find.
Get Stewart Baker looped and talkative. Then John Deutch, William Perry, ex-legislators, and on and on.
Be prepared to have your not-so-secure comm systems hacked by the New Terrorists as dirty secrets are threatened. Read "Secrets:"
some of the characters in the crypto debate are mentioned
in earlier disguises and, in a few case, where they show now.

@_date: 1997-10-05 01:28:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Stronghold 
Dimitri Vulis reposted parts of the Stronghold/censorship Dimitri: This replay continues your artful distortion of the exchanges, presumbly to make your best case, yet it still fails to explain
your original beef with Stronghold.
Perhaps this is unfair, but it now appears that you are using the disputed censorship issue to cloud your reluctance, or inability, to substantiate a fault in Stronghold.
Send me the Stronghold fault, I'll be happy to add it to the other crypto-security stuff that wasn't supposed to be published.
This is not meant to defuse the censorship matter, that's still
live ammo.

@_date: 1997-10-05 11:30:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Stronghold 
Heh, do me! Forcefully unsubscribed means *plonk* -- not seen much lately but once frequently wanked here.
Troublemaking is the very essence of this cypherjerk joint, no?
Does anyone but me remember that the whole Vulis, moderation,
censorship, Stronghold shit started with Tim dissing Dimitri by mocking the [spit] locution (or that's when I first paid attention to the thread --
and Dimitri's rude humor slurs are their best shots). Dimitri then getting pissed at the dis (or faking it), then counter-assaulting Tim with multiple personalities, then both master peronnae-fakers going at each other through clones, acolytes and yes-bossers to capture the other's reputation capital, both operatically yodelling innocence unfairly ravaged, both raging with highest of principles at the accusations of come-fuck-me-darling lowest-level behavior.
Anonymic and pseudonymic chaff flooded in and jammed the putative
brilliant list signal. Seeing an opening for righteous evangelism, other high-minder fakirs intervened to protect the list's pristine virtue with prophylatic measures, which leaked, were malfitting, or were rejected by all-natural studs and mares lusting for unmediated self-abuse.
Whores spitting at whores, male and female and crossovers it was, and is.
Recall these periodic pitbull fights instigated with Tim by those foolish to challenge him, those who think there are limits to all-natural sex.
Great liars, the Net's multiple personna double-cross-addressers .
Whose willing to bet that Tim and Dimitri, their adherents, are not in bed with, may even be the same as, the Totos, the Mongershitters, the who?
None of this compares to meisterwerk slurring which heavenly rents this forum.

@_date: 1997-10-06 00:31:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Stronghold 
Dimitri and Cloned Anonymees continued the rotten-egging of Stronghold faults:
If there's a fault in Stronghold, expose it, in detail, for merely proclaiming there is, is sour grapes commercial knocking of a
superior product, or worse, evidence of complicity with
those dark forces who want to prevent global spread of strong
products. Sniff that rhetoric. It's the same old Backdoor gossip, as with PGP (freeware version, not the latest Freehware, which is evil, evil, how could you Phil?).
Using the threat of a lawsuit as grounds to prevent disclosure is shrewd way of avoiding having to document an allegation.
Dimitri, you're one smart son of a bitch, and my hat off to your
genius at the dirty business of defamation, no holds barred. Defaming an eating-your-lunch competitor is fair play, as C2 shows how to call your bluff with a bullshit legal bluff.
Anybody with a reliable info on a hidden backdoor in Stronghold
or Dimitri or me,  as with PGP, should get the evidence out for verification. Otherwise, such ranting is just trash talk of the bluffing game.
Dimitri, out with Stronghold's fault, if you've got it. C2, cut the
legal bluff, it stinks. The badmouthing by both of you is the same old toxic waste -- and may mean the two of you're are now in cahoots to boost each other's shoddy goods and hide the faults behind a phony dispute, like 50 years of mock competitive Ameri-Russky junk national security communist-capitalist racketeering so beloved
by die-hard globalist TLAs of business and government.
And I'm eager to rotten-egg it onward.

@_date: 1997-10-06 19:34:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Zergo Report 
Thanks to Adam Back and Ross Anderson the full Zergo Report on encryption use by the NHSnet is online at:
     (139K)
There may be action by HMG to prohibit publication in the
UK (and maybe elsewhere) so we've mirrored it at:
   Other mirrors encouraged.

@_date: 1997-10-07 20:05:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell 5 
We've received a report on Jim Bell, a request from him for books, and his scenario for punishment, contrition, revelation, redemption, begging mercy from Sam:
   What a vicious ransom racket the Sam's devil church runs, burying the victim in hell, torturing for tithe.

@_date: 1997-10-07 21:31:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CyberTimes on Magaziner: "U.S. Encryption Policy Is Unformed" 
CyberTimes / The New York Times
October 7, 1997  Clinton's Top Internet Adviser Says
U.S. Encryption Policy Is Unformed
By MARTIN NISENHOLTZ
AMSTERDAM -- President Clinton's top Internet policy adviser
acknowledged Monday that the administration lacked a firm position on the
controversial issue of encryption. "We don't have a position" at present,
Ira Magaziner, Clinton's senior adviser for policy development on the
Internet, told representatives of 21 nations, mostly European, gathered here
for the annual High Tech Forum. complete article:

@_date: 1997-10-09 10:44:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US Terrorist Targets 
US State Department today published the latest list of terrorist
organizations (and multiple aliases) which are now targets of    And related foreign assets control announcement:
   List summary:
Abu Nidal Organization
Abu Sayyaf Group
Armed Islamic Group
Aum Shinrikyo
Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine-Hawatmeh Faction
Euzkadi Ta Askatasuna
Gama'a al-Islamiyya
Harakat ul-Ansar
Japanese Red Army
Kahane Chai
Khmer Rouge
Kurdistan Workers' Party
Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam
Manuel Rodriguez Patriotic Front Dissidents
Mujahedin-e Khalq Organization
National Liberation Army
Palestine Islamic Jihad-Shaqaqi Faction
Palestine Liberation Front--Abu Abbas Faction
Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine
Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine--General Command
Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia
Revolutionary Organization 17 November
Revolutionary People's Liberation Party/Front
Revolutionary People's Struggle
Shining Path
Tupac Amaru Revolutionary Movement

@_date: 1997-10-09 20:13:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EU Rejects GAK 
9 October 1997
Source: The New York Times, October 9, 1997, p. D4
Europeans Reject U.S. Plan On Electronic Cryptography    Threats to Privacy and Commerce Are Cited
By Edmund L. Andrews
Frankfurt, Oct. 8 -- The European Commission has rejected proposals by
the United States aimed at insuring that police agencies can crack coded
messages over telephone and computer networks.
In a lengthy report released today, the European Commission said the
American approach could threaten privacy and stifle the growth of
electronic commerce and that it might simply be ineffective.
The report appears to all but doom efforts by the Clinton Administration
and the Federal Bureau of Investigation to establish a global system in
which people who use cryptography would have to deposit a "key" for
unlocking their codes with an independent outside organization. As
envisioned, the police or intelligence agents would be able to use this key
once they got court approval to carry out a wiretap. The plan has been
vigorously opposed by the computer industry, which fears that it would
jeopardize sales to foreign customers.
Because of the Internet's borderless nature, American officials have long
acknowledged that their plan is workable only if most other countries
adopt similar systems. If not, people could simply route their
communications through countries with no restrictions.
The White House had already run into heavy opposition from civil rights
groups, the computer industry and Congressional Republicans. And
earlier this year, the United States failed to muster any support for its plan
from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, a
consortium backed by more than 40 countries.
But the European Commission's blunt opposition, reported today in The
Wall Street Journal, went considerably further, raising a slew of objections
to "key recovery" and "key escrow," systems. Among them were these:
+ Hackers could find new ways to breach security." Inevitably, any key
access scheme introduces additional ways to break into a cryptographic
system," the report said.
+ The systems could weaken European data-privacy laws. "Any regulation
hindering the use of encryption products," the report said, "hinders the
secure and free flow of personal information."
+ Even with a "key escrow" or "key recovery" system, criminals cannot be
entirely prevented from using strong encryption.
More broadly, the European Commission said, any kind of key-based
system could jeopardize the rise of electronic commerce. "If citizens and
companies have to fear that their communication and transactions are
monitored with the help of key access or similar schemes," the report
said, "they may prefer remaining in the anonymous off-line world."
American officials did not disguise their disappointment, and challenged
the Europeans to come up with better alternatives.
"I am a little surprised," said William Reinsch, Deputy Secretary of
Commerce in charge of export administration. "My question to the
European Commission is, where do they think the market is going? Our
sense is that corporations engaged in electronic commerce want key
recovery in some form, because they want to recover their own records
and to monitor their own employees."
Beyond high-minded policy issues, European officials quietly
acknowledge that they have political and economic concerns. For one
thing, several countries do not like the idea of deferring to an American
system that might allow American companies to dominate the next
generation of security products.
The German Government, meanwhile, is worried that American authorities
might have improper access to data on German users -- possibly violating
Germany's tough new laws on data protection.
But the European Union is far from united. Britain has generally sided with the United States in supporting an international system for
regulating data encryption.
Indeed, the European Commission remained vague about what
alternatives to the American system it might actually favor, nor does the
report attempt to block member countries from setting up key-based
systems if they want to.
American computer and software companies greeted the European policy
declaration as a victory.
"Even the hard-line Governments, the U.S. and the United Kingdom, have
said that any cryptography restrictions have to be internationally
coordinated because otherwise you can just download material from
another country," said Chris Kuner, a lawyer in Frankfurt who represents
Netscape Communications and other networking companies in Europe.
"This shows that Europe does not agree with the idea of mandatory key
recovery. This idea that is the only possible regulatory framework for the
world has been clearly rejected."

@_date: 1997-10-10 10:10:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: America as a Shake Down Extortion State 
Netscape has just been awarded a major contract with the Department
of Defense for "secure" browsers, with options for "annual renewals."
One of the best ever for NSCP.
This is a public deal, as distinguished from the secret others pointed to in mandatory public notices in the Federal Register of meetings closed for national security by the Defense Science Boards, the National Defense Panel, and a welter of mil/gov advisory groups composed of members from industry, education and policy orgs eager to get advance word of market and contribution opportunities.

@_date: 1997-10-10 19:18:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BXA RFC on Export Controls 
"The Bureau of Export Administration (BXA) is reviewing the foreign policy-based export controls in the Export Administration Regulations to determine whether they should be modified, rescinded or extended. To help make these determinations, BXA is seeking comments on how existing foreign policy-based export controls have affected exporters and the general public."

@_date: 1997-10-13 02:52:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Stronghold 
Dimitri and Adam queried about me receiving a C2-lawyer letter to DV:
I didn't see the letter, either on cpunks unedited (where I remained
subscribed throughout the experiment and happily continue to be
despite genocidal warnings to desist). Nor did I get a copy directly from Dimitri as he claims to have sent as cc, which I doubt.
I suspect that if there is, or was, such a letter, it's either a fabrication of Dimitri himself, or a message he calculatedly sought so he could
flag wave it. A page from the book of secret agents.
Dimitri, Allah bless his carcass, is a learned and deft provocateur.
So the problem I've got with Dimitri's allegations is that he's demonstrated that he has the skills and godless urge to spoof,
spook and hound anybody who crosses him for Rasputin purposes not yet disclosed. Not that that's unusual hereabouts -- and who truly wants forgo comforting righteousness to confront an evil soul.
Insecure smart cards, those (we) highly miseducated warriors seeking warfare, in our ability to engender and prolong grievances against others and deny theirs of us, and draw people into our webs of revenge and expatiation, against enemies of imagination and In this DV, among many, is a fierce do-or-die competitor with, say,
Tim May, and I still have a hunch that the two (or many) are in cahoots (if only in like mindedness and bulldog tenacity), now, and maybe at the beginning of the grand  experiment of testing cypherpunkian elasticity with orchestrated provocateurism.
All of us stirring the witches brew with fake innocence and real
None of us are going to quietly give up addiction to bloodlust,
and will forever nightsweat insults and succumb to the urge to do vainglorious battle for vaporware honor.
Dementia, due, as ever, to miseducation, haywire ambition, filmic fantasies of glory and immortality, dampened only by
inevitable glandular wind-down.
Is this dustup really about the faults of likeminded C2 and Dimitri, or our shared need for diversion from dread of disappearance without a trace?
Billy Sunday

@_date: 1997-10-13 09:13:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Stronghold 
Okay. That's a deal. Send it under the river, and I'll put it on our site.
Fax: 212-799-4003.  Don't give up if it's busy, the line's also used for losing bets.
My credibility went south years ago, sent packing by disbelieving
housemates and offspring. Inflated baby jesus loves me, though.

@_date: 1997-10-19 02:44:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Junger Motion and Brief 
Thanks to Peter Junger et al we offer his latest Motion
for Summary Judgment and Supporting Brief outlined
in the Thursday press release:
    (88K)

@_date: 1997-10-24 10:26:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Senator Lott on Encryption 
Excerpt below of statement on encryption policy by Senate Majority Leader Lott published in the October 21 Congressional Record.
Full statement at:        (12K)
Senator Lott:
  During the past month, the FBI has attempted to change the debate by proposing a series of new mandatory controls on the domestic sale and use of encryption products. Let me be clear. There are currently no restrictions on the rights of Americans to use encryption to protect their personal financial or medical records or their private e-mail messages. There have never been domestic limitations, and similarly, American businesses have always been free to buy and use the strongest possible encryption to protect sensitive information from being stolen or changed. But now, the FBI proposes to change all that.
  The FBI wants to require that any company that produces or offers encryption security products or services guarantee immediate access to plain text information without the knowledge of the user. Their proposal would subject software companies and telecommunications providers to prison sentences for failure to guarantee immediate access to all information on the desktop computers of all Americans. That would move us into an entirely new world of surveillance, a very intrusive surveillance, where every communication by every individual can be accessed by the FBI.
  Where is probable cause? Why has the FBI assumed that all Americans are going to be involved in criminal activities? Where is the   And how would this proposal possibly help the FBI? According to a forthcoming book by the M.I.T. Press, of the tens of thousands of cases handled annually by the FBI, only a handful have involved encryption of any type, and even fewer involved encryption of computer data. Let's face it--despite the movies, the FBI solves its cases with good old-
fashioned police work, questioning potential witnesses, gathering material evidence, and using electronic bugging or putting microphones on informants. Restricting encryption technology in the U.S. would not be very helpful to the FBI.
  The FBI proposal won't work. I have talked with experts in the world of software and cryptography, who have explained that the technology which would provide compliance with the FBI standard simply does not exist. The FBI proposal would force a large unfunded mandate on our high technology firms, at a time when there is no practical way to accomplish that mandate.
  Rather than solve problems in our export policy, this FBI proposal would create a whole new body of law and regulations restricting our domestic market.
  This and similar proposals would also have a serious impact on our foreign market. Overseas businesses and governments believe that the U.S. might use its keys to computer encryption systems to spy on their businesses and politicians. Most U.S. software and hardware manufacturers believe this is bad for business and that nobody will trust the security of U.S. encryption products if this current policy continues. In fact, this proposal appears to violate the European Union's data-privacy laws, and the European Commission is expected to reject it this week.
  So, the FBI proposal would: Invade our privacy; be of minimal use to the FBI; would require nonexistent technology; would create new administrative burdens; and would seriously damage our foreign markets.
  This is quite a list.
  Mr. President, the FBI proposal is simply wrong. I have learned that even the administration does not support this new FBI proposal. So why does the FBI believe it must now subject all Americans to more and more   This independent action by the FBI has created confusion and mixed signals which are troublesome for the Senate as it works on this legislation. Perhaps the FBI and the Justice Department need to focus immediately on a coordinated encryption position.
  Mr. President, I congratulate the members of the House Commerce Committee for rejecting this FBI approach by a vote margin of more than 2 to 1.

@_date: 1997-10-24 10:41:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: David Kahn on National Encryption Policy 
This was published in the October 22 Congressional Record as
part of a statement by Senator Moynihan on the retirement of
NSA Deputy Director William Crowell:
                      [From Newsday, Oct. 6, 1997]
    National Security Official Retires--Helped Refocus Agency's Aims
                            (By David Kahn)
       The National Security Agency has said goodbye to its      retiring deputy director, who largely brought the super-
     secret spy organization into its public, post-Cold War      posture.
       William P. Crowell was the force behind the establishment      of the National Cryptologic Museum, which exhibits what had      been some of the nation's deepest secrets; the revelation of      the VENONA project, which broke Soviet spy codes early in the      Cold War; and the National Encryption Policy, which seeks to      balance personal privacy with national security.
       Succeeding Crowell will be Barbara McNamara, who, like      Crowell, is a career employee of the agency, which breaks      foreign codes and makes American Codes for the United States      government.
       McNamara is the second female deputy director of the      agency. The first, Ann Z. Caracristi, who served from 1980 to      1982, is the sister of the late Newsday photographer Jimmy      Caracristi.
       More than 500 present and past members of the agency      attended Crowell's recent retirement ceremony at its glossy,      triple-fenced headquarters at Fort Meade, Md. They applauded      as he was presented with awards for his intelligence and      executive services and with a folded American flag that had      flow over the agency.
       They laughed as a picture, claimed to be his retirement      portrait, was unveiled: It was a photograph of Crowell,      notorious for his love of motorcycles, astride his fancy      bike. During his acceptance speech, Crowell choked up when he      thanked his wife, Judy, a former agency employee and fellow      motorcyclist, for her help.
       The agency director, Air Force Lt. Gen. Kenneth Minihan,      recited some of the administrative landmarks of Crowell's      career.
       Crowell, 58, a native of Louisiana, began in New York City      in 1962 as an agency recruiter. In 1969, when he sought an      assignment to operations, he became instead an executive      assistant to the then-director. He eventually got to      operations, where he rose to be chief of W group, whose      function remains secret, and then chief of A group, which      focused on the then-Soviet Union. After a year in private      industry, he rose through other posts to the deputy      directorship on Feb. 2, 1994.
       Among his organizational accomplishments were conceiving a      crisis action center and linking the agency with other      producers of intelligence to improve information exchange.
       His more public initiatives included the museum and the      VENONA disclosures, which sought to maintain public support      for the agency after the disappearance of the Soviet Union.      The National Encryption Policy seeks to enable the agency to      read the messages of terrorists and international criminals      who use computer-based, unbreakable ciphers while enabling      individuals to use good cryptosecurity to preserve such      rights as security on the Internet.
See Moynihan's statement:

@_date: 1997-10-24 18:56:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: spoofing as performance art 
Indeed, it is hard to tell the difference between spoofing and
grave pronouncements on threats to one's own interests under
guise of national secuirty and/or personal privacy, for the truthful lying that accompanies each performance are identical.
Spoofing has the ethical and humorous edge, however, in that it gives clues to its origin as entertainment -- let's us in on the
joke -- while the seriously dramatic performer aims at dominating us with profundity, wisdom, righteousness, conviction and disdain
for disbelievers in the blind faith of the performer in the importance of
her responsibility to hector and lecture us into craven servility.
All leaders suffer over self-importance and thereby demand
ridicule to save us from them.
Here's a Bronx cheer to the non-spoofers, who don't get that the
joke's on them.
Thank Zeus and Juno, as far as I've read here, cypherpunks
has no implacably non-spoofers posting, though a few of us are pretty good at behaving seriously briefly, spoofing seriousness. And PGP is doing a fine sanctimonious act worthy of high ridicule, it's just conforming to what businesses and governments do to survive the disloyalty of employees and citizens who don't believe once-trusted leaders inevitably corrupted by power, fame and chance
to forever escape work (corrupt me, do). They become parodies of themselves.
Anonymous got it right: Bosses and Government, no difference,
same liars and snoopers and non-spoofers who just don't get what's wrong with putting their interests before ours, we gobbling
voracious maggots.

@_date: 1997-10-25 21:16:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Saving money 
"Self-reliance and socialism are diversions confected by
capitalism to conceal its evils," some poor bastard finally understood, muttered to nobody and died.
Nearly all governments are socialist to some degree
in that they provide services (bribes) that other social
structures do not; even the vilest must do so to fend off the hordes, rebels and revolutionists, or go broke funding
the military, guards, spies and police, as most eventually
do like the wealthy being sucked empty by their lawyers,
bankers, families and lovers.
Indeed, the most fervent proponents of coercive force
are those who have the greatest wealth to protect against
the folks trying to get it by all possible means. "More cops,
more laws, more education in obedience, more loyalty
oaths and prenupital 'surely you're joking's."
However, even those of great wealth know that mere
coercive power is not enough, that you've got to employ
religion, education, culture and social pressure to induce
acceptance that some have it and some don't, and screw those who don't -- keep the Armalite handy. Borrowing from the Catholic Church, John Calvin tweaked this wealth-hoarding philosophy to a high-definition blind faith in predestination: one is born to have it and too bad about the others -- which relieves those who got it by luck and crime (misnamed self-reliant hard work and careful planning) and can't quite find solace in their own self-deception, can't
quite believe their protectors are trustworthy.
Calvinist voodoo in updated guises has been for a couple of centuries the fundamentalist faith of the newly wealthy of the industrial (and now electronic) culture, and economic soothsayers know how to keep the grants, lecture fees and book profits coming by peddling all sorts of new versions especially tailored to fit semi-ignorant, fearful souls unsure how to capitalize on their capital, and terrified that it will evaporate just as inexplicably as it rained down on the very spot they happened to be at while all around them folks
were dying of drought.
None of this applies to the good hearts on this list, who are
amazingly generous of their time to contribute wit and wisdom
and frank admission that what else can one do except
joke about god's folly, endure the drought and pray that the rains come and shit storms don't. As now in southeast Asia.
What an amazing RICO op is Wall Street, now World Street, comparable to RICO government, now world gov, composed
of the same Bosses and Pols working hand in hand to
smirk, smirk blame the other, both knowing that self-reliance
and socialism are for clueless fools unable to grasp the wonders of highly organized theft to avoid labor (and taxes) altogether, that coercive-capitalist-gov self-delusion unable
to stanch the endlessly increasing cost of defending security Now, I have to confess that stock market plunges lift my spirits wonderfully. Without that I have only the WSJ's thigh-slapping
comedies of financial vainglory and ruin. And aoccasional upbeat homilies here about how to get ahead -- none believable of the jokemaster authors. Tim, Adam, Good Humorers.

@_date: 1997-10-25 22:46:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PGP, Inc.--What were they thinking? 
Yes, yes, it's great that the bosses bought the fool's tool, as they ever
are doomed to do, unable to escape that the underlings are forever disobedient and disloyal, for right and good reasons: too little pay, as employers are forever rightfully and reasonably paranoid: too little Shut the FU labor.
The eternal conflicting interests of the two -- whether gov/cu, he/she,
them/us -- is what generates economic enterprise between competitive
groups. Each is doomed to fall victim to peddlers of "this will ease
your insecurity for sure, trust me," selling to both sides, betraying both sides, bragging to insiders "what clueless jerks, more born every day".
The braggarts whistling in the dark at their own terrors.
Call them leaders, pols, priests, journalists, scientists, wonks, seers, agony aunts, talking heads, headless tadpoles, all wise asses who are convinced they know what's what when they actually don't know S from S but are mesmerized by their latest foolhardy intellectual conceit, their copyrighted IP IPO for orchestrating a cheating win they don't deserve, doped max on auto-delusionary what were they PGProzacking.
Damn, Geiger, was it you snatched my Rx?

@_date: 1997-10-26 02:57:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Office of the Secretary of Defense vs the First Amendment (fwd) 
You may be right for all others, and you may be kidding, but in the case (!) of world-beloved  Michael Froomkin, he's the sweetest, kindest, most caring, funniest lawyer professor qua human on the orb, in the dying galaxy, ever. Visit his web page for irrefutable confirmation that he is the real thing in earthbound angels of legal humor.
   Best of all, he has no e-mail address.
[This is a pitifully low-bartered bar-prohibited ad]

@_date: 1997-10-26 07:42:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Defendants adopt Freemenspeak [CNN] 
All right, Jim, a truly uplifting thigh-slapper. All right, Freemen, go for the ranting, belching, farting lingo jumbo, it's how the law fogs who's complicit in police power ebonics.

@_date: 1997-10-26 20:16:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: poverty traps (Re: Sa 
This is true, NYC is an SC. My pinko nose is barely above the surface, for it's a hump treading the globe's shipped in effluvia with concrete boots made of the NIMBYs' unpaid share. And you never
get used to it, for sure the waves caused by tens of thousands of NIMBYs cannonballing in for X-rated sin lacking IMBY.

@_date: 1997-10-27 20:48:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CMR versus GAK? 
Good point, and note that there are many other worlds within the US
besides the LOOD stud-employer-has-manifest-destiny-control But it is good marketing to sell fearful business owners gadgets
and to perpetuate their sense of knowing what's going on behind
their backs, as with frightened pols, spies, cops, parents and straights, leaky prophylactics supplemented with arms to bear when the hints of betrayal and inadequacy become unbearable. Not that the gadgets and arms work when you can't ID or crosshair the elusive backalley cats aprowl.
Same goes for workers and youngsters who think the bosses and
oldsters are duncemunge: WSJ, Dilbert and Phrack are funnies to avoid the admitting the deeper complicity of secret crossovers by
your favorite peer group into the opposing camps, political, economic, legal, scientific, not to say no longer secure national and sexual borders.
LOOD = Long Out Of Date

@_date: 1997-10-28 19:54:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tim's worst nightmare.,.. 
Tim's arms race is as hypnotizing as that of the search
for max strength crypto: how to prepare for beseiged last war scenarios, when resupply is overrun with refugees, weather prevents airborne rescue, comm is jammed, deadmeat is piled all around or run away screaming with terror ... or numb with media burnout.
Have many other of us have been on that hilltop, too, or
struggling to get there RSN 'cause life truly sucks?
What you do when no help is coming and nobody on earth
gives a FF about your lonely carcass, well, that's when
you fire the last .223 where it's been designed to indifferently
go, to finally solve Cunanin misjudgments with hoseaway Hard life teaches: The only safelove communication is end to end to yourself, ricochet alarms of system breakdown of pointless existence between heart and head. The universe broadcasts: The only totally impregnable protection of survivalist megalomania hardwired in all of us is to wage war and lose all our ambitions for immortality within our custom-made body bag.
Or race ahead terabyte to orthagonal suicide, clearing slow-go bandwidth for reproductive mates to logon to a more reliably
lazy DNA ISP.

@_date: 1997-10-29 19:29:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EU E-Commerce Report 
The EU-based Global Internet Project has published a new report on electronic commerce:
     (29K)
An excerpt on crypto policy:
1.No nation's cryptography policy can stand alone.
2. Immediate steps should be taken to solve pressing cryptographic needs that directly affect the global Internet.
3. Reliable and international systems for authentication and integrity should be established.
4. Governments and industry must respond to legitimate user 5. Users should be permitted to decide whether and the degree to which key escrow, trusted third party, or key recovery technologies will be desirable in their environments or not.
6. Trade barriers should not be disguised as cryptographic 7. Export controls on encryption should be made multilateral in practice and when used, focused narrowly and genuinely on national security threats. They should not be used as indirect domestic controls.
8. Governments should establish and publish the process by which keys will be obtained for government purposes. This process should include independent judicial review, time limits on access, reasonable notice to the key owner when this would not interfere with the purposes of the decryption, and opportunities for independent audit of compliance with legal 9. Liability for misuse of escrowed keys should be the subject of international understanding.
10. When key recovery is voluntarily chosen by the user, self-retention of key recovery information should be encouraged.

@_date: 1997-10-30 21:51:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cpunk Hots: E-Cash 
Village Voice reviews "Close to the Machine: Technophilia
and Its Discontents," by Ellen Ullman, City Lights, 189 pp.
$12.95 paper.
Ullman, a Silicon Valley programmer, "describes having
an affair with a young cypherpunk: 'we sat with our legs
extended across the sofa, not quite touching, and we were
going to talk about electronic cash.' "

@_date: 1997-10-31 18:27:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: What Will Revolution Look Like? 
Preindicators to revolution and anti-revolution in US:
World's highest disparity between poor and rich population.
World's highest military expenditures.
World's highest justice expenditures.
World's largest percentage of population in prison.
World's largets percentage of population in law enforcement.
World's largest percentage of work force as private guards.
World's largest number of guns in private hands.
World's largest number of guns in law enforcement hands.
World's greatest number of lawyers.
World's greatest number of laws.
World's greatest number of lawbreakers.
World's highest violent crime rate.
World's highest "postals."
World's highest homicide rate against family members.
World's highest homicide rate against authority members.
World's greatest percentage of unwed mothers (and absent fathers).
World's greatest percentage of men who do not pay child support.
World's highest divorce rate.
World's highest multiple marriage rate.
World's largest number of institutionalized children.
World's largest number of psychiatric patients.
World's largest number of legal drugs consumers.
World's largest number of illegal drugs consumers.
World's largest number of protestors.
World's largest number of anti-protestors.
World's largest percentage of unresponsive population.
World's largest percentage of blind faith population.

@_date: 1997-10-31 18:41:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Ashcroft on Crypto TV 
News report:
This weekend, Washington Watch, Court TVs public affairs program covering legal and judicial policy in the nations capital, will feature a discussion with Senator John Ashcroft (R-MO). The senator will discuss encryption, intellectual property on the internet, and his opposition to the nomination of Margaret Morrow, a Los Angeles business lawyer and former state bar association president selected by President Clinton for a federal judgeship.

@_date: 1997-10-31 19:16:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Biz 
Rep. Solomon hits SAFE and biz; BXA hits FBI and biz:

@_date: 1997-10-31 20:05:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentencing delayed 
What's your take on repeated delay in Jim's sentencing:
1. A squeeze on Jim to finger co-conspirators.
2. Weak case, must use procedure to punish.
3. To let time served be the sentence.
4. Jim was up to something worse now being discovered
(like 5 below).
5. Jim is a secret gov agent, now feet up in Tacoma IRS laughing at those who fell for suckerbait, screwball AP written by IRS as a sting (a recent book package to Jim was returned marked "Not in Jail").
6. The court was hoodwinked by IRS, too, and the AUSA
is preparing an indictment of the stingers and federal defenders
and who knows who else that was in on it.
7. Secret Agent Jim is squealing on his double-crossing
secret agents, cutting a deal with whoever else is double-
crossing whomever. He's going down, they're going down,
we're going down, the whole country's going down; Up the

@_date: 1997-09-01 23:00:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Patel's Opinion 
John and Stanton,
Greg Broiles fedexed us a clear, scannable copy of
Patel's August 25 Opinion, which we've digitized and formatted, in case EFF wants to use it to supplement the admirable volunteer effort:
    (93K)

@_date: 1997-09-02 03:09:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Encouraging News - France 
Tim's nailed this. Expect the US, and other Wassenaar signators, to announce similar regulations ostensibly in support of privacy and
commerce that will include GAK to assure public and national security.
This is House National Security Committee chair Solomon's position,
the next stop for SAFE, and as TM notes, where it will be further eviscerated to fit TLA requirements.
This is the public policy agenda of the McCain-Kerry Bill.
This is BXA's goal in the current draft regs circulating for comment, and
probably what's coming in the Wassenaar implementation, while it
engenders complicity from commercial license seekers with one-by-one
This is DoJ's argument in Bernstein for controlling object code while
avowing total support for academic freedom and freedom to publish
print in deference to the 1st Amend.
It looks as though the fall crypto campaign is about to open with a rush,
worldwide. Stories being fed to journalists, draft regs being dealt to
collaborators, license approvals for sure bettors. Up-yours to all the
rest who don't want to, in smooth-tongue Stewart Baker's phrase, "French kiss NSA/BXA."

@_date: 1997-09-02 20:03:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA/NIST Security Lab 
NSA and NIST will set up a new lab for evaluation of information-security products, including crypto algorithms:
   The lab will coordinate with other nations. Plans include
eventual shifting the evaluation to private testing labs
once accreditation standards are set.
With critiques by Bruce Schneier and Steve Walker,
and a slap from NCSA, which now provides testing,
"They've been talking about this stuff for years."

@_date: 1997-09-03 00:26:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Bill HR 3011 
MSNBC reports today that one of the bills coming up
in the congressional session is "H.R. 3011, an encryption
bill which favors stripping all export restrictions and opposes any key escrow requirements."
We've not been able to find this bill in the usual gov sites. Assuming that MSNBC got the info right, pointers to the bill
would be appreciated.

@_date: 1997-09-03 22:45:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Europe puts pressure on FCC over accounting rate moves 
Announcing Black-and-WhiteNet (256-Gray, plaid, checkered, houndstoothed) Op Center (B&WOC(256-GPC-fang) which will minutely trivialize the most astoundingly paramountly important tics, quirks and quik-$$$ ever Da Vinced by  CCLs of evil-elvis/chemical/dietary/genetic/ethnic/racial/politco-military
imbalances (CCLoE-ECDGERP-Mi). The service is Free!, absolutely EARwig-ITARpit authenticatable, sworn on the blorb's newsracks and constitutions for others' genocide and beloved family
whack how-tos and inter-related inter-dependent folderol for sanctioned revenge
mayhem and It-made-me-do-it salvation and self-rammed lead up hoof-pop and oral rot.
Now, read on for the good $tuff:
Thanks to limitless contributions from the global media, open and secret
Orders, trade and NDA assocs, retired and active members of gov/mil/edu/net/orgs, the service will leap to shell out data-haven-quicksands of unlocateable
e-shekels to anon-remailer-informants for information leading to the entrapment and vaporization of the supremely urgently destructive demolishers of all other contenders for impeccable veracity and bottomless shamlessly vainglorious product promo and faithhealing celebrity implanation/enhancement.
Exes of orgs specially trained to cheat, lie, steal IP, walk on grannies,
etc, and
even more so, the double, triple and bypass XXs of all spinoffs and spin labs, are especially welcomed for dangling as irresistable bait for like
super-peepees and wannabes seeking Dow-Corninging (D-C Net-neutering, unexpected down migration to nether parts, career redirection to geek show Oprahing).
Persons licensed or regulated for betrayal of the public interest for
that is, all who are licensed, regged, SSed and uniformed, get, believe it,
only you,
to-the-trade-only discount/stipend/D-C-reimbursement commensurate with the
maggot-chewed-brain challenged (degree-ed, credentialed up the kazoo, failed nontheless no matter repetitive public cry and beg for understanding) of the higher prefontal .edu-tree-chewers, arch and anarch contenders with the Grand Order/Temple of My Maggots are Better Than Your Maggot (itself being voraciouly gnawed and underminded by The Terrible Terroristic Termites, Thine Own Enemy Within: Envy Eating Mine Own Soul Food(T5OEW:E2MOSF [not that OSF])).

@_date: 1997-09-03 22:58:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Europe puts pressure on FCC over accounting rate moves 
Not that it matters, but this is not mine. But not sure how to prove it,
best to not try to be serious and thereby reify parody self-parody,
self-parody,

@_date: 1997-09-04 22:03:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI calls for mandatory key escrow; Denning on export ctrls 
The on-line NYT's claim today that everyone except the administration is opposed to its crypto policy is daring
hyperbole. What's your take on that?

@_date: 1997-09-05 20:08:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Freeh Testimony 
Thanks to Declan McCullagh we offer FBI Director
Freeh's September 3 testimony to the Judiciary subcommittee chaired by Senator Kyl:
     (58K)

@_date: 1997-09-05 20:13:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Junger v. DoC Docs 
We offer recent exchanges between Peter Junger's
attorney and BXA on the several encryption classification requests Peter described here a few days ago, including "twiddle," "fiddle," non-US PGP, ROT13, Adam Back's 3-line of Perl RSA, Paul Leyland's one-time pad, RC2 and RC4, and crypto links to foreign sites:
   Peter's message on this is at:
   And the original Junger v. DoS (now Junger v. DoC) case filings:

@_date: 1997-09-05 20:18:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Wayner on Crypto Mimicry 
The New York Times, CyberTimes September 5, 1997
Behind Encryption Debate: Using a Mimicry Applet By PETER WAYNER
What is the true meaning of a message? This is the question that
Louis J. Freeh, the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, would
like every Internet service provider to start wondering.

@_date: 1997-09-06 08:35:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Junger v. Daley Amended Complaint 
We offer Junger v. Daley (formerly Junger v. Christopher)
Supplemental and Amended Complaint which responds
to recent exchanges between the plaintiff and the Departments
of Justice and Commerce:
     (40K) plus attachments
This builds on earlier filings and documents:

@_date: 1997-09-06 08:56:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: New GAK Bill 
5 September 1997, MSNBC:
FBI Director Louis Freeh floats a new proposal at a congressional hearing to outlaw non-breakable crypto products.
A radical shift in crypto debate
Proposed bill outlaws non-crackable crypto products, restrict imports
By Brock N. Meeks, MSNBC
WASHINGTON -- The White House would likely be very sympathetic to a
controversial new bill that would outlaw all encryption software that doesn't allow law enforcement agencies to immediately decode scrambled messages, an administration official told MSNBC.
The new bill, still in draft form, is quietly circulating among members of the House and Senate. Although the administration hasn't formally endorsed any provisions of the bill, MSNBC has learned that the White House has been providing what is called technical drafting assistance
to members of Congress writing the bill. William Reinsch, the Commerce Department undersecretary for export administration, confirmed the White House involvement for MSNBC on Thursday night.
The draft bill was already in the hands of some members of the Senate's Subcommittee on Technology, Terrorism and Government Regulation when FBI Director Louis Freeh outlined its basic provisions while testifying before
the panel Wednesday. Freeh said "we would recommend" that legislation be written requiring all encryption software or services made in or imported to the United States to have a feature "which would allow for the immediate, lawful decryption" of any scrambled messages used for illegal purposes or in a national security matter.
NATION AT RISK?
The White House, FBI and intelligence agencies claim that the proliferation of unbreakable encryption products puts the nation at risk. Criminals and terrorists are increasingly using unbreakable encryption products, Freeh
testified Wednesday. U.S. makers of encryption software claim that any government-mandated decoding features would make their products unacceptable to clients in the global marketplace. The new proposals outlined by Freeh also drew the ire of civil
liberties groups, which fear that any government controls on encryption products raise serious First Amendment and privacy concerns.
Placing such government-mandated controls on the domestic use and manufacture of encryption software, as well as on the import of encryption products, stands in marked contrast to current White House crypto policies. Currently,
the United States places strict regulations on the export of any encryption products that do make decoding keys available to law enforcement agencies. However, the administration has steadfastly maintained throughout the often
contentious public debate over encryption policies that it would not place any restrictions on the domestic use of encryption software, nor would it
restrict the import of encryption products. Despite Freeh's testimony and the draft legislation written with White House assistance, Reinsch said the administration's policy on encryption hasn't changed. "I want to emphasize that [in providing drafting assistance] we are
responding to committee requests," he said. "And those requests have been fairly directive, such as: 'Give us some examples of how we can better accommodate law enforcement needs.' " Currently, the White House is backing an encryption bill in the Senate called the Secure Public Networks Act, also known as S. 909. This bill would encourage the use of and set up guidelines for encryption software products with decoding keys. Under this plan, all coded messages would spin off a decoding key that would be stored with a government-approved third party. Law enforcement agencies, foreign or domestic, would be allowed access to those keys if they obtained a court-ordered warrant. The bill would not restrict or require any encryption software used in the United States, or restrict the import of any foreign crypto products. However, MSNBC has learned that the draft bill now circulating among members of the House and Senate specifically outlaws the "manufacture, distribution or import" of any encryption software product or communication device that does not "allow the immediate decryption" of all scrambled messages or communications "if used for illegal purposes." The bill also targets "network services," such as Internet Service Providers, that provide encryption capabilities to their clients.
BAN WOULD GO INTO EFFECT IN 1999
Under this proposed bill, if such encryption services are offered by a company like ISP, the service provider must build in a provision to allow
for immediate decryption of any scrambled messages, according to several sources that have seen the draft language. The software ban would
go into effect in January 1999.
Reinsch told MSNBC he wasn't sure that Freeh's testimony "accurately reflected" the language the White House offered in its technica
drafting for congressional committees. However, he indicated the administration was interested in Freeh's proposal.
"I'll be blunt about it," Reinsch said. If such a bill were approved by a congressional committee, the administration "would look very seriously at it and I imagine we would be very sympathetic to it," he said.
Opponents of proposals to require key for all encryption software blanched at Freeh's statements. "This proposal crosses a line that hasn't been crossed before in the area of domestic controls on crypto," said Alan
Davidson, policy analyst for the Center for Democracy and Technology. Davidson said a government mandate to provide immediate decryption capabilities would be like "forcing everyone to live in a glass house."
It also "trashes the Fourth Amendment," which guarantees a right to be protected from unlawful search and seizure, Davidson said.
Freeh told the Senate panel Wednesday that he isn't looking to expand law enforcement's investigative powers. Rather, he said, he is only looking for a "Fourth Amendment that works in the Information Age."

@_date: 1997-09-06 21:31:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: New GAK Bill 
This is shocking.
For a legal analysis of why mandatory domestic key escrow would not (most likely) be constitutional for non-commercial messages, see parts III & IV of:
     A. Michael Froomkin        | +1 (305) 284-4285; +1 (305) 284-6506 (fax)
Associate Professor of Law |
U. Miami School of Law     | froomkin at law.miami.edu
P.O. Box 248087            | Coral Gables, FL 33124 USA | It's hot here.
Here's an excerpt from the June version of the Secure Public
Networks Act (McCain-Kerrey Bill S.909), the revised draft bill now being circulated that Declan quoted:
TITLE I - DOMESTIC USES OF ENCRYPTION
SEC. 101. LAWFUL USE OF ENCRYPTION.
Except as otherwise provided by this Act or otherwise provided by law, it shall be lawful for any person within any State to use any encryption, regardless of encryption algorithm selected, encryption key length chosen, or implementation technique or medium used.
SEC. 102. PROHIBITION ON MANDATORY THIRD PARTY ESCROW OF KEYS USED FOR ENCRYPTION OF CERTAIN COMMUNICATIONS.
Neither the Federal Government nor a State may require the escrow of an encryption key with a third party in the case of an encryption key used solely to encrypt communications between private persons within the United States.
SEC. 103. VOLUNTARY PRIVATE SECTOR PARTICIPATION IN KEY
MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE.
The participation of the private persons in the key management infrastructure enabled by this Act is voluntary.
For full text of the June version:

@_date: 1997-09-07 00:39:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Hearings 
Declan, or anyone, are there any transcipts of this SAFE hearing,
or news reports, or other documents:
September 4, 1997
SECURITY AND FREEDOM THROUGH ENCRYPTION ACT
Committee on Commerce: Subcommittee on Telecommunications, Trade, and Consumer Protection held a hearing on H.R. 695, Security and Freedom Through encryption (SAFE) Act. Testimony was heard from Representatives Goodlatte and Lofgren; William P. Cowell, Deputy Director, NSA, Department of Defense; William A. Reinsch, Under Secretary, Export Administration, Department of Commerce; Robert S. Litt, Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Criminal Division, Department of Justice; and public witnesses.

@_date: 1997-09-07 01:01:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cyber Threat Fud 
WaPo mocks today a prez panel's gurglng for a $1B "cyber security" cleaver to lop-hand the world's HRH Harry-Hackers:
   Read how 3xlegal-limit limo-liz-NSA hot-wires dire Di-car-alarms, pillar plow not, how to shuck for xtra bux spying foes inside your Net warfare.

@_date: 1997-09-07 04:29:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cpunks War Dance, Feinstein Hari-Kari 
A Patent Falls, and the Internet Dances
By Peter Wayner
Saturday night a group of computer scientists, Internet fanatics and
Beltway politicos will gather in Washington, D.C.; Silicon Valley; and
Boston to celebrate the end of the patent granted to Whitfield Diffie
and Martin Hellman for a way to encrypt data. Feinstein's Remarks Rankle Constituents By Laurie J. Flynn
If Dianne Feinstein, California's voice in the U.S. Senate, were
looking for the fastest way to alienate her most powerful block of
voters, she may have found it this week.

@_date: 1997-09-07 08:03:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BXA Testimony at SAFE Hearing 
See William Reinsch's testimony on the administration's encryption policy at the September 4 SAFE hearing:
   Perhaps dissimulating, or not then clued to the draft GAK bill,
Reinsch states:
1. Foreign crypto products are not as widely available as export
control critics claim, and thus do not threaten US products.
2. The administration is against mandatory key escrow.
3. Finds the SAFE bill unhelpful but likes its crypto-criminalization
provision and favors McCain-Kerrey's Secure Public Network Act bill or other legislation that will:
  Expressly confirm the freedom of domestic users to choose   any type or strength of encryption.
  Explicitly state that participation in a key management   infrastructure is voluntary .
  Set forth legal conditions for the release of recovery   information to law enforcement officials pursuant to lawful   authority and provide liability protection for key recovery   agents who have properly released such information.
  Criminalize the misuse of keys and the use of encryption to   further a crime. 	    Offer, on a voluntary basis, firms that are in the business of   providing public cryptography keys the opportunity to obtain   government recognition, allowing them to market the   trustworthiness implied by government approval.
Leads to the testimony of NSA's Cowell and Justice's Litt would
be appreciated.
Representative Weldon remarked at length about encryption and
defense matters on September 4, supporting the administration's
     (46K)

@_date: 1997-09-07 20:36:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GAK Ploy 
Markoff reports today on the latest GAK ploy:
      Government officials disputed the idea that requiring
   decoding technology would necessarily mean the technology
   would be used.
   "There is nothing about putting this enabling technology
   into law that will inevitably lead to it being turned on,"
   said Robert Litt, a Deputy Assistant United States
   Attorney.
   The Administration is now moving on an effort to block
   legislation [SAFE] that is to be considered this week by the house
   Intelligence and National Security Committees. That
   legislation would end Government control over cryptographic
   systems. The Administration proposal is being offered as an
   amendment to that bill.

@_date: 1997-09-08 01:44:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cybercrime 
The domestic arms control and disarmament agencies are booming. Here are samples of the tech-law-money-gov-mil
market which are both threatened and job-protected by strong encryption for communication and secrecy (like the traditional terrorists of ACDA and closed-session committees
warning of "terrifying" arms going to uncontrollable rogues):
The Department of Justice's Computer Crime and Intellectual
Property Section (CCIPS):
   The FBI's Awareness of National Security Issues and Response
   National Counterintelligence Center's 1997 Report  on Foreign Information Collection and Industrial Espionage:
   The Digital Copyright Clarification Bill (S.1146):

@_date: 1997-09-08 06:08:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: A helluva way to run a country, er, a world 
Gosh, Declan, isn't Mike Nelson's endorsement a bit awkward
for an fight-censorship list? Not to mention his show and slather
the host at your do?
That's assuming your bash was not a Time-reimbursible. If
it was, then the WH rub-down and suck-up fits, and may god deliver the heaven-on-earth reward: White House Correspondent,
spin navvy to the free world leader.

@_date: 1997-09-08 06:29:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cryptoast Novel: Flame War 
Flame War, by Jonathan Quittner and Michelle Slatalla,
William Morrow, New York, 1997. 291 pp. $24.00
ISBN 0-688-14366-0
Jacket blurb:
As the U.S. Congress prepares to adopt a state-of-the-art
encryption program with a secret key that would allow
government access to all electronic communications, a
brilliant codemaker stands ready to expose the program's
critical flaw. Together with a determined band of
cypherpunks and hacker activists, he plans to unveil his
own code, which will ensure the privacy of all communication
on the Internet -- and that not even the government will
hold the key.
Fresh out of law school, Harry Garnet walks straight into
trouble when he accidentally delivers a deadly diskette
that explodes inside the computer of a mathematics
professor -- and kills him. In the aftermath, Harry joins
up with the man's clever daughter, Annie Ames, to track
the killer. Ther journey leads from a sleepy Adirondack
town to New York city, where -- with the inadvertent help
of Harry's scheming hacker friend Blaney -- Harry learns of the professor's connection to the anarchists and computer
phreaks who make up the underground Urban Crypto Militia.
The group's leader, Lionel Sullivan, is as talented a
codemaker as the professor had been. As the only one of
the bomber's intended victims who has managed to survive,
he can also offer Harry and Anne crucial insights into the
killer's motives. But it's not long before the bomber strikes
again -- this time against Harry and Annie, who still possess
the professor's secret computer files.
In a riveting race agaisnt time, Harry and Annie must navigate
secret networks and on-line fantasy worlds as they struggle to
unlock the professor's final message. It seems to point to a
fatal crack in the Patriot encryption program, which is about
to become the national standard -- and which Lionel and his
group are about to challenge in a dramatic showdown. Unless
the bomber gets to them first.
Jonathan Quittner and Michelle Slatalla's last book, a non-
fiction account of rival teenage gangs in cyberspace, was widely
praised for its novelistic texture and fast pace. Now, in
Flame War, they use their keen jounalistic instincts and eye
for detail to create a fictional world that's as fresh as
today's news -- and a climax that's plausible enough that it
could become tomorrow's headlines.
Joshua Quittner creted the website The Netly News and is a
columnist for Time magazine. Michelle Slatalla's work has
appeared in Wired magazine, among others, and has been
syndicated in two hundred newspapers nationwide. Together,
they are the authors of Masters of Deception: The Gang
That Ruled Cyberspace. The live on Long Island, New York,
with their two daughters (and another one on the way).

@_date: 1997-09-08 09:44:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Denning-Baugh on Crypto Crime 
See Dorothy Denning and William Baugh's testimony on
organized crime and terrorist use of crypto at Senator Kyl's September 3 hearing:

@_date: 1997-09-08 19:30:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GAK Hits 
Blasts of the GAK plot, maybe genuine, more likely appeals
for be-quiet-honey NDA-money:

@_date: 1997-09-08 20:15:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [LONG} Funding Cypherpunks Projects 
Tim and Bob's exchanges are quite informative, and may
their disagreements flower, for, as the solon said, the truth
comes out by hammer blows, not sweettalk.
I'd cite today's NYT article on brokers who find lucrative work
for programmers. The firm featured today is based
in Tim's area, Los Gatos.
The article describes the change in programmers' status
from talented, dutiful employees -- a small few of whom get
a big payoff with stock options, though most don't -- to free-lancers getting large fees for short-time work, up to
$200/hr and $300,000 per year. Not that all do so well.
It's a nice change from stories about the legal-financial
fairy tales about tough-minded start-ups and skeptical
VCs who never seem to actually risk nearly as much as those peddling all-they've-got codemaking talent.
Still, the talent-brokers, what do they do that the money
guys don't do better, except perhaps lay on the poor-baby, let me help you screw yourself on my behalf, thicker,
like all cream-skimmers and honey-pot raiders?

@_date: 1997-09-10 10:14:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Mondex Broken 
We've received from anonymous a report on breaking
Mondex's pilot system by TNO along with a confidential
1996 memo describing the break:
   TNO's Ernst Bovenlander gave some details of these    attacks (though he didn't mention Mondex as the target).    He showed an electron micrograph of a fuzed link in a    smartcard; while intact, this link activated a test mode in    which the card contents were simply dumped to the    serial port. The TNO attack was to bridge the link with    two microprobes. At the last RSA conference, Tom    Rowley of National Semiconductor reported a similar    attack on an unnamed chip using an ion beam to    rewrite the link .
Included is a letter from the Bank of New Zealand to Electronic Frontier Canada attempting to suppress publication of the memo.

@_date: 1997-09-12 20:58:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Nat Sec Moves 
NYT reports today on the administration's proposal to
allow more TLA access to medical records (as Attila
earlier noted). A last minute addition to the proposal was to
allow "intelligence agencies" to access the files.
   See the report at: A second report is on the return of Sun's supercomputer
by the Chinese after protest by the USG, as represented
by Domstic Export Czar Reinsch. Although Sun is reported to have
quickly provided the gov information to trace the machine,
it may be that the hit of refunding the purchase price is
what Elvis cost, and a warning to all other exporters who
don't toe the line.
What is happening is that borderless government is developing
in step with the borderless political and economic and legal
and technological enterprise. Distinctions between domestic and foreign are quickly disappearing in all fields, but especially in law enforcement and intelligence. Export controls will shortly
be indistinguishable form domestic controls -- in all nations
now acting in unison to protect their ... take you picks of legacy of protected interests.
Misbehave in any arena, and if you can't be punished as a
threat to domestic tranquillity, then the international enforcers
will whack you -- no place to hide, they hope, and pray, and
dig deeper into data mines.
Congressional briefings by TLAs surely include a sample of what's in
the dark holes of congressional members, if not with specifics,
then by insinuation. As all the world's previous Hoovers dared
to threaten the folks at home with enemies within, enemeies subject
to control by international forces -- commie, capital, anarch, western,
eastern, black, white, green. Only the secret files know who's what
flavor of the black budgetary year.

@_date: 1997-09-12 22:49:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 9-12-97 Cybertimes on crypto 
September 12, 1997
"House Committee Casts Wide Net With Encryption Vote" by Jeri Clausing
"Mockery and Fear Greet Encryption Plan" by Peter Wayner

@_date: 1997-09-14 01:52:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SAFE Gut Amendment 
Thanks to Declan we offer the full text of the "Amendment
in the Nature of a Substitue to H.R. 695 Offered by Mr. Goss
and Mr. Dicks," passed by the House Intelligence Committee on September 11.
     (63K)

@_date: 1997-09-14 08:39:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Nightmare Scenario: Public Key Distribution Controlled 
Does the following provision of the amendment lighten Tim's dim glim?
   " 2804. Encryption products manufactured and intended
   for use in the United States ...
   (d) USE OF PRIOR PRODUCTS LAWFUL.-- After    January 31, 2000, it shall not be unlawful to use any    encryption product purchased or in use prior to such    date.
[Bottom page 13]
That gives about 450 days to widespread stego, surrept onions and backchannels to prepositioned stashes. Max
use prior to.
Or, say to hell with it, coders will forever evade USCoders.

@_date: 1997-09-15 20:02:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Report on Privacy Loss 
NYT has a front page special report today on the booming
computer investigative industry which is using legal and
illegal means to mine and peddle personal, corporate and
political data, dirt and damaging secrets. As one nabbed
dick says, it's no longer ex-intel and ex-feebs who are
doing it, now the techies and beagles of all sorts have rubbed their eyes at the amazing golddust on their screens. It might boost the demand for crypto and other essential
tools for privacy, or it may just lead to more cyber-TLAs and -bounties willfully busting the wrong Jim Bells while warning their still-connected buddies of "court-okayed" wiretaps and traps.

@_date: 1997-09-17 09:51:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Court proceedings under new SAFE act 
Lucky Green asked about judges of the FISA court, and
Declan named Joyce Green.
The Chief Judge of FISA is Royce Lambert, who gave talk on C-SPAN about the operation of the court at an ABA conference in D.C. a few months ago.
He made the point that few applications for electronic
surveillance are turned down by the court (of 8,000 applications 12 were denied) because the judges coach the applicants until they get a request right. And that the DoJ teams are quite adept at complying with the court's requirements, because all pass muster first of a special office set up for that purpose.
Judge Lambert said the job is "a lot of fun" because
its deals with supremely critical events of national
urgency, and that all the judges involved really do like it, especially the secrecy and prestige of being part of one of the most exclusive groups in Washington. This is not a joke.
Indeed, the Chief joked that the court's role "may be constitutional." And then said that he'll probably get in trouble for the statement.
For how the snoop system is supposed to work see the Foreign Intelligence Suveillance Act:
     (107K)

@_date: 1997-09-18 14:24:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: New Computer Security Act 
The Computer Security Enhancement Act of 1997 (HR1903)
is intended to replace the Computer Security Act of 1987.
It redefines the role of NIST in meeting federal computer security and encryption requirements through cooperation of industry. Public use of encryption is also addressed in the bill.
Two lengthy reports on the bill have been issued recently, both
of which provide overviews of the current encryption debate.
House Report 105-243, published on September 3, provides a detailed analysis of the bill, hearings held, floor remarks and mark-ups since introduction:
     (115K)
And one published today includes recent floor remarks on encryption, mostly supportive of public use:
     (44K)
One point of contention is the evaluation of foreign encryption.
The original bill put that responsibility on NIST, but the latest version
deleted that and leaves the task to BXA (and unnamed others).
Moreover, there's dispute over committee jurisdiction for other Information security now attracts the swarm, with encryption the moths' beacon.

@_date: 1997-09-18 19:34:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: House Report on SAFE 
The National Security Committee report on SAFE is
     (48K)
This provides discussion of the Weldon-Dellums amendment
and other matters.
The Intel Committee report is due out shortly, which is
designated Part 4.

@_date: 1997-09-19 10:58:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: politics aren't all or nothing 
There's considerable push coming from domestic law enforcement
agencies of many types and jurisdictions. See letters some of them have made in support of encryption controls in a House statement by Representative Weldon (co-sponsor with Dellums of the National Security Committee amendment to gut SAFE):
   These letters are regularly cited Freeh to show that the FBI and other
federal agencies are not alone in pushing for GAK, and to remind legislators that the law and order folks at home are a threat to re-election if they don't "give something to law enforcement."
And, Freeh often reminds that half of wiretaps are state rather than federal, as shown in the 1997 annual report on electronic surveillance:
   This is not to diminish the signficance of the burgeoning national security agencies, especially the 13 members of the intelligence community and those new-born aspirants for funds to protect the commonweal -- nearly every governmental jurisdiction now aims to grab a piece of the Nat Sec booty being converted to dual- and domestic-use, usually through various "justice" and "law enforcement" programs:
   An avid drumbeater for more funding for protection against the nation's high-tech enemies (thus bringing the foreign wars home) is the President's Commission on Critical Infrastructure Protection (PCCIP). See a recent news report on PCCIP's call for $1 billion to fight the homefront foe:
   In short, there is a growing list of self-interested domestic parties who have a stake in GAK and you can bet they are leaning on their legislators just as hard as the federal briefers who whisper secrets
and lies celebrated this week for 50 years of domestic deception in the national interest.
Domestic controls on crypto and other munitions are just as certain to
come as the export kind, and for the same reasons -- security of the
state. If there are insufficient external enemies to justify stupendous public expenditures, why, just cook up the internal kind -- as done in the 1900s, the 1920s, the 1930s, the 40s, the 50s, the 60s, and to this day.
The Bible Code foretells all.

@_date: 1997-09-20 08:11:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Clinton's Pager Hacked 
Dave Wagner passed on a story about the hacking of
the White House Communications Agency's pager
system, with commentary on what was lifted and the
possible consequences for crypto policy:
   The full report on the hack is online at:
   With links to the transcript. The big-time media are about
to break the story worldwide according to Dave.

@_date: 1997-09-21 04:41:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Pearl Harbor Aggression (Was: 6 USAF Crashes in 7 days = InfoWar? (fwd) 
For answer to this consider:
There a number of countries who believe they are under just that
kind of Pearl harbor attack from the US through high-tech information warfare, electronic surveillance and related crypto control demands, especially the requirement for GAK in US and foreign-made products.
US leaders insistence that the US be 1st before all others in information technology, rightfully scares the shit out of our allies who
are distrusting the US more and more, perhaps even giving them
ideas about getting together with US enemies to beat back the Microsoft of nations. A counter-strike Pearl Harbor may be in the offing because of US belligerence and threat of Pearl Harboring others. (Recall the frequent invocation of this term by US reps, perhaps a clue to pre-emptive aggression in the works.)
The harping of US leaders on unidentified threats is making non-US
folks rather nervous, not being sure that the US may not turn on
its allies for the slightest of missteps or demurs, and cut off the
bountiful flow of global intel -- as the TLAs are now threatening Congressional committees. Crypto Czar Arons world consultations
were apparently thinly veiled threats to compel GAK compliance.
For an example, see a recent exchange on theukcrypto mail list between Ross Anderson and two DTI reps about the impact of
US GAK policy:

@_date: 1997-09-21 07:47:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FIPS for KMI 
It's worth looking closely at the Cryptography Key Recovery
System (CKRS) documents published recently as part of
the FIPS KMI program. A meeting is scheduled next
See the listing of the August Meeting reports at:
   They show how far the key recovery program has advanced.

@_date: 1997-09-21 10:44:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Rep. Loretta Sanchez Hits Crypto Controls 
The Sanchez statement is from House Report 105-108, Part 3, published September 12 by the National Security Committee, which describes the Weldon-Dellums amendment to SAFE.
See the full report at:
   The report includes a cost estimate by the Congressional Budget Officefor implementing SAFE. However, as far as
I can tell, the estimate does not include the cost of a GAK
system, and covers only the cost of export controls. Thus,
it appears to be vastly misleading.
               SUPPLEMENTAL VIEWS OF HON. LORETTA SANCHEZ
    Many of us when we think of encryption imagine the
``ENIGMA'' code breaking machines of World War Two or the
American Indian ``code talkers'' that helped us anticipate and
defeat Nazi and Imperial Japanese attacks. Those methods were
mechanical or human-based, and often depended on simple
arithmetical slight of hand to trick the enemy. Today,
encryption is complex mathematical algorithms that have become
an entirely new branch of mathematics involving intense
academic study.
    Until recently encryption was limited to governments and
large companies through U.S. export limitations and by the
limitations of existing hardware and software technologies. All
that began to change as the desktop computer became more
prevalent and the computing power available to the average user
jumped by leaps and bounds every year. When discussing the
power of the PC observers of the information technology
industry often predict that the computing power of
microprocessors would double roughly every 18 months.
    Because of this the rapidly developing speed and growth of
computers, the age of the ``unbreakable code'' has long since
passed. Manufacturers of encryption technology are engaged in a
rapidly accelerating race to develop the newest and strongest
code that can withstand attacks from the increasingly powerful
computers of the day. And it isn't just big companies and
governments that have the technology to break codes. Last
January, a graduate student broke a 40-bit code in just three-
and-a-half hours, the toughest code form American companies at
the time were allowed to export.
    Today, American companies are the world leaders in
encryption technology, but other companies and nations are
catching up. Strong encryption products and knowledge about the
science of cryptography is not limited to the United States. A
savvy computer user anywhere in the world can with just a few
clicks of the mouse find U.S. export-embargoed encryption. Many
freelancing code hackers maintain off-shore Internet meeting
sites to discuss the newest holes in encryption products.
    The proposed export controls which the Administration
argues helps to keep strong encryption out of the hands of
foreign adversaries will have little or no effect. Strong
encryption is available abroad and US companies are being put
at a competitive disadvantage in the global marketplace.
    With this bleak and seemingly hopeless picture in mind how
do we protect ourselves from the threat of rogue nations and
other adversaries cloaking their communications from American
National Security efforts? The only viable solution is through
supporting a robust and aggressively competitive cryptography
industry in the United States. We must ensure that the United
States continues to maintain the deepest pool of cryptographic
experts in the world. American export limitations will only
serve to create a brain drain of these precious resources as
leading scientists leave our shores for more lucrative and
accommodating surroundings.
    All of us care about our national security and no one wants
to make it any easier for criminals and terrorists to commit
criminal acts. But we must also recognize encryption
technologies as an increasingly sharp double-edged sword. It
can also aid law enforcement and protect national security by
limiting the threat of industrial espionage and foreign spying,
but only when Americans are able to produce the sharpest swords
and the strongest encryption.
    I would also like to state for the record that for the
reasons stated above, I do not support the Dellums-Weldon
Amendment to H.R. 695, and would have voted against it.
                                                   Loretta Sanchez.

@_date: 1997-09-22 01:39:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US Senate bans laptops 
Lucky Green wrote about banning lapdancing on the Senate floor:
Banning laptops continues a long tradition of congressional
resistance to technology, the Senate moreso than the House.
The Architect of the Capitol, an office as well as a person, has to deal with a heritage of Luddites who have resisted, as examples,
removal of cuspidors; installing women's facilities of all sorts: putting in air-conditioning (mechanical ventilation as well as cooling), electric lights, subterranean trams, elevators, smoke alarms, telephones!, telegraphs, electro-mechanical quorum and roll calls (bells, lights and pagers!), wheelchairs (just recently), and more -- virtually every invention has been delayed in the Capitol, along with compliance with the laws imposed on the country but not on hallowed halls.
Ex-AoCs sometimes leak the stupifying arguments the solons make for maintaining their supposedly superior lifestyles free of demanding gadgetry and popular fad: their preference is for human servants over devices in order
to maintian deniability, for while flesh and blood is what the beasts know best how to cajole, seduce and terrorize it is also the reason they remain ever ready for betrayal
and opportunistic one-night-stand switching of lifetime fidelity.
Blinking, recording, error-archiving, machines scare the shit out of the the fork-tongue power-aphrodisiacal nymphomaniacs, not to say that the rest of us would act so differently given a seat in inner circles of jerks getting lapdanced on a magic carpet -- who wants that in the National Archives of Perfidy?
Often the reason folks oppose new technology is that it threatens
their network of operations based on old technology, as the
case with encryption.
Still, it's worth considering what leaked Senate plaintext (gov, pol, illicit)  would induce the secrecy-obsessed senators to support strong crypto for their own privacy of stashed wealth and squelched Paulas?
Often new technology is resisted because that it threatens
networks of successful operations of barely legal scams based on old technology, as the case with encryption, tv, radio, telephone, telegraph, printing, highways, roads, trails, stars, evil eyes, body stench, intuition, fear, mother's milk, amniotic warmth, egg and dart, downhole non-existence.
To be sure, there are disclosures of red-faced liaisons, the sort
recorded in hallowed halls and red-flocked boudoirs, that the TLAs (mirroring the KGB) may be threatening Congress with, in the eye-opening publications of Kalliste. See:

@_date: 1997-09-22 19:45:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Letter 
We offer a recent letter from Jim Bell that describes
prison and his prospects:
   It is published against his wishes, maybe. Read the letter to
see the fear (or caginess) loss of freedom teaches.

@_date: 1997-09-25 01:59:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Intel Committee Report on SAFE 
The House Select Committee on Intelligence has published
its report on SAFE, including supporting and opposing
views of its controversial amendment, estimated costs
and analysis:
     (195K)

@_date: 1997-09-25 09:25:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Oxley Amendment 
Thanks to Ariel Glenn for pointing to CDT's for quick posting
of  the SAFE vote against Oxley-Manton, for Markey-White:

@_date: 1997-09-25 19:40:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Secrets: The CIA's War At Home 
Angus Mackenzie recounts in his new book the US intelligence agencies' and supporters' gradual erosion of Firt Amendment rights since the passage of the National Security Act of
   Secrets: The CIA's War At Home
   Angus Mackenzie
   University of California Press
   Berkeley, 1997. 241 pp. $27.50
   ISBN 0-520-20020-9
"Secrets" decribes the origination of the Freedom of Information Act and other legislation to make government secrets available, the battles to get the laws passed and to defend them against subsequent attacks by proponents of secrecy who invoke the National Security Act.
Mackenzie sets out the ways the intelligence industry, helped by
the Department of Justice and the courts, manipulates the media, other governmental agencies and the citizenry by force and by seduction, with special attention to how it coopts its ostensible opponents like the ACLU and investigative journalists.
He documents the undisclosed arrangments between the CIA and the
media to favor journalism at the public's expense in legislation and
in working relations.
He carefully traces the long-running campaign to limit governmental employees from revealing what they know through various non-disclosure and lifetime secrecy agreements, sometimes breached
by ex-agency heads who reveal secrets to boost careers.
The book amply documents the ongoing struggle, now 50 years
underway, to open the archives of domestic spying, new attempts to limit public access to governmental information, and moves to invade privacy.
Here are the book's closing paragraphs:
   By the 1990s, reflecting the general conservative shift in
   Congress, many House members were actively welcoming a
   secrecy oath. Consideration of the oath, less comprehensive
   than the standard contract, first came up in the House Select
   Committee on Intelligence during a discussion of the fiscal year
   (FY) 1992 Intelligence Authorization Act. That led to a House
   rule requiring the intelligence committee members and staff to
   sign the oath. Interest in broadening the use of the oath did not
   stop there, especially for committee member Porter J. Goss of
   Florida. Goss's ties to the CIA dated from 1962 and his ten year
   stint as a clandestine service officer at the Agency. He and his
   fellow enthusiast, Henry J. Hyde of Illinois, offered amendments
   to the FY 1993 and 1994 authorization acts that would require
   secrecy oaths from every member of the House. The
   amendments did not prosper, but when the 104th Congress
   convened on January 4, 1995, backers of the oath changed
   tactics. This time the oath requirement for every House member
   was included in the packet of rules from the House Conference
   of the Majority. It became a new rule without debate.
   In the mid-1980s, Jeane Kirkpatrick sounded the alarm about
   government censorship. Although a member of the Reagan
   administration's inner foreign policy circle, Kirkpatrick had a
   personal encounter with government censors over her refusal to
   sign the lifetime secrecy contract. Upon returning to her political
   science chair at Georgetown University from her post as U.S.
   United Nations ambassador, Kirkpatrick reexamined John Stuart
   Mill's classic essay On Liberty and delivered a lecture on
   censorship. "Societies are not made stronger by the process of
   repression that accompanies censorship," she warned.
   "Censorship requires an assumption of infallibility, and that
   seems to Mill invariably negative. Repression of an opinion is
   thus bad for the censor, who inevitably acts from a conviction of
   his own infallibility," she told her students, "and bad for the
   opinion itself, which can neither be corrected nor held with
   conviction equal to the strength of an opinion submitted to
   challenge."
   As the twentieth century draws to a close, the 1947 National
   Security Act has become the Pandora's box that Ambassador
   Kirkpatrick and Congressman Hoffman had feared. Placing a
   legal barrier between foreign intelligence operations and
   domestic politics in the National Security Act has proved
   ineffectual. In the decades that followed 1947, the CIA not only
   became increasingly involved in domestic politics but abridged
   First Amendment guarantees of free speech and free press in a
   conspiracy to keep this intrusion from the American people. The
   intelligence and military secrecy of the 1940s had broadened in
   the 1960s to covering up the suppression of domestic dissent.
   The 1980s registered a further, more fundamental change, as
   the suppression of unpopular opinions was supplemented by
   systematic and institutionalized peacetime censorship for the
   first time in U.S. history. The repressive machinery developed by
   the CIA has spread secrecy like oil on water.
   The U.S. government has always danced with the devil of
   secrecy during wartime. By attaching the word "war" to the
   economic and ideological race for world supremacy between
   the Soviet Union and the United States, a string of
   administrations continued this dance uninterrupted for fifty
   years. The cold war provided the foreign threat to justify the
   pervasive Washington belief that secrecy should have the
   greatest possible latitude and openness should be restricted as
   much as possible -- constitutional liberties be damned.
   With the collapse of the Soviet Union as a world power in 1990,
   even the pseudo-war rationale evaporated. But the partisans of
   secrecy have not been willing to accept the usual terms of
   peacetime. They have made clear their intentions to preserve
   and extend the wartime system. They will find a rationalization: if
   not the threat of the Soviet Union, then the goal of economic
   hegemony. Thus the U.S. government now needs to keep
   secrets to give an advantage to American corporate interests.
   Yet it is entrepreneurs who have been making the most use of
   FOIA -- not journalists, not lawyers. As of 1994, the great
   preponderance of all FOIA requests have been for business
   purposes. As the framers of the Constitution understood, the
   free exchange of ideas is good for commerce, but this idea has
   been widely forgotten in the years since the passage of the 1947
   National Security Act.
   Only recently in the history of the world's oldest republic has
   secrecy functioned principally to keep the American people in
   the dark about the nefarious activities of their government. The
   United States is no longer the nation its citizens once thought: a
   place, unlike most others in the world, free from censorship and
   thought police, where people can say what they want, when they
   want to, about their government. Almost a decade after the end
   of the cold war, espionage is not the issue, if it ever really was.
   The issue is freedom, as it was for the Minute Men at Compo
   Hill. The issue is principle, as it was for Ernest Fitzgerald, who
   never signed a secrecy contract but retained his Pentagon job
   because he made his stand for the First Amendment resonate in
   Congress. Until the citizens of this land aggressively defend
   their First Amendment rights of free speech, there is little hope
   that the march to censorship will be reversed. The survival of
   the cornerstone of the Bill of Rights is at stake.

@_date: 1997-09-27 21:36:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA/FBI Agreement 
There was an earlier request for info about the working
relationship between the NSA and the FBI. One of the
Memorandums of Understanding (MOU) between the
two was published as part of the NRC cryptography
   This a part of the report's excellent overview of governmental electronic surveillance, the agencies involved and their mandates in its expanded Section N:

@_date: 1997-09-28 09:51:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI Technical Assistance Draft 
Thanks to Willis Ware we offer the full text of the
FBI's August 28 "technical assistance draft" for encryption
legislation, a few paragraphs of which Declan posted here:
     (57K)
Although prepared to revise McCain/Kerrey's S 909 to satisfy law enforcement, it's the source for the various amendments to SAFE which copied much of it unchanged, and some portions
not yet lifted may foretell what's coming.

@_date: 1997-09-29 10:37:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: engineering infowar disasters (was Re: How the FBI/NSA forces can further twist SAFE) 
Phill warned Adam:
The WSJ reported recently on the comparatively lax security
of the principal US nodes of the Internet -- MAEs and such. The reporter located the facilities and spoke to several of the sys admins, most of whom were surprised at being IDed, and were reluctant to discuss security. Some did, though, and
shook their nogs at the ease with which the whole shebang could be trashed, claiming that for now it was only obscurity
that saved the net -- or at least its facilities -- and asked
the reporter not to tell the full story.
A similar report was written in a mag a few months back, with
a focus on the New Jersey facility (with photo), MAE, I think.
There was a discussion here in 1994 or so on the location of the landing points of transatlantic cables, many of which come
into New York City at obscure points along the coast, into
huts and shacks, actually, easily located by following the
cables shown on coastal maritime maps which neatly diagram every one of them to warn off shipping and dredging.
At that time some of the cpunks associated with the telco
and financial industries here (NYC) hinted at even worse security, especially the facilities kind, at the humongous hi-rise switching banks and highly accessible local distribution cablings into dank "secure" cells.
I pray that none of these remarks are seen as darkly conspiratorial, but merely chit-chat, like Phill's bark.

@_date: 1997-09-30 08:57:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Stew Baker on SAFE 
Thanks to Will Rodger we offer Stewart Baker's letter
to the Chairman Bliley of the House Commerce Committee on the Oxley/Manton amendment to SAFE, sent just before the vote:
   Compare it to his public analysis of the FBI technical
assistance draft:

@_date: 1997-10-01 10:30:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: AT&T Paper on Digital PCS 
Thanks to Bill Stewart we offer AT&T's white paper
on digital PCS which describes the system in detail
and its security features:
     (70K)

@_date: 1998-04-04 09:25:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: HIRF/EMI Source 
The USAF's 22-volume 1996 investigation of the Ron Brown
plane crash supposedly offers in Volume 2 one of the best unclassified recent accounts of High Intensity Radio Frequency (HIRF) and electromagnetic interference (EMI). We've been told that the report's available only in hardcopy from the Air Force -- a few copies were publically released
in June 1996 at a Pentagon press conference. We'd like to get a copy of Volume 2 to scan the HIRF and EMI parts but cannot locate the proper office for a request --  does not appear to offer the report.
We'd appreciate hearing from anyone who might have access to Volume 2 and would be willing to loan or know how we can get it.
State's Jamie Rubin yesterday confirmed Russia's SIGINT
operation at Lourdes, Cuba but declined comment on the US counterpart. Dave Emery wrote about this awhile back:
   Someday we might learn what the US military knows about EMI attacks on critical infrastructure, planes, ships, trains and limos -- theirs and ours.

@_date: 1998-04-05 15:37:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: What's up in SASEBO, or Don't Tug The Beard 
Correct, David. Following your notice, we saved Ft. Bragg's
utility listing on April 2 and downloaded its military-grade pgp262 for patriotic display in the public interest at:

@_date: 1998-04-05 20:08:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Leahy's Crypto Wake-up Call 
Excerpt from Congressional Record, April 2, 1998:
WAKE-UP CALL ON ENCRYPTION
  Mr. LEAHY. In my view, encryption legislation should promote the following goals:
  First, legislation should ensure the right of Americans to choose how to protect the privacy and security of their communications and information;
  Second, legislation should bar a government-mandated key escrow encryption system;
  Third, legislation should establish both procedures and standards for access by law enforcement to decryption keys or decryption assistance for both encrypted communications and stored electronic information and only permit such access upon court order authorization, with appropriate notice and other procedural safeguards;
  Fourth, legislation should establish both procedures and standards for access by foreign governments and foreign law enforcement agencies to the plaintext of encrypted communications and stored electronic information of United States persons;
  Fifth, legislation should modify the current export regime for encryption to promote the global competitiveness of American companies;
  Sixth, legislation should not link the use of certificate authorities with key recovery agents or, in other words, link the use of encryption for confidentiality purposes with use of encryption for authenticity and integrity purposes;
  Seventh, legislation should, consistent with these goals of promoting privacy and the global competitiveness of our high-
tech industries, help our law enforcement agencies and national security agencies deal with the challenges posed by the use of encryption; and
  Eighth, legislation should protect the security and privacy of information provided by Americans to the government by ensuring that encryption products used by the government interoperate with commercial encryption products.
  Do you agree with these goals?
  Mr. ASHCROFT. Yes, I agree with these goals and will look to these same items as a reference point for the drafting, introducing and passage of encryption reform legislation.
  Mr. LEAHY. Would the Senator agree to work with me on encryption legislation that achieves these goals and that we could bring to the floor this Congress?
  Mr. ASHCROFT. Yes. I believe it is critical for us to address this issue and soon. I also believe that we should work together to produce a piece of legislation that demonstrates our position on encryption policy.
Full remarks:   (18K)

@_date: 1998-04-06 08:03:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Info War Festival 
Ars Electronica Festival 98 INFOWAR - information. macht. krieg.
7. - 12.9.1998
Linz, Austria
Presse - Information [Excerpts]
20.3.1998 Ars Electronica, one of the world's most highly-acclaimed festivals at the interface of art, technology and society, has been presented annually since 1979. INFOWAR, the title of this year's festival, places the strategies of data-supported wars - from the Gulf Conflict to the skirmishes of cyberguerillas - into the focal point of artistic as well as
theoretical and scientific interest, to thereby shed light on the internal logic of the information society in connection with war. Numerous events, installations, network projects, performances and a symposium make up the festival's program to confront and deal with this subject. Symposium INFOWAR
September 8 - 9, 1998 New weapons systems and military strategies will not exclusively occupy the middle point of these discussions. The aim is to elaborate on "information as a strategic weapon," the power of the media as political power, the new potential hot spots of conflict and new images of "enemy" in an information society characterized by global economic and financial markets. But this also has to do with hacker myths, cryptography, electronic bugging operations, and the serious concerns regarding national security versus private citizens' fears of the complete loss of the right of privacy. This symposium will deploy works of art and artistic responsibility as methods for coming to terms with these issues and achieving increased sensibility toward them. The information society - no longer a vague promise of a better future, but a reality and a central challenge of the here-and-now
- is founded upon the three key technologies of electricity,
telecommunications and computers: Technologies developed for the purposes, and out of the logic, of war, technologies of simultaneity and coherence, keeping our civilian society in a state of permanent mobilisation driven by the battle for markets, resources and spheres of influence. A battle for supremacy in processes of economic concentration, in which the fronts, no longer drawn up along national boundaries and between political systems, are defined by technical standards. A battle in which the power of knowledge is managed as a profitable monopoly of its distribution and dissemination. The latest stock market upheavals have laid bare the power of a global market, such as only the digital revolution could have fathered, and which must be counted as the latters most widely-felt
direct outcome. The digitally-networked market of today wields more power than the politicians. Governments are losing their say in the international value of their currencies; they can no longer control, but only react. The massive expansion of freely-accessible
communication networks, itself a global economic necessity, imposes severe constraints on the arbitrary restriction of information flows. Any transgression of a critical control functions in the cybertechnologies sphere of responsibility and influence puts central power wielders in a hitherto unheard-of position of vulnerability and openness to attack. The geographic frontiers of the industrial age are increasingly losing their erstwhile significance in global politics, and giving way to vertical fronts along social stratifications. Whereas, in the past, war was concerned with the conquering of territory, and later with the control of production capacities, war in the 21st century is entirely concerned with the acquisition
and exercise of power over knowledge. The three fronts of land, sea and air battles have been joined by a fourth, being set up within the global information systems. Spurred on by the "successes" of the Gulf war, the development of information warfare is running at full speed. Increasingly, the attention of the military strategists is turning away from computer-aided warfare - from potentiation of the destructive efficiency of military operations through the
application of information technology, virtual reality and high-tech weaponry - to cyberwar, whose ultimate target is nothing less than the global information infrastructure itself: annihilation of the enemys computer and communication systems, obliteration of his databases, destruction of his command and control systems. Yet increasingly the vital significance of the global information infrastructure for the functioning of the international finance markets compels the establishment of new strategic objectives: not obliteration, but manipulation, not destruction, but infiltration and assimilation. "Netwar" as the tactical deployment of information and disinformation, targeted at human understanding. These new forms of post-territorial conflicts, however, have for some time now ceased to be preserve of governments and their ministers of war. NGOs, hackers, computer freaks in the service of organised crime, and terrorist organisations with high-tech expertise are now the chief actors in the cyberguerilla nightmares of national security services and defence ministries. In 1998, under the banner of "INFO WAR", the Ars Electronica Festival of Art, Technology and Society, is appealing to artists, theoreticians and technologists for contributions relating to the social and political definition of the information society. The emphasis here will lie not on technological flights of fancy, but on the fronts drawn up in a society that is in a process of fundamental and violent upheaval.

@_date: 1998-04-06 09:33:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MCs Write Clinton on Crypto 
More congressionals are sending POTUS cryptograms:
   Richard A. Gephardt, M.C.
Zoe Lofgren, M.C.
Vic Fazio, M.C.
Martin Frost, M.C.
Sam Gejdenson, M.C.
John Conyers, Jr., M.C.
Edward J. Markey, M.C.
Anna G. Eshoo, M.C.
Rick Boucher, M.C.
Calvin M. Dooley, M.C.
James P. Moran, M.C.
Adam Smith, M.C.

@_date: 1998-04-07 12:21:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Canada's Crypto Policy 
Thanks to mctaylor and Carrie Bendzsa at Entrust we offer her transcription of the recent Entrust roundtable on Canada's Cryptography Policy:
     (113K)
Good, vigorous discussion of how US export policy inhibits
Canada's crypto policy and commerce. And what might be done to get the CA gov to defy the supercop without getting shackled like US miscreants.

@_date: 1998-04-08 16:31:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CIA Joins MCC 
There's a recent notice that the CIA has become an
associate member of the Microelectronics and Computer Technology Corporation , the research consortium of several high-tech firms located in Austin. The notice also lists a project there called "InfoSleuth." See the notice (among other national security opportunities) at:
   A reporter working on the story has asked for any information
on the CIA enrollment and InfoSleuth. Send it to her, or
to me if a cut-out is needed:
Heather Harreld, senior reporter covering security at
Federal Computer Week in Washington.
heather at fcw.com

@_date: 1998-04-08 16:54:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cell Phones of State 
The State Dept Press Briefing today:
   MR. RUBIN:  I'm sorry I didn't come earlier, and I didn't    know that cell phones were permitted in the briefing room,    but I guess they are. Remember that phrase "cell phones",    it will come back in the next 24 hours.
Nothing else about it during the briefing. Curious, unless it refers
to the Senate's approval on April 1 of S.493, The Wireless Telephone Protection Act, which incorported amendments by the House of HR 2460, and that Clinton is expected to
sign it shortly.
Still, maybe State is going to announce something more
dramatic about SIGINT.
See S.493:

@_date: 1998-04-08 17:22:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MCC Projects 
MCC's InfoSleuth 1 and 2, as well as a host of
intriguing intelligence, surveillance and lots of
prying, hiding, and TA projects are listed and linked at:
   The IC booty is plentiful in Austin, hooray for the
cpunks there. Time for an international get together
deep in the heart of Tejas.

@_date: 1998-04-09 10:55:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Report on Crypto Risks 
Federal Computer Week  of April 6
lists an article by Heather Harreld, "An NSA report details the risks of encryption technology," which is not
available online. So far Ms. Harreld has not responded to a request
for a copy, so if someone has a hardcopy we'd be grateful for a fax:
Fax: 212-799-4003.

@_date: 1998-04-09 17:17:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Secure Cell Phones for State 
U.S. State Dept Press Briefing today:
Briefer: James Rubin
Now, I have a piece of show-and-tell for you, which I do rarely around
here.  But I thought this was interesting enough, even for you cynical
and jaded journalists.  This is a secure cell phone.  Lieutenant General
Kenneth Minihan, Director of the National Security Agency, presented
Secretary Albright with a bank of Motorola Cipher-Tac 2000 security
modules to provide secure cellular communications.
This state of the art secure voice cellular technology will offer the
highest level of security wherever and whenever the Secretary and her
top advisors need to protect their communications.  So when you see us
carrying this beast around, rather than the slim-line phones we usually
like to use, you'll know that's because we're trying to have a secure
call.  That is not only for the obvious good reason that we want to make
sure nobody is interfering, but we also want to make sure that nobody is
making transcripts and passing them around for a variety of perfidious
So this here is the original, first secure cell phone to be delivered to
Secretary Albright, and we thought you guys might get a kick out of
Would anyone know the security technology of this unit and its support
system? And how it compares to those of competitors in the US and

@_date: 1998-04-10 06:45:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Denning 98 
Dorothy Denning's Spring 98 course schedule provides an informative
overview and recommended readings:
   Information Warfare: Terrorism, Crime, National Security
   The 1997 course was discussed here last year, along with criticism
of a parallel student web site on criminal use of encryption, as noted
by anonymous on UK Crypto:

@_date: 1998-04-10 16:01:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Secure Cell Phones for State 
Motorola's site is informative (thanks for the pointers and comments), and perhaps cannot reveal the detail needed to compare security level to other systems in the US and other countries. Dave Emery probes the tech questions a bit and I'll go further, with Adam Shostack and others, to ask as a citizen why we cannot purchase the level of cell phone privacy that our gov and mil folks can with our money (a return to the NSA-crippled algo of CMEA and CAVE).
There has been some discussion of this on UK Crypto about
the various telco security systems in Europe and the same
critique of a double standard has been made. Cell phone
manufacturers would have a big stake in who gets the best
security to the global public first.
Moreover, as Scientific American points out in its special
section this month, applications of wireless technology are rapidly growing for a host of new information distribution,
collection and interactive purposes. The need for security
of this data floating through the spectrum could hardly
be greater, not only for privacy but for prtoection against tampering, insertion of disinformation, and a variety of new ways to warp data to fit schemes the owners and originators never dreamed of. Is end to end encryption of the STU-III sort going to be needed for all wireless or are there other plans in the works
at TLAs and TIAs?
It would be greatly appreciated if those who may be
tongue-tied by NDA and worse, if we were pointed in the
right direction by, say, semaphore, to the likely places
where we can dig out, say, by FOIA, what we need to know about Albright-privileged wireless security.
Finally, are the TAC-2000 units useful for the Secretary's
global travels? If so, are they supported by military networks overseas? Or do American officials use a different system
when traveling?
Note: We're commencing a log of this discussion of this topic from several lists at:

@_date: 1998-04-10 17:02:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA on GAK Risks 
Federal Computer Week, April 6, 1998:
NSA report details risks of key-recovery technology
The National Security Agency has prepared a report that may be the first federal government documentation of the potential risks posed by the encryption technology that has been at the center of a raging debate between the Clinton administration and industry.
The report, "Threat and Vulnerability Model for Key Recovery," pointed out that certain law enforcement agents and officials operating key-recovery centers could pose the greatest threat to a key-recovery system -- and to the users' data, which is encrypted by the system -- if proper security mechanisms were not in place.
Full article:
     (5K)
Any leads on getting a copy of the NSA report would be

@_date: 1998-04-13 09:02:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA GAK Report Coming 
Heather Harreld of Federal Computer Week writes that the full
NSA critique of key recovery will be on its Web site soon,
probably tomorrow:
   In the meantime, FCW has put online Ms. Harreld's article
on the NSA report:

@_date: 1998-04-13 09:30:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Elint Memoir 
One of the earliest reports on NSA's global electronic interception program appeared in Ramparts magazine
in 1972, which published a lengthy interview with a
young former NSA analyst, "U.S. Electronic Espionage:
A Memoir":
     (84K)
James Bamford, Duncan Campbell, Nicky Hager and others have since confirmed what the analyst revealed then and greatly extended what was at the time doubted as a young man's anti-war exaggeration. NSA, according to Bamford, decided to not prosecute in the hope that no one would believe such astonishing claims of electronic violation of friends and foes. See The Puzzle Palace,
p. 334 (paper editon).
Bamford says Perry Fellwock was the name of the anonymous analyst, first called Winslow Peck, a pseudonym. Would anyone
happen to know where Fellwock is these days? That's on the
assumption that Fellwock is not a deeper pseudo than Peck.
What knocked me over was Fellwock saying that the location of the NSA training school was at Goodfellow Air Force Base, San Angelo, Texas, from whence this counterspy originates. We were told the base was mothballed, kept pickled only for
local pork. No doubt, NSA was never there, and "Fellwock" was just continuing to do his disinfo job via Ramparts.

@_date: 1998-04-13 11:30:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GSM cellphones cloned 
Yes, indeed, for a smart hack and PR, and to John Gilmore for smiling out of today's NYT report on the free software conference last week.

@_date: 1998-04-14 05:41:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on GSM Hack 
The New York Times, April 14, 1998, pp. D1, D5.
   Researchers Crack Code In Cell Phones       Weakened Encryption Raises Security Concern    By John Markoff
   San Francisco, April 13 -- In successfully cracking a
   widely used encryption method designed to prevent the
   cloning of digital cellular phones, a group of University
   of California computer researchers believe they have
   stumbled across evidence that the system was deliberately
   weakened to permit Government surveillance.
   The method that was cracked is known as G.S.M., for the
   Groupe Speciale Mobile standard. The world's most widely
   used encryption system for cellular phones, G.S.M. is
   employed in about 80 million of the devices worldwide and
   by as many as two million phones in the United States.
   Most of the 58 million American analog and digital cell
   phones are based on a variety of other methods, but 20
   American cellular phone companies, including Pacific Bell,
   a unit of SBC Communications Inc., and the Omnipoint
   Corporation, use the G.S.M. standard.
   Two researchers at the University of California at Berkeley
   announced today that they had successfully broken the
   G.S.M. method by using a computer to determine a secret
   identity number stored in the Subscriber Identity Module,
   or S.I.M., a credit card-like device inside the phone.
   If criminals were to crack the method, they could "clone"
   phones protected by G.S.M. encryption -- that is, detect a
   phone's number and use it in another phone to fraudulently
   bill calls. However, both the researchers and cellular
   telephone company officials said today that the cloning
   threat was extremely remote compared with the vulnerability
   of analog cellular phones.
   For one thing, they said, cracking G.S.M. had required
   almost 10 hours of electronic probing and high-powered
   computing.
   What was even more intriguing than the security threat,
   however, was that cracking the code yielded a tantalizing
   hint that a digital key used by G.S.M. may have been
   intentionally weakened during the design process to permit
   Government agencies to eavesdrop on cellular telephone
   conversations.
   Although the key, known as A5, is a 64-bit encryption
   system -- generally an extremely difficult code to crack --
   the researchers determined that the last 10 digits were
   actually zeros. That means that with the powerful computers
   available to national intelligence agencies, it would be
   possible to decode a voice conversation relatively quickly,
   said Marc Briceno, director of the Smartcard Developers
   Association, a small programmers organization.
   "It appears the key was intentionally weakened," he said.
   "I can't think of any other reason for what they did."
   For years, the computer industry has been rife with rumors
   about encryption designers having been persuaded or forced
   by Government spy agencies to mathematically weaken
   communications security systems or to install secret
   backdoors. Some of the rumors even have the National
   Security Agency or the Central Intelligence Agency posing
   as cryptographers, designing the encryption programs
   themselves and then releasing them -- all to insure that
   they could decode data or phone conversations.
   Such rumors are fed, in part, by the hazy origins of the
   G.S.M. system. Industry cryptographic experts said that the
   underlying mathematical formulas, or algorithms, in
   G.S.M.'s encryption design were thought to have originated
   in either Germany or France as part of the creation of the
   standard in 1986 and 1987.
   But other than today's hint of an intentionally weakened
   system, little evidence has ever emerged to support
   speculation, and the researchers' suspicions were not
   universally endorsed.
   "It's possible there are other reasons for doing this,"
   Stewart Baker, a Washington lawyer who was formerly a
   lawyer for the National Security Agency, said. The N.S.A.
   is one of the agencies most often suspected of such schemes
   because a major part of its mission is to intercept
   telephone calls.
   "Speculation is easy, and it never dies," Mr. Baker said.
   Even so, most industry experts could think of no good
   reason why an encryption algorithm key would be
   intentionally shortened, other than to facilitate
   surveillance.
   "This was deliberately weakened," said Phil Karn, an
   engineer at Qualcomm Inc., a cellular telephone
   manufacturer that has developed an alternative standard to
   G.S.M. "Who do you think would be interested in doing
   something like this?"
   The weakened key was discovered by two researchers, Ian
   Goldberg and David Wagner, both members of the University
   of California at Berkeley's Internet Security Applications,
   Authentication and Cryptography Group, with the aid of Mr.
   Briceno. They stressed that they had easily detected the
   security flaw that could make digital cellular phones
   vulnerable to cloning.
   Cloning has been a costly fraud problem for.many years. But
   digital phones are widely believed to be immune from
   cloning. In San Francisco, Pacific Bell's billboard
   advertisements depict a sheep and a cell phone and boast
   that of the two only the cell phone cannot be cloned.
   Cellular telephone industry executives acknowledged the
   flaw in G.S.M. but said it actually reinforced their claims
   about the security of digital telephones.
   "My hat goes off to these guys they did some great work,"
   said George Schmitt, president of Omnipoint. "I'll give
   them credit, but we're not at any risk of fraud."
   The researchers and the Smartcard Developers Association
   said that the successful attack was new evidence of the
   shortcomings of a widespread industry practice of keeping
   security techniques hidden from public review. Real
   security, they argue, requires publication of the
   algorithms so that independent experts can verify the
   strength of the systems.
   "This shows yet again a failure of a closed design
   process," Mr. Briceno said. "These companies pride
   themselves on their security, but now the chickens are
   coming home to roost."
   [End]

@_date: 1998-04-14 16:36:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA GAK Report Up 
Federal Computer Week has put the NSA critique of key
recovery on its Web site:
   See a related FCW article today about it at:
   The blacked out portions of the diagrams await decoding.

@_date: 1998-04-14 18:15:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: More on Global SIGINT 
Ramparts in 1972 was indeed the starting point.   Sadly, many subsequent
reporters later confused what "Winslow Peck" [= Perry (not Peter) Fellwock,
which *is* his true name]  wrote about "keyword" interception of
international telephony traffic.  The story from then on ..
Early in 1976, Winslow came to London.  I interviewed him at length and
then carried out my own research on GCHQ.  I then published an article in
Time Out, June 1976, called the Eavesdroppers which did for GCHQ and the UK
what Winslow did for NSA and the US.    My co-author was another American
journalist, a Time Out staffer called Mark Hosenball.
The Eavesdroppers was the first (and full) description of what GCHQ was and
did.   There had been no previous article, although World In Action had
attempted a programme in 1972.
GCHQ's directors were apoplectic.  The more so because the combined efforts
of the GPO (who tapped my phone from May 76 onwards), the Special Branch
and MI5 (who followed MH and me around) revealed that we had actually got
the article out *without* breaking the Official Secrets Act.   I had done
my research from open technical sources, and (!) telephone directories;
Peck, as an American wasn't covered by the British law.  But they got even.   Hosenball, an American, was declared a threat to
national security and deported.   Philip Agee, the famous whistleblower
from the CIA, was added in to the deportation list.
Seven months later, I *was* arrested in the furore over their deportations
together with another Time Out reporter, Crispin Aubrey.   We had talked to
a former British sigint operator, John Berry.   The case became known as
"ABC" after our initials.   Over the coming two years, I was accused of
having too much information and faced two counts of espionage as well as
one of breaching section 2 of the Official Secrets Act (a law which was
repealed almost ten years ago now).   These counts totalled a potential
sentence of 30 years imprisonment.   At Court 1 in the Old Bailey in October 1978, this disgaceful prosecution -
which marked the high water point of MI5's manic campaigns against
"internal subversion" - fell apart.   The story has just recently been told
in the delightful autobiography of Geoff Robertson QC, who was then my no 2
lawyer.  His book is called "The Justice Game".    Maybe its time for me
own autobio ...
Mrs Thatcher put GCHQ firmly on the world map with the union ban, 5 years
later.   And now ...
Philip Agree is married to a ballerina and lives in Germany.
Mark Hosenball is a reporter in Washington.
Perry Fellwock is a lobbyist in Washington.
Crispin Aubrey is an organic farmer in Somerset
John Berry is a social worker in Somerset.	
NSA and GCHQ are still listening. And I'm signing off for now.

@_date: 1998-04-15 18:31:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Commerce Report on the Digital Economy 
Thanks to Jay Holovacs we've put Daley's press conference
remarks and an executive summary of the "The Emerging
Digital Economy" at:
    And we offer the main text of the full report at:
      (164K, plus 11 images)
It's available from Commerce in separate HTML chapters or the full text with appendices in PDF (300 pages) at:

@_date: 1998-04-16 05:02:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Daley Deal 
The New York Times, April 16, 1998, p. D2.
   Commerce Secretary Seeks Compromise on Encryption
     Administration Reconsiders F.B.I. Position
   By Jeri Clausing
   Washington, April 15 -- The Clinton Administration's attempts to
   control encryption technology have been a failure and are forcing
   American software makers to concede ground to foreign
   competitors, Commerce Secretary William M. Daley said today.
   Mr. Daley's remarks, made in a speech here to the high-technology
   industry, were the strongest indication yet that the
   Administration was seriously considering parting ways with Louis
   Freeh, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and
   other law enforcement and spy agencies over the issue of how data
   should be scrambled.
   "We are headed down a lose-lose path, and we have to get back to
   win-win," Mr. Daley said. He blamed both industry and law
   enforcement officials for the failed policy, saying that the two
   sides had failed to find a reasonable compromise between the need
   to monitor the activities of criminals and the need to offer
   consumers strong security for on-line transactions.
   The purpose of his speech today was to release the Commerce
   Department's first comprehensive report on the impact of
   electronic commerce on the nation's economy. The report shows
   that information technology, including business on the Internet,
   is growing twice as fast as the overall economy, employing some
   7.4 million workers at salaries 64 percent above the national
   average.
   But while the report was full of impressive numbers and glowing
   predictions for the future, Mr. Daley said that strong encryption
   and a solid encryption policy were essential if electronic
   commerce was to realize its full potential.
   Mr. Daley's blunt comments marked the first public acknowledgment
   that the Clinton Administration's encryption policy had failed.
   And his remarks echoed what the industry has contended for years
   -- that foreign companies are fast taking over the high-demand
   market for products that protect the privacy of communications.
   The software industry is currently prohibited from exporting
   strong encryption programs, which scramble data in ways that make
   it difficult or impossible for unauthorized people -- including
   law enforcement agencies -- to decode. Such software is essential
   to electronic commerce, which requires that credit card
   information and other private data be encrypted when products are
   ordered on the Internet.
   The software industry has long argued that the export rules put
   American companies at a great disadvantage relative to foreign
   competitors not under such restrictions. Mr. Freeh and the
   National Security Agency argue that the threat of terrorists and
   other criminals scrambling data to thwart law enforcement is so
   great that the export restrictions should be removed only if the
   police are given keys to unlock encrypted data.
   At the end of 1997, Mr. Daley said, an estimated 656 encryption
   products were being produced in 29 countries outside the United
   States. Products from Germany, Ireland, Canada, Israel and
   Britain can compete with anything made domestically, he said, and
   can meet the needs of the world's computer networks.
   "Our policy, ironically, encourages the growth of foreign
   producers at the same time it retards growth here," Mr. Daley
   said. He called for a sincere dialogue between industry and law
   enforcement, but stopped short of saying that the Administration
   would withdraw its support of the F.B.I. and N.S.A. position.
   "There are solutions out there," Mr. Daley said. "Solutions that
   would meet some of law enforcement's needs without compromising
   the concerns of the privacy and business communities. But I fear
   our search has thus far been more symbolic than sincere.
   "The cost of our failure will be high. The ultimate result will
   be foreign dominance of the market. This means a loss of jobs
   here, and products that do not meet either our law-enforcement or
   national security needs."
   Mr. Daley declined to offer examples of what the Administration
   might be willing to give up to reach an agreement.
   Industry officials, however, said there was no room for
   compromise.
   "People want complete privacy," Peter F. McCloskey of the
   Electronic Industries Alliance said.
   Harris N. Miller, president of the Information Technology
   Association of America, said that companies were willing to
   continue discussions with the Administration, but he asserted
   that Government officials "think compromise is something in the
   middle; sometimes compromise is found outside of the box."
   Mr. Miller said that the solution needed to be a technical one,
   perhaps one that gave law enforcement better training and
   equipment to crack encrypted criminal communications without
   requiring that everyone hand over spare keys to their computer
   files.
   "Law enforcement has legitimate concerns," Mr. Harris said. "What
   we disagree with is their demand for unlimited access."
   [End]

@_date: 1998-04-20 05:23:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GSM Security Study 
The GSM consortium claims that the recent cloning was not actually cloning, that the SIM crack was not news, that it is ridiculous to claim that US intelligence deliberately crippled A5, and that customers should not be alarmed:
   To assess this spin we offer extracts of a 1998 GSM System Security Study:
     (44K + 3 images)

@_date: 1998-04-21 17:27:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DoD Zips Echelon 
DoD News Briefing
Tuesday, April 21, 1998 - 1:45 p.m. (EDT)
Briefer: Captain Mike Doubleday, USN, DASD (PA)
        Q: Can you comment about a report recently to the European parliament concerning the development these last years of U.S. and British eavesdropping system called Echelon.
        A: I'm sorry to say I have absolutely nothing on that.

@_date: 1998-04-21 19:23:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GAO's Latest on Domestic Terrorism 
The General Accounting Office published today its April 9 report to Congress, "Combating Terrorism: Threat and Risk Assessments Can Help Prioritize and Target Program Investments." It reviews the status of the domestic preparedness program, and recommends that for continued funding cities be required to perform threat and risk assessments.
There's interesting discussion about the Feds sharing sensitive intelligence with locals. And, FEMA questions if it
will be legal to require cities to perform the assessments.
The report is available from GAO in PDF format:
     (363K)
We offer an HTML conversion:
     (78K + 4 images)

@_date: 1998-04-24 07:11:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI Sued on CALEA 
NYT's John  Markoff reports today on a suit to be filed today by the cellular phone industry against CALEA regs on wiretapping -- alleging improper FBI guidelines under
the legislation. A lead on getting a copy of the filing would be appreciated; U.S. District Court in Washington DC is
the venue.

@_date: 1998-04-24 08:09:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Programmers flee Y2K problem -- and we're spooked too 
Didn't Hal Finney recently debunk Y2K apocalyptic millenarianism?
Or is Y2K-mongering now competing with the elint industry for more domestic preparedness for techno-seancing, tap, tap, tap?
Pray 00-00-00 unplugs the global Echelons.

@_date: 1998-04-24 12:08:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Programmers flee Y2K problem -- and we're spooked too 
Here's a Y2K contribution:
<199804141929.PAA08881 at dewdrop2.mindspring.com>
Ok, here it is (the largest attachment I've done so far ;-) [See end]
Here is the skinny....
IRS is going to award the contract for its Y2K remediation
sometime in October, which is of course a joke.  By most
estimates they have on the order of 100million lines of
code to fix, much of it flakey and undocumented.  Any
Autocoder programmers left?  Anyway, the CIO of the
IRS quit recently and this file (prime.pdf) was his plea
for help before he left and bought gold or something.
If you go to the IRS page that Gary North references
this document is just plain gone.  Its extremely telling
if you look at the data flow diagrams for IRS administrative
systems.  Its so huge that a I had to zoom in 4 or 5 times
before subsystem names started to resolve.  I downloaded this
when it was posted because after reading it I knew someone
would eventually yank it.
PS: Some quick math: 100 million lines of code/1 million
lines per year = 100 years to fix.  1 million lines
per year is how fast the Social (in)Security Administration
was able to fix their code and even they won't be
compliant.  ;-)
Feel free to post this message (but not the attachment ;-)
to cypherpunks.

@_date: 1998-04-26 05:42:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GSM A5 Papers 
We would be grateful for assistance in obtaining copies of the
following papers, particularly the first:
  S J Shepherd, "Cryptanalysis of the GSM A5 Cipher Algorithm",
  IEE Colloquium on Security and Cryptography Applications to
  Radio Systems, Digest No. 1994/141, Savoy Place, London, 3
  June 1994, (COMMERCIAL-IN-CONFIDENCE).
  S J Shepherd, "An Approach to the Cryptanalysis of Mobile
  Stream Ciphers", IEE Colloquium on Security and Cryptography
  Applications to Radio Systems, Digest No. 1994/141, Savoy
  Place, London, 3 June 1994, (COMMERCIAL-IN-CONFIDENCE).
  S J Shepherd, "Public Key Stream Ciphers", IEE Colloquium on
  Security and Cryptography Applications to Radio Systems,
  Digest No. 1994/141, pp 10/1-10/7, Savoy Place, London, 3 June
  1994.
These are listed on Dr Shepherd's bio at:

@_date: 1998-04-26 08:54:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Futures Doomed 
More on the future of money in the NYT today, "Crime's New Cash of Choice," the Euro, which plans larger denominations than the mobs' favorite $100 US. If the Euro catches on, it says, the USG could lose billions in interest-free loans on stashed C-notes, unused except in the underground -- which the US turns a blind tax eye to because more revenue comes from the seignoriage.
      On competing millenarist doomsaying, the NYT has on page one a report on an exercise last month which revealed how ill-prepared the US is to handle a germ attack, with PDDs coming shortly to address anti-terrorism (with a Czar), and the squabbles among competing agencies for intel fed shock scenarios leading to terrific stockpiles of money antidotes, preferrably all non-fictional, but not likely since the report says that the PDD the President gets aroused at is Richard Preston's "The Cobra Event" -- sold out for miles around the bunkers'
intake vents of the germs' most wanted.
   Bear in mind that Kennedy's hard-on for James Bond
shaped a generation of whiz kids looking for gory galore,
the fathers of natsec implanted kids now in late boomer breakdown seeing the future all too clear, inclined to
predict their end The End.

@_date: 1998-04-26 09:21:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Hettinga promoted to Head Critic In Charge... 
This is true. And helpful to file for future reference. Data show
that Tim's thoughts are not what they appear to be in text.
The needle -- yes, the mind-reading machine's analog -- jumps
all the way to left, Bizarre Humor, whenever no mercy emissions
emanate from the hilltop bastion's outgoing array.
Only unclues take Tim's deadpan assays for deadshot intent.
Those black talons are black jokes, Bob, laugh. You never been
shot at to keep you dancing? Don't stop, though, or the fun ends.

@_date: 1998-04-27 09:53:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: UK E-Comm-Crypto Policy 
The UK DTI issued today a policy statement and papers
on electronic commerce and encryption policy, which were posted to UK Crypto. We offer the initial three docs:
     (28K)

@_date: 1998-04-28 11:34:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Quantum Snooping 
New York Times' Markoff reports today on the latest in quantum computing, some of which was discussed here recently. Two
points of note:
IBM recently made a "snapshot" of the entire worldwide Web,
eight trillion bytes of data, for an experimental database for searching and unnamed other manipulation by its quantum computers. Searching the database for a word by conventional computers would take a month, while quantum devices could
do it in 27 minutes, a Beamer says.
NSA is funding quantum computing at Los Alamos specifically
for cryptographic investigation, "because QC could have
a profound effect on modern cryptography."
Others forms of warp speed snooping are discussed as well.
"Snow Crash" is featured in a hot-selling book on the thought
of the American Left, "Achieving Our Country," by philosopher
Richard Rorty. The book is swell reading on the state of US
thought, culture and politics whatever your disagreeable attitude. It's smallish, but for those completely broke and open to copyleft, grab it before IBM kicks it offshore:
     (238K)
     (89K)

@_date: 1998-04-28 17:27:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Wiretap Docs 
Cellular Telecommunications Industry Association suit against
the FBI over disputed wiretap requirements of CALEA:
     (19K)
The FBI's definition of "upgrade" and "modification" for CALEA
wiretap requirements, Federal Register, April 28, 1998:
     (60K)

@_date: 1998-04-28 19:06:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ECHELON 1988 
Duncan Campbell has provided his 1988 article on
the NSA ECHELON global surveillance system,
one of the earliest accounts:
   Duncan, who was hounded in court for years by the UK gov for allegedly revealing official secrets, provided substantial  support to James Bamford for "The Puzzle Palace." He was interviewed about ECHELON on French TV
yesterday. See his most informative Web site for investigative reporting:

@_date: 1998-08-01 12:21:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cracking DES 8 
Chapter 8, Hardware Board Schematics:
     (13K + 8 images)

@_date: 1998-08-04 18:48:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cracking DES 5, 6, 7 
Chapters 5, 6 and 7, the US-export-prohibited code, and a great job of scanning and proofreading:

@_date: 1998-08-05 06:40:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Latest 
Excerpt from USA v. Jim Bell court docket:
Docket as of August 5, 1998 3:10 am               Pages 7-8
Proceedings include all events.                                   TERMED
3:97cr5270-ALLUSA v. Bell                                         APPEAL
6/22/98  --      DEFENDANT James Dalton Bell  arrested (car)
                 [Entry date 06/24/98]
6/23/98  48      MINUTES of Initial on Prob Revocation:DEW, Dep Clerk:Peter
                 Voelker, AUSA:Robb London, Def Counsel:Peter Voelker, Tape
                  USPO:Steven McNichols  D' arrested 6/22/98; D' adv
                 of rights; crt appts cnsl; D' adv of allegations in
                 violation petition; Gov't moves for detention this hrg,
                 proceeds, Gov't proffer, D' proffer; D' ORDERED DETAINED;
                 probation revocation hrg set for 11:00 a.m. on  7/10/98
                 before Judge Burgess  D' remanded. (car)
                 [Entry date 06/25/98]
6/23/98  49      ORDER  by Magistrate Judge David E. Wilson  appointing  as
                 the Federal Public Defender for defendant James Dalton Bell
                 (cc:  counsel) (car) [Entry date 06/25/98]
                                                                         BWM
6/30/98  50      MINUTE ORDER by Judge Franklin D. Burgess  that the
                 Probation Revocation hrg is rescheduled to 1:30 p.m. on
                 7/10/98 for James Dalton Bell (cc: counsel, Judge) (car)
                 [Entry date 06/30/98]
7/8/98   --      PROPOSED Supplemental Violations (car) [Entry date 07/08/98]
7/10/98  51      PROBATION PETITION/ORDER by Judge Franklin D. Burgess as to
                 James Dalton Bell re: Supplemental Violations  (cc:
                 counsel, Judge, USPO) (car) [Entry date 07/10/98]
7/15/98  52      MINUTE ORDER  by Judge Franklin D. Burgess ;  probation
                 revocation hrg continued to 9:00 7/31/98 for James Dalton
                 Bell (cc:  counsel, Judge) (km) [Entry date 07/15/98]
7/16/98  53      AMENDED MINUTE ORDER  by Judge Franklin D. Burgess ;
                 probation revocation hrg scheduled for 9:00 7/31/98 for
                 James Dalton Bell (cc:  counsel, Judge) (km)
                 [Entry date 07/16/98]
7/22/98  54      SUBSTITUTION OF COUNSEL on behalf of USA  Robert Louis
                 Jacob London terminating attorney Annmarie Levins for USA
                 (car) [Entry date 07/22/98]
7/31/98  55      MINUTES of Supervised Release Violations:FDB, Dep Clerk:B
                 Kay McDermott, AUSA:Rob London, Def Counsel:Peter Avenia,
                 CR:J Ryen  probation revocation hrg held Cnsl pres. Mr.
                 Bell pres in custody.  Court adv D' of charges.  D' enters
                 NOT GUILTY to violations 1,4,5,6, & 7 (violations 2 & 3 MOOT
                 as penalties are paid).  D' cnsl states for the record that
                 D' feels the Gov't is engaging in spying on him as a private
                 citizen and and requests that the Court conduct an
                 investigation into this activity; D' feels the conditions of
                 supervised release are unconstitutional. Mr. London advises
                 the court that no survelillance has been conducted on Mr.
                 Bell.  Court rules this hrg will proceed on the violations
                 charges only, D' concerns should be addressed in other
                 action.  Court inquires of cnsl if psychological evaluation
                 is required, D' cnsl adv the cour that D' does not feel this
                 hrg should proc because of his prior stated concerns of the
                 Gov't spying and conspiracy against him. D' request add'l
                 time to prep.  RECESS. D' cnsl adv the Court that D' not
                 prep to proc today, D' requests month continuance, D' cnsl
                 disagrees w/client's strategy. D' cnsl adv the Court mental
                 health eval may be approp. Gov't objs. Court adv parties
                 that mental health eval will be ordered. D' adv the Court he
                 wants investigation of Gov't actions. Court adv D' mental
                 health eval ordered.  Court orders Gov't to prep approp
                 order, iss of Mr. Avenia cont as cnsl will be addr. D'
                 remanded pending eval. (car) [Entry date 08/03/98]
                 [Edit date 08/03/98]
8/3/98   --      LODGED ORDER directing commitment of D' to submit to a
                 competency exam (car) [Entry date 08/04/98]
End Docket as of August 5, 1998 3:10 am

@_date: 1998-08-07 04:45:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Export Controls Revised 
BXA published in the Federal Register today revisions
to the EAR to fit Wassenaar/Anti-terrorism controls:
   The changes show that the shift from global cold warfare to global anti-terrorism continues without diminution of national security terrorism. And crypto remains a terrifying threat to the natsec warriors aiming to maintain global

@_date: 1998-08-07 07:53:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Eudora Flaw 
Markoff reports in today's NY Times on Eudora's e-mail security flaw:
It's the feature which allows clicking on a URL in a message,
which can run an attached malicious program, or otherwise trash
a user's disk.
A fix is due out this afternoon from Qualcomm. In the meantime NYT
says the flaw can be fixed by going to "Options," "Viewing Mail" and turning off "Use Microsoft's viewer."
Security experts are quoted: beware any attachment to E-mail, and not just for Eudora.

@_date: 1998-08-14 14:31:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Internet Freedom Decision 
John Gilmore calls attention to a recent US District Court decision
which affirms controversial publication on the Internet:
   This is a big deal; it is strong support for the idea that publications
   should remain visible on the Internet UNTIL a judge has declared
   them illegal.  Current practice of complainers is to try to get
   the material taken down immediately (typically by a service provider
   who's afraid to get sued), and then fight over whether to put it back!
   The case is in a defamation context, but might be applicable to the
   more common trademark/copyright/trade secret (e.g. scientology or
   domain name) censorship controversies.
   We should put the decision on the Web, and publicize the case.
See the decision and ACLU press release on it:

@_date: 1998-08-21 12:54:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA and Industry Deal 
We offer a report on NSA's "Soft Landing" program
for placing ex-NSA employees in private industry by
offering inducements to contractors:
   and industry has helped NSA meet mandated reductions in personnel levels while at the same  time allowing the agency to refresh its workforce with technically skilled people.
and often highly paid, support staff to take jobs in the private sector, thereby creating openings the agency can fill with the young computer scientists, mathematicians and engineers it needs to fulfill its code-making and code-breaking duties.
effort,  which was implemented two years ago but has received no publicity. from government officials as well as industry representatives, some public interest advocates have questioned the effort, saying it has perhaps created an improper relationship between the secretive NSA and a select group of contractors.
End excerpt.
Wayne Madsen says the program is a means to plant sympathetic employees to sway industry NSA's way.
The file includes a second report on NSA's accounting

@_date: 1998-08-25 11:21:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Telcos CALEA Complaint Against FBI 
We offer the August 19 complaint by the United States
Telephone Association against the FBI and Justice over
CALEA requirements:
     (51K)

@_date: 1998-12-01 19:32:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Update 
Forward No. 1 (11/30/98):
Jim has been back in the Seattle/Tacoma jail for about a week & 1/2, after a stop-over in Oklahoma City.   Not doing much, but is glad to be back because he likes the food better and he has things to do, unlike in Springfield.
He doesn't know what the schedule is for his stay at this point, except that there is an attempt to impose more time to his sentence, which he says by the time they accomplish anything in court he will have fulfilled He requests once again that anyone who would like to help him research
the names/addresses of people he thinks are involved in the surveillance efforts against him, to please contact him.
His address again is:
    Federal Detention Center
    P.O. Box 68976
    Seattle WA 98168
Forward No. 2 (11/30/98):
After spending several weeks in Oklahoma, then several more in Springfield, MO, a shrink interviewed Jim for a total of six hours, and said he could find nothing wrong that they could help with.  After several more weeks in Springfield, it was back to Oklahoma, for a couple more weeks, and now he is finally back at Sea-Tac.
He reports that the prosecutor is asking for 9 months for violation of parole, which would mean Jim might be released in 3 months.  He is on Prozac and seems in pretty good spirits.  Opinions seem

@_date: 1998-12-01 19:32:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CJ Update 
Forward (11/26/98):
They moved CJ from Springfield on the 18th. He is in Oklahoma City awaiting  movement supposedly next week. I talked with him and he sounded okay. He would like to receive copies of what has been written and posted about him. He doen't know  where he is going. His lawyer should find out next week.

@_date: 1998-12-04 23:26:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Wassenaar Statement 
The Secretariat of The Wassenaar Arrangement has issued
brief public docs on the recent meeting:
   Only one brief mention of encryption:
     "8. The WA agreed control list amendments to take into account   recent technological developments. The amendments to the lists   included elimination of coverage of commonly available civil   telecommunications equipment as well as the modernisation of   encryption controls to keep pace with developing technology and   electronic commerce, while also being mindful of security interests.   Participating States also discussed the potential need for the WA   and national export control authorities to respond quickly and   effectively to the emergence of new technologies."
Which appears to confirm that each state will implement and
announce its encryption policy as it sees fit. The US has jumped
to proclaim to its constituencies that it has won.
Though it's the secret agreements that remain to be publicized.
Note the gaps in the public docs and dissimulative assurances.
We also offer a recent related message from Denmark on its fluid crypto policy:

@_date: 1998-12-05 04:18:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Wassenaar Addendum 
Caspar Bowden in the UK says by telephone that a Wassenaar spokesman told him today that the WA org will issue next week a detailed "template"  which specifies terms of the recent agreement to control encryption. It will go well beyond what has been heretofore generally agreed to by the member states under which there was a good bit of latitude for each to determine its own policy. This is an unprecedented united
front by the members, and the paper will be a first for detailed export
controls issued by the Wassenaar org rather than by each nation. When ready it will be put on the Wassenaar Web site:    We've made a request to DoC for elaboration of the press release
yesterday which featured David Aarons' general claims, but no response yet. The USG may not comment until the WA paper is
Caspar posted a capsule of his infor on UK Crypto:

@_date: 1998-12-06 00:31:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: y2k/gary north delusions 
The Hudson River on the west side of Manhattan reportedly
has twelve feet of shit on its bottom, and a permit from the US
Corp of Engineers is needed to disturb it for pier construction
and repair -- and to extend the island for yet another criminal
expansion for the public good: next up is another hotshit
Guggenheim satellite museum by Frank Gehry to match his Balboa big holer.
Many sewage lines of the West Side still dump raw sewage
into the river while plans for new sewer systems languish for
lack of funding -- the most recent plant on the Hudson cost in excess of $1 billion, has a park on top, is an architectural award
winner, and still stinks like Madonna in church. Though less than the surrounding nabes from which the gagging aliens
flee to the shit plant deck which is a 100 feet above the
river and offers Titanic like panoramas, that is, far enough above
the river that the night's floaters/skin-bros are overlookable.
Tis true that rivers and oceans are prosperity's sewage treatment
system, as ever, the best recycling system ever confected by nature to handle the effluvia of progress, for refreshing water, air and importing cheap-labor illegals (now how to stop them fucking
for recreation, their brats siphoning our hard-stole American birthright to profit by the globe's suffering, hurray we got Ks of Terrorist Nukes).
Still, environmental terrorism is booming. Cleanup of the National
Security Apparatus will take decades and $ trillions. Health damage
remediation will take many times that. Shit in streets is a puny task in
comparison to those, not even worth planning for -- well, dog shit
is a big headache in Guiliani's disorderly mind.
Yes, NYC as with other large cities are dumps for the rest of the
country. Yes, going to the country makes me gag -- pity the poor rubes, how can they bear the lack of civilized rot and stench.
Oh well, it's TCM's evolution in action: only shit-innoculated mutants will inhale the sublime Y2K halitosis of the programmers of built-in
breakdown, vainglorious national planners.

@_date: 1998-12-06 20:28:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Commerce Hacked? 
Since some time after the Department of Commerce issued the recent press release on Wassenaar the site ( has not been accessible, at least not from here.
The press release section of the International Trade
Administration ( David Aaron's org, for a while had a notice that updating was being done and the site would be fixed shortly. Then the ITA site  disappeared, along with the main DoC site.
We spoke with a public affairs rep at DoC before this happened
and to inquire when the department would issue detailed information
to flesh out the press release. I said there was a furor over Aaron's spin, and much skepticism of its validity. She said she would check and call back but hasn't.
Wonder if the site was hacked, from the outside or inside.

@_date: 1998-12-07 21:16:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: AU WassenaarWassenaar changes 
[OK to repost to crypto lists and Cryptome - dant]
I spoke this afternoon with one of the Australian delegates at the
Wassenaar meeting, an official from the Dept of Foreign Affairs and Trade
Speaking off the record, they confirmed the changes at Wassenaar are pretty
much as we know already:
     - NEW CONTROLS on mass market crypto products (hardware and software);
     - DEREGULATING all weak encryption products using key lengths up to 56
     bits;
     - EXEMPTING mass market software where the key length is 64 bits or
     less;
     - EXTENDING the same mass market exemption to hardware for the first
     time;
     - EXCLUDING encryption products that protect intellectual property,
     such as digital watermarking;
     - NO DECISION was made about regulating 'intangible' distribution of
     technology, including Internet downloads.
Apparently in the short term the intangibles issue is being considered in
other fora (including the Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG) which includes
Australia thanks to Filthy Jabilucre et al).
It is still not clear whether the new restrictions are intended to stop
public domain software such as PGP*. The DFAT contact said there was no
discussion about an intention to stop public domain packages like PGP. They
did not think public domain was being restricted. Yet apparently the
Australian DoD has expressed the David Aaron view that public domain is
subject to the same restrictions as mass market.
* PGP is "in the public domain" for the purposes of Wassenaar/DSGL, since
the definition states:
     "in the public domain" (GTN NTN GSN), as it applies herein, means
     "technology" or "software" which has been made available without
     restrictions upon its further dissemination (copyright restrictions do
     not remove "technology" or "software" from being "in the public
     domain")
Note: there is no equivalent definition for "mass market", but the General
Software Note (GSN) states it thus:
     Generally available to the public by being:
        1. Sold from stock at retail selling points, without restriction,
        by means of:
          a. Over-the-counter transactions;
          b. Mail order transactions; or
          c. Telephone order transactions; and
        2. Designed for installation by the user without substantial
        support by the supplier;
Dan Tebbutt, Technology Journalist, Melbourne Australia
Australian Personal Computer (
LAN Corporate IT (
The Australian (
Ph: +61-3-9347-8893 Fax:+61-2-9264-6320
Email: dant at acp.com.au
"The revolution will be televised ... on pay-per-view."

@_date: 1998-12-07 22:03:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: What was the quid pro quo for Wassenaar countries? 
Peter Gutmann may be close to the truth about Echelon's role
in the Wassenaar changes.
The NYT reports today that the US is proposing to NATO a
combined intelligence center to combat use of Weapons of Mass
Destruction by rogue states and non-state terrorists like Usama
Bin Laden.
There is some dissent among the Europeans over the US's
attempt to frighten the populace with a new worldwide menace
to replace the boogies of the Cold War.
Still, it appears that intelligence on the threat of terrorist use of WMD is being whispered in ears of those holding out for
privacy protection. And a correlative threat of strong encryption
is surely part of those scenarios.
As in the US, it's probable that domestic restrictions on strong
crypto are being advanced to combat domestic terrorism in countries
around the world, following the precedent set during the Cold War,
which, as we all know was the evil parent of Wassenaar's predecessor
GAO put out a report (GGD-99-7) a few days ago on the FBI's expenditures for counterterrorism from 1995-98. It shows a dramatic increase year by year, with big leaps authorized by Congress following each "terrorist incident," for funds for a host of domestic agencies. GAO wonders (as does Congress which asked for the report) if it's all being put to beneficial effect. Its description of CT activities
carefully excludes the classified, and also omits the global efforts of US military

@_date: 1998-12-07 23:57:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Wassenaar News 
We spoke with Igor at the WA today to ask about the implementation
report Caspar Bowden said would be coming shortly. It seems that Dirk Weicke, the person preparing it (whom Caspar queried), is out sick and won't return to work until Thursday.
Another person working on the report, a Mr. Sidbitt (?) is also
out sick but should be back at work tomorrow.
At the moment there is no plan to offer the report on the WA
Web site. Each member will decide how to publicize it.
Igor, a friendly, reminded that the WA staff has no authority,
indeed has an evanescent existence, and is subject to vanishing
without explanation. The paranoid WA members, my words, cut no slack, cut-throat control of perfidious news is their modus Still, Igor chuckled at my reporting that the perfidious USG will not anwser my inquiries, being unable to trust its terrifying citizenry. He refused my plea to send a purloined report, a report which,
on the evidence, appears to be quite sickening.

@_date: 1998-12-08 23:18:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Building crypto archives worldwide to foil US-built Berlin Walls (fwd) 
In response to John Gilmore's call for a foil to US-Wassenaar
restrictions acoming, we've put up a preliminary list of international cryptography sources for mirroring:
   This is a quick starter-kit and is far from comprehensive.
Contributions welcome.
Ken Williams offers an impressive (177MB) crypto/stego archive:

@_date: 1998-12-09 00:41:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Building crypto archives worldwide to foil US-built Ber 
Yes, Gilmore's proposal was to mirror the contents; URLs threaten
no reg-makers.
Yep, mirrors of everything would be very large. We've heard already
that folks would like help in knowing what to mirror if they can't do
large archives, or can't easily decide which are most important. My advice so far: mirror whatever you can until better advice comes forth. Prime need: many mirrors of the strongest stuff, especially anything above 40-bits, that is anything that now requires a US export license (which appears
to be where Wassenaar wildebeests and the domestic US is being stampeded).
What would help is a list from experts on what are the most gov-enraging programs. We'd like to offer a few of those on jya.com, to test BXA's up-and-
running crypto-enforcement program, maybe get some jail and trial pleasure,
it's been too quiet on Bernstein, Junger, Karn, et al, a deliberate gov-stall,
awaiting Wassenaar.

@_date: 1998-12-09 03:47:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The problem with 'Gilmore's RSAREF' site... 
But isn't the punishment a fine rather than a bust. With the usual grabs
of income and possessions if you don't pau. And then being listed on the
dreaded "Entities Index," BXcommunicated.
Sure, you can take it to trial, and BXA reports on those at its Web site,
actually crows about them, the wins, that is. No losses are ever
posted, lacking a reporting system for those.
In any case, these pockets are bottomless, so mega-fines are just fine, the FUSG gonna be in really deep deficit denial if it forfeitures this blackhole.

@_date: 1998-12-09 04:44:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Baker on Gilmore's Foil of Wassenaar 
Response to a forward of John Gilmore's message to UK Crypto:
I would only add this caution.  I think John is wrong in giving legal advice that Wassenaar is not binding without implementing legislation.  That is an American approach to these matters. I believe that many, perhaps most, Wassenaar members derive their authority to regulate exports directly from the arrangement itself.  For that reason, I would not assume that everyone everywhere is free to ignore the new restrictions until some further law or regulation is promulgated.
Stewart Baker
Steptoe & Johnson LLP
sbaker at steptoe.com
Baker & Hurst, "The Limits of Trust -- Governments, Cryptography, and
Commerce" is now available from

@_date: 1998-12-09 06:11:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Building crypto archives worldwide to foil US-built Berlin Walls (fwd) 
An inspiring recipe for a mobile rig. Well done. Gotta get one,
chop this tether.
Right. That's my credo, life long. Love it. Want more. Now. Unh,
unh, unh. Used to be called religious ecstacy, faith in god, metaphysical certainty, doubt erased by infinite wisdom, beatific blissful ignorance, vision brainward, sparkling ricochets, zing, zap, blit, parthogenesis. Hungry vet, got a dime?

@_date: 1998-12-09 10:00:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Reinsch On Crypto/Wassenaar 
Excerpt from a speech by BXA's William Reinsch on December 7, 1998, at the Practising Law Institute conference "Coping with U.S.
Export Controls." Note final paragraph about detailed crypto session today -- no report on that yet.
Full speech: Also by him yesterday on crypto: [Begin excerpt]
Encryption continues to be a hotly debated issue. As I stated last
year, the U.S. continues to support a balanced approach to encryption
policy which considers privacy and commercial interests as well as
protecting law enforcement and national security interests.
Furthermore, we also remain committed to promoting the growth of
global electronic commerce through secure financial and business
Our position has always been to seek industry-led, market-driven
solutions to achieve a balanced approach. What has changed is the
direction where technology and the market place are taking us. Key
recovery technology remains a very important part of our policy;
however, over the past two years, we have recognized that key recovery
is not a solution for all problems.
That recognition, brought about in part as a result of our ongoing
dialogue with industry, has helped us also focus on recoverable
technologies that can enable law enforcement to continue its
authorized activities.
As a result, on September 16, Vice President Gore unveiled a policy
update, which will not end the debate, but which does include steps to
further streamline exports of key recovery products and other
recoverable products which allow law enforcement, under proper legal
authority, recovery of plain text.
The update also provides for 1) the export of 56 bit DES worldwide to
any end user under a license exception; 2) exports of strong
encryption to U.S. companies and their subsidiaries under a license
exception; 3) exports of strong encryption to the insurance and
medical sectors in 45 countries under a license exception; and 4)
exports of strong encryption to secure on-line transactions between
on-line merchants and their customers in 45 countries under a license
exception. This is consistent with our earlier announcement relating
to financial institutions.
This is an evolutionary process and we intend to continue our
dialogue. We must continue to adapt to changes, and we will review our policies again within the year to determine whether further change is necessary. We intend to publish regulations implementing the Vice President's announcement this month.
With respect to developing a common international approach to
encryption policy, Ambassador David Aaron, our special envoy on
cryptography, is working with other countries to ensure that our
policies are compatible. He has found that most major producing
countries have public safety and national security concerns similar to ours and are interested in developing a harmonized international
approach regarding compatible infrastructures for electronic commerce
and for a key management infrastructure. At last week's Wassenaar
Arrangement plenary session, the participating states approved a
number of changes to modernize and improve multilateral encryption
export controls. These changes removed controls on products below 56 bits and on certain consumer entertainment systems, such as DVD
products, and on cordless phone systems designed for home or office
Most important, participating states agreed to extend controls to
mass-market encryption exports above 64 bits, thus closing a
significant loophole. This will enable governments to review the
dissemination of the strongest encryption products that otherwise
might fall into the hands of rogue end users.
For those of you deeply interested in the details of our encryption
policy, we have a specific session devoted to it tomorrow.
[End excerpt]

@_date: 1998-12-10 00:37:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Wassenaar/Crypto News 
A BXA spokesperson said today that the text of the recent Wassenaar agreement had been received yesterday and it is now being prepared for release on the BXA website ( maybe by the end of the week but maybe not until next week. She said she expected the US to be the first to publish the doc, after I cited the WA message below from Caspar Bowden.
She also said that the Practising Law Institute (
session on encryption controls yesterday was taped and inquiries should be made to PLI (a continuing legal ed org; ) 1-(800) 260-4PLI. And that Bill Reinsch did not participate in the session, only gave the speech on Dec 7 noted here yesterday:   An inquiry to PLI (Betty Gray) has not been returned.

@_date: 1998-12-10 03:16:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: LEA Interviews 
This is attorney protected information.
We've been having discussion with a legal person about being
interviewed by law enforcement officials and/or signing a statement. These comments are offered by permission (and might be coupled with DCF's advice of saying only "I Want a Lawyer"):
[Begin comments]
Sorry to be opaque - "impeachment" means, basically, making a witness lose credibility with the jury. The only use I've been able to imagine for wanting a written statement is to make you look bad, in the event that you are called by either side to testify, and end up testifying favorably to the defendant. If you
appear to be a "hostile witness", it's even possible that you can be impeached by the attorney/party who asked you to testify.
The scenario I see looks something like this - 1.	You're called as a defense witness to testify to the effect that you've been on the list for years, messages like the
defendants's weren't unique or especially unusual, that you understood them as satire or political commentary and not as actual threats, given the wider context in which they occurred. The general impression conveyed by your testimony is that you're a rational, reasonable, respectable person who the jury can like and trust, that you think the defendant is perhaps weird but basically misunderstood and harmless. 2.	The prosecution cross-examines you about your conclusions re the defendant - they're going to ask you how well you really knew/know him, how much you knew about his other behavior (they're likely to try to sneak in information about the defendant's other alleged misbehavior here, if they haven't already), and so forth. To the extent that you say you didn't know him, your direct testimony becomes less and less relevant - and if you start to
say that you did know him well, they're likely to produce the document you wrote/signed, and ask you a series of uncomfortable questions about it, designed to create the impression you were lying to the jury earlier during your testimony, e.g., if the statement says "I didn't know that the defendant had done these other creepy things, and they make me question whether or not I
know him very well, and I feel differently about his threats now that I know about those creepy things", the prosecutor will make a big production out of pointing out the differences between your testimony at trial and what you wrote during the LEA interrogation. Understandably, you probably wanted to distance yourself from the defendant when the LE agents were in your home, especially after they'd given you a list of creepy things he supposedly did - but they're going to hold you to the same degree of distance from him and his thoughts/actions if you end up testifying at trial. Writing it down and having you sign it serves several purposes - it gives the prosecutor a document s/he can wave around, ask you to read from, and otherwise organize a little production around - it also lets you be impeached with your own words, instead of calling the cops to the stand to dispute your recollection of your conversation, which takes on a "he said/she said" tone, and might make it look like the big mean cops were picking on poor
little you. If they can make poor little you eat his own words, they look good, and you look bad.
So .. that's what I'm afraid the document is for. I've been trying to think of something else - but especially where the agents asked you to pick out just key bits of your conversation, and assert that they're true, and let the rest of the information be lost to memory and time .. it makes me think the information they selected was important to them. The information they got seems helpful to them only in the context that you end up testifying at trial - I can't think of any other reason it would be useful to them. It sounds like the psychological factors of the questioning were pretty well
optimized to make you want (probably partly subconsciously) to distance yourself from the defendant, both to avoid implied guilt by association, and to maintain a common ground of reasonableness with the cops while discussing other things like politics. The current issue of the Utne Reader has a piece by the Unabomber's brother and his wife talking about how the FBI manipulated them into providing evidence against the Unabomber by appearing
sympathetic and reasonable, forming a common "us (good people) versus the actions of they crazy guy, who needs us to work together to help him get better" bond which was ultimately used to try to kill the crazy guy, to the horror of the brother/wife. While I do think that they may have pulled a fast one on you, I don't think that reflects badly on you as a person .. it's pretty difficult to tell which cops are actually reasonable people, and which are pretending to be reasonable people in order to further their own agendas. [End comments]

@_date: 1998-12-13 00:58:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Echelon, Diana, Wassenaar 
The Wash Post today has picked up the hot European
story of NSA's file on Princess Diana and linked it to
the NSA's Echelon program.
   This is the first US major media story on Echelon, and its
connection to privacy invasion of a global celebrity icon may do more to get public attention for the vile program
than any previous investigation and report.
NSA claims Diana was not a "target" and that the 1,000 pages
of data on her were gathered "incidental" to other activities. But, as with all the TLA snooping, it is this incidental surveillance of the innocent that all the calls for loosening of
encrypton controls  is about.
After all the near-futile efforts of investigators to bring Echelon out into the open, and counterefforts of pols
and spooks cloak it, the Diana hook may the "Gone
With The Wind" popularizer that finally energizes
a genuine borad-based opposition, and, may very well be the kickoff to global demand for encryption to protect privacy worldwide and maybe even in the US.
What wonderful cloubreak to let sunshine into the dark
halls of Wassenaar and FT Meade spookdoms.

@_date: 1998-12-15 02:48:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IBM's Secure Mailer 
NYT's Markoff reports on IBMs' release today of "Secure Mailer," an open-source platform for what's touted to be a superior secure e-mail system
proposed as a global standard for open development. It's the work of IBM researcher Wietse Venema.
IBM's description:

@_date: 1998-12-15 11:19:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: E-Snoop Law Review 
South Africa published in November a discussion paper,
"Review of Security Legislation" on electronic surveillance law
in several countries -- South Africa, US, UK, France, Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, Canada and Hong Kong, with detailed
review of legislation of the last two -- as a basis for new legislation to protect against latest intrusive technology, or, rather, to restrict its usage to government agencies:
     (364K)
Its comparative review of surveillance law is informative
for the way it lays out the similarity of each country's definition of the threat of technology -- somewhat to citizen privacy but more
importantly to law enforcement. It notes variations in privacy protection law, and finds, for example, US and UK deficiencies in that area even as these countries excell in manufacturing
the evil tools.
Still, South Africa is joining the crowd in tightening controls on
technology by proposing that telecomm providers make their
systems accessible to government (at their own expense), emulating the recent US-EU snooping agreement advanced by the FBI and Europol.
Thanks to APB for pointing.

@_date: 1998-12-16 09:14:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Electronic Sheriff 
"Cybercrime, Cyberterrrorism, Cyberwarfare"
Tomorrow's frontline commanders will be drawn from the ranks of computer wizards. The sandal culture is challenging the wingtips. The National Security Agency's (NSA) new electronic sheriff, responsible for protecting NSA's ground stations, is a 23-year-old GS-14. In the civilian sector, "techies" have moved into senior management positions.

@_date: 1998-12-16 22:01:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Skipjack KEA Errata 
Thanks to Lewis McCarthy some 20 transcription errors have been
corrected in the Skipjack Key Exchange Algorithm test vectors,
a summary of which is offered at:
   Original transcriptions of the Skipjack spec have been updated:
Matt Curtin's:
    (Archive of it all)
    (Postscript)
    (LaTeX source)
       (same, zipped)

@_date: 1998-12-19 00:34:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Org Chart 
Thanks to Defense Information and Electronics Report
we offer NSA's organizational chart, which was obtained
by DI&ER under the FOIA:

@_date: 1998-12-23 02:44:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Trust in Cyberspace 
We offer the National Academy of Sciences September
1998 report, "Trust in Cyberspace," a 243-page survey
of all security issues and technologies associated with the Internet and computer networks:
     (Introduction only, 58K)
     (Full report, 882K)
     (Full report zipped, 302K)
The report reviews prior studies such as the CRISIS report
on cryptography, the PCCIP report on protecting US
infrastructure, the DoD report on Information Warfare -
Defense, and several others, assesses those findings
in greater depth, looks at technology and research
needed, and recommends what government (NSA and
DARPA) and private industry/eduation should do to
assure security.
NSA is upbraided for its opposition to strong cryptography and culture of overcontrolling secrecy. NSA's R2 research unit is singled out as needing to find ways to compete with industry for the best talent so that the agency's skills and tools do not lag the world market.

@_date: 1998-12-24 12:04:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Question about 'TEMPEST': UPS 
For a new type of RF shielding consider "Flectron"
a metallized fabric that allegedly shields up to 100db. Originally developed by Monsanto it has recently been bought by Advanced Performance Materials (which also makes a range of EMI-related products):
   Another company, BEMA, Inc. offers portable enclosures
made mostly of Flectron for TEMPEST protection, with
RF-protected doors, vents, and electrical and cable
connections. One is a walk-in, 6 x 6 x 7, weighs 125 lbs.
and fits in two suitcases for transport. And there's a desktop version. These are reportedly in use by NSA, other TLAs, the military and corporations. There's a brief description at:
   The market in TEMPEST-related products is rapidly
growing. Check AltaVista under that term or, say,
NSA 65-6 and MIL-STD-285. There's more material
appearing all the time as the word gets out on the
need for RF-protection. We've heard from manufacturers that the demand for their shielding products is increasing for medical purposes

@_date: 1998-12-29 11:08:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: G8 MIB 
High-tech crime
  The G8 countries have established a 24 hour network of law enforcement experts capable of responding swiftly to requests for help with investigations that cross international borders, including hacking cases. The network, which is now in use, is open to wider membership and a number of non G8 countries have already joined. The Lyon Group is pursuing consultations with industry, including internet service providers, on preventing criminal use of networks and ensuring traceability of their communications. It is also developing proposals for a legal framework for retrieving electronic evidence swiftly in cases that cut across international borders.

@_date: 1998-12-31 03:05:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: New Crypto Regs 
Thanks to Ed Roback, NIST: BXA issued a press release today on new crypto regulations:
    (copy below)
The regs themselves are available today only in hardcopy
in Washington DC on display at the Federal Register, but the electronic version will be published in the Federal Register tomorrow and will be on the BXA Web site . Anybody in DC who could get a copy of the hardcopy and fax it to us, it would be appreciated:
Fax: (212) 799-4003
Vox: (212) 873-8700
Commerce Updates Export Controls on Encryption Products
(Washington, D.C.)     The Commerce Department will publish new regulations significantly streamlining government export controls on powerful encryption -- products that scramble computer data -- as part of the Clinton Administration initiatives to make government more efficient and enhance the global competitiveness of U.S. businesses. These amendments to the Export Administration Regulations, on public notice today at the Federal Register, end the need for licenses for powerful U.S. encryption products to companies worldwide in several important industry sectors after a one time review by the Commerce Department. The regulations implement the policy changes announced by Vice President Gore in "Through the hard work of industry and government officials to finalize this regulation, U.S. encryption firms will be better able to compete effectively with encryption manufacturers around the world," said William A. Reinsch, Commerce Under Secretary for Export Administration. Virtually eliminated are restrictions on selling powerful computer data scrambling products to subsidiaries of U.S. corporations. There will also be favorable licensing treatment to strategic partners of U.S. companies. Strong U.S.-made encryption products are now available, under license exception, to insurance companies headquartered in 46 countries and their branches worldwide. Sales of powerful encryption to health and medical organizations in the same countries are also eased. To facilitate secure electronic transactions, between on-line merchants in those same countries, and their customers, the updated regulations permit, under a license exception, the export of client-server applications (e.g. SSL) and applications tailored to on-line transactions to on-line merchants. A list of eligible countries is posted on the BXA web-site. Further easing government restrictions are new allowances for U.S. encryption manufacturers to share their source code with their own foreign subsidiaries (while requiring that any resulting new products remain subject to U.S. regulation ) and streamlining reporting requirements for U.S. firms so that compliance is less burdensome.
The new regulations expand the policy of encouraging the use of recoverable encryption by removing the requirement to name and approve key recovery agents for exports of key recovery products from regulations. It also defines a new class of "recoverable" encryption products which can now be exported under Export Licensing Arrangements to foreign commercial firms for internal company proprietary use. As part of its stated goal to balance the needs of national security and public safety with the desire to protect personal privacy and strong electronic commercial security, the Administration continues to encourage the development and sale of products which enable the recovery of the unscrambled data, in an emergency situation.
Finally, the regulations eliminate the need to obtain licenses for most encryption commodities and software up to 56-bits or equivalent strength.
[End]

@_date: 1998-12-31 20:07:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BXA Crypto Rule 
BXA has issued today an interim rule on encryption items
which implements the administration's September export
policy announcement, and requests comments:
     (79K)

@_date: 1998-02-02 20:57:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BXA Meet 
Should anyone attend this a report would be welcome.
Federal Register: February 2, 1998 (Volume 63, Number 21)
Page 5353

@_date: 1998-02-02 21:48:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Update 
Hi, John.   Received a letter and phone call from Jim, as below.
.   He had a little altercation with a fellow prisoner ("through no fault
of my own" - he thinks he was set up) and his privileges were reduced for
35 days, so that he could only make one phone call each week.
.   In reference to the bad publicity (all those articles and news alerts)
which his case received, he speculates that the government gave a copy of
AP to a 'think tank' like Rand, etc., with the request to figure out how to
stop or delay AP. But it is his conclusion that AP is unstoppable, although:
"I think that one last (temporary) hope for government is to delay AP.
Chances are good that the "think tank" decided thatt the best way to delay
AP is to discredit me, its author.  It was a desperate gamble, particularly
because the act of harrassing me automatically gives AP more publicity.
That's the reason they will fail; the more they try to "get" me, the worse
it will be for them."
He wants it noted that his writing and discussions of AP ideas are in the
sense of a "prediction", a "warning", or even a "vision", not an advocacy
of it.
.   Regarding his guilty plea, he said it was because he realizes that he
did do a few things wrong and that, although he did think that some of the
charges against him were overblown and distorted, there was enough of a
risk of being found guilty that it didn't make a lot of sense to contest
them.  He adds, "I also felt (and still do, of course) that government had
already 'lost the war' so to speak."
.   He expects to be out around mid-April. Upon his release he wants to
go to some of his favorite restaurants, and to have several BIG pizzas.  He
hopes he can get his old job back as electronics designer, and has some
ideas he wants to work on for a virtual reality peripheral device which
will bring everyone steps closer to the Star Trek Next Generation 'holodek'.
- end

@_date: 1998-02-03 22:15:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Scientists in Black 
In "Scientists in Black,"Jeffrey Richelson, noted intel author, surveys use of vast archives of classified intelligence data by select civilian scientists under the Medea program (SciAm,
Feburary 1998).
     (40K with 4 images)
Thanks to PJP for pointing.

@_date: 1998-02-05 08:27:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: STOA Assessment of Techno-Control 
We've transcribed the Euro-Parliament STOA report, "An Appraisal of the Technologies of Political Control," 6 January 1998, a portion of which was offered earlier
by Axel Horns and Ulf Mller.
     (295K text + 210K images)
Zipped version:
     (314K)
It's a grim assessment, revealing more than most of us want to face about the dark side of high technology, especially what the most technologically advanced nations are deploying, and building to sell to the worst of humanity, and how export laws are flaunted to cut criminal deals in defiance of high-minded law and public policy.
It demonstrates that he national security heritage continues, sharing military technology with governmental outlaws around the globe.
And the US is leading the market.
It would be cathartic for this report was widely read, pondered,
then acted upon, in the US and globally. Kudos to the European Parliament for sponsoring it. And congratulations to the authors and the beleaguered organizations who've been trying for years
to diminish this over civilized madness, to jolt us out of There's much in the report that's been discussed here, and much
more that has not but deserves to be.
The full report is 112 pages, 50 pages of main body, 13
pages of notes and 25 pages of bibliography. We've
not yet transcribed the detailed bibliography.
As noted earlier, the contents are:
Executive Summary
Tables and Charts
1  Introduction
2  Role and Function of Political Control Technologies 3  Recent Trends and Innovations
4  Developments in Surveillance Technology 5  Innovations in Crowd Control Weapons 6  New Prison Control Systems 7  Interrogation, Torture Techniques and Technologies             8  Regulation of Horizontal Proliferation 9  Conclusions
10 Notes and References
11 Bibliography [Not yet transcribed]
Appendix 1. Military, Security & Police Fairs. [Not provided with report]

@_date: 1998-02-06 21:07:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BXA Crypto Meet 
A report on this would be welcomed. Does anyone know who are the subcommittee members?
Federal Register: February 6, 1998 (Volume 63, Number 25)
Page 6153
Bureau of Export Administration
President's Export Council Subcommittee on Encryption; Partially Closed Meeting
    A partially closed meeting of the President's Export Council Subcommittee on Encryption will be held February 23, 1998, 2 p.m., at the U.S. Department of Commerce, Herbert C. Hoover Building, Room 4832, 14th Street between Pennsylvania and Constitution Avenues, NW., Washington, DC. The Subcommittee provides advice on matters pertinent to policies regarding commercial encryption products.
Public Session
    1. Opening remarks by the Chairman.
    2. Presentation of papers or comments by the public.
    3. Update on Administration commercial encryption policy.
    4. Discussion of task force development and work plan.
Closed Session
    5. Discussion of matters properly classified under Executive Order 12958, dealing with the U.S export control program and strategic criteria related thereto.
Dated: February 3, 1998.
William V. Skidmore,
Acting Deputy Assistant Secretary for Export Administration.
FR Doc. 98-3001 Filed 2-5-98; 8:45 am

@_date: 1998-02-07 04:52:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: STOA Report Bibliography 
We've transcribed the 26-page bibliography of STOA's
"An Appraisal of the Technologies of Political Control:"
     (85K)
Zipped version:
     (32K)
The substantiating details of the cited literature -- study after
study of the consequences of inhumane policy and savage commerce eager to oblige it -- are grimmer than the main report. A steady drumbeat for ever more ingenious technology to enforce submission.

@_date: 1998-02-08 08:40:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Washington on the verge of being nuked? 
Manhattan would be easily blown, remotely. Place a time-charge
beneath a car at the head each principal subway line (which
commence in other boroughs), set to blow at the main stations.
For the West Side, supplement with a charge in the PATH train from Jersey.
For the East Side, supplement with another in the LI Railroad from the Island.
Forget anything above 86th Street, they'll applaud; like the
WVA and VA hillfolks will hooray the destruction of see-navel DC and its high-pitch babbling wonks.
As will anyone of any capital (or high-tech vale), globally, not drunk with power or mad to get it.
That's what horrifies the powerful about of terrorists: they're both
spitting images of their opponents. Both willing to kill indiscriminately for vainglory of blind faith and ambition. Both willing to betray
their kind for a step up.
Probably the stealth bombers will led by a highly trained ex-, or covert member, or Top Gun grad, of a duly authorized terrorist, wing, sub, cell set up to kill for a culture's honor and
commerce -- for blood-drenched national security. USG
and IraqG, any G, joined at birth, never separated, working
in concert.

@_date: 1998-02-09 00:00:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Soft Tempest 
Bruce Sterling, and others, have asked of the Washington Post story
[see below]:
The Washington Post gives a highly distorted account of some very
important scientific work we have done. I suggest that list members
read our paper -  - for
themselves before getting carried away.
The story is as follows. Bill G gave our department $20m for a new
building, and his people said that what they really wanted from our
group was a better way to control software copying.  So it would have
been rather churlish of us not to at least look at their `problem'.
Now the `final solution' being peddled by the smartcard industry (and
others) is to make software copying physically impossible, by tying
program execution to a unique tamper-resistant hardware token. We
wouldn't like to see this happen, and we have already done a lot to
undermine confidence in the claims of tamper-proofness made by
smartcard salesmen.
So Markus and I sat down and tried to figure out what we could do for
the Evil Empire. We concluded that (1)  large companies generally pay for their software; (2)  if you try to coerce private individuals, the political backlash      would be too much; so (3)  if the Evil Empire is to increase its revenue by cracking down on
     piracy, the people to go after are medium sized companies.
So the design goal we set ourselves was a technology that would enable
software vendors to catch the medium-sized offender - the dodgy
freight company that runs 70 copies of Office 97 but only paid for one
- while being ineffective against private individuals.
We succeeded.
In the process we have made some fundamental discoveries about
Tempest. Army signals officers, defence contractors and spooks have
been visibly flabberghasted to hear our ideas or see our demo.
In the old days, Tempest was about expensive hardware - custom
equipment to monitor the enemy's emissions and very tricky shielding
to stop him doing the same to you. It was all classified and strictly
off-limits to the open research community.
We have ended that era. You can now use software to cause the
eavesdropper in the van outside your house to see a completely
different image from the one that you see on your screen. In its
simplest form, our technique uses specially designed `Tempest fonts'
to make the text on your screen invisible to the spooks. Our paper
tells you how to design and code your own.
There are many opportunities for camouflage, deception and misconduct.
For example, you could write a Tempest virus to snarf your enemy's PGP
private key and radiate it without his knowledge by manipulating the
dither patterns in his screen saver. You could even pick up the signal
on a $100 short wave radio. The implications for people trying to
build secure computer systems are non-trivial.
Anyway, we offered Bill G the prospect that instead of Word radiating
the text you're working on to every spook on the block, it would only
radiate a one-way function of its licence serial number.  This would
let an observer tell whether two machines were simultaneously running
the same copy of Word, but nothing more. Surely a win-win situation,
for Bill and for privacy.
But Microsoft turned down our offer. I won't breach confidences, but
the high order bit is that their hearts are set on the kind of
technology the smartcard people are promising - one that will
definitively prevent all copying, even by private individuals. We
don't plan to help them on that, and I expect that if they field
anything that works, the net result will be to get Microsoft
dismembered by the Department of Justice.
Meantime we want our Soft Tempest technology to be incorporated in as many products as possible - and not just security products!
So to Rainier Fahs, who asked:
I say this: our discovery, that Tempest protection can be done in
software as well as hardware, puts it beyond the reach of effective
export control. So yes, you now have a choice. You didn't before,
Ross Anderson
British Technology Might Flush Out Software Pirates
By John Burgess
Washington Post Foreign Service
Saturday, February 7, 1998; Page H01 CAMBRIDGE, England It's a technique that intelligence
agencies have used for years: Park a van filled with
monitoring gear near an embassy and listen for the faint radio
signals that computers routinely emit when they are on.
Analyze those signals for clues to the data that are on the
Now researchers at the University of Cambridge, home of
groundbreaking work in intelligence over the years, are trying
to adapt this technology to the fight against software piracy.
With special code written into software, they say, computers
could be made to broadcast beacons that would carry several
hundred yards and identify the software they were running,
complete with serial numbers of each copy.
Vans run by anti-piracy groups could pull up outside a
company's office and count the number of software signals
emanating from it. If, say, 50 beacons for a particular title
were detected but the company had licensed only two copies
of the software, that could become evidence on which a court
would issue a search warrant.
Ross Anderson, a University of Cambridge lecturer who is
overseeing the project, said the idea originated last year when
Microsoft Corp. Chairman Bill Gates visited the university
after his private foundation announced a $20 million donation
to the school. Gates told officials that, among other things, he
would love the university to come up with new anti-piracy
So far, Microsoft isn't enthusiastic about the university's
approach, Anderson said. "They have some reservations.
Obviously there are Big Brother aspects," he said. A
Microsoft spokeswoman said the company has no plans to
adapt the technology.
Emilia Knight, a vice president at BSA Europe, a trade group
that combats software piracy, said such an anti-piracy system
might be technically feasible. But she noted many practical
questions on the legal side, such as how the system would
differentiate between companies pirating software and those
legally using multiple copies of programs.
Knight said that concerns of privacy and consumer rights
might make the system a no-go for industrialized countries.
But in places like Eastern Europe, she suggested, where piracy
is rampant and there is no tradition of such protections, the
software signal detectors might be acceptable.
Richard Sobel, a political scientist who teaches at Harvard
University and researches privacy issues, called it "an
appalling idea."
"If the technology is there to identify what software people are
using, there's the prospect to figure out what people are doing.
. . . It sounds like a horrible violation of privacy," Sobel said.
In Britain, however, it might seem less controversial. Here
authorities have long used similar techniques to ferret out
people who fail to pay the annual license fee of about $150
that the law requires for each TV set in the country.
Cruising the streets here are vans carrying equipment that can
detect emissions from a TV set's "local oscillator," the part
that turns a station's signal into a picture. If the gear senses a
TV set inside a house from which there is no record of a
license payment, this is used as evidence to levy fines.
The system also can tell what channel people are watching
because the oscillator gives off a slightly different signal for
each one.
Anderson's researchers have built a prototype that can detect
the type of software running on a machine from short range --
the hallway outside the room where the computer is running.
Anderson said they are ready to build prototype hardware
with a longer range, at a cost of about $15,000-$30,000 -- if
the lab can find a customer. So far, none has stepped forward.
 Copyright 1998 The Washington Post Company
     Today's Washington Post claims that a Cambridge research team led by one      Ross Anderson is developing technology that would require all personal      computers to broadcast the identity of all programs they are running so      that anti-piracy investigators can sit outside universities and businesses      and check to see whether the folks inside are running more programs than      their licenses allow.       The article says that even Microsoft thinks this might go too far in      invading the privacy of computer users. But advocates for the technology      claim that it will work fine in benighted Eastern European countries where      piracy is rampant and the natives are used to having their privacy invaded.
     This raises at least three questions:
     1.  Is this story correct?
     2.  If so, is the Ross Anderson it describes the same Ross Anderson known      on this list for his attacks on Big Brother?
     3.  If so, are we to understand that Ross objects not so much to invading      privacy as to government competition in that endeavor?
     Stewart Baker

@_date: 1998-02-09 01:13:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Soft Tempest 
Much praise is due Markus and Ross for their astonishing
accomplishment in long-neglected Tempest research.
Their paper is surely causing sleeplessness in dens of
TEMPESTed security agencies accustomed to having
singular self-privacy and others-invasiveness via this technology. Microsoft is to be praised for funding the right thing for the wrong reasons, or perhaps Mr. Gates foresaw what the outcome would be and merely needs intel deniability,
nicely aided by Ross's zipperedness -- that, too, well done.
The Wash Post spin of the story is itself complicitous,
as was Mr. Baker's enticement. Thanks to both for aiding the incovert global revelation.

@_date: 1998-02-09 22:40:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EPIC World Crypto Survey 
The New York Times, February 9, 1998, p. D10:
U.S. Losing Battle on Control of Data Encryption, Study Says
By Jeri Clausing
Washington -- The Clinton Administration is losing its battle
to increase international controls over how reliably computer
data can be scrambled to insure privacy, according to a report
to be released Monday by an independent research group. ...
The Electronic Privacy Information Center says that its survey of 243 governments showed that the United
States is virtually the only democratic, industrialized nation
seeling domestic regulation of strong encryption.
That finding directly contradicts the Clinton Administration's
assertions in Congressional hearings that it has the support of
most nations on this issue. ...
William Reinsch, the Under Secretary for export administration
in the United States Commerce Department, denied that the study
contradicted the Administration's assertions. "All the Administration has ever said is that there are more countries that go farther  than we do," Mr. Reinsch said. "The study confirms that."

@_date: 1998-02-11 16:16:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: UK Crypto Ban? 
A source who is a lobbyist in a non-computer sector has just called me
to say that Margaret Beckett will be announcing a (compulsory?) key
escrow program next Tuesday.
So far I don't have independent confirmation, although Nigel Hickson
recently said here that he was expecting an announcement "soon".
Here's hoping we can get it out before the gvt machine controls the
Malcolm Hutty.
Campaign Against Censorship                    Tel: 0171 589 4500
of the Internet in Britain                     Fax: 0171 589 4522
                                     e-mail: cacib at liberty.org.uk
Say NO to Censorship         Web: -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Free Life Commentary                    Editor:  Sean Gabb
Issue Number Ten
Tuesday 10th February 1998, 11:20pm
"Over himself, over his own mind and body, the individual is sovereign"
(J.S. Mill, On Liberty, 1859)
           Next Week's British Encryption Ban
                      by Sean Gabb
Earlier this evening, I was given confidential information by someone
close to a British Cabinet Minister.  I am not in the habit of speaking
to such people, let alone having them leak state secrets to me.  But
that is what happened.  In publishing what I heard, I am now risking a
prosecution under the Official Secrets Acts - or, more likely, being
made to look ridiculous if what I predict does not happen.  These risks
being accepted, here is the leak.
Next Tuesday, the 17th February 1998, the Department of Trade and
Industry will announce plans to outlaw the use of strong encryption
software within the United Kingdom.  We are to be encouraged - and
ultimately forced - to encrypt our e-mail only in ways that will allow
the authorities to read it.
My source was vague about the details of the scheme, saying that they
had not yet been circulated to the full Cabinet.  But I imagine that it
will be more or less a reprint of the Conservative Government's public
consultation paper of March 1997.  This came to nothing because of the
change of Government, and it was even hoped that Labour would have a
more liberal policy on Internet regulation.  However, Margaret Beckett,
the Minister now responsible for trade and industrial policy, is neither
bright nor forceful; and she was early captured by the officials who in
theory are supposed to do her bidding.  If next Tuesday's consultation
paper differs at all from the last one, it will be only in matters of
small detail and presentation.  For this reason, it is probably safe to
take the last paper as a guide to what we can expect.
The Government will propose creating a network of what are called
Trusted Third Parties, or TTPs.  These are to be organisations licensed
to provide encryption services to the public - that is, software,
consultancy and other support.  Because they have been licensed by the
State, we are to be encouraged to believe that they really are
trustworthy - that they are not distributing bad encryption software, or
robbing their clients in other ways.  But just in case we decide not to
believe any of this, it will be made illegal for any unlicensed person
to offer encryption services.  Here, it is worth quoting from last
year's consultation paper:
    The legislation will prohibit an organisation from offering or
providing encryption services to the UK public without a licence.
Prohibition will be irrespective of whether a charge is made for such
services.  The offering of encryption services to the UK public (for
example via the Internet) by an unlicensed TTP outside of the UK will
also be prohibited.  For this purpose, it may be necessary to place
restrictions on the advertising and marketing of such services to the
Enacted into law, this would make it illegal for me to copy encryption
software from my hard disk for a friend, and for computer magazines to
include it on their free cover disks.  It would also allow a strict
supervision of the material and the links given access to by British
sites on the World Wide Web.
The paper never clarifies why we need TTPs in the first place, or why -
their need granted - they can only be trusted if licensed by the State.
But it does say a lot about law enforcement and national security.  Or,
to be more accurate, it does say a lot in the usual code about the need
to fill in any last potholes on the road to a British police state.
Starting with the Interception of Communications Act 1985, the British
State has given itself powers of surveillance that a Third World
dictator might envy.  It can tap our phones on the word of a Minister.
It can burgle our homes and leave recording devices behind on the word
of a senior policeman.  It can trawl through and inspect any records on
us held by any organisation.  It can do all this without our knowledge,
and without any effective system of appeal and redress.  The relevant
laws are careful to describe the permissions for this as "warrants".
But they really are no more than what in France before the Revolution
were called Lettres du Cachet - things that our ancestors boasted did
not and could not exist in the freer air of England.
The spread of personal computers seemed likely at first to extend the
scope of surveillance still further.  This had until then been limited
by cost.  For all the theoretical risks, sending letters in sealed
envelopes through the post has always been reasonably secure:  the costs
of interception can only be justified in exceptional cases.  For the
same reason, most private papers are safe.  But the routing of an
increasing amount of mail through the Internet promised to bring down
the costs of surveillance to the point where everyone could be watched.
The storage of records on computers connected to the Internet promised
to make it possible for the authorities to spy on people by remote
The problem is the development of strong encryption software like pgp,
and its growing popularity among millions of ordinary people who, though
not criminals, have a strong regard for privacy.  It allows us to keep
our e-mail and private records secret to all but the most determined and
expensive attacks.  It gives to us the benefits of instant communication
and mass data storage, but keeps the authorities - despite their new
powers of surveillance - no better informed than in the old days of due
process and envelope steaming.
Therefore all the talk of Trusted Third Parties.  The terms of their
licences will require them to sell encryption software with keys that
cannot be modified by their clients, and to collect and store copies of
these keys for handing over to the authorities.  Last year's document is
full of promises about "strict safeguards" and the like.  But the
reality is this:
    The legislation will provide that the Secretary of State may issue a
warrant requiring a TTP to disclose private encryption keys... or a body
covered by that warrant.
No mention of judicial involvement at the time, or judicial review
afterwards - just more police state commands.
We can ignore anything the Government parrots next week about law
enforcement and national security - or, for that matter, child
pornography and complex fraud.  These really are just code words.  If I
were a criminal, or a terrorist, or a foreign spy, the last encryption
software I would use would come from a Trusted Third Party.  Strong
encryption packages are available all over the Internet, or can pass
from hand to hand on a single floppy disk.  Nor would I worry much about
laws against the transmission of data encrypted with unlicensed
software.  There are ways of keeping the authorities from even knowing
that an Internet message contains encrypted data.
Somewhere, I have an early version of a program called Steganography,
created by Romana Machado.  This takes an encrypted text and merges it
into a graphics file.  My version produces a visible degradation of
picture quality.  Almost certainly, the newer releases have solved this
problem.  Assuming I had them, and were sufficiently unpatriotic -
neither applies in my case, let me add - I could e-mail this country's
battle plans straight off to Saddam Hussain merged invisibly into a
picture of my dog.  GCHQ would never notice until the Scud missiles
began landing on Cheltenham.
No - the encryption ban will be aimed at us, the honest public.  We are
the people who tend to respect the law - or at least to be afraid of it
enough to comply in most cases.  It is our privacy that is to be
stripped away.  It is we who are to become like Winston Smith, living
for every moment when the telescreens are not monitoring our facial
Why this is desired I cannot say.  But we are living though an age of
withering trust in the common people.  In this country, we are not
trusted to possess guns for our self-defence - or indeed to carry carpet
knives locked inside our cars.  We are not trusted to choose and
administer our own medicines, or to bring up our own children in the
manner of our choice, or to decide whether or not oxtail soup might be
bad for us.  Plugging in the telescreens is only a logical next step.
Normally, when I write on these issues, I work myself into a frenzy of
pessimism.  At the moment, though, I feel rather optimistic.  Next
Tuesday's proposals will cause an uproar.  This will not come from the
so-called civil liberties groups like Liberty - excepting a few small
bodies like the Libertarian Alliance, they have all been taken over by
New Labour apparatchiks who can be trusted to keep their mouths shut.
It will come from the big business interests.
British Telecom is the third or fourth largest telecommunications
company in the world.  If operates in more than 40 markets, often
needing to provide its clients with very secure networks.  In the City
of London there are more representative offices of foreign banks than in
the rest of the European Union combined.  These have a taste for
confidentiality.  There are many other large interests - all paying
billions in taxes, all likely to be very hostile to any scheme that will
make them appear less useful to foreign clients.  We have a Labour
Government that still needs to establish itself in the public mind as a
party friendly to business.  These facts can surely be trusted to ensure
the dropping of a scheme that would not merely turn the country into a
full police state, but also do the greatest damage to British business
since nationalisation.
Or so I hope.
Free Life Commentary is an independent journal of comment, published on
the Internet.  To receive regular issues, send e-mail to Sean Gabb at old.whig at virgin.net
Issues are archived at
Contact Address:                        25 Chapter Chambers,                                         Esterbrooke Street,                                         London, SW1P 4NN;                                         Telephone:  0181 858 0841
If you like Free Life Commentary, you may also care to subscribe to my
longer, hard copy journal, Free Life, subscription details for which can
be obtained by writing to me at the above address.
Legal Notice:  Though using the name Free Life, this journal is owned by
me and not by the Libertarian Alliance, which in consequence bears no
liability of whatever kind for the contents.

@_date: 1998-02-13 16:41:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BXA, UK Ban, McCain-Kerrey 
In response to Greg Broiles' and Ulf  Mller's posts and the prospect of a UK ban on non-escrowed encryption next Tuesday:
                       Opening Address
             Under Secretary William A. Reinsch                  Bureau of Export Administration                    U.S. Department of Commerce
                       Update West 98                     Los Angeles, California                          February 10, 1998
One of the reasons why our licensing load is inching back up is the transfer of encryption licensing to Commerce earlier this year. No speech from me would be complete without a paragraph on encryption, so here it is. Our policy is intended to balance the competing interests of privacy, electronic commerce, law enforcement, and national security. We believe that use of key recovery technologies is the best way to achieve that balance. We do not focus narrowly on a single technology or approach. We expect the market to make those judgments, but we are taking steps to facilitate the development and dissemination of these products.
Our regulations allow recoverable encryption products of any strength and key length to be exported freely after a single review by the government. To encourage movement toward recoverable products, we have also created a special, two-year liberalization period during which companies may export 56 bit DES or equivalent products provided they submit plans to develop key recovery products. This provides an incentive for manufacturers to develop these products, which in turn will facilitate the development of key management infrastructures. So far, we have approved 47 plans, from companies large and small, and have five more pending.
In terms of licenses, in calendar year 1997, we received 2076 applications, and approved 1801 licenses with a dollar value of $4.7 billion. (The reason for the high dollar value is because we approve encryption licensing arrangements for extended periods of time, from 4 to 10 years.)
The interagency working group on cryptography policy, which includes representatives from BXA, NSA, and the FBI, continue to meet to discuss ways to streamline the licensing process on encryption export licenses. Several items have been identified and progress is being made in these areas. We have established a pre-Operating Committee group to discuss contentious cases. In part as a result, no encryption cases have been escalated to the OC since mid-December. We have created an Autolist to eliminate agency referrals. So far, we have agreed to list specific products amounting to 20% of the products we see. This means, once implemented, that a subset of licenses can be processed by Commerce without prior referral to other agencies. Finally, we have posted on our web page "helpful hints" to make the encryption licensing process more transparent:   We continue to work on other initiatives to streamline the process.
We are also discussing with our trading partners a common approach to encryption policy. We have found that most major producing countries have public safety and national security concerns similar to ours. We are working together with these governments to ensure that our policies are compatible, and that they facilitate the emergence of a key management infrastructure.
With respect to legislation, we believe the McCain-Kerrey Bill, S. 909, the Secure Public Networks Act, provides a sound basis for legislation acceptable to both Congress and the Administration. In particular, we appreciate the bill's explicit recognition of the need to balance competing objectives and of the potential for key recovery to become a market-driven mechanism to facilitate maintaining that balance. [Other excerpts of speeches by BXA officials at the seminar:]
Encryption Controls
Export Enforcement has new responsibilities in the encryption area. Over the past year, Export Enforcement has opened many new investigations involving alleged violations of the encryption regulations. These cases are being watched very closely. The national security of the United States depends in part on the government's ability to obtain timely information about the activities and plans of potentially hostile foreign parties, such as terrorists and drug dealers. ... the Department of Justice and National Security Agency participate in processing licenses for encryption. ... The increase in licenses we are experiencing is attributable not only to increased exports, but to transfer of items from the Munitions List to Commerce jurisdiction. Encryption licenses account for a significant portion of the increase. We created a special division to handle those. As of today, there is only one encryption case that has been pending over 40 days.
For full speeches:

@_date: 1998-02-15 16:09:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Spy Touts Crypto 
Frankfurt, Germany (AP) -- Germany's spy chief has denied U.S. allegations that his agents spy on American companies, but he warned German firms that such economic espionage is soaring internationally. Bernd Schmidbauer said in comments published Saturday that, in contrast to most countries' spy agencies, Germany's is not involved in any economic espionage. The Frankfurter Allgemeine daily reported that the FBI last month accused Germany of running a post near Frankfurt that eavesdrops on U.S. phones and tries to break into American computer systems. "We're astounded about those reports from the FBI," the newspaper quoted Schmidbauer as saying. He said the post is involved only in trying to prevent the spread of weapons of mass destruction. The FBI does not normally identify governments it suspects of economic spying. But an article last month, written by an FBI agent for the industry magazine Public Administration Review, lists Germany along with France, Israel, China and South Korea as major offenders. The article said more than 700 investigations involving economic espionage by foreign governments are pending before the bureau. The FBI confirmed that figure last month. The American Society for Industrial Security estimated that American businesses lost $300 billion in intellectual property to foreign and domestic spies last year. Schmidbauer said German companies also are increasingly targeted, and warned that any conversations, faxes or computer information carried over phone lines or mobile phones could be eavesdropped. "A lot of money is being lost through this form of espionage," Schmidbauer said, without giving a figure. "And it's not only east European spies that are snapping up know-how from German "Our companies are relatively naive," he said. "Concrete steps must be taken ... including encoding techniques."
Thanks to DN.

@_date: 1998-02-21 12:07:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: putting down the US military 
It's easy to fault the military as an organization, as easy as
with any other. Most of us have had enough experience with
them to know what Dilbert knows, even if we can't quip like
the master.
What's hard is to know the unexplainable of combat and
be unable to convey what it's like to those who haven't
had the peculiar disorientation of losing whatever ability you've ever had to tell the difference between living and No book or film or general has ever got right, nor any tale told by skulled out vets sober or not.
What's never told is what it's like to lose control of mind and
body for days weeks and months. Maybe it can't be told, can't be remembered, can't be related in normal ways of communicating. Maybe that's why some of the best war
stuff is created by those who've never been there.
Enduring an artillery barrage is beyond comprehension, your
body goes to pieces under the crushing sound and concussion,
and involuntary reactions overwhelm the normal controls of all
organs and orifices. Every part goes haywire, beyond stopping,
everybody on the scene can't help becoming beaten meat
flopping and scrambling to get underground, trying to scream
amidst god's loudest roar of thunder and screeching richocheting
Bombing is far worse than that.
Even the hit of high speed round will hydraulic-ram your blood into
parts of your carcass it was never meant to go, and your senses
go numb with shock, and nothing works, body or mind. And that's
before you become conscious enough to see the savagery the slug's done to your precious gut, arm, leg, crotch -- if it didn't
fly through your helmet and skull leaving you permanently
There's no way to get ready for the worst you'll ever experience
and wish you hadn't. Maybe that's why most vets forget what
they actually experienced and fall back on the tired and true lies
of war stories. Nobody could possibly believe the other if you
could manage to tell the truth, which I doubt anybody's got the
courage to do, to relive that, when every instinct of survival is to go blank.
Which is why you'll see now and then some who just sit and stare a long way past the horizon, like math geniuses in Princeton deep
Anyway, this has nothing to do with recruiting and patriotism which are about wholly believable war stories like you see
on tv and hear down at the lodge and bar.

@_date: 1998-02-21 13:01:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BBC Gnaws Crypto 
The BBC has a special report on encryption policy today on
its Web site, with disputes among the UK, EU and US:
Thanks to Yaman Akdeniz on UK Crypto list.

@_date: 1998-02-22 09:49:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CIA Blasts Bay of Pigs Op 
The NY Times reports today that the National Security Archive has obtained under FOIA the sole remaining copy of the
CIA's 1962 Top Secret survey of the Bay of Pigs disaster. The highly critical document is termed one of the most secret documents of the cold war. We've put a copy of the article at:
   The full declassified docs are at:
   They are entirely in JPG images, over 400 of them. We're
transcribing to ASCII but it will take a day or two.

@_date: 1998-02-27 04:30:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT on Crypto Smoke 
The New York Times, February 27, 1998, p. D1.
   Clinton Continues to Stumble Over the 'E' Word (Encryption)
   By John Markoff
   San Francisco, Feb. 26 -- President Clinton described the
   economic impact of the Internet today in glowing terms to
   an audience of technology investors here, but he failed to
   touch on the issue that increasingly appears to matter most
   to Silicon Valley: the fiery debate over the
   Administration's policy on data scrambling.
   The Clinton Administration has endeared itself to the
   nation's high-technology center by cutting capital gains
   taxes and by calling today for a bill that would bar state
   and local governments from enacting taxes on the Internet
   until 2004. But encryption may prove to be the
   Administration's Achilles' heel in its otherwise friendly
   ties with Silicon Valley.
   The debate over encryption -- which has pitted industry and
   civil liberties groups against law enforcement and
   intelligence agencies -- has sharpened in recent weeks. New
   legislation that would restrict the unlimited use of
   encryption is about to be introduced on Capitol Hill. A
   series of intense behind-the-scenes negotiations over a
   compromise solution between the Clinton Administration and
   a small group of high-technology executives suggests that
   no simple resolution is in sight.
   Encryption policy has become a flash point because it is
   both essential for the growth of Internet commerce and
   vital for the protection of privacy. Techniques that use
   mathematical formulas permit computers to scramble data so
   they cannot be read without access to a special "key,"
   usually a large number that permits a user to unscramble
   the information. Law enforcement officials want to force
   users to put such keys in escrow with independent
   authorities to allow for electronic surveillance in
   criminal investigations.
   President Clinton has told Silicon Valley executives in
   private meetings that he is sympathetic with their
   viewpoint but that he is under great pressure from law
   enforcement and national security officials to put even
   greater controls in place on encryption technology.
   "To us this is really important, but it's just an irritant
   to him," said one Silicon Valley executive who met with the
   President before his speech today and asked not be
   identified further. "His basic message to us was, 'Can we
   get this thing done?' "
   Senators John McCain, Republican of Arizona, and Bob
   Kerrey, Democrat of Nebraska, are circulating a revised
   version of their encryption bill, which includes several
   changes in response to industry and privacy concerns but it
   has so far won few adherents outside of the law-enforcement
   community.
   Critics say the legislation is simply a placeholder for
   future laws that would restrict the use of the technology.
   "Everyone who is looking at the export issue is looking at
   it as a prelude to domestic controls," said Mark Rasch, a
   former Federal prosecutor who is now a specialist in
   encryption and computer security issues at the Science
   Applications International Corporation in McLean, Va.
   Industry opponents of encryption controls, heavily financed
   by high-technology companies, are preparing to announce on
   Wednesday a new coalition, Americans for Privacy, aimed at
   ending restrictions on encryption technology exports.
   At the same time Hewlett Packard plans to announce on
   Friday a new set of encryption technologies, with
   endorsements from the Department of Commerce and companies
   like I.B.M.. These technologies known as the International
   Cryptographic Framework, would let individual governments
   establish potentially conflicting encryption policies -- or
   even place no restrictions.
   Silicon Valley executives argue that the law-enforcement
   demand for the continued ability to wiretap in the
   information age is wishful thinking at best. The easy
   availability of powerful encryption software has made it
   possible for any two people, anywhere in the world to hold
   a secret conversation beyond the prying of even the most
   powerful code-breaking computer, they say.
   The White House is now considering several other industry
   proposals intent on finding a compromise between industry
   and law enforcement interests.
   Another approach that is now being raised in negotiations
   between industry executives and the White House has been
   put forth by executives from Cisco Systems, the company
   that is the dominate provider of Internet routing
   equipment.
   The Cisco proposal, known as Clearzone, would place
   encryption in the network instead of from personal computer
   to personal computer. Then, if a law-enforcement agency had
   a warrant to wiretap, it would be possible to go to an
   Internet provider that could then turn off encryption. But
   this proposal makes no provision for retrieving stored
   information also sought by law-enforcement agents.
   [Photo] President Clinton and Sandy Robertson of
   BancAmerica Robertson Stephens, at a conference of
   technology executives and investors in San Francisco
   yesterday.
   [End]

@_date: 1998-02-27 05:06:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: KRA Dis-Trust 
Federal Register: February 27, 1998 (Volume 63, Number 39)
[Page 10040-10041]

@_date: 1998-02-28 05:14:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Radio Frequency Warfare Hearing 
We offer the lengthy prepared testimony at the Joint Economic Committee hearing February 25 on "Radio Frequency Weapons and Proliferation: Potential Impact on the Economy."
    (112K)
Or zipped:
   (39K)
It provides descriptions of the RF weapons, their development, research and testing, global spread, and threat to the infrastructure and national security.
The Internet availability of Carlo Kopp's paper on the E-bomb and similar RFW information is cited as evidence of the spread of the threatening technology.
The hearing evolved from JEC hearing testimony in June 1997 which described the threat from RFW,
especially that developed by the Former Soviet Union:
  Magnetohydrodynamic Generator Frequency (MHDGF)
  Explosive Magnetic Generator of Frequency (EMGF)
  Implosive Magnetic Generator of Frequency (IMGF)
  Cylindrical Shock Wave Source (CSWS)
  Spherical Shock Wave Source (SSWS)
  Ferromagnetic Generator of Frequency (FMGF)
  Superconductive Former of Magnetic Field Shock Wave (SFMFSW)
  Piezoelectric Generator of Frequency (PEGF)
  Superconducting Ring Burst Generator (SCRBG)

@_date: 1998-02-28 05:38:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Backyard RF Weapon 
Excerpt from congressional hearing on RF weapons:
      Mr. David Schriner is the Principal Engineer directed energy studies with Electronic Warfare Associates and a recently retired engineer with the naval weapons testing facility at China Lake. He has numerous patents, has
received superior service awards, and given technical presentations over 42 years of civil and military service. He will discuss the difficulty in building a RF weapon and the terrorist threat.
      In support of the information presented in this testimony and taking advantage of the winter's need to work indoors, a unit that uses oil spark-gaps was designed, built, and tested. The materials for it were mail-ordered at a
cost of about $500 and about one week was needed to fabricate the mechanical hardware. It use two ignition coils and a battery for power, an automobile fuel pump and filter for the oil circulation, and commonly available transformer
oil. An additional week was required to work out all of the electrical wiring, the oil lines, and the general finishing details. This unit was ready for testing in two weeks after starting the effort.       The signal radiated from the unit was measured and found to be a very significant power level that can be compared against available vulnerability
and susceptibility levels of military equipment. When the weather permits, this
unit will be tested against a set of infrastructure targets at an official test
range. consistently deadly to many types of infrastructure items at ranges suitable
for terrorist usage.       This quickly-developed low-cost system could easily be placed in a small van and used in a parking lot or directed at buildings that the van was driven past. It is highly likely that this type of device would be a very effective terrorist system and the findings of its design could be factored into another either a larger, higher powered device, or a more advanced design each with significantly greater effectiveness.       The net result of all of this design, experimentation, fabrication and measurement proves that such a weapon system could be made by anyone with an engineering degree or even a bright technician with good hardware experience. The technical information required can be found in open sources, if not just from good common engineering sense. The materials needed are nothing special
and if the effort is made, advanced concepts can be made using everyday hardware
such as automotive ignition systems. The testing to date has been very limited but
the results of this testing have provided considerable insight to just what is vulnerable in infrastructure systems. This insight and work leads to a firm opinion that a terrorist would have little trouble developing such technology
and that he would have a high probability of success in the use as an RF weapon against our infrastructure elements found in any city or near facilities around the country.       This work has been done within the proper security guidelines since:       1.The models made in my home laboratory/workshop used off-the-shelf
materials         and open-source references.
      2.The laboratory tests of this hardware were made in a controlled
environment         with the proper security in place.
      3.The results of these tests, the data capabilities, and the target set         identities are kept in a facility cleared for classified storage.
      4.The development of any of this hardware is reported on a regular
basis to         those with whom I relate at a classified level to assure that they are         informed of the work and are able to apply this to their interests and         efforts if necessary. Any of this hardware can be used by them for any
        determination of utility to military interests.       Work in this area will be continued and an aggressive test and
evaluation of these "back yard" techniques and methods will be accomplished. This process
will be done in cooperation, and if requested, under the direction of agencies with an interest in this non-military weapon related process. The author of this
report will, if requested, provide to the Committee further details at a classified level
in the proper security environment. Full hearing testimony:

@_date: 1998-01-03 21:00:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Codeleakers 
Mercury Rising
Art Jeffries (Bruce Willis), a disillusioned, outcast FBI agent, is the only one who can protect an orphaned nine-year-old autistic savant (Miko Hughes) when he becomes the target of assassins after
inadvertently deciphering a top-secret government military code.
Lt. Colonel Nicholas Kudrow (Alec Baldwin) is the National Security
agent assigned to unveil the source of the code's leak.                     Preview
            5fps - 4.9MB / 10fps - 8.1MB             The film opens April 3, 1998.
                Website Coming Soon!

@_date: 1998-01-06 20:14:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Letter on Jim Bell 
There's a recent letter on Jim Bell/AP/IRS harassment
by long-time friend Bob East at:
   Offered by Joab Jackson, who wrote the recent story posted here for the Baltimore City Paper.

@_date: 1998-01-07 12:21:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Sentencing for Electronic Copyright Infringement 
The United States Sentencing Commission published in the Federal Register today an RFC on changes in sentencing guidelines. Here's an excerpt on electronic copyright . . .
Legislative Amendments
Electronic Copyright Infringement
9. Issue for Comment
    The No Electronic Theft Act, Public Law 105-147, was recently enacted to provide a statutory basis to prosecute and punish persons who, without authorization and without realizing financial gain or commercial advantage, electronically access copyrighted materials or encourage others to do so. The Act includes a directive to the Commission to (A) ensure that the applicable guideline range for a crime committed against intellectual property (including offenses set forth at section 506(a) of title 17, United States Code, and sections 2319, 2319A, and 2320 of title 18, United States Code) is sufficiently stringent to deter such a crime; and (B) ensure that the guidelines provide for consideration of the retail value and quantity of the items with respect to which the crime against intellectual property was     Each of the statutes mentioned in the congressional directive currently are referenced to Sec. 2B5.3 (Criminal Infringement of Copyright or Trademark). That guideline provides for incrementally greater punishment when the retail value of the infringing items exceeded $2,000. However, when copyrighted materials are infringed upon by electronic means, there is no ``infringing item'', as would be the case with counterfeited goods. Therefore, the Commission must determine how to value the infringed upon items in order to implement the congressional directive to take into account the retail value and quantity of the items with respect to which the offense was
committed. The Commission invites comment on how Sec. 2B5.3 (Criminal Infringement of Copyright or Trademark) should be amended to best effectuate the congressional directives.
    An approach suggested by the Department of Justice is set forth below. The Commission invites comment on this and alternative     Department of Justice Proposed Amendments to Sec. 2B5.3:
    The text of Sec. 2B5.3 is amended to read as follows: ``(a) Base offense level: [6]
    (b) Specific Offense Characteristic
    (1) If the loss to the copyright or trademark exceeded $2,000, increase by the corresponding number of levels from the table in Sec. 2F1.1 (Fraud and Deceit).''.
    The Commentary to Sec. 2B5.3 captioned ``Application Note'' is amended in Note 1 by striking:
    `` `Infringing items' means the items that violate the copyright or trademark laws (not the legitimate items that are infringed upon).'',
and inserting:
    ``A court may calculate the `loss to the copyright or trademark owner' in any reasonable manner. In determining `loss to the copyright or trademark owner,' the court may consider lost profits, the value of the infringed upon items, the value of the infringing items, the injury to the copyright or trademark owner's reputation, and other associated     The Commentary to Sec. 2B5.3 captioned ``Application Note'' is amended by striking ``Note'' and inserting ``Notes''; and by adding at the end the following new note:
    ``2. In some cases, the calculable loss to the victim understates the true harm caused by the offense. For example, a defendant may post copyrighted material to an electronic bulletin board or similar online facility, making it easy for others to illegally obtain and further distribute the material. In such an instance, it may not be possible to determine or even estimate how many copies were downloaded, or how much damage the defendant's conduct ultimately caused. In such cases, an upward departure may be warranted. See Chapter Five, Part K     The Commentary to Sec. 2B5.3 captioned ``Background'' is amended in the first paragraph by striking ``value of the infringing items'' and inserting ``loss to the copyright or trademark owner''; and by striking ``loss or''.
[End excerpt]
For the full RFC:
     (254K)

@_date: 1998-01-09 09:54:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Fast Elliptic Curve Math 
7 January 1998, Nikkei Industrial Daily
 Toshiba Unveils Fast Formula For Elliptic-Curve Cryptography  Tokyo -- Toshiba Corp. has developed an arithmetic formula which it claims  offers the world's fastest processes of elliptic-curve cryptography. The  formula cuts processing time by almost half from current methods used in  elliptic-curve systems.  Toshiba's formula is based on the Montgomery arithmetic system, a special
 method of calculation which requires no division.  Elliptic-curve cryptography is considerably faster than the Rivest Shamir  Adleman (RSA) system currently in common use.  Toshiba hopes to apply the system in a wide range of fields, including  corporate information systems and electronic commerce.  -----
Is there other information on this?

@_date: 1998-01-10 09:39:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Germany not so worried about Gestapo wiretaps now 
A clue to what's coming: BXA is due to issue its regulations for
implementing the Wassenaar Arrangement about January 26, so wrote
Jim Lewis at the agency. (Most here know that Wassenaar is
an international agreement among thirty-plus nations to control
export of technology, including encryption.)
Other nations who have signed Wassenaar will probably follow suit, preceded already by Australia and maybe others. Scuttlebutt is that
they're awaiting the US giant's move (or dealing for better incentives).
Further, there's surely preparatory work going on for crypto legislation
in the upcoming session, and we may see a push early in the term
in concert with Wassenaar and perhaps other Net regulations stimulated
by fear of infrastructure terrorism.
What's worth pondering is what new arguments will be made for
controlling/decontrolling crypto, new ways to divide the baby so every interest group can have a chunk, new serendipitous incidents, accidents and incentives.
Recall Bill Renisch's comment that nothing has ever boosted
interest in BXA-who like encryption, as several legislators and
other who's-thats in and out of gov have discovered. Any
topic that generates public attention is not to be ignored for long.
Along parallel lines, The New Yorker mag of January 12 has two
stories of note:
A short one on how blame the militants for the OKC bombing
so powerfully argued before the trials of McVeigh and Nichols
was not pursured during the trials. It suggests an apology to
militants is in order for groundless accusations.
Another much longer on the economic theory behind Justice's attack on Microsoft and how it challenges free market theory,
especially for high technology. That government intervention
may be needed for the pervasive dependency of society on such technology because it has such vast potential for harm. A curious parallel to the argument for Wassenaar.

@_date: 1998-01-11 03:15:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Theory Behind USA v. Microsoft 
John Cassidy writes in the January 12 New Yorker mag
of the controversial economic theory which undergirds DoJ's antitrust action against Microsoft.
He cites a seminal 1984 paper by Brian Arthur, "Competing
Technologies and Lock-in by Historical Small Events: The
Dynamics of Choice Under Increasing Returns."
After years of disparagement the theory seems to have
caught on, at least at Justice and with others who oppose the
theory of free market determination of winners and losers.
Arthur argues that market dominance by inferior products
is possible, and cites MS-DOS as an example.
Arthur is now a scientist at the Santa Fe Institute. He says
his theory "stands a great deal of economics on its head."
One critic said to Arthur, "If you are right, capitalism can't
For those unable to get the magazine, we offer a copy of
Cassidy's essay:
    (33K)
A side note: the same issue has a short piece noting that
the early charges of militant conspiracy behind the OKC
bombing have disappeared from the trials of McVeigh and
Nichols, and proposes that an apology is due militants, militia and other paranoiac targets.

@_date: 1998-01-12 11:23:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Jokes 
Inspired by "Crypto Kong," contributions of crypto jokes are requested, to enliven our Web site, which is pretty gray these days without congressional buffoonery. Thigh-slappers are preferred, but since one person's
humor is another's pain, any bizarre tales of woe,
stupidity and vanity are welcomed. Short as possible,
like Adam's three swines of pearl.
Sure, anonymous zingers are great. No pay, no
apologies for missing the point.

@_date: 1998-01-12 11:27:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Jokes 
Inspired by "Crypto Kong," contributions of crypto jokes are requested, to enliven our Web site, which is pretty gray these days without congressional buffoonery. Thigh-slappers are preferred, but since one person's
humor is another's pain, any bizarre tales of woe,
stupidity and vanity are welcomed. Short as possible,
like Adam's three swines of pearl.
Sure, anonymous zingers are great. No pay, no
apologies for missing the point.

@_date: 1998-01-15 20:00:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BXA Wassenaar Rule 
BXA published today its interim rule for implementing the Wassenaar Arrangement:
     (354K)
Or compressed, self-extracting Zip:
     (80K)
Federal Register, 15 January 1998
[[Page 2452]]
Bureau of Export Administration
15 CFR Parts 732, 740, 742, 743, 744, 746, 762, and 774
Implementation of the Wassenaar Arrangement List of Dual-Use Items:
Revisions to the Commerce Control List and Reporting Under the
Wassenaar Arrangement; Rule
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
Bureau of Export Administration
15 CFR Parts 732, 740, 742, 743, 744, 746, 762, and 774
[Docket No. 971006239-7239-01]
RIN 0694-AB35
Implementation of the Wassenaar Arrangement List of Dual-Use
Items: Revisions to the Commerce Control List and Reporting Under the
Wassenaar Arrangement
AGENCY: Bureau of Export Administration, Commerce.
ACTION: Interim rule with request for comments.

@_date: 1998-01-17 02:04:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Wassenaar Rule Update 
Update of yesterday's post:
The Bureau of Export Administration published 15 January 1998 in the Federal Register, "Implementation of the Wassenaar Arrangement List of Dual-Use Items: Revisions to the Commerce Control List and Reporting Under the Wassenaar Arrangement; Rule."
The rule in TXT format is available in three parts as published:
    (354K)
   (373K)
   (32K)
Or all three parts (742K) in a compressed self-extracting Zip file:
   (194K)
Excerpt for Category 5 -- Telecommunications and "Information Security":
   (39K)

@_date: 1998-01-17 04:20:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Wassenaar Rule Update 
Good point about the hazard of EXE files. Thanks. A zip file is available:
     (168K)

@_date: 1998-01-17 10:12:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: New Software Controls 
TH points out that there's a broad new provision in the
BXA Wassenaar rule for controlling telecommunications
software under Category 5, Part I - Telecommunications,    You might want to highlight the following section ... not sure of the    entire context ... but this isn't something that I'd seen before. It looks
   like control of any software that can transmit data.
       c.3. ``Software'' which provides the capability of recovering
       ``source code'' of telecommunications ``software'' controlled by
       5A001, 5B001, or 5C001;
For the citation see:    We've broken the rule into several components for easier
access to the Commerce Control List revisions. See:

@_date: 1998-01-19 01:51:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Eternity - an alternative approach 
Any chance you could get more info on this and pass it along? Or maybe your source could spec it through a remailer if you can persuade that
the cutout is truly inviolable.

@_date: 1998-01-19 07:38:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Voice Coding Controls 
DM notes of the BXA Wassenaar rule for voice coding:
   After looking at some of the Wassenaar docs, I was
   surprised to see that the CCL wants to regulate speech
   encoders that operate at less than 2400 bps. Surprising
   because it was encoding, not encryption, that was being
   regulated. This is disturbing.
   This at first seemed to put some of the Nautilus development
   team's software in jeopardy, but I believe that by the letter
   of the law (or regulation) that all coders in Nautilus are not
   subject to the CCL, as they only go as low as 2400 bps
   and not less than.
For citations of voice coding in Category 5 - Telecommunications:

@_date: 1998-01-19 08:34:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CAD Stego 
This repeats a suggestion from 1994 about using computer
assisted design programs to conceal text or other data:
1. CAD uses vectors to make graphics, including text,
and most programs can import a wide variety of data from other formats.
2. Several features can manipulate CAD objects into
unrecognizable forms by modifying scale, dimension,
orientation, opacity and so on.
3. The scale feature is useful to reduce, say, a text
of any length, or any digital object, to the size of a pixel. This pixel can be located, say, under a visible line, or, be made transparent as a "phantom" object. (An engineer
"stipples" concrete with microdot exotica and lofts the docs
to the Saudis, getting paid ten times the regular fee.)
4. Or, the text can be distorted by scale and dimension
to appear to be a line serving another function.
5. It's a snap to encrypt the text and import
it into CAD via several programs that do that duty.
Then the message could be distorted or hidden as
described above, for piggy-backing on an innocent-
looking document issued, say, to GSA for replenishing
the Blanco Bunker, where it would be opened by the
cp insider-sou-chef for de-distorted, decrypted instructions on how to prepare and place the bean.
6. To be sure, the underlying CAD code of the ciphertext could be identified by an astute auto-message-vetter of the EOP and then the CADbreakers would be beckoned to the roachtrap.
7. Big shortcoming: how to securely transmit the location (virtual coordinates) of the hidden message and what modifications need to be reversed for message access.
Beware of using 0,0,0 -- a near-universal data point for
CAD docs. However, 0,0,2^50 miles might be overlooked
if the 3d view is disabled.
8. Medium shortcoming: Full-featured CAD programs are expensive, however, the popular lite versions are cheap
and can usually read the pricier output.

@_date: 1998-01-19 09:08:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: let's do it: NYT ad with hash of fingerprints (fwd) 
Printed ads are sometimes not archived as widely as news articles, due
to the cost of reproduction, distribution and storage.
The same is true, though, of personals and other types of throwaways.
One possibility is to buy an ad on the NYT Front Page which is often sent
as an image around the world separately from the full paper, and on which one can buy a tiny ad for about $800 for two lines of text 32 characters long (ID must be included). That's the rate for a one-timer.
Adam, could you reduce the requisite gob to fit 64 characters? Each extra
line runs about $300.
However, bear in mind that a news article is cheaper and will be archived
for eternity (until Asteroid Endall); cheaper, that is, if you can pukedrunk a

@_date: 1998-01-19 10:40:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CAD Stego (fwd) 
Why the focus on color, the easiest thing to avoid using,
or layers, ditto? Superfluous for serious CAD, these dainty decorations from Martha Stewartville.
Most messages could be concealed in "hatched" objects,
bit-bloated as they are, indistinguishable from the elements
used to hatch. All black and white; maybe a dot of red for
cashmere dupe.
In fact, CAD is so bloated with dumb cad-jockey features,
and sleazebag work-monitoring logs, it puts most ordinary programs (even air-boss MS) to shame, and could hide a herd of rustled Mex longhorns as easily as the Bush family hides dryhole oil reserves, without any more trickery than sandpapering new boots to look worn.
Anyway, Jim, I gather from your remarks that you've not fiddled
for endless low-paid months and years to figure out how to
cheat the evil bosses and automatic work-snoop feature,
while onion-siphoning the Net for horny fare under guise of urgent file transfer to foam-mouth ne'erpays.
Underground (so to speak) swapping of digital work avoidance
tips is a huge use of global bandwidth riding on the backs
of big fat docs for globular structures for maggoty thugs.
(Although not nearly as gigantic as the porn trade stego-supporting Net infrastructre growth -- over 50% of Net traffic and rocketing.)
Who knows how much illicit info is riding the porn river in and
out of the most secure sanctums of tyrants?

@_date: 1998-01-19 11:24:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: let's do it: NYT ad with hash of fingerprints (fwd) 
ID once meant name, address and telephone number, now a name, tel
num and e-mail is okay (along with "Advt").  The NYT claims it owes this to its readers to show who's not who.
The "ads" are called "reader notices" by the NYT, which calls to verify
the bona fides of the purchaser. And they will not publish everything
requested (no vitriol, darn it). There's vetting but mawky pleas swing
the censor, indeed, the vetter seems to boost haywire to keep the mad buying. Is that not a Brit legacy, too?
Here's the poop for arrangements (as of 1/96):
Reader Notice
The New York Times
226 West 43rd Street
New York, NY 10036
Vox: 1-800-421-4571
Fax: 201-343-6703

@_date: 1998-01-19 21:03:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: proving that one knows how to break RSA 
We posted the notice about Payne's RSA paper. There's an
archive of his (and fellow Sandian Art Morales') NSA suit and
links to his papers :
   Perhaps Bill's a nut case, and if so, he's probably a bellweather of
other disaffected researchers in classified work who are being
trashed for refusing to continue Cold War violations beyond
the original conditions for signing secrecy agreements, and who
are being ostracized by those who want the perks to continue.
What folks like Payne are going to do with what they learned about
what the USG has been up to is a good question. And what the
USG will do to them if they start to tell is more so.
That's what Payne's NSA suit is about, and it may be more consequential than the all-too-sane Bernstein, Karn and Junger suits. That will depend on what Payne chooses to reveal in
spite of secrecy agreements.
We may never know what Bill knows about faulty cryptography
if DOE settles with him and Morales. Alternatively, he confesses to a fear of flying, for the reasons Dimitri states, based on what he says he knows of the insane accusations and actions of  the TLAs when their own comfort and security is threatened by an

@_date: 1998-01-20 00:54:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: More Software Controls 
Denise Caruso reports today in the NYT on upcoming copyright legislation that would prohibit circumventing any copyright protection on digital works. Quote:
   Many products on the market would qualify for
   circumvention devices. These include software
   that allows systems managers to gain access
   to computers when users lose their passwords
   and any device used to test the strength of
   computer security -- products that cannot be
   tested without trying to break protection
   technology.
There's also a report on The WWW Consortium's
vote a few days ago to include the PICS standard for Web infrastructure and the vote's import for censorship.
The report notes that technologists are now making
decisions about public policy once dominated by
lawyers, and defending the self-serving practice much the same: it's for the public good.

@_date: 1998-01-21 01:31:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: China's New Net Regs 
Thanks to MK we offer the new Chinese net regulations
as published by the US Embassy in Beijing:

@_date: 1998-01-22 01:43:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CP Bust or Buyout? 
Not much from the West Coast since the C2-CP meet on
Saturday. Were they all busted, or fragged, or has the underground mole hole at last been taken?
What, C2 shanghai-ed them all, with irrefusable bucks galore to securely distribute porn, NDA$ accomplishing what TLAs couldn't.

@_date: 1998-01-23 11:47:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Supplement to DoJ Seizure Guide 
There's a long October 1997 supplement to the 1994 DoJ Guide to Search and Seizure of Computers for which Jim Choate posted the TOC just now. It reflects recent campaigns, raids and counterattacks as the battle for supremacy between law and technology intensifies and both sides search and
seize each's best and worst:
     (100K)

@_date: 1998-01-24 02:52:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Misty??? 
One version of MISTY appeared a couple of years ago, and it was discussed on cpunks then. Mitsubishi has had brief descriptions
of it since then as the algorithm used on its LSI chip. Here are
two almost identical Melco blurbs which describe the features of
MISTY1 and MYSTY2:
      Note that these undated sites promise to publicize the algorithm and state that public testing of algorithms is a means of
assuring their strength.
Matsui, one of its authors, is a highly respected cryptographer and he's a regular participant in international crypto conferences.
His articles on the ciphers underlying MISTY are listed in the IETF draft for it:
   For those who wish to see the 25 draft encryption algorithms submitted to IETF in 1997 (MISTY1 the last) see a list at:

@_date: 1998-01-25 05:19:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Sucking Sound... 
No, it's the public and press, not the President, who are into denial about the nation's urgent succor. The President's radio
address today was solely on Medicare fraud and abuse.
Lucianne Goldberg's place is down the street and mobbed
around the clock with global bloodsuckers. "There is a god,"
she says, noting fruitless years of the right trying its best to suckerpunch the toke-sucker.
Which leads one to wonder who's squeeze gave what to Freeh's on Reno's, Starr's on Freeh's, Reno's on Starr's, that led them to gang up to divert attention to Bill's. Must have been Hillary's, aiming to succotash Al's.

@_date: 1998-01-26 07:56:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Technolgies of Political Control 
Thanks to Axel Horns and Ulf Mller we offer an excerpt
of the draft European Parliament report on global
surveillance cited in news reports recently:
  An Appraisal of Technolgies of Political Control
Scientific and Technological Options Assessment
     Working Document (Consultation version)
                  PE 166 499
            Luxembourg, 6 January 1998
The report covers:
- The Role & Function of Political Control Technologies
- Recent Trends and Innovations
- Developments in Surveillance Technologies
- Innovations in Crowd Control Weapons
- New Prison Control Systems
- Interrogation, Torture Techniques and Technologies
- Regulation of Horizontal Proliferation
- Further Research
See excerpt:    Printed copies are available from the staff of the British MEP Glyn
Ford (tel +322 2843748 fax +322 2849059, jford at europarl.eu.int).

@_date: 1998-01-26 21:54:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Announcement: RPK InvisiMail released on 12 Jan, 1998 
Bill Stewart compared the PR of RPK New Zealand's crypto
to Peter Gutmann's claims for NZ export controls.
This contrast confirms the report a few days back that any commercial crypto product that receives export approval from
any country is probably compromised notwithstanding the manufacturer's claims otherwise. Not that it's news here, but
this appears to be the unpublished requirement for granting of approvals, case by case. Either cooperate or face indefinite As Peter noted some time ago, this is what he was running into when he could not get a clear answer about NZ regulations, and parallels reports of similar experiences in the US, UK and other countries.
There is a similar current thread on UK Crypto about the difficulty
of getting a straight answer about crypto policy from HMG while
observing the success of cooperating crypto manufacturers.
It will be interesting to see how hard Congress pushes in the new session to expose what the Administration is up to behind BXA's
closed doors in contrast to open accounts.
And, what will be revealed (and concealed) bit by bit from the horse-trading of the Bernstein, Karn and Junger cases.

@_date: 1998-01-27 00:43:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Technologies of Political Control 
A bit more on getting a copy of the report:
   An Appraisal of Technologies of Political Control
It is Scientific and Technological Options Assessment (STOA) of the
European Parliament offering the report, not British MEP Glyn Ford, who was its sponsor. For a copy to be sent by snail, fax a request to STOA in Luxembourg:
  352-4300-22418
No electronic version is available from STOA. Draft reports
remain in paper format until finalized by the European
Parliament, which may take a while.
STOA's publications web site was last updated in July 1996, and its rep apologized for the trailing-edge tech.

@_date: 1998-01-27 01:47:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cylink and Organized Crime? 
Mr. Gene Carozza
Security Public Relations
Cylink Corporation
Dear Mr. Carozza,
We have received two recent e-mail messages concerning
Cylink's alleged links to organized crime. The messages
may be seen on the Web at:
   This is a serious charge. Could you provide information to answer it?
John Young

@_date: 1998-01-28 08:06:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Announcement: RPK InvisiMail released on 12 Jan, 1998 
On "using honey not vinegar" rationale of RPK InvisiMail for
obtaining crypto export licenses:
Applied Cryptography, Bruce Schneier, 2nd Edition, pp. 215-16
Algorithms for Export
Algorithms for export out of the United States must be approved by the U.S. government (actually, by the NSA--see Section 25.1)
It is widely believed that these export-approved algorithms can be broken by the NSA. Although no one has admitted this on the record, these are some of the things the NSA is rumored to privately
suggest to companies wishing to export their cryptographic products:
  - Leak a key bit once in a while, embedded in the ciphertext.
  - "Dumb down" the effective key to something in the 30-bit range.   For example, while the algorithm might accept a 100-bit key, most   of those keys might be equivalent.
  - Use a fixed IV, or encrypt a fixed header at the beginning of   each encrypted message. This facilitates a known-plaintext attack.
  - Generate a few random bytes, encrypt them with the key, and then
  put both the plaintext and the ciphertext of those random bytes at   the beginning of the encrypted message. This also facilitates a   known-plaintext attack.
NSA gets a copy of the source code, but the algorithm's details remain secret from everyone else. Certainly no one advertises any of these deliberate weaknesses, but beware if you buy a U.S. encryption product that has been approved for export.
Bruce added the last "beware" phrase to the 2nd edition.

@_date: 1998-01-29 01:31:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: New D.C./C.A. Judge 
One of twelve appointments announced today by the White House:
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA COURT OF APPEALS
Emilio W. Cividanes, D.C. Court of Appeals      Mr. Cividanes, of Washington, D.C., is of counsel to the law firm Piper & Marbury, L.L.P.   Since 1991, Mr. Cividanes has taught information privacy law as an adjunct professor at Georgetown University Law Center.  Before joining Piper & Marbury as an associate in 1988, he served one year as counsel to the Senate Judiciary Committee's Subcommittee on Technology & the Law, under then-Chairman Senator Patrick Leahy.  From 1983 to 1986, he was a civil litigation associate with the law firm of Dickstein, Shapiro & Morin.  Mr. Cividanes received his B.A. in 1979, from Haverford College and his J.D. in 1983, from the University of Pennsylvania Law School, where he was a comment editor on the Law Review.

@_date: 1998-01-29 08:32:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Can someone look this up? (fwd) 
Very SETI/UFO-mysterious. Here's what's listed (three times) at:
   [Code of Federal Regulations]
[Title 14, Volume 5, Parts 1200 to end]
[Revised as of January 1, 1997]
[CITE: 14CFR1211]
[Page 75]
                     TITLE 14--AERONAUTICS AND SPACE
       CHAPTER V--NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
PART 1211--[Reserved]
That's the entire entry.

@_date: 1998-01-30 22:26:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: New Rules on Classified Info 
The Department of Defense has published today three interim final rules on protection of classified information
(apparently issued confidentially months ago):
32 CFR Part 147, Personnel Security Policies for Granting Access to Classified Information
32 CFR Part 148, National Policy on Reciprocity of Facilities and Guidelines for Implementation of Reciprocity
32 CFR Part 149, National Policy on Technical Surveillance See at:
     (56K)
     (18K)
     (7K)

@_date: 1998-01-31 08:07:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: More on ISDN Features 
This is from UK Crypto, where the ISDN-snoop part of the EuroParl report on technologies for political control was cited and asked if true. Perhaps Jim Choate, Steve Schear and others might clarify.
   >A draft ("consultation version") of a report by the European
   >Parliament's Office for Scientific and Technological Option Assessment
   >(STOA) entitled "AN APPRAISAL OF TECHNOLOGIES OF POLITICAL    >CONTROL" has been submitted to the EuroParl's Civil Liberties and    >Interior Committee.
But this is all (or 99 percent) complete bollocks.
   >"[...] Some systems even lend themselves to a dual role as a national
   >interceptions network.
   > For example the message switching system used on digital    >exchanges like System X in the UK supports an Integrated
   >Services Digital Network (ISDN) Protocol. This allows digital
   >devices, e.g. fax to share the system with existing lines. The ISDN
   >subset is defined in their documents as "Signalling CCITT1-series
   >interface for ISDN access". I think this means I series - which are all public docs...
   >What is not widely known is that built in to the international CCITT    >protocol is the ability to take phones 'off hook' Yes - ok.  If you have a delinquent ISDN switch AND the totalitarian
state wants to bug you AND YOU choose to use a handset which DOES NOT break the analogue path between the microphone and the ISDN NTU / TA (all standard analogue phones break the circuit, AFAIK.  It's only the speakerphone gadgets that could be subverted.) Then I suppose this is possible.  But who gives a s**t about the .1% of vulnerable phones. And it would be dead easy to mod them to defeat any such attempt.  There are loads of easier ways to mount covert surveillance than screwing up the phone system!
   >and listen into conversations occurring near the phone,
   >without the user being aware that it is happening."
ISDN is NOT a 'message switching protocol', and there is none as such on Sys X and Y, which use SS7 for inter-switch signalling anyway.  The ISDN interfaces and service are only defined for the ends of various types of subscriber line, as far as I remember.  What happens inside the provider
network is up to the provider and is not ISDN.
I'm much more concerned about the Echelon system which was (finally)
reported in the Sunday Telegraph just before Xmas.  This system, it is
alleged, can intercept and look for keywords in ALL international comms
traffic.  I believe this also gets a mention in the Europarliament report.
Vote early and often for freely available strong encryption!!
(whatever JR mutters about 'doing him out of his livelihood' :=)  )
Key escrow is another example of complete bollocks, IMHO.

@_date: 1998-01-31 10:09:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Why This List Is A Security Risk 
Setting policy on national security risk for the entire USG, the DoD proclaims a trustworthy person does not engage in the following:
Sec. 147.14  Guideline L--Outside activities.
    (a) The concern. Involvement in certain types of outside employment
or activities is of security concern if it poses a conflict with an
individual's security responsibilities and could create an increased risk of
unauthorized disclosure of classified information.
    (b) Conditions that could raise a security concern and may be
disqualifying include any service, whether compensated, volunteer, or
employment with:     (1) A foreign country;
    (2) Any foreign national;
    (3) A representative of any foreign interest;
    (4) Any foreign, domestic, or international organization or person
engaged in analysis, discussion, or publication of material on
intelligence, defense, foreign affairs, or protected technology.

@_date: 1998-07-02 04:26:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IE Frees Crypto 
Source: Thanks to IB
The Guardian Online, Microfile, July 2, 1998
ANNOUNCING the most liberal national policy yet on
the encoding of data sent over the Internet, the Irish government last week showed it has every intention of being an international centre for electronic commerce. Ireland listened to its many resident technology companies, rather than bowing to pressure from the US, which wants access to encrypted messages. Ireland places no
restrictions on the use, import or export of encryption
products. Individuals can choose to offer a plain text version of the encrypted document or hand over a key, if a search warrant is proffered. The document was released to coincide with the Irish visit of President Clintons Internet tsar, senior trade advisor Ira Magaziner, who hinted that his views on encryption diverge from those of his boss. "Within the next year, therell be such an availability of high-level encryption that the market will take over," he said.
Leads on getting this paper would be appreciated.

@_date: 1998-07-02 15:29:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Code Wizard Frank Rowlett Dies 
Frank Rowlett, a founder of NSA's National Cryptologic School,
has died at 90. The New York Times has an obituary on the
"code wizard" today:
   Rowlett was one of three earliest recruits of William Friedman,
head of the the US Army Signal Intelligence Service, a 1930s forerunner of NSA's "massive cryptologic system today" (Kahn). After a long career in Army cryptology Rowlett served with the CIA and was special assistant to the DIRNSA at the end of his service in the 1960s.
He is credited with helping to break the Japanese RED and PURPLE codes, efforts unlerlying the Allies World War II MAGIC cryptanalysis system.
He was also an inventor, following work of others, of the
SIGABA machine, the US Army's version of Hebern's cipher device, and  held other cryptologic patents.
David Kahn has tart remarks in The Codebreakers about how Friedman, and to a lesser extent, Rowlett, got national awards for work done by others, through "well-situated
friends, picayune mechanical differences, and a great but
totally irrelevant record." (page 392)

@_date: 1998-07-03 08:02:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI Tesla Files 
Maybe you know that the FBI offers about 256 pages of
docouments related to Nikola Tesla on its FOIA Web site:
   HTTP://
They are in two large PDF files of 4.8MB and 5.8MB.
In case you've not seen them here's a brief:
None of the papers are by Tesla himself, and most
relate to various inquiries about Tesla's "missing papers,"
based on O'Neil's book claim that the FBI confiscated Tesla's papers and effects shortly after his death. The FBI claims that it was the Alien Property Office which had Tesla's effects and that the FBI had not been involved.
Several focus on Tesla's famous "Death Ray" of the 1940s,
with requests for access to the scientific papers on it, or
warn of its possible use by foreign enemies. To most the
FBI sends a standard disavowal.
However, one is of interest: a Feb 1981 inquiry by the Defense Department which stated in a then-classified "(C) We believe that certain of Tesla's papers may contain
basic principles which would be of considerable value to
ongoing research within the DoD."
The FBI answers that it never had Tesla's papers but reports that a review of those at the Alien Property Office by an MIT scientific team found that none of the papers contained significant scientific information of national
security interest. Yet, the FBI goes on, the Alien Property Office told the FBI in the 1950s that in the only recorded visit to the Tesla archive in January 1943 (shortly after
Tesla's death) an unidentified "Federal authority" microfilmed numerous papers, film whose whereabouts
the FBI knows nothing.
There's a bit more about electronic research at Wright Paterson AFB. And a DoD thank you letter on behalf of Dr. S. L. Zeiburg, Deputy Undersecretary
(Strategic and Space Systems).
A once-secret 1983 series investigated a claim that Margaret Cheney's biography of Tesla, "Tesla: Man Out of Time,"  points to national security threats based on allegations of Soviet development of his experiments using papers possibly obtained through his nephew, Sava Kosanovic, a high Yugoslav official. Many pages of Cheney's book marked at threatening passages on the "missing papers" are in the file.

@_date: 1998-07-06 07:40:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT Hits GAK, Boosts GAKS 
The New York Times, July 6, 1998, p. A10.
   Editorial
   Privacy in the Digital Age
   As more and more Americans communicate and do business
   electronically, the fear is spreading that information they
   transmit can be seized by hackers or criminals and used for
   illegal or unsavory purposes. Fortunately, the technology
   to thwart such invasions already exists. It is called
   encryption, or the encoding of digital information to
   secure its privacy. But the Federal Bureau of Investigation
   is trying hard to prevent the growing use of encryption,
   both in the United States and abroad, because of fears that
   the protective technology itself will get into the wrong
   hands. That shortsighted stand will undermine efforts to
   protect commercial transactions and may actually hamper law
   enforcement rather than help it.
   The Clinton Administration's current policies toward
   encryption have been largely dictated by the F.B.I. and the
   Justice Department. These two agencies now block encryption
   makers from exporting their most advanced technology unless
   they agree to develop a method allowing law enforcement
   agencies to gain access to it. The method favored by the
   F.B.I. is known as the key escrow, in which the key to
   cracking a code is kept with a third party that could hand
   it over quickly if law enforcement agencies demanded it.
   But the key escrow method poses tremendous threats to
   privacy. There is a danger that access to keys for the code
   could be abused by law enforcement agencies and others.
   Worse, the United States would be required to share key
   escrow information with law enforcement agencies of other
   countries, and giving access to private communications to
   countries with poor human rights records could lead to
   crackdowns on dissidents using encryption for their own
   communications.
   According to industry officials, the export controls are
   already backfiring. More and more foreign companies are
   supplying encryption technologies without key escrow
   arrangements, making it virtually impossible for the F.B.I.
   to eavesdrop and stealing business from American firms. The
   growing foreign role diminishes the ability of the F.B.I.
   to demand new safeguards or ways to penetrate the
   communications of criminals who use encryption.
   President Clinton might normally be more sympathetic to
   concerns over maintaining privacy in the digital world. But
   since Attorney General Janet Reno has protected Mr. Clinton
   from an independent counsel on campaign finance, the White
   House is said to be loath to oppose either her or Louis
   Freeh, the F.B.I. Director, on this issue.
   On Capitol Hill, the debate over encryption has created
   some unusual political alliances. Many conservative
   Republicans have stood with leaders of the high-tech
   industry to oppose any kind of ban on encryption within the
   United States and to support a loosening of export controls
   on encryption technology. It has been odd to see Trent
   Lott, the Senate majority leader, and Dick Armey, the House
   majority leader, stand with civil libertarians against the
   demands of the F.B.I. But the F.B.I. is not without
   influence. House Speaker Newt Gingrich, more friendly to
   the agency, has prevented a bill encouraging greater use of
   encryption from coming to a vote in the House.
   The concerns of law enforcement agencies are legitimate.
   But smart criminals are already using encryption, some of
   which is readily available on the Internet. That was the
   message conveyed only a few weeks ago by such unlikely
   allies as Bill Gates of Microsoft and Jim Barksdale of
   Netscape, who are on opposite sides in the Justice
   Department's antitrust lawsuit against Microsoft but agree
   on this issue.
   The F.B.I. should give up its losing fight against
   encryption and work with industry to develop new means to
   catch criminals who use it. One approach under discussion
   would be to develop software technology that could be
   surreptitiously placed in a suspect's computer to capture
   keystrokes before they are encrypted. Any such operation
   would have to be carried out under strict court control as
   the electronic equivalent of a search warrant. But law
   enforcement agencies have to find a legal and ethical way
   to stay ahead of technology, rather than stand in the way
   of it. Trying to block advances in the digital age is
   futile.
   [End]

@_date: 1998-07-06 07:50:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Gov Access to Key Strokes 
Would any of the members of the NAS CRISIS panel know if keystroke surveillance one of the technologies proposed
for the FBI as an alternative to GAK? Could this technology to be covertly placed in all keyboards for activation say, by remote control, or via a program/device on the Internet?
Recall the various proposals for putting hardware encryption in keyboards, with the possibility of covert GAK.

@_date: 1998-07-06 12:08:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: fwd from spyking@thecodex.com 
Answering Spyking's questions Ray posted in reverse:
The Bronx incident started off as a major CB case,
with barricades and plastic suits galore, in accord
with the push for scare the beans out of the public
with imaginary terrorism (another WMD terrorism trial is due to start in NYC shortly).
It turns out that what was found were a couple of take-home, mildly radioactive elements (properly contained and marked) of a recently deceased employee of a plant that used them.  The story died quickly. NYT covered it twice, once hot,
once tepid.
Second, what's driving the nationwide push to train First
Responders and emergency room staff is Clinton's
funding the program with billions, after he read
Richard Preston's recent novel on biological
terrorism (so said news reports), and got a few heart-thumping briefings from if you only knew Right now preparing for domestic defense against
Weapons of Mass Destruction is the hottest
career-jumpstart in the nation, and there's a frenzy of
competition passing as cooperation among the military, National Guards, intel, FBI, FEMA, state and local cops, EMS, sawbones, Red Cross,
CB weapons experts (US and RU), mercenaries, manufacturers, vets and revolving doorers of all the above, and, to be sure, the never-fake-it media goading and exaggerating (our straight-shooting members here excepted, well, except Y2Kites).
Like many state and local officials relishing the vital
national security role being porked to domestic forces,
neatly bypassing the military's limitations, NYC's mayor is happy as a pig in shit with his plan for a new $16m
anti-terrorist bunker on the 23rd floor of a buddy's office building across the street from the World Trade Center -- one RPG shot from the  23rd WTC into his impenetrable C4I nest. Rudy loves to watch "Patton" clad only in a Kevlar jockstrap.
Of course, he's a "former federal prosecutor," the most
common subtitle on TV of disembodied talking heads.

@_date: 1998-07-06 17:34:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Gov Secrecy Reform Act of 1998 
We've transcribed a fax of Senator Thompson's
Amendment as Substitute for S.712, "Government
Secrecy Reform Act of 1998," passed by the
Governmental Affairs Committee on June 17:
     (37K)
Here's a report on the amendment and vote:
NCC Washington Update, vol. 4,  July 1, 1998
[National Coordinating Committee for the Promotion of History]
Senate Committee Adopts Substitute Bill for
Moynihan's Government Secrecy Reform Act
Senate Committee Adopts Substitute Bill for Moynihan's Government
Secrecy Reform Act -- On June 17 the Senate Governmental Affairs Committee
met to consider a substitute bill for S.712, the Government Secrecy Reform
Act of 1998.  By voice vote, with no negative votes heard, the Committee
passed the substitute bill proposed by Senator Fred Thompson (R-TENN), the
chair of the Committee, and Senator Susan Collins (R-ME).  The original
bill had provided a framework for reform but had lacked the specifics
which this bill provides.
The substitute bill make four major changes from the bill that was
originally introduced.  First, this bill eliminates the section calling
for the establishment of a National Declassification Center in an existing
agency -- which many had thought could be the National Archives -- and
instead expands the functions and oversight responsibilities of the
existing Information Security Oversight Office (ISOO) and moves that
office from the National Archives to the Executive Office of the
President.  Second, the bill states that classified information must be
declassified after 25 years unless, as the bill summary states,
"extraordinary circumstances" require that it remain classified.  The
original bill had a 30 year time limit for most information to remain
classified.  Third, the substitute bill retains the balancing test of the
original bill; however, the revised bill establishes criteria to guide
agency classification decisions for weighing the concerns of national
security and the public interest in disclosure.  The national security
criteria are taken directly from President Clinton's E.O 12958 and the
public interest criteria are newly developed for the substitute bill.
Fourth, the substitute bill establishes a Classification and
Declassification Review Board composed of 5 public members to hear agency
and individual appeals regarding classification and declassification
Once the report for the amended S. 712 is filed, which is expected to
happen in mid-July, then the substitute bill will be referred to the
Senate Select Committee on Intelligence for 30 days for their
consideration.  It is anticipated that the Intelligence Committee may hold
hearings and may have objections to the balancing test provision of the
bill.  Since there appears to be little attention in the House to this
legislation and since there are not many legislative days remaining before
adjournment, it is doubtful that this legislation will pass in the 105th

@_date: 1998-07-07 08:17:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US to Ease Crypto Export 
7 July 1998 Thanks to FT
U.S. to Ease Limits on Export of Data-Scrambling Technology
By Elizabeth Corcoran
Washington Post Staff Writer
Tuesday, July 7, 1998; Page E04 Commerce Secretary William Daley plans to announce today
that the government will give U.S. software companies new
freedom to export their most sophisticated data-scrambling
technology to financial institutions chartered in 45 countries,
according to Clinton administration sources.
Under the new rules, which officials said are likely to take
effect in late summer, eligible banks, securities firms,
brokerage houses and credit-card companies will need to
receive approval only once from the Commerce Department
before they can license the most sophisticated "encryption," or
data-scrambling, technology.
Once they receive approval, those institutions will be
permitted to share the technology with any of their branch
offices, except for those located in terrorist states.
Government sources estimate that the new rules will include
about 70 percent of the world's banks, including the 100
largest (ranked by assets).
For years, the government has closely regulated export of
encryption software, on the grounds that terrorists or hostile
governments might use it to cloak their communications. The
software industry argues that the rules are unworkable and
unfairly block foreign sales. Unfriendly parties wanting to use
encryption already can obtain it overseas, industry executives
The new rules on banks are "a move in the right direction,"
said one industry executive familiar with the regulations. "But
we're still leaving some groups out. Basically, we need to keep
spreading the circle wider," to include the growing number of
businesses offering financial services, such as insurance
"What we've heard sounds great," said Kawika Daguio, a
lobbyist for the American Bankers Association. "We've been
arguing [for several years] that the regulatory structure we
have guarantees we're good citizens" who wouldn't make illicit
use of the technology, he said.
Now the government appears to have agreed.
Current regulations require that U.S. companies apply for
permits before exporting anything but the simplest versions of
encryption products. To export more sophisticated
technology, organizations must have a plan for creating
so-called "spare keys." That way, law enforcement officials
who have obtained a court order would be able to unlock the
In May 1997, the Commerce Department said it would not
restrict the sophistication of the data-encryption technology
sold to financial institutions. But it required spare keys and
case-by-case licensing. Approvals have been slow. Now the
government is doing away with the key requirement, defining
more precisely which financial institutions qualify and pledging
to end case-by-case approval.
Because of concerns about money laundering, the government
will grant the new permission only to financial institutions
chartered in countries that have agreed to take steps against
money-laundering. If U.S. companies want to sell to financial
institutions chartered in other countries, they will have to
apply for licenses from the Commerce Department.
Such provisions still fall short of the demands of U.S.
companies. "To take a piecemeal approach [to loosening
encryption restrictions] is the wrong direction," said Ed
Gillespie, executive director of Americans for Computer
Privacy, a lobbying group. "We need a blanket lifting of
restrictions with individual prohibitions," such as bans on
sending such technology to terrorist states, he said.
In a related development, a federal court in Ohio ruled on
Friday that posting the text of an encryption program on the
Internet, where people all over the world could see it, was not
protected by the constitutional right to free speech.
The ruling, made late Friday, contradicts a ruling made by a
California district court last August. Privacy advocates predict
that the issue will be taken up by the U.S. Supreme Court.  Copyright 1998 The Washington Post Company

@_date: 1998-07-07 14:04:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US to Ease Crypto Export 
There's a bit more on this from the Dept of Commerce.
A press release that outlines the new policy and
lists the 45 select countries:
   Secretary Daley's speech today on broad export policy that touches on the crypto relaxation:
   BXA Under Secretary Reinsch's speech today:
   The specific guidelines for easing of controls have not
yet been issued, as far as we can learn.
The Junger decision is being scanned, later this evening
Peter will announce it.

@_date: 1998-07-08 05:37:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Initial summary/analysis: Junger v. Daley 
Thanks to Greg for the excellent summary and analysis.
Responses by Peter Junger and his attorneys, those
involved with Bernstein and Karn, and others on the
technical and legal interpretation would be welcome.
On the interplay among the three cases: We have heard that there was meeting in DC of the three teams with the US side. And that there may have been a report on this meeting at the recent DC security conference. Is there a public report available?
Note: Greg meant to quote Judge Gwin on source code: "all but *un*intelligible to most people."
The contrast between Patel and Gwin remind of the
campaign of Wassenaar members to claim relaxation
of crypto controls while not truly doing so, as in the
recent Irish and US press release deceptions. More
are expected as the US trade and crypto czars make
their global rounds to arrange overt-covert deals for
marketing munitions. The complicity of the banks and giant corps is not surprising with their legacy of doing just that -- as one defense expert says, expect ex-gov crypto watchdogs to aid the market titans to lure government buyers while peddling cheap knockoffs
to voters.
Amazing that the NYT sent up that trial balloon for
government access to key strokes in lieu of GAK.
Who's pushing that, working on the technology?

@_date: 1998-07-08 08:10:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Junger Press Release 
Software Publishers Are Not Protected by the First Amendment
   ----------------------------------------------------------------
To be added to, or removed from, the list of those who were sent this
press release, please send e-mail to .
     _________________________________________________________________
Cleveland, Ohio, July 8 -- On July 3, 1998 Judge Gwin of the United States District Court of the
Northern District of Ohio held that computer programs are not writings
protected by the constitution because they are ``inherently
functional'' and granted summary judgment dismissing a suit
challenging regulations that forbid the publication of encryption
programs on the Internet or the World Wide Web.
The suit was brought by Peter Junger, a law professor at Case Western
Reserve University in Cleveland, to enjoin the enforcement of export
regulations on encryption software that prevent him from publishing
his class materials and articles for his course in Computing and the
Law on the Internet because they contain some encryption programs.  Junger claimed in his suit that those encryption programs were
writings that were entitled to the full protection of the First
Amendment.  ``Of course they are writings,'' Junger says, ``I know
because I wrote some of them.  And I need to be able to publish them
if I am ever going to be able to explain to lawyers and law students
how computers work and how the law should be applied to computing.''
The government, on the other hand, argued that its export regulations,
which require that one obtain a license from the Commerce Department
before publishing materials containing encryption software on the
Internet or the World Wide Web, seek only to restrict the distribution
of encryption software itself, not ideas on encryption.  And Judge
Gwin agreed with the government, finding that: ``the Export
Regulations are constitutional because encryption source code is
inherently functional, because the Export Regulations are not directed
at source code's expressive elements, and because the Export
Regulations do not reach academic discussions of software, or software
in print form.''
In a related case in California brought by mathematics professor
Daniel Bernstein, Federal District Court Judge Patel held that
computer programs are speech that is protected by the First Amendment,
but Judge Gwin rejected that argument, saying: ``The Bernstein court's
assertion that `language equals protected speech' is unsound. `Speech'
is not protected simply because we write it in a language.''  It is
Judge Gwin's position that computer source code is a purely functional
device: ``The court in Bernstein misunderstood the significance of
source code's functionality. Source code is `purely functional,' in a
way that the Bernstein Court's examples of instructions, manuals, and
recipes are not.  Unlike instructions, a manual, or a recipe, source
code actually performs the function it describes. While a recipe
provides instructions to a cook, source code is a device, like
embedded circuitry in a telephone, that actually does the function of
There is thus a clear split between the two courts: Judge Patel
holding that computer software is protected by the First Amendment and
Judge Gwin holding that it isn't.  The Bernstein case is on appeal and
Professor Junger says that he intends to appeal Judge Gwin's decision:
``We have had almost no financial support for this case, but the issue
of whether encryption software and software in general is protected
like other writings under the First Amendment, or whether it is to be
treated as a special exception like obscenity and fighting words as Judge
Gwin held, is so important that we will have to scrape up the
resources somehow to bring an appeal.''
Judge Gwin's opinion is now available at and is mirrored at .

@_date: 1998-07-08 11:03:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Covert Access to Data and ID 
Froward From: Anonymous
Good afternoon gentlemen,
I've been reading the correspondence on the possibility of govt
keystroke access with some interest. I'm in a slightly odd position as
I'm responsible for security in one of the larger wintel companies. As
such I've been getting quite a feeling of deja vu reading your mails.
Intel and others are moving in exactly this direction with a number of
initiatives, most notably the PC98, PCXX, and "Wired For Management".
WfM in particular is very scary - one of the components is a facility
for PC's to download and run digitally signed software before the OS is
booted - between "the end of BIOS initialisation and when control is
transferred to a high-level OS" in the words of one Intel document. The
code is verified by routines embedded in the BIOS and will allegedly use
some subset of X.509v3 and PKCS
As so often happens in circumstances like this I can't risk passing
documents directly as I can't be sure of their provenance - I really
have no idea which ones are now considered trade secrets and which have
been made public. Instead I recommend you have a look at the Intel WfM
site  with particular reference to the
"Pre-Boot Execution Environment" (PXE) and "System Management BIOS"
(SMBIOS). The Microsoft pc98 site is at
    and the Intel one at
   And, DM reminds of the DIRT program Ray Arachelian first posted
There's an article on page 37 of the July 6, 1998 issue of
NetworkWorld about a new software product for Windows machines
that is basically a trojan horse that allows access to all
keystrokes and files on a system from a remote "America's
Most Wanted"-type HQ.  I can't find the article online
at  but you can go the the company's
site at     to see it.  Sale of DIRT is "restricted to military, government, and law
enforcement agencies", the article says.

@_date: 1998-07-08 12:07:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Message 
Forwarded from a long-time cpunk who received a call from Jim Bell yesterday. Jim asked that this message be By this post he is publically accusing the Federal Government of having spied on him from two physical addresses.  These are two houses to the North & to the East of his parent's house.  The government moved in within 6 months (approx) of the time before his arrest.
One of the addresses is 7217 Mississippi, which is listed as "Billy King", who died a couple of years ago.  The  house is ostensibly being occupied by his widow (or that is the
impression).  It is listed as being as owned by Alverna King, but he has his doubts.
The other is address is 7302 Corregidor, purchased about 2.5 - 3 years ago by someone. Listed as being the address of Sundown Development, a small business company.  A second floor was added soon after it was acquired by the company.  They aren't listed as the owners on record, but they are listed as being at that address.  Thinks this is a sham.
The govmt was basically next door spying on him for at least a year, before it started provoking him.  In response to his using the internet for freewheeling debate, they engaged in some bugging that is illegal under Washington State law.  It is illegal to use bugging without the knowledge of the participants.
He has developed a technique for identifying when someone is tailing him.  Found this on Father's day when some people got a little too close to him.  He drove to his Sister's party on Hayden Island in Oregon, and noticed the tails.  Identified them as Rixen Marine, which he thinks is a sham, another front organization.  One of the reasons he was arrested (though they're not willing to admit it) is because was way too successful in tailing _them_.  A few more days and he would have blown their entire operation.
He couldn't go into the details of how he found out these things. Did research & sophisticated observation. Will be getting friends to do searches in databases, etc. to gather more info to substantiate his suspicions.
He said his recent arrest was on a probation violation charge - failure to pay a fine or something, wasn't clear on the specifics.  There will be a hearing on his case this Friday the 10th.
Prosecutors last year didn't know what the govmt was up to - not told of the spying (a "black operation").  Their method of spying on him are techniques which are possible, though rarely used.  If people knew they would be very surprised.  It will be a big story - big as Watergate - when it comes out.  Their usage of these high-tech methods for access is difficult, so not used often.    The government is trying to cover up their reaction to what he wrote in his essays.

@_date: 1998-07-08 12:12:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Covert Access to Data and ID 
Dave Emery's remarks on government access to
keystrokes (proposed by the NYT as an alternative
to GAK) points to the probable increase of intrusive
devices to counter increasing use of encryption
and other privacy and anonymity measures.
This topic comes up here now and then, with
mentions of a slew of methods to protect privacy of data during transmission or storage. But the possibility
of logging the initial creation or manipulation of data is
not as often discussed, nor how to tie a person to
the data, as now being asked in legal and law
enforcement fora to identify, catch, convict and
jail computer culprits.
That the NYT floated the idea surely means someone
is testing public response to an idea that seems to
be more intrusive than GAK: the logging of initial
data and any manipulation of it, prior to encrypting,
and maybe including a means to link the actions to
the user.
If this is logging (and related retrieval) is done covertly, encryption could thereby become a falsely reassuring cloak of privacy.
Dave thinks devices like these are surely in the works,
and he can say more about their sponsors, technologies and implementations.
One driving force, as he previously noted, is the desire
for devices to assure copyright protection, backed by the WIPO treaty, which now being considered for approval. See the House report on it at:
     (141K)
And the EFF and ACLU opposition to it:
   hr2281-opp.htm
Other forces, though, are employers who want to snoop,
law enforcement, government, marketers, actually the
same groups who dislike privacy protection measures,
but often prefer to snoop covertly while loudly proclaiming
support for privacy.
Thus, the more general question Dave has raised is how
widespread is the development and implementation of
technolgies for covert surveillance on the Web and in desktop boxes -- happily spreading quietly while attention is focussed on the very encryption which it will circumvent?
And what are these devices, or what might they be, what might be countermeasures and who might be working for and against them. SDA must have insights to share.
Over to Dave Emery and those more knowledgeable. For those who missed his earlier message we've put it, with a follow-up at:

@_date: 1998-07-08 17:37:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DoD Plans Global Domestic Invasion 
DoD released today the text of a June 11 speech which
describes how the military is planning for the first time
in US history to establish a homeland defense command,
to operate inside US borders for protection against terrorism
and weapons of mass destruction:
   A special unit will handle cyber threats.
The CINC-US will be a vast increase over the traditional
role of domestic law enforcement by FBI, ATF and other
federal, state and local authorities, lately supplemented
by the National Guard, FEMA, PCCIP, and the newly
formed COIA at Commerce and the President's special office on domestic terrorism.
Deputy Secretary of Defense Hamre said the command
will work with the newly formed Defense Threat Reduction
Agency (DTRA) which will be under C4I of DoD.
Another press release today covered Hamre's June 22 speech in Vienna where he outlined similar measures for European defense through NATO:
   Finally, the Wash Post had a report today on DoD's
attempt to come up with workable plans for offensive
cyberwar -- which is claimed to be the serious first serious competitor for the nuclear threat in fifty years:
   It says that a component of cyberwar offense is regular prowling
of other countries networks and military command systems for the purpose of "pre-planning the battlefield."
That this is the way DoD justifies ignoring the limitations of intel agencies' need to get presidential approval for invading the borders of other countries. "Cyberspace is borderless," says the Pentagon.
Many covert prowling, surveilling and crashing tools
are in operation or poised to take down systems like those
of the nuclear command and control systems of Pakistan and India should the need arise. One guy
brags that any one of a dozen experts in the US "could take out a country in six hours" by disrupting
cyber infrastructure, and that might be looming for
the US.
Is it true infowar, or is it whistling in the dark psy war:
"my megaherz-death bombers are sneakier than yours"?
So, it appears that key stroke logging and MS/Intel's vicious "wired for management" are kidstuff cheapskate knockoffs of
far worse invasive technology pouring dollars into Wintel
labs and fabs.

@_date: 1998-07-08 18:19:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DoD Plans Global Domestic Invasion 
To not accuse only follow-the-leaders Wintel, that last paragraph should have been:
So, it appears that key stroke logging and MS/Intel's vicious "wired for management" are kidstuff cheapskate knockoffs of
far worse invasive technology pouring dollars into much
DIRTier than Wintel labs and fabs.

@_date: 1998-07-09 15:52:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bye Homeland Liberty 
Note the single mention of cyber warfare, hooked to chemical and biological dangers.
Remarks by Deputy Secretary of Defense John J. Hamre
Commemorating the 200th Anniversary of the Recall of George Washington to Active Duty
Mount Vernon, Virginia
Saturday, July 4, 1998
Two hundred years ago, Washington was called back to service to prepare America's defenses.  Today, the American homeland faces a new and different danger.  The threat is not from overt invasion, but from the sinister dangers of chemical, biological and cyber warfare.  Chemical and biological weapons are a poor man's atomic bomb.  They are easier to build, to hide, and to deliver to their targets.  They are especially appealing to small terrorist cells and known individuals who can not challenge American military superiority on the battlefield.
As in Washington's time, America is not yet fully prepared for this new challenge. We too must organize, plan, and act anew. We too must recognize that complacency and delay is dangerous. President Clinton and Secretary of Defense Cohen have made preparing the American homeland against chemical and biological weapons a top priority.  The continental United States has not confronted a direct threat to its territory in this century precisely because we have confronted threats before they touched our shores.  But this is a new era, where adversaries can bring their fight to our doorstep.  National security now must assume a new dimension.
The Department of Defense and the intelligence community must work hand in hand with law enforcement to deal with this far-reaching threat.  We are taking steps to improve our knowledge of hostile elements and their plans.  We are reorganizing the Defense Department to integrate our approach to counter-proliferation of these terrible new weapons, and we are launching new programs to help local emergency response forces to mitigate the effects of chemical and biological attack.
Shortly, we will commemorate this day by planting a new tree, adding to Washington's beloved "shades of Mount Vernon."  We place it here as a mark of gratitude to a leader who accepted the burdens of public service to defend our young republic.  We also place it here to mark our commitment to ensure future generations will live in peace and security.  One hundred years from now we will not be here, but I hope Americans will gather under this tree to celebrate the 300th anniversary of Washington's act of patriotic sacrifice.  And I hope they will also say, of us, that we too left a measure of our day and, by our deeds, we too preserved the safety of this sweet land of liberty.
Thank you all for coming today.

@_date: 1998-07-12 08:38:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DirFBI: Danger of Encryption 
The New York Times, July 12, 1998:
Danger of Encryption
To the Editor:
Re "Privacy in the Digital Age" (editorial, July 6): No law enforcement agency is "trying hard to prevent the growing use of encryption." But encryption represents a serious public safety concern. We are open to any solution that recognizes that it is the ability to collect electronic evidence that has allowed us to prevent airliners from being bombed and to put major drug dealers behind bars.
Key escrow is one possible solution. There are others, and certainly a statutory scheme can be devised that will all but eliminate any risk of abuse by law enforcement. But if we do not allow for court-ordered access, for the first time in the history of this country a court order for seizure of evidence will be an absolute nullity.
We want to work with industry on a real solution, recognizing that those who acquire encryption over the Internet or from abroad naively make assumptions about the security it affords. We are not fighting encryption, but we know what will happen if technology cannot be made to work for law enforcement as it works for criminals and terrorists.    Louis J. FREEH
Dir., Federal Bureau of Investigation
Washington, July 10,1998

@_date: 1998-07-13 08:53:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Home/Officeland Defense 
Thanks to DT
The Defense Department plans to create a new military organization to spearhead DOD's effort to protect the nation's critical computer systems against information warfare attacks, marking the first time DOD has taken responsibility for protecting infrastructure within
the United States. ...
The Pentagon also is considering the formation of a reserve cadre of "cyberdefense warriors," who would have hands-on responsibility for protecting the nation's sensitive information networks and systems from information warfare attacks. According to an industry source familiar with the project, about 300 Ph.D.-carrying reservists would work from home computers that would be tied into high-speed communications links. DOD has budgeted $10 million to jump-start the effort, the source said. ...

@_date: 1998-07-14 05:06:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Request 
A forwarded message from Jim Bell:
Jim is requesting that cpunks try to get the Oregon newspaper to write up another story on his case.
John Branton is the "crime reporter" for the Columbian newspaper (editors at columbian.com). Jim asks that people send Branton a note saying they would like to see a story on the issue of Jim's being spied on.  This reporter already knows what the allegations are, but Jim wants
to prod him into covering his story, because he thinks it's important enough for the public to know about it.
Jim also would like any reporters on the list who are interested in talking to him, to send him their phone number and he will give them a call.
BTW, the next hearing date is set for the 7/30/98.  In the meantime, he's hanging around shooting pool, reading magazines, etc.
[End Jim message]
Jim's address:
    James Bell     Federal Detention Center
    P.O. Box 68976
    Seattle WA 98168
Latest court docket entries:
6/30/98  50  MINUTE ORDER by Judge Franklin D. Burgess  that the
             Probation Revocation hrg is rescheduled to 1:30 p.m. on
             7/10/98 for James Dalton Bell (cc: counsel, Judge) (car)
             [Entry date 06/30/98]
7/8/98   --  PROPOSED Supplemental Violations (car) [Entry date 07/08/98]
7/10/98  51  PROBATION PETITION/ORDER by Judge Franklin D. Burgess as to
             James Dalton Bell re: Supplemental Violations  (cc:
             counsel, Judge, USPO) (car) [Entry date 07/10/98]
[END OF DOCKET: 3:97cr5270-0]
Documents on Jim Bell:

@_date: 1998-07-14 14:18:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA on Sat Crypto Device 
This is a DoD fax of an NSA-brief on the Chinese satellite crypto device.
It was prepared for July 8 testimony by DoD's Franklin Miller before the Senate Subcommittee on International Security, Proliferation and Federal Affairs. Miller's testimony was cancelled but DoD has provided the one-
page brief to the media upon request.
JUL-14-1998 12:51   DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PA       703 697 3501 p.02
                                                          JUL 8 1998
Question: What happened to the encryption device that was aboard the
failed INTELSAT launch in 1996?
Answer: The U.S. personnnel present searched the site for two days after the launch failure. Despite extremely hazardous conditions that made recovery very difficult, the U.S. personnel believed that they recovered all recoverable U.S. parts and components that survived the launch No identifiable parts or components associated with the Telemetry Tracking and Control Encryption devices [TT&C], and the circuit board on which it was mounted, were recovered. We have been advised by Loral that the devices were embedded on a tray mounted within the Command Processor Box  of the satellite. lf this is the case, it is highly unlikely that the devices survived the crash because of the crash impact and high temperatures produced by the burning rocket propellants. According to Loral, the Command Processor Box was located adjacent to the propellant tanks and U.S. personnel at the site recovered only 30% of the box.
The COMSEC circuit board consisted of a printed wiring board and forty
plus, off-the-shelf and semi-custom discrete small sca]e integrated circuit chips. The COMSEC board is somewhat large and relatively fragile (about 6x10 inches), with interconnecting "tracks" on the board which interconnect the many logic devices into the COMSEC algorithm. As such a whole circuit board, its whole composite set of pieces, and the whole set of logic chips need to be recovered to succeed in reengineering the design of the device. If Loral's assessment of the physical implementation of the two COMSEC devices aboard INTELSAT 708 and the extent of damage to the command processor from the crash, impact and fire are correct, NSA and DTSA believe that it is highly unlikely that these items could have been recovered in sufficient detail to reverse In the unlikely event that the Chinese were able to recover all the items fully intact, it is important to note that the encryption board involved many embedded devices. Any loss of the chips and associated encryption algorithm would have have only minimal impact on national security because the INTELSAT 708 satellite was uniquely keyed.
[End fax]

@_date: 1998-07-15 14:41:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT Crypto OpEd 
The NYT has a fairly good OpEd on encryption today,
written by a novelist, who makes a good case for the citizen's need for the privacy protection, now that
there are a zillion ways computers pry into private
   For those outside the US: NYT today began its free worldwide online service, so the whole world can log on to its prying computers. (Non-USes heretofore had to pay for privacy loss.) It claims to have 4 million daily online consumers and is happy to run an advertiser drivern operation to suck in millions more around the Take note, Slate.

@_date: 1998-07-16 13:47:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Senate Talks Crypto Law 
Thanks to Greg Garcia, ACP:
"Congress Needs to Act on Encryption Legislation,"
In July 15 Congressional Record.
An encryption colloquy among Senators Lott, Leahy, Craig,
Burns, Ashcroft, Abraham, and Shelby:
   Private doorbell is gummed.

@_date: 1998-07-18 04:41:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Scanning the DES Cracker 
"Cracking DES" has been published only in print because    US export controls on encryption make it a crime to
   publish such information on the Internet, but the book is    designed to be easy to scan into computers.
John Gilmore has written that he is unable to provide
the digitized text of the book sitting on his desk due to
export controls, and that Chapter 4 of the book explains
what EFF expects to happen. EFF will link to an offshore URL as soon as the volume has been scanned and
We'll commence scanning the book as soon as it arrives
here next week and will provide the exportable parts to those working on the US-forbidden.

@_date: 1998-07-19 07:44:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: `Vulis terminator' full of crap (Re: net.cop revs up again) 
This is fact, not the media kind: I've tried to reach Dimitri
by phone a few times since Termination, indeed Mr. T.
helped me find a working number (forwarded to his own). A lady sounding like Guy there took my name, number and request for DM to call. But he hasn't. He just keeps posting
as Guy, as Tim, as Nuri, muliple Adams, Johns, Jims, Peters,
anons, and  so on, each of the imposters posing as others.
Remember this fact, Tim/Dimitri were in cahoots to nuke the legacy toaderpunks from day one, pretending to be halves
of evil twins. (Note the overlapping name spelling.)
Still, shifting back to media, the five of us in Manhattan --
Perry, Dimitri, Guy, Duncan (Ray's in Brooklyn -- hundreds more don't openly affinity) hate each other's guts with infinite passion as is the duty of citizens competing for dole here, especially since 20 millions of us are on the dole, thank you Mr. Roosevelt for legalizing taxing/extoriting/wall streeting
the rest of the globe beyond the Hudson and Fire Island, from itzy-ritzy bankers to scum of the media sapoid. Primarily, though, our full-time role is to hide from each other and the vengeful planet, have our machines say things like, speak to my agent, my lawyer, my mate, then flip a switch
to the voice of the referent saying things like, he's not in, he's traveling, he's away, his son's just been killed skiing, he'll get back, cackle like Freddie.
Shifting back to fact: Dimitri's lady who took my name was:
Dimitri, Guy, Perry, Duncan, Ray, any of Dimitri's manifold
enemies and friends, any of you. Who knows who's here?
Nothing I've seen proves cypherpunks exists: I've seen Ray
twice and he wasn't the same. I've seen Duncan twice and
he wasn't the same. Neither recognized me either. We've
all introduced ourselves to Jim Kallstrom as one another,
and did the same to several of Kallstrom's stand-ins. Mark this: "Perry Metzger" for certain is non-existent, it's only
a mail drop, a chalk mark, a can by the road, a highly paid
fictional security scam: Pay or plonk. Cooped cops and holed-up criminals do, up the kazoo.
I say for a fact the crypto/cypherpunk/cops/spooks game's one bird doing a solo dance. Who that bird is, works for, remains to be reported reliably: an impossibility by definition. 100 to 1 it's a rogue bot, buried in a bridge caisson, powered by tidal flow or planetary rotation, unstoppable until earth freezes,
burns or implodes to infinite deception.
Dimitri was not terminated, can't be, he never was, like the rest
of us highly classified phantasms. Adam Back got the story
right, he's exchanging messages with a bot mirroring his inner evil, call that Tim, call it Dimitri, he'll call back as the One True
Terminator you don't want to meet, ever, but will.

@_date: 1998-07-20 06:44:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: National Health ID Plan 
Lead story, The New York Times, July 20, 1998:
Clinton Plans to Assign Codes, as Law Requires, to Create Giant Medical Database As legislation that would protect patient privacy languishes in Congress, the Clinton Administration is quietly laying plans to assign every American a "unique health identifier," a computer code that could be used to create a national database that would track every citizen's medical history from cradle to grave.
The electronic code was mandated by a 1996 law and would be the first comprehensive national identification system since the Social Security number was introduced in 1935. Although the idea has attracted almost no public attention, it is so contentious that Federal health officials who were supposed to propose a plan for the identifier by February, have made little headway and are instead holding hearings beginning on Monday to solicit public comment. Proponents, including insurance companies and public health researchers, say the benefits would be vast. Doctors and hospitals would be able to monitor the health of patients as they switch from one insurance plan to the next. Patients would not have to wade through a cumbersome bureaucracy to obtain old records. Billing would be streamlined, saving money. A national disease database could be created, offering unlimited opportunities for scientific study. But opponents, including privacy advocates and some doctors' groups, say the code smacks of Big Brother. They warn that sensitive health information might be linked to financial data or criminal records and that already tenuous privacy protections would be further weakened as existing managed care databases, for example, are linked. They say that trust in doctors, already eroded by managed care, would deteriorate further, with patients growing reluctant to share intimate details. And in a world where computer hackers can penetrate the Pentagon's computer system, they ask, will anyone's medical records be safe? Full story: Mirror: There's also a short report on House Commerce Committee
passage of the WIPO copyright act (which limits encryption testing) by setting temporary provisions for "fair use" for education with bi-annual review by the Commerce Department to extend or let lapse:
Mirror:

@_date: 1998-07-20 12:15:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: More on WIPO Copyright Amendment 
To amplify the earlier NY Times report on the July 17
passage of the Krug amendment to the WIPO copyright act, which once banned encryption analysis, Reuters today says:
  The committee also approved an amendment allowing   cryptography researchers to crack anti-piracy safeguards   as part of their work. And an amendment was added   allowing Internet users to disable such measures to   prevent the collection of personal information.    The Reuters report:
  Thanks to DM.

@_date: 1998-07-21 08:31:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA's Long Strong Arm 
"The Long, Strong Arm of the NSA," about the
Agency's methods of enforcing export obedience
with intimidation, delay and obfuscation:
 User manual: Dodging the rules  By Ellen Messmer Network World,  The National Security Agency (NSA) wrote the export rules on encryption. But from the point of view of corporations that want to ship U.S. software to their foreign offices, getting around the U.S. export rules is a top priority.
 And even for those who used to work at the NSA, it's still a challenge.
 "Well, I wrote those export rules when I was at the NSA," confessed Russell Davis, now chief of information technology security at SBC Warburg Dillon Read, a division of Swiss Bank Corp., which operates in 77 countries. Since joining the corporate life, Davis has used his knowledge of the NSA to find ways to work around the export system on behalf of his customer, the bank, which uses a lot of encryption-based security gear.
 "It took 17 months to figure out how to get crypto-based smart cards to Swiss facilities and elsewhere," Davis said. "But I wrote the rules on all this, and I know how to get around them." Would he ever consider using government-
approved data-recovery?
 "Never," Davis declared. "My customers come first!"
 "Our customers just aren't going to buy these types of products," said Tom Carty, vice president of business development for GTE CyberTrust. He agreed the government is leading industry down a path to build products few users will willingly buy.
More at Network World:
   (requires sign-up)
 Thanks to MO.

@_date: 1998-07-21 09:28:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Hooray Mondex 
Here's a Chase-Mondex user's report from Manhattan's upper west side test bed:
1. We got about 20 of the first cards and sent them around the
globe to crackers. None shared the fruits but a few came back
with requests, see 2 :
2. By special request of sweettalking crackers who had heard about the first batch, we got a few more, and knowing these folks
were honest, we loaded the cards with a few bucks from our bank account as they asked, "for testing." Days later we were broke.
3. Chase refilled our account and apologized for insufficient
protection from electronic bandits. The bandits sent us 50%
 get a job.
4. Recently, we got two of Citibank's cards with $5.00 each on them. Tried for days to get local merchants to take them, none
would because they lacked a unique magnetic stripe they'd
been advised to watch for, which, we later learned, once swiped
could tap into global data banks on the user, clean their
accounts, screw their records, erase the institutionalized mugging, leave an audit showing it was the irresponsible military-site crackers who did it.
5. We got $5,000,000 digi-cash for that info from SDA, who got it from the institutions running the Mondex banditry: those ACP recommends the Commerce Department grant license exceptions for the export of encryption products of any strength that have been determined to be "legitimate and responsible."[*]
Happily Legitimate and Responsible
*

@_date: 1998-07-22 18:36:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Netscape FOIA Docs 
We offer the FOIA docs EPIC got on Netscape's
presentation for export of cryptographic products
which was cited in the July 20 Network World report
on NSA's long, strong arm:

@_date: 1998-07-26 06:04:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Rage 
Received from anonymous July 26, 1998:
The Columbian (Oregon), No date.
Written by John Branton, Columbian staff writer
Eleven months in prison - and counting - haven't muzzled
James Dalton Bell's rage about what he calls government
"black operations" against him. "This story has more
government misbehavior than Watergate", Bell wrote in a
recent letter to The Columbian.
He added in a phone call"I'm in a little bit of danger.
These people don't want me talking to you."
Bell is the 39-year-old McLoughlin Heights man who wrote
an Internet essay, "Assassination Politics", that
proposed the bounty-driven murder of "government
slimeballs". The former electronics engineer hadn't
spoken to The Columbian for about a year, until recently.
He was released from federal prison in April.
Bell served 11 months after pleading guilty to using
false Social Security numbers and obstructing the
Internal Revenue Service by trying to intimidate agents
and stink bombing their Vancouver office. Bell returned
to his parents' home this spring but was free only
about two months. Currently, Bell is back in a federal
prison in Seattle, awaiting a July 31 hearing on charges
that he violated his probation conditions. He's alleged
to have refused a court-ordered mental-health evaluation
and search of his parents' home.
Who is this man, many people have asked, who lives in our
midst when he isn't in prison - and if the IRS is to be
believed, dabbled with things such as nerve gas, botulism
toxin and sodium cyanide? IRS agents say Bell published a
"hit list" of agents' home addresses on the Internet for
his anti-government "patriot" friends, and discussed
contaminating water supplies with a buddy.
Is IRS Inspector Jeff Gordon correct in comparing Bell to
Timothy McVeigh and Theodore Kaczynski and saying the IRS
interrupted him in plans to commit murder? No, says Bell. "They knew I wasn't planning to kill federal agents",
Bell said this month. "They were scared because I had
written something that shows a way to eliminate
government. They were afraid I could convince the public
that I could replace existing government for no more than
a 10th or 20th of its current cost."
His wariness of the federal government is understandable
- they put him in prison. But his words reveal a view of
governmental duplicity like the fictional world of X-
Files agents Mulder and Scully. "Paranoid would be a good
word", said Bell's federal probation officer, Matthew
Richards. Bell, asked why he doesn't obey his court-
ordered probation terms to stay out of prison, made a
reference to the political imprisonment of Nelson
Mandela, South Africa's president. "I believe that when
the federal government decided to spy on me, simply
because of my political opposition to their tyranny and
terrorism, it dramatically diverged from what the average
American citizen would be inclined to tolerate", Bell
wrote recently.
Beginning in late 1995 or early 1996, Bell said, federal
agents read his "Assassination Politics" essay, posted on
the Internet. The essay described a computerized system
to ward "untraceable digital cash" to anyone who
correctly predicted the exact time of a federal agent's
murder. In Bell's words, "Imagine for a moment that, as
ordinary citizens were watching the evening news, they
see an act by a government employee or officeholder that
they feel violates their rights, abuses the public's
trust or misuses the powers that they feel should be
limited. What if they could go to their computers, type
in the miscreant's name, and select a dollar amount. If
0.1 percent of the population, or one person in a
thousand, was willing to pay $1 to see some government
slimeball dead, that would be in effect, a $250,000
bounty on his head."
Alarmed, Bell says, federal agents used two homes near
his parent's home, one on Corregidor Road and the other
on Mississippi Drive, for a clandestine and possibly
illegal surveillance operation. Agents supposedly
installed thousands of dollars worth of sophisticated
equipment, possibly using microwave technology, to spy on
Bell. "None of that occurred", said federal probation
officer Richards. "Absolutely not true", said the owner
of one of the houses. "I wouldn't let the feds in my
Bell said he suspects the agents bugged his phone
illegally - and followed him when he got out of prison
briefly in April. "We never bugged his phone", Richards
said. "No tailing whatsoever". Once, Bell said, he
spotted someone following him and turned the tables on
them. Bell followed the car to Rixen's Enterprises, 2700
N. Hayden Island Drive, which he suspects is a secret
front for a federal "black operation".
"No spooks here", said the owner, Jim Rixen, 40, who said
he deals in heating systems for boats and recreational
vehicles. "I've had this company for 13 years. You can
ask anybody on this island. You're more than welcome to
come here and go through everything I've got. He might
have followed some customer of mine here. I've never
heard anything about it."
In his upcoming hearing in the U.S. District Court in
Tacoma, the government will charge Bell with additional -
so far undisclosed - probation violations, Richards said.
If Bell has any actual evidence of illegal practices by
the government, that would be the place to bring it up.
=end of article=

@_date: 1998-07-28 10:10:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DoD on Infosec and Crypto 
DoD released today a July 21 speech by John Hamre to a
gathering of Fortune 500 CIOs of which about half dealt
with infosec and encryption issues:
     (53K)
Mentioned: the EFF DES crack, PGP, offshore products, the need for expensive hardware to bolster cheap code,
Eligible Receiver, the difficulty of DoD meshing its legacy
decrepit systems with cutting edge warfighting technology, concern about foreign Y2K, the need to slaughter when no one volunteers to help.
DoD boosts strong encryption as the primary means to
protect mil and com info but insists on "balancing"
the needs of privacy and law enforcement. Questioners
bluntly challenged equating the two.

@_date: 1998-07-29 14:16:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Losing Crypto Experts 
The National Security Agency is losing ground in the fight
to keep hard-to-find cryptography experts from being lured
to greener pastures.
By Richard Lardner
Price Waterhouse didn't become a force in the consulting
world by ignoring market trends. So it was no surprise when
the firm decided to expand its information security
operation. After all, the Internet has completely changed
the way business is done: Paper is out, electrons are in.
But just as electronic commerce is skyrocketing, so too are
the odds that sensitive corporate information might be
tampered with as it travels through cyberspace. With the private sector beginning to recognize that the
digital door swings both ways, there's growing demand for
the "risk management" services Price Waterhouse and other
companies are offering to help keep the hackers at bay. To
snare these potential clients, the company needed to hire
hundreds of information technology professionals. Trouble
is, information protection may be a huge growth area, but
the talent pool is mighty shallow. So officials at Price Waterhouse did what many other
commercial enterprises have done, and continue to do. They
targeted a group of employees at the Defense Department's
secretive National Security Agency, where thousands of the
federal government's best and brightest spend their days
eavesdropping on other countries while at the same time
ensuring that U.S. information networks are secure. Because
of the highly sensitive missions the agency performs,
companies like Price Waterhouse know they are getting
employees who are extremely good at what they do and are
solid citizens too-NSA is picky about whom it hires and
conducts thorough background investigations. Full text:

@_date: 1998-07-31 06:06:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cracking DES 1-4 
We offer Chapters 1-4 of EFF's "Cracking DES:"
       (110K + 9 images)
URLs to other parts welcomed.

@_date: 1998-07-31 12:09:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cracking DES 9-12 
We've added Chapters 9-12, same URL:
      (146K + 9 images)
No prohibited code, yet.

@_date: 1998-06-01 08:38:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RSA, NAI Settle Suit 
PR Newswire, June 1, 1998 [Excerpt]:
RSA Data Security and Network Associates Announce Settlement of Lawsuit; Network Associates Licenses RSA Crypto-security Software
    Redwood City and Santa Clara, Calif., June 1 -- RSA Data Security, Inc. and Network Associates  today announced that the companies have settled patent infringement and copyright lawsuits brought by RSA against Network Associates and its subsidiaries PGP, Inc., and Trusted
Information Systems (TIS).  In addition, Network Associates entered into a new royalty-bearing license for RSA's crypto-security engines, providing Network Associates with rights to include RSA components within a number of Network Associates, PGP, and TIS products.
    Under the terms of the settlement agreement, Network Associates will draw on a previously established escrow set at the time of the PGP acquisition to pay RSA an undisclosed sum to settle past issues and for legal fees.  As a result of today's settlement agreement, three federal actions and a court-ordered arbitration related to the dispute have been resolved.

@_date: 1998-06-01 11:26:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Foundation for Information Policy Research 
Source:     Title: New Independent Research Foundation Backed by Microsoft
                Embargoed until 11.00 Friday 29th May
Too often, policy issues relating to information technology are
seperately debated by two distinct grouups: technology experts and
those focused on social concerns.  Policy makers face the challenge of
reconciling the seperate debates in areas where technology is often
evolving very quickly. A new research foundation aims to provide clear
advice that spans this gap and is independent of vested interests.
The Foundation for Information Policy Research will fund research into
how information technology affects society. It is launched at a press
conference on Friday 29th May at 11.00 am. (1)
Microsoft has contributed a six-figure sum to cover the launch costs.
Internet service providers Poptel and Demon are also supporting the
Foundation. Its independence will be guaranteed, however, by a board
of trustees. (2) In the medium term it will be supported by
subscriptions from a range of firms in commerce and industry.
The goal of the Foundation is to promote research and understanding of
the effects, and the likely future effects, of IT on society. Its
areas of investigation include: (3)
 * the regulation of electronic commerce;
 * consumer protection;
 * data protection and privacy;
 * copyright;
 * law enforcement;
 * evidence and archiving;
 * electronic interaction between government, businesses and individuals;
 * the extent to which various information technologies discriminate
   against the less advantaged members of society; and
 * the new risks that computer and communication systems pose to
   life, health and economic well-being
The Foundation will also provide a valuable resource for the press as
it will be able to put journalists in touch with a wide range of
experts who can explain IT issues as they arise.
Contact: Caspar Bowden (Director of the Foundation) 0171 837 8706
         Ross Anderson (Chair of the Foundation)    01223 334733
The Director of the Foundation, Caspar Bowden, said: ``The IT policies
(and failures) which the current government inherited, and the
decisions which will be made by them in the future, will have
far-reaching effects on who society's winners and losers will be.  We
have a duty to prevent technological innovation and development taking
place at the expense of the poor, the old, the sick and the disabled.
We believe that so long as we understand the social and policy
implications of new technical innovations, we can make IT into a means
to facilitate social inclusion. The Foundation's mission will be to
achieve and to spread that understanding.''
The Managing Director of Microsoft UK, David Svendsen, said: ``It's
important that we contribute to a broad and informed public discussion
on these information society issues.''
The Chair of the Foundation, Ross Anderson of Cambridge University,
said: ``We welcome this new source of funding for IT related
research. An increase in the diversity of funding sources is almost
always a good thing, and the Foundation will be particularly valuable
as much of the available IT funding is directed to very short-term and
narrowly technical agendas.''
(1) The press conference is at the "Scrambling for Safety"
conference, at the Bloomsbury Theatre, University College, London.
URL: (2) The Foundation's Director and full-time CEO, Caspar Bowden, has
for the last three years been running Qualia, a consultancy business
specialising in internet implementations. Before that he was a
financial strategist with Goldman Sachs. He also researched IT and
communications issues for Scientists for Labour. Its chair, Ross Anderson, is a faculty member at Cambridge University
Computer Laboratory and has done extensive research on topics related
to electronic commerce.
The "Millennium Bug" - the problem that many computers cannot deal
correctly with the date roll-over from 1999 to 2000 - threatens to
cause havoc with many systems and has been declared a national
emergency by the Prime Minister.
Another problem that has worried policymakers and concerned citizens
is that new developments in IT may discriminate against the less well
off members of society.  For example, the current mechanisms for
electronic commerce depend on consumers using their credit cards to
order goods and services over the net. They often get a big discount
for buying this way; but people without credit cards may lose out.
The first task that the Foundation has set itself is to examine the
underpinnings of electronic commerce. The European Commission has
recently published a draft Directive on this subject and will launch a
period of public consultation at the same conference at which the
Foundation itself will be launched. (The draft directive is at
Other topics which the Foundation plans to investigate include:
* the maintenance of public records in electronic form. We do not
 fully understand how to ensure that word processor files and other
 electronic documents created today can be safely stored for many
 years, and reliably made available in the future. This affects not
 just the new Freedom of Information Act, but also the work of future
 librarians and historians.
* the development of copyright law. There are some industry proposals
 which would restrict the ability of libraries to lend out digital
 works. Will this mean the end of the public library, as more and more
 books, videos and other material become digital? What are the
 implications for schools and universities? What are the implications
 for the public, if all major sports events in future are pay-per-view?
 Are these developments inevitable, or is there something we can do
 about them?
* the introduction of electronic communication between the citizen and
 the government has the potential to cut queues and the frustration of
 dealing with people on the phone. However, are these changes
 intrinsically more likely to favour the articulate, and to bring the
 most benefit to well-off people with their own computers? What
 technical developments are reasonably possible to ensure that all
 citizens get a fair deal?
* the previous government's proposal for a "personal signature card"
 that would give access to all government services had a distinct
 flavour of an ID card. Are such developments necessary, or can we
 find workable alternatives?
* the police are concerned about the spread of prepaid mobile phones,
 which are increasingly used by stalkers and extortionists. However, if
 they are banned, then how would people without credit cards obtain a
 mobile phone service?
* there have been many disputes in the past over "phantom withdrawals"
 from bank cash machines, and banks have defended themselves by
 claiming that their computers cannot be wrong. How can this approach
 work when millions of merchants are selling services through a wide
 variety of computer systems? What will consumer rights amount to in
 the information age?
* the failure of government computer systems - whether spectacular
 failure due to the millennium bug, or the continuing sporadic
 failures in the NHS - does most harm to pensioners, the disabled,
 single mothers, the unemployed and people on NHS waiting lists (who
 are typically elderly, female and working class). How can we
 encourage best engineering practice in the public sector?
- - - ends - - Thanks to Danny O'Brien, UK Crypto
Story: Web site under construction:

@_date: 1998-06-01 16:38:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Echelon Furor 
The UK Sunday Times on the Internet had a story yesterday on
the rising Echelon furor in Europe, "Spy Station F83."
    (see Focus feature)
If you don't want to register we've mirrored the piece:
   It reviews the rapidly-growing NSA operation at Menwith Hill and Bad Aibling, with some recent information not covered in earlier Several European pols -- German, French, Italian, et al -- are calling for investigations of alleged economic spying by NSA.
NSA denies all, the writers say, except the Agency claims it's the best in the world at what it's capable of but not doing.

@_date: 1998-06-01 16:51:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Commerce Echelon 
The UK Sunday Times article claims that there is a unit in the Department of Commerce that receives NSA Echelon interceptions of economic data for massaging and passing on to interested US parties. Any information on this unit and how it decides who gets which secrets?

@_date: 1998-06-03 08:47:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DNA sequencing info needed 
It's now a cliche of bio-terrorism bellringers that
"this stuff scares me silly," with scientists, pols
and first responders now comically repeating the A technological artist on Long Island has set up in his studio a collection of the most deadly germs known on earth, in a small glass display, with labels and descriptions of what they are and can do: dosages, kill
ratios, distribution methods, sources of specimens
and food supplies, URLs for bio-terrorists.
He invites art connoisseurs to visit. They walk around
the room looking for the show, see little except typical
suburban living room furniture, then spy the glass
tank, approach, read, freeze, then begin to tremble.
Some scream, some faint, some vomit in horror,
claw clothing, stampede for the exit.
The artist tries to reassure them it's only a carefully constructed simulation. None believe him. They shiver outside in the yard and whimper accusations of terrorism, which, he confesses, is the truth of bio-terrorism, to scare sane people silly.

@_date: 1998-06-04 14:12:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NIST Publishes Draft FIPS for FKMI 
The NIST Technical Advisory Committee has published its final draft for a FIPS for the Federal Key Management Infrastructure and a letter from the chairman to the Secretary of Commerce on the completion of the task in preparation for the final
meeting of the committee June 17-19:
    under the "June 1998" section
We offer mirrors of the drafts:
     (chairman's letter)
     (the FIPS, 222K)

@_date: 1998-06-07 12:46:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PGP International Accused 
There are accusations from Russia and France that
PGP International and Network Associates are
improperly and probably illegally refusing downloads
of PGP to legitimate users.       Phil Zimmermann and the companies have been asked by the plaintiffs to explain why public affirmations of open access are contradicted by illegal restrictions.
Could this be due to pressure from US agencies or
legal counsel to comply with covert directives of the
nations to restrict access or pay the price of being
denied markets?
Maybe this is the way the Stewart Baker policy of encryption
duplicity is being spread from NSA to the marketeers: Public assurances of concern and covert arrangements with authority
to assure perpetuation of national security lockdown.

@_date: 1998-06-08 09:08:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Campaign Against Global War on Drugs 
The New York Times today has a two-page ad:
"We believe the global war on drugs is now causing
more harm than drug abuse itself," with a letter to UN
Secretary General Annan signed by hundreds
from around the world, across the political spectrum.
Web site for list and invitation to sign:
   Public Letter to Kofi Annan
             June 1, 1998              Mr. Kofi Annan              Secretary General              United Nations              New York, New York              United States              Dear Secretary General,              On the occasion of the United Nations General Assembly Special
             Session on Drugs in New York on June 8-10, 1998, we seek your
             leadership in stimulating a frank and honest evaluation of global
             drug control efforts.              We are all deeply concerned about the threat that drugs pose to
             our children, our fellow citizens and our societies. There is no
             choice but to work together, both within our countries and across
             borders, to reduce the harms associated with drugs. The United
             Nations has a legitimate and important role to play in this
             -- but only if it is willing to ask and address tough
questions about
             the success or failure of its efforts.              We believe that the global war on drugs is now causing more
             harm than drug abuse itself.              Every decade the United Nations adopts new international
             conventions, focused largely on criminalization and punishment,
             that restrict the ability of individual nations to devise
             solutions to local drug problems. Every year governments enact
             more punitive and costly drug control measures. Every day
             politicians endorse harsher new drug war strategies.              What is the result? U.N. agencies estimate the annual revenue
             generated by the illegal drug industry at $400 billion, or the
             equivalent of roughly eight per cent of total international
             This industry has empowered organized criminals, corrupted
             governments at all levels, eroded internal security, stimulated
             violence, and distorted both economic markets and moral values.
             These are the consequences not of drug use per se, but of
             decades of failed and futile drug war policies.              In many parts of the world, drug war politics impede public
             efforts to stem the spread of HIV, hepatitis and other infectious
             diseases. Human rights are violated, environmental assaults
             perpetrated and prisons inundated with hundreds of thousands of
             drug law violators. Scarce resources better expended on health,
             education and economic development are squandered on ever
             more expensive interdiction efforts. Realistic proposals to
             drug-related crime, disease and death are abandoned in favor of
             rhetorical proposals to create drug-free societies.              Persisting in our current policies will only result in more drug
             abuse, more empowerment of drug markets and criminals, and
             more disease and suffering. Too often those who call for open
             debate, rigorous analysis of current policies, and serious
             consideration of alternatives are accused of "surrendering." But
             the true surrender is when fear and inertia combine to shut off
             debate, suppress critical analysis, and dismiss all
alternatives to
             current policies. Mr. Secretary General, we appeal to you to
             initiate a truly open and honest dialogue regarding the future of
             global drug control policies - one in which fear, prejudice and
             punitive prohibitions yield to common sense, science, public
             health and human rights. There are a gang of heads of state gathering at the UN, with
cavalcades of limosines and guards racing around Manhattan
to indifference, except for me, the only one jumping hurray at the
sirens, whirling lights and bristling vans. All the SS guys facing backwards finger shot my middle digit aimed at them, then a sniper behind me put a red dot on it, scaring me shitless, I ran

@_date: 1998-06-08 11:50:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Update of Risks of Key Recovery Report 
The Risks of Key Recovery, Key Escrow, and Trusted Third-Party Encryption 1998
Hal Abelson
Ross Anderson
Steven M. Bellovin
Josh Benaloh
Matt Blaze
Whitfield Diffie
John Gilmore
Peter G. Neumann
Ronald L. Rivest
Jeffrey I. Schiller
Bruce Schneier
Final Report -- 27 May 1997
Updated -- June 8, 1998
Introduction and CDT's press release:

@_date: 1998-06-11 12:33:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: AF Docs on Comsec and Intel 
The USAF offers hundreds of documents at its Electronic
Publications site:
   We've mirrored listings for dozens of docs in two categories:
Communications and Information:
      And, in case there's difficulty accessing, we've mirrored:
"Instruction on the Operation of the STU-III":
     (534K PDF)
"Cryptographic Access":
     (129K PDF)
"Emission Security":
     (296K PDF)
"Controlled Access Program":
     (170K PDF)
"Sources of Intelligence":

@_date: 1998-06-14 08:09:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Childlove and Feds 
The NYT today has a long piece on phone hackers,
"The Good. The Bad. The Geeks." With focus on a a few in New York City: Mantis, Wicked, Bell Boy,
Vertigo, et al.
Mantis admits working with LEAs in catching pedophiles
and phreakers (note link) who do not abide the "Hacker Ethic" of doing no harm, only "helping society" by exposing security weaknesses. Not all Feds and phreakers agree that pedophobic Feds and teeny-cute phreaks help society, although the pedophilic Agency allegedly abusing the adorable phreaker for its come-on entrapment had "no comment" to its online childlove racketeering and profiteering, sort of like the
NYT's art spiegel comic today.
   Our clone:

@_date: 1998-06-15 05:33:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Prepare Y2K 
NYT Magazine, June 14, 1998:
PREPARE YE This will make for a gloomy five days, but from June 29 to July 3 disaster experts from all over will convene in Russellville, Ark., to talk about "Principles and Practice of Disaster Relief and Recovery." Sessions cover: How to create an emergency mass mortuary, toxic-waste cleanups and dealing with nuclear meltdown. Vernie R. Fountain, of the Fountain National Academy of Professional Embalming Skills in Springfield, Mo., will discuss "identification of the dead" after natural and man-made disasters. Natural disasters have killed 181 people this year in the United States; there have been more than 600 tornadoes. Are we in jinxed times? "It's been a pretty good year so far, not a lot of terrorism," says Matthew Blais, a nuclear-terrorism expert. "But there are a lot of crazy people out there, saving up for the big one. You never know when."

@_date: 1998-06-18 05:52:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Senators Challenge Crypto Policy 
[Congressional Record: June 17, 1998 (Senate)]
                               ENCRYPTION
  Mr. LOTT. Mr. President, I rise today out of concern for our nation's
computer and electronic industries. As you are well aware, the
[[Page S6438]]
export policies prohibit American companies from selling state-of-the-
art encryption technology abroad without recovery keys and back door
access. Encryption is a series of mathematical formulas that scramble
and unscramble data and communications. It is used to thwart computer
hackers, industrial and foreign espionage agents, and criminals from
gaining access to and reading sensitive personal, business, and
military communications. The higher the bit-key length, the more
difficult it is for unauthorized persons to break the code. Technically
advanced encryption ensures that an individual's medical, financial,
business, personal records and electronic-mail cannot be accessed
without their consent. The Administration is now promoting the
deployment of recovery keys so designated third parties would be able
to access and share with law enforcement the computer data and
communications of American citizens without their knowledge. Currently,
government mandated key escrow is not required and is opposed by the
computer industry, privacy advocates, legal scholars, and by many
members of Congress.
  Mr. LEAHY. While current law does not mandate any key recovery, the
current Administration, just as past Administrations, uses the export
control regime to ``dumb down'' the encryption available for widespread
integration into high-tech products intended for both domestic use and
for export to foreign customers. Export regulations in place now are
being used expressly to coerce the development and use of encryption
products capable of giving law enforcement surreptitious access to
plaintext by conditioning the export of 56-bit DES encryption on
development of key recovery features.
  These regulations are scheduled to sunset in December 1998, at which
time export of even 56-bit strength encryption will no longer be
permitted. I understand that the Administration is already undertaking
discussions with industry on what will happen upon sunset of these
regulations. I have long contended that taking unilateral steps will
not resolve this issue, but instead could delay building the consensus
we so urgently need. This issue simply cannot by resolved by Executive
  Mr. ASHCROFT. Mr. President, I have been involved in the debate
regarding encryption technology and privacy for more than three years
now. In the course of that time I have not seen any real attempt by the
White House to resolve this problem. In fact, over the course of that
time the Administration has moved further from negotiation by taking
increasingly extreme positions on this critical national issue.
  Mr. CRAIG. Mr. President, as you have heard, current U.S. policy
allows only encryption below the 56-bit key length to be sold abroad.
For a long time now, software companies have argued that this level of
encryption is so low it provides little security for the information
being transmitted over the ``super highway.'' This policy also states
that, in the production of encryption stronger than 56-bit, software
companies must provide some type of ``backdoor'' access to ensure law
enforcement can decode encrypted material.
  Addressing this from an economic perspective, customers--especially
foreign customers--are unwilling to purchase American encryption
products with backdoors and third-party access. This is particularly
true since they can buy stronger encryption overseas from either
foreign-owned companies or American owned companies on foreign soil
without these invasive features.
  Mr. WYDEN. Since coming to the Senate, I have worked side-by-side
with Senators Burns, Ashcroft, Leahy and others on the critical issue
of encryption. Our common goal has been to craft a policy that puts the
United States squarely out front of the crypto-curve, rather than locks
us permanently behind it. A one-size-fits-all government policy simply
won't work in this digital era. We all recognize and acknowledge the
legitimate needs of law enforcement and the national security
communities, but tying the hands of America's high technology industry
in the process will serve neither those needs, nor the national
interest in maintaining our competitive edge in the fiercely
competitive global marketplace. It's time to move forward with
comprehensive encryption reform legislation.
  Mr. BURNS. I would like to point out that the government's plan for
encryption--whether they call it ``key escrow'' or ``key recovery'' or
``plaintext access''--simply won't work. Eleven of the world's most
prominent computer security experts have told us government mandated
key recovery won't work because it won't be secure, as explained in a
study published this week by the Center for Democracy and Technology.
Key escrow also won't work because it will cost billions, as revealed
in a recent study published by the Business Software Alliance. We have
also been told that the kind of system the Administration wants is not
technically feasible. Additionally, constitutional scholars testified
that government mandated key escrow, third party recovery probably
violates the Bill of Rights.
  Mr. LOTT. Even though a national recovery system would be technically
unfeasible, costly, and violates an individual's privacy rights, the
Administration continues to require key escrow as a precondition for
relaxing America's encryption policy. Again, Mr. President, I would
point out that state-of-the-art encryption is available in the
international marketplace without key recovery and without backdoor
access. This backdoor door requirement is simply backward thinking
policy. It does not make sense to hold the computer industry hostage to
force the creation of such an unworkable system.
  Mr. BURNS. The Majority Leader is absolutely right. We do not need
experts to tell us key recovery will not work. All that is needed is a
little common sense to understand that no one will buy systems with
backdoor access. Criminals will not escrow their keys and terrorists
will find keyless systems from America's foreign competitors. There is
nothing we can do to stop undesirables from using strong, unescrowed
  Mr. LOTT. Even though advanced encryption products are widely
available across the globe, the White House continues to stall
Congressional and industry attempts to reach a sensible market oriented
solution to the nation's outdated encryption export regime. This
stonewalling tactic will only cede even more of our nation's technology
market to foreign competitors and America will lose forever its ability
to sell encryption technology at home and abroad.
  It is time to change America's export policy before it is too late.
If the Administration will not do what is right, reform its export
regime, then Congress must enact encryption reform during this session.
  Mr. LEAHY. The Majority Leader is correct that reform of our
encryption policy is needed. The Attorney General came to the Hill in
March and asked for a legislative moratorium on encryption matters.
This request was made because the Administration wanted to talk with
the information technology industry about developing means for law
enforcement to gain surreptitious access to plaintext scrambled by
strong encryption. According to eleven of the world's leading
cryptographers in a report reissued on June 8, the technical risks and
costs of such backdoors ``will exacerbate, not alleviate, the potential
for crime and information terrorism'' for America's computer users and
our critical infrastructures.
  In the Senate we have a name for debate that delays action on
legislative matters. We call it a filibuster. On encryption policy, the
Administration has been willing to talk, but not to forge a real
solution. That amounts to a filibuster. The longer we go without a
sensible policy, the more jobs will be lost, the more we risk eroding
our privacy rights on the Internet, and the more we leave our critical
infrastructures vulnerable.
  Mr. BURNS. We can readily see that the current U.S. policy on
encryption jeopardizes the privacy of individuals, the security of the
Internet, and the competitiveness of U.S. industry. We have been
debating this issue since the Administration's introduction of the ill-
fated Clipper chip proposal over five years ago. Yet no substantial
change in Administration policy has taken place. It is time for us to
take action.
  I first introduced comprehensive encryption reform legislation in the
[[Page S6439]]
form of the Pro-CODE bill over two years ago, then reintroduced it in
this Congress with the cosponsorship of the Majority Leader, Senators
Ashcroft, Leahy, Wyden, and others. Along with Senators Ashcroft,
Leahy, and others, I am also an original cosponsor of the E-PRIVACY
bill, which would foster the use of strong encryption and global
competitiveness. We have held numerous hearings on the issue. Yet
despite the increasingly desperate drumbeat of criticism from industry,
individuals, and privacy groups, from across the political spectrum,
the Administration's policy has remained fundamentally unchanged.
  Mr. LEAHY. Since the hearing I chaired in May 1994 on the
Administration's ``Clipper Chip'' proposal, the Administration has
taken some steps in the right direction. Clipper Chip is now dead, and
the Administration has transferred authority over the export of
encryption products from the State Department to the Commerce
Department, as called for in legislation I introduced in the last
Congress with Senators Burns, Wyden and others. Furthermore, the
Administration has permitted the export of up to 56-bit DES encryption,
at least until the end of this year. But these actions are simply not
enough for our high-tech industries to maintain their leading edge in
the global marketplace.
  Mr. ASHCROFT. Our technology companies need to be able to compete
effectively. Without reasonable export laws our technology sector will
be seriously harmed. More encryption companies will leave the country
so they are free to sell their products around the globe as well as
within the United States. Make no mistake, the market will not be
denied. Today, robust encryption products from Canada, Japan, Germany
and elsewhere are being sold on the world market. You have heard of the
companies that are manufacturing and selling encryption. They are
Nortel, Nippon and Seimens. These are not upstart companies. They are
substantial players on the international scene, and they offer
encryption products that are technically and financially competitive
with those produced in the U.S.
  Mr. LOTT. That's right. In fact, a recent survey conducted by Trusted
Information Systems found that hundreds of foreign companies sell over
600 encryption products from 29 countries. It is even possible to
download some of the strongest technology available, 128-bit key length
encryption, off of the Internet. Clearly, America's policy of
restricting the sale of American encryption software and hardware has
not impacted the availability and use of this technology throughout the
  No one disputes the fact that the development and use of robust
encryption worldwide will continue with or without U.S. business
participation. What is particularly disturbing to me is that export
controls, instead of achieving their intended purpose, have only served
to deny America's premier computer industry the opportunity to compete
on a level playing field with foreign competitors. Costing our economy
and our nation billions of dollars and the loss of countless American
jobs in the process. Given the wide availability of encryption
technology, continuing to restrict U.S. access to foreign markets makes
no sense.
  Mr. ASHCROFT. That is absolutely correct. The Administration's
encryption policy is, in effect, a tax on American consumers. We owe it
to these customers and the innovators in the software industry to
reform this encryption policy now. From the birth of the United States,
this country has been a world leader in innovation, creativity,
entrepreneurship, vision and opportunity. Today all of these American
attributes are on display in our technology sector. Whether in
telecommunications, or computer hardware or software, the United States
has maintained a leadership position because of the opportunities
afforded to people with the vision, determination and responsibility to
reach for their highest and best. We must work diligently to ensure
that ample opportunities are maintained in this country for our
technology sector to continue to thrive and innovate. If companies are
stifled and cannot compete, then the people, the ideas, the jobs, and
the economic growth will simply go elsewhere.
  Mr. BURNS. In the computer business these days, they talk about
``Internet time.'' In the Internet industry, where product life cycles
can be as low as 6 months, the world changes rapidly. Yet we have been
debating this issue for over five years now, while America's sensitive
communications go unsecured, our critical information infrastructures
go unprotected, and our electronic commerce jobs get shipped overseas.
It is time for the Congress to act.
  Mr. ASHCROFT. If this issue is not resolved, and resolved soon, we
will lose this industry, we will lose our leadership position in
technology, and our national security will suffer. We have a choice to
make as policy makers--do we allow our companies to compete
internationally or do we force them, by our antiquated and ill-
conceived government policy, to move overseas. We cannot simply ignore
the reality that robust encryption exists in the international
marketplace now. Instead, we must allow our companies to compete, and
do so now. We cannot allow extraneous issues to stand in the way of
remedying the deficiencies with our current approach to encryption. We
must recognize that keeping the encryption industry on American shores
is the best way to ensure national security. We would not think of
allowing all our defense industries to move abroad. By the same token,
we should not force the encryption industry abroad through outdated
policies. Simply put, strong encryption means a strong economy and a
strong country. This concern is just one of the many reasons we need to
pass effective encryption legislation this year and just one of the
reasons that Senator Leahy and I recently drafted the E-PRIVACY bill,
S. 2067.
  Mr. LEAHY. I join with my colleagues from both sides of the aisle in
calling for passage of good encryption legislation that promotes
computer privacy, fosters the global competitiveness of our high-tech
industries, and encourages the widespread use of strong encryption as
an online crime prevention and anti-terrorism tool. The E-PRIVACY bill
that I have sponsored with Senator Ashcroft, Senator Burns and others,
satisfies these goals. Prompt Senate consideration of encryption
legislation is sorely needed to protect America's economy and security.
  Mr. CRAIG. Mr. President, the E-PRIVACY bill seeks to protect
individual privacy, while at the same time addressing national security
and law enforcement interests. It would also modernize export controls
on commercial encryption products.
  The E-Privacy Act specifically addresses the concerns of law
enforcement. First and foremost, it makes it a crime to intentionally
use encryption to conceal incriminating communications or information.
It also provides that with an official subpoena, existing wiretap
authority can be used to obtain communications decryption keys/
assistance from third parties.
  Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I want to thank Senator Leahy, Senator
Burns and Senator Ashcroft as well as Senator Lott and Senator Daschle
for their work and leadership on the issue of encryption. I am proud to
be an original cosponsor of S. 2067, the E-PRIVACY Act.
  This is my sixth year as a member of the Senate and the sixth year I
have advocated for reasonable legislation on encryption. Sadly, the
Administration has not been a constructive player in this debate. It is
time for the United States to acknowledge that we no longer exclusively
control the pace of technology. Purchasers around the world can
download software off of the Internet from any country by simply
accessing a website. Foreign purchasers have turned to Russian, German,
Swiss and other foreign vendors for their encryption needs.
  Washington state and American companies deserve the opportunity to
compete free from unreasonable government restrictions. Their role in
the international marketplace should be determined by their ingenuity
and creativity rather than an outdated, ineffectual system of export
controls. The time to act is now. I urge the Senate to consider the E-
PRIVACY Act at the earliest opportunity.
  Mr. BURNS. The basic facts remain the same. People need strong,
unescrowed encryption to protect themselves online in the information
[[Page S6440]]
age. Law enforcement has legitimate concerns about the spread of this
technology, and we must work to provide them the tools and expertise
they need to keep up with advances in encryption technology. We cannot
stop time, however. The genie is out of the bottle. As Bill Gates, the
CEO of Microsoft, recently said, ``Encryption technology is widely
available outside the United States and inside the United States, and
that's just a fact of life.''
  Mr. CRAIG. With the rapid expansion of the ``super highway'' and
Internet commerce it is crucial we bring encryption legislation to the
forefront. A secure, private and trusted national and global
information infrastructure is essential to promote citizens' privacy
and economic growth.
  Mr. BURNS. As my colleagues recognize, technically advanced and
unobtrusive encryption is fundamental to ensuring the kind of privacy
Americans will need and desire in the years to come. Congress must
choose a future where individuals and companies will have the tools
they need to protect their privacy, not a future where people fear the
use electronic commerce because they have no security.
  I commend the Majority Leader, Senators Ashcroft, Leahy, Craig,
Wyden, and Murray for their vision and bipartisan leadership on this
issue. I hope that Congress will be able to move forward with real
encryption reform legislation that protects the privacy and security of
Americans in the Information Age, before it is too late.
  Mr. LOTT. I think it is worth repeating to my colleagues that the
Administration's approach to encryption makes no sense. It is not good
policy. Continuing to restrict the foreign sale of American encryption
technology that is already available abroad, or will soon be available,
is anti-business, anti-consumer, anti-jobs, and anti-innovation.
  The time for a change in America's export regime is long overdue.
Unfortunately, the Administration continues to support its outmoded and
competition-adverse encryption control policy. That is why this
Congress needs to find a legislative solution to this issue.
  If America's export controls are not relaxed now, then Congress
places in peril our entire technology industry. Not just those
companies that create and market encryption products and services, but
virtually every company involved in the development and sale of
computer hardware and software. Congress cannot and will not put
America's entire technological base at risk for an ineffective and
outmoded export policy on encryption.
                          ____________________

@_date: 1998-06-18 06:20:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tim's views on the racial problem in America 
These bland-info-overloaded days, Blanc:
   The Center of Attention = the Eccentric
You will not be visible, listened to, or read online unless you got something deeply offensive to say, quote, report, swear to god to, degrading of
self and others, litigable, libellous, insulting, vulgar, prohibited by multiple laws, violative of fairness and decency, newsworthy, or a well-thought-out alternative to sheepledom, Joe Sixdom, PC, MC, Real Identity,
the Tax Code, unequal distribution of wealth, straight
sex, kinky sex, fat, diet, exercise, sloth, grammatical rigor, speaking in unknown tongues, numeracy, science, art, politics, religion, quantum computing,
nanotech, borderlessness, Y2K, the talk shows,
the amazing future of the Internet.
The center is gone for good, cry a tear, then bravely affirm:
good riddance to Ptolemaic centricity. Normalcy is now para.
Listen to what your teeth are picking up from the spectrum
transmitting to the inner ear bone: the spheres whistling
Dixie in the dark.
Tim's telling what the quarks are whispering.
Tim's an oddball wizard, we're all bank-shot eccentrics, no home on earth, we the intergalactic outcasts gumming
the dried teat once unemptiable: faith, self, clan, country,
ideology, bye, bye (white male) American pie.
There's one Rosebud refuge left: the US Senate/Bohemian

@_date: 1998-06-20 13:44:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The End of Secrecy 
Summer, 1998:
     (39K)
IMF managing director Michel Camdessus has explained, openness and transparency are now economic issues, not solely political   As more and more evidence has come to light about the   adverse consequences of governance problems on economic   performance--among them, losses in government revenue,   lower quality public investment and public services,   reduced private investment, and the loss of public   confidence in government--a broader consensus has   emerged on the central importance of transparency and   good governance in achieving economic success.
Most officials in Asia seem to have accepted the virtues of transparency, at least in the economic field. Singaporean senior minister Lee Kuan Yew, stressing the importance of transparency in a country's financial system, recently told Vietnamese prime minister Phan Van Khai: "In an age of information technology, instant communications and computers, if you try to hide, you are in trouble."                The Entomopter Cometh
One of the most unusual MIT designs on the drawing board is a four-inch-long, insect-like craft dubbed "the entomopter," equipped with legs for crawling through buildings or ventilation ducts, and flapping wings for airborne reconnaissance.
Nevertheless, no matter how small, efficient, or cost-effective surveillance hardware becomes, there will always be limits to what technology can accomplish. Indeed, it is a double-edged sword--witness the polemics in Washington and on the Web over who, if anyone, should regulate electronic encryption. From untappable communications to pixel-by-pixel photo and video editing, technology is often as good at hiding secrets as it is at revealing them. Without a norm of transparency, technology will continue to protect private information as well as ferret it out.

@_date: 1998-06-22 06:16:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Violation Update 
Jim Bell was released on parole on April 20, but may
be about to be rearrested for parole violation, and
may not yet know the cops are coming to reviolate:

@_date: 1998-06-23 05:49:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Rearrested 
JY note: The message below has not been authenticated. The writer claimed
no knowledge of the arrest at the time I spoke with him, which was after the date and time of the arrest given in the message. It's
possible he was withholding the information for publication or by
request of confidentiality. The message may be a forgery written
after seeing the messages at  The IRS
has sent spam concerning Jim Bell before: John: This is [a journalist] whom you called today about Bell. He was
arrested at his parents' home in Vancouver Monday about 1:07 a.m. PDT by five
federal marshals in two cars. The agents went in with guns drawn and came out
with Bell's elderly parents, with whom they talked for a while. A few minutes
later, they brought out Jim, who was handcuffed in front, dressed in a blue T-
shirt and slacks. He was put in the back of a red Jeep, and then leg chained
by an agent. (I tried to ask one of the agents if Jim was going to be taken
directly to Tacoma - my assumption - but the agent was a typical marshals
service jerk and just told me to stay away.)
Jim was in the backseat for about 20 minutes and then two agents came out and
drove him away - after one agent accidentally set off the Jeep "wa-wa" siren -
...just as TV arrived. the other three agents remained in the house, looking
for "evidence," i assume.
I expect him to appear before a federal magistrate in Tacoma tomorrow
morning. His federal defender still has not been provided any paper by the
so, now yr up to date.
on another matter, I was curious abt the anonymous info sent you. i've been
trying to get an anon remailer for some time, but have been unsuccessful. got
any tips, advice or help?

@_date: 1998-06-23 10:49:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Rearrested 2 
The message about Jim's rearrest yesterday is confirmed,
except the time of arrest was 1:07 PM, not AM. The reporter
went by Jim's house after confirming that a bust was scheduled
and waited for the action.
Jim's been taken from Vancouver, WA, where he lives with his
parents, to either Spokane or Seattle, for a hearing before
a magistrate on the alleged parole violation. Jim's public
defender is on the matter.
No information on Jim's alleged violation, although the reporter
says supposedly there's a long list of prohibitions including one against going near a federal facility, "even a mailbox." Someone's trying to a get a copy of the list which should be public information.
Jim's appeal with the Ninth Circuit Court is presumably for reduction of the onerous prohibitions which may have
been made sever enough that he could be hauled in
whenever publicity is needed in the lucrative fight against "terrorism of the American people," a fever for funding that's feeding bucks into the bottomless pockets of US Justus Terrorists coming to call.

@_date: 1998-06-23 12:10:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Declassifies Algos 
Thanks to Ed Roback, NIST:
DoD Press Release, June 23, 1998:
No. 316-78
IMMEDIATE RELEASE
June 23, 1998
           ENCRYPTION FORMULAS DECLASSIFIED
The Department of Defense today announced the decision by the National Security Agency to declassify both the Key Exchange Algorithm and the SKIPJACK encryption algorithm used in the FORTEZZA(tm) personal computer card. FORTEZZA(tm) provides security at the desktop in the Defense Message System and other DoD applications. This marks the first time that the NSA has declassified such information and made it commercially available. This declassification is an essential part of the Department of Defense's efforts to work with commercial industry in developing reasonably priced computer protection products. This declassification decision will enable industry to develop software and smartcard based security products, which are interoperable with FORTEZZA(tm). The availability of such products will enhance the protection of DoD's sensitive but unclassified and critical non-mission communications. The decision to release SKIPJACK (an 80 bit encryption algorithm that is not extensible to higher key lengths) and KEA (a 1024 bit key exchange algorithm) is restricted to these particular algorithms, and does not apply to other classified NSA algorithms. The SKIPJACK and KEA algorithms and their source codes have been declassified pursuant to Executive Order 12958. Vendors interested in obtaining more information on this matter should contact the National Security Agency Public Affairs Office at 301-688-6524. Note: We called NSA Public Affairs who said that more information will be available tomorrow afternoon on NIST's Web site (no specific    In the meantime NSA will respond to faxed questions; send to:
   Vanessa Talieri
   Office of Public Affairs
   National Security Agency
   Fax: 301-497-2844

@_date: 1998-06-24 06:56:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Skipjack Up 
The files are up, and hopefully all working OK.  See
Ed Roback

@_date: 1998-06-25 04:57:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Declass Query 
Spyrus claims in a press release yesterday that NSA
announced declassification of SKIPJACK and KEA on
June 6, earlier than the DoD notice on June 23. Does anyone know where and how NSA made this
earlier announcement, and whether there is a document
on it? We've queried Spyrus but no answer yet.
Spyrus has scheduled a June 30 conference on its release
of a FORTEZZA library and products in connection with
the NSA declassification. Bruce Schneier is a keynote

@_date: 1998-06-25 05:40:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CIA 4 Nags: Hackers Crypto Y2K Foreigners 
June 24, 1998
CIA Head Forsees Better Hackers
Filed at 5:43 p.m. EDT
By The Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) -- Intrusion into government computers will become increasingly more sophisticated and better organized and is likely to involve hostile nations, CIA Director George Tenet told lawmakers Wednesday. "Potential attackers range from national intelligence and military organizations, terrorists, criminals, industrial competitors, hackers and disgruntled or disloyal insiders," Tenet told the Senate Governmental
Affairs Committee. "We know with specificity of several nations that are working on developing an information warfare capability." While Tenet did not identify the countries, committee Chairman Fred Thompson, R-Tenn., who received a classified briefing on Tuesday, named some of them. Citing published reports, Thompson said China, Russia, Libya, Iraq and Iran and at least seven other countries are developing information warfare programs. The challenge facing U.S. intelligence will be to detect attacks on U.S.computers and information systems by organized or individual hackers. In some cases, Tenet said, disruptive intrusions orchestrated by hostile states may be disguised as amateurish efforts by individual hackers. "Our electric power grids and our telecommunications networks will be targets of the first order," Tenet said. "An adversary capable of implanting the right virus or accessing the right terminal can cause massive damage." The shift of the computer hacker problem from individuals and terrorist groups to governments is only beginning, Tenet said, but he added, "Down the line we are going to encounter more and it will be more organized." Tenet cited one case, without naming it, of a foreign government targeting the United States for intrusion into information systems. Sen. Joseph Lieberman, D-Conn., asked if the U.S. government is taking steps to develop its own offensive hacking capability to disrupt adversaries and to serve as a deterrent for computer-based attacks. "We're not asleep at the switch in this regard," Tenet replied. Air Force Lt. Gen. Kenneth Minihan, head of the National Security Agency, said it was not going too far to think in terms of an "electronic Pearl Harbor," a well-organized assault on the United States based on strikes aimed at electronic information systems. The most sensitive information centers, such as CIA and Pentagon classified files, are heavily guarded against such intrusion and, in most cases, are fenced off from Internet-type transfers. The problems are more likely to
arise in less well-guarded areas such as financial networks or industrial control centers. "They're not going to attack our strengths," Minihan said. A key area of vulnerability within the intelligence community, Tenet said, is the possibility of a disloyal or disgruntled employee wreaking havoc with CIA computers. Another scenario stems from the difficulty the CIA is
encountering finding enough software specialists to grapple with the "Year 2000" problem, caused by computers not being programmed to recognize the shift in the calendar from 1999 to 2000. Most of the contractors available to help the agency, Tenet said, would use foreigners, affording "an easy opportunity to come in and see how your system works and what your vulnerabilities are." The running debate over the availability of increasingly sophisticated encryption technology, which scrambles messages and data from unauthorized intrusion, also poses a worry, Tenet said. Unless the computer industry and the government find a legislative compromise, the government could fall victim to hackers able to hide their own actions in impenetrable encryption codes. It may take a major computer-hacker incident to create the political pressure needed to allow
the government the "recovery" power to access encrypted databases. "There is a train wreck waiting to happen unless we deal with the recovery aspect of the encryption debate," Tenet said.

@_date: 1998-06-25 10:01:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Dupes in NSA Release 
We need confirmation that pages 11 and 14 are the same
in the NSA algo release except for the words "Figure 7"
and Figure 8."
And that Figures 7, 8 and 9, showing "key formation diagram"
are the same on purpose.
We've asked ever-helpful Ed Roback at NIST about it but no answer yet.
Amazingly, thanks to Vanessa Talieri, NSA has cheerfully Fedexed us a hardcopy, due in tomorrow.

@_date: 1998-06-25 14:37:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Skipjack HTM 
We've transcribed a hardcopy of the 23-page SKIPJACK
doc into HTML:
       (350K, 41K text, 309K JPEG images of equations and figures)
A Zipped version:
     (295K)
Reports of typos in the tables welcomed.

@_date: 1998-06-27 13:05:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Update 
According to the June 26 court docket:
1. Jim was arrested June 22;
2. A hearing was held on June 23, USDC Western WA, 3. A new defense attorney present, Peter Voelker;
4. Jim advised of rights and of allegations in violation petition (not specified); 5. Gov moves for detention; 6. Gov and defense attorneys make unspecified proffers; 7. Jim is ordered detained; 8. Probation revocation hearing set for July 10;
9. Judge appoints an (unamed) Federal Public Defender.

@_date: 1998-06-27 15:34:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CIA Hires Lo/Hi-Tech Spies 
NYT, June 27, 1998:
Getting Back to Basics, C.I.A. Is Hiring More Spies Taking steps to reduce dependence on high-tech spying. By James Risen
Washington, June 26--The Central Intelligence Agency is beginning the largest recruitment drive for new spies in its history, in an ambitious effort to rebuild its espionage service, which has been severely damaged by spy scandals, budget cutbacks and high turnover since the end of the cold war, officials said.
With Congress already providing increased financing, the Directorate of Operations, the C.I.A.'s clandestine espionage arm, will hire record numbers of case officers
--spies-- beginning this year as part of a new strategic plan to repair the decaying espionage capabilities of the United States by 2005, officials said. In addition to expanded hiring, the agency also plans to reopen several overseas stations that were closed in the early 1990's after the demise of the Soviet Union led Congress and the White House to reduce the C.I.A.'s budget sharply. The recruitment plan is a sign that the C.I.A. recognizes that it has become far too dependent on so-called technical intelligence, or eavesdropping devices and spy satellites. Now, the agency wants to get back to espionage basics, by increasing its ability to place a spy behind enemy lines or inside the offices of a rival government. The spread of new technologies like encryption and computer networks has eroded the value of spy satellites and listening devices and has led the C.I.A. to see the need for an expanded cadre of spies. Without having an agent in place, the C.I.A. has found it much harder to gain access to secrets from rival governments, terrorists and international organized crime groups.  ...
The C.I.A. is recruiting case officers, and people to support them with technical skills that spies have rarely been asked to learn in the past. "As we tried to figure out our requirements for the future, we realized we needed to have greater technical support for agent operations," said one American official. At the top of the list of requirements is computer expertise. The proliferation of global computer data networks, for example, has made it more difficult for the agency to slip into a country using false identifications. Only computer experts can defeat those local computer systems, and even developing countries routinely make sophisticated computer checks on passports and visas. ...
Full story:

@_date: 1998-06-27 18:43:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: AU Cryptozilla Attack 
Thanks to Anonymous we offer the article which
describes the AU government attack on Eric Young's and Tim Hudson's full-strength Cryptozilla for Netscape:
   It's also a good overview of crypto policy battles down under -- the pols, the crats, the laws, the regs, the obfuscations, the work arounds of export controls
and runarounds with chicken heads off -- like like all around hereabouts.

@_date: 1998-03-02 19:31:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Bioweaponeers 
The New Yorker magazine of March 9 has a long shattering
essay on Ken Alibek, the former Soviet bioweapons expert,
William Patrick, the US's counterpart, the state of Russian secret bioweapons development, and prospects for the spread
and use of this WMD.
It's far more disturbingly detailed than the New York Times and ABC PrimeTime reports, and presents a horrific spectrum of gruesome details of nearly unimaginable catastrophe fermenting in secret laboratories and deepest black storage tanks.
If you thought nuclear weapons were terrifying, read this for a
shocking introduction to evil which will give even thermonuclear
warriors nightmares of helplessness.
Where Strangelovian physicists once ruled, now reign Mad
Richard Preston is the writer, featured on PrimeTime and
author of The Hot Zone, on the Ebola virus.
For those without easy access to the magazine we offer a
     (62K)

@_date: 1998-03-03 11:58:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Original Sources for Echelon 
Duncan Campbell has posted the message below on Echelon. Would anyone happen to have a copy of the 1988 New Statesman
article? If not, I'll dig it out of a library. More importantly, as Duncan asks, does anyone know of other original info on Echelon?
The original and primary source for information on ECHELON is an article I
wrote in New Statesman magazine ten years ago : NS, 12 August 1988 :
"They've got it taped".  In 1991, a UK World in Action programme added an important new detail about
the network, namely the presence of a DICTIONARY computer (a key part of
the system) at  GCHQ's processing centre in Westminster.  In 1993, I produced a documentary for Channel 4 - "The Hill" which related
ECHELON to the work of the Menwith Hill NSA field station near Harrogate in
Yorkshire.  In 1996, Nicky Hager in New Zealand described in his book "Secret Power"
the presence of DICTIONARY computers at two New Zealand sigint stations,
and gave extensive details of the local programming and tasking of the
ECHELON "dictionaries".  Apart from these sources, so far as I am aware all the reports that are
around are derivative and reprocessed.  The European Parliament STOA
committee report from the "Omega Foundation" is in this category and was in
fact submitted rather more than a year ago.  If anyone is aware of any
other *original* publication on this topic, could they post it. The arrival
in the public domain of original information in this area is a rarity, yet
is the foundation for the only things we "know" about the scale of NSA/GCHQ
surveillance and processing. Duncan Campbell

@_date: 1998-03-05 17:40:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Gun Grabbers in WASHINGTON -- Friday 
The New York Times reported today that the National Research
Council found that it was not feasible to require taggants in
explosives and recommended that the technology not be pursued.
Instead, it proposed improved licensing and protection of storage.
The panel noted that it would be very difficult to restrict access to
common materials for manufacturing explosives, and that law
enforcement should improve investigation, intelligence and
education of the public.
An unconfirmed Reuters is that the panelists fist-fought tooth-and-nail
gouch&suck-eyeballs over the issue of a confidential investigation to determine why there were no ATF agents in Murrah, only the head-hammered remains of all the agency's Wintel boxes choked with endless incoming of "The Availability of Bombmaking Information on the Internet" auto-forwarded from Senator_Feinstein at remailer.to.

@_date: 1998-03-06 06:50:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BXA 97 Report on Encryption 
BXA issued its 1997 Annual Report on March 4. We've
excerpted the sections on encryption, which summarize
the administration's policy, goals and accomplisments:
     (43K)
In the nine month period from the transfer of commercial encryption items to Commerce through the end of FY 1997, BXA has received over 1,000 encryption license applications
valued at more than $500,000,000. Forty companies have submitted commitment plans which lay out how they will build and market key recovery products. These companies include
some of the largest software and hardware manufacturers in the country. BXA has approved 32 of these plans; none have
been rejected. Furthermore, eight companies have submitted requests for a one-time review of key recovery encryption items which will facilitate the establishment of a key management infrastructure (KMI). Four of these products have been approved
for eligibility under License Exception KMI. BXA has also approved four U.S. entities to serve as their own Key Recovery agents for these products (i.e. corporate "self-escrow").

@_date: 1998-03-09 04:10:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Matt Blaze KE Patent 
9 March 1998, MicroPatent:
Escrow key management system for accessing encrypted data with portable cryptographic modules (Assignee -- Lucent Technologies Abstract: A cryptographic module, such as a smartcard, is designed to a) store decrypting software programs, and information indicative of predetermined conditions under which an escrow agent is enabled to use the software programs stored on the module to decrypt encrypted data files, and b) records for audit purposes, information indicating every time the software programs are used for decryption. Ex Claim Text: A system for managing access to one or more encrypted data files stored in a computer system, said system comprising: a file of the computer system which associates a cryptographic key with a cryptographic module that is subsequently assigned to a selected user; a memory of the cryptographic module which stores a) access information allowing use of the cryptographic module by the selected user under specific conditions, said access information including the cryptographic key, a corresponding cryptographic passphrase and a software program to decrypt the one or more encrypted data files; means responsive to receiving at said cryptographic module said corresponding cryptographic passphrase from said selected user, for a) permitting decryption of said one or more data flies when the specific conditions are met, and b) recording in said memory transactional information associated with said decryption, and b) uses said cryptographic module for the purpose of decrypting one or more of said data files; and means for querying at a later time said cryptographic module to retrieve said transactional information recorded on said memory.
Assignee: Lucent Technologies Inc. Patent Number: 5721777 Issue Date: 1998 02 24 Inventor(s): Blaze, Matthew A. If you would like to purchase a copy of this patent, please call MicroPatent at 800-648-6787.

@_date: 1998-03-10 04:20:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BATFC -- Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Cryptography 
Tim's and Michael's exchanges (with others) are most welcome,
and constructively return us again to the most compelling aspect
of the encryption debate, the contest between law and technology,
one that has impact far beyond cryptography.
There are examples of the application of law to control of technology
in the President's most recent update of "The National Emergency Caused by the Lapse of the Export Administration Act of 1979":
   It recounts the activities of the Commerce Department -- mainly BXA --
for the latest 6-month reporting period, and lists as well the cases of penalties imposed for export violations. Some of these have been imposed for alleged violations over 6 years past. They exemplify what Tim and Michael are discussing of the various ways the regulations and laws are imposed according to policy shifts and wind direction of politicians. The report describes the beef up of BXA enforcement programs, and increasing coordination with and training of other countries for export enforcement.
All justified by a "national emergency" for which the underlying law
to control technology long ago lapsed. The lapse appears to be
a deliberate way to avoid having to define ahead of time what
technology is to be controlled in order that ad hoc policy and
regulations can be devised to fit, deal by deal.
This parallels the increase in indecipherable grand jury proceedings, plea bargainings and parole conditions, determined by protected
government employees. These, to be sure, appear to be close cousins of the bloated features of legacy technologies, civilian
and military.
It worth noting that Microsoft and the Justice Department are perfect twins of technology and law monopolies, using brute force and contracts to get their way, both clothed in self-righteousness and
both led by charming weirdos, both totally obsessed with each their own mad view of law and technology in the "public interest."
Still, there's some public benefit that these disputes are white collar
and not homicidal/suicidal battles of NBC warfare, at least not yet here at home.

@_date: 1998-03-10 18:34:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GoldMoney 
Essays on the future of money, electronic, digital and
"GoldMoney," based on US Patent No. 5,671,364
One or so cypherpunks referenced.

@_date: 1998-03-10 19:43:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BATFC -- Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and  Cryptography 
Brian, that post was a feeble one-time attempt to write straight prose, uninflected, unaccusatory, undiabolical, un-nuts, un-understandable. It took days of agony to arrive at empty perfection, to say nothing with crystal clear aplomb, foreign policy piquant, transparent balderdash cover-up of bald-face lies delivered deadpan grammatically.
I been studying James Rubin's disarmingly weird repartee at the State Department press conferences. Today he asked a reporter to define "who's got the con"  for foreign policy. (Laughter, the transcript hooted.)
"Charming weirdo" is the Secretary of State's and Rubin's demonic auto-epithet for her, emulating homicidal Maggie Thatcher hiding her demure will to slaughter.
Swear to god this is the last time I'll try to ape well-mannered civil discourse. You got the con: It's too sicko wacko. Back to incoherent snarl of ignorant brutes chewing leg off for freedom.

@_date: 1998-03-11 17:07:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: House of Commons Library on US Sigint in Europe 
Simon Hossack has sent us a copy of a letter to Oliver Heald MP (UK) from the House of Commons Library on US signals intelligence in Europe, with focus on Menwith Hill. It is an answer to Mr. Heald's request for information on the charge of US spying in the STOA report as described by Duncan Campbell and Nicky Hager.
The letter documents successive parlimentary and journalistic inquiries about the USA/UK 50-years-long arrangement for joint intelligence and HMG's answers.

@_date: 1998-03-12 05:56:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI CALEA Rule for Electronic Surveillance 
[Federal Register: March 12, 1998 (Volume 63, Number 48)]
[Page 12217-12310]
SUMMARY: The FBI is providing the Final Notice of the requirements for actual and maximum capacity for the interception of the content of communications and call-identifying information that telecommunications carriers may be required to effect to support law enforcement's electronic surveillance needs, as mandated in section 104 of the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act (CALEA) (Public Law 103-414, 47 U.S.C. 1001-1010).
For full copy:
     (685K)
Zipped version:
     (101K)

@_date: 1998-03-14 15:50:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: time to export RSA and demand to be prosecuted? (Re: Cypherpunks Crypto_Legal Assistance Fund) 
Well, yes, that's what BXA flaunts, but I wonder if the encryption regs
are a high priority compared to the cases which are actually pursued
which deal with truly threatening technology that every congressperson
loves to fearfully hate. Yapping Chihuahua crypto is not up there yet, I suspect.
True, there's a batch of agents being trained to work specifically on
encryption, and with the total of crypto exports now exceeding $half a billion, it may be cost and politically effective to set an example by pounding one or two neo-crypto-Zimmermanns, especially as the
year's hearings rumble, troll and slumber.
Still, Adam's signature RSA-taunt has been on our Web site for months,
terminating each of his exemplary stream of messages on low perfidy in high places, to no effect on BXA's eagle eyeball.
Adam's 3-liner was also once part of Peter Junger's legal filings  (DoJ downloaded the evidence) until we were ordered to excise the tiny terrible Perl so that Peter's noble bite of the hand of god would be clearly his stiletto fangs and not confused with Sir Adam Bulldog's ass ripper.
Now, Declan, what would a crypto-miscreant need to do to actually get BXA's fierce kennel of crypto bloodhounds' attention, to make it truly
worth everybody's headline read, money, politics, talents and teeth?
By Tuesday, when Cindy Cohn sticks her head in the beast's mouth.

@_date: 1998-03-16 07:13:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Law Where There Is No Land 
NYT reports today on the battle to fit old law to cyberspace,
"The Law Where There Is No Land," featuring several eminent posters here, with a poster pix of Cindy Cohn attacking Bernstein's evil foes, laptop scythe slashing,
Xena backflipping effortlessly.
Flip to:

@_date: 1998-03-16 19:41:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Cypherpunks Meeting, OpenPGP, and the TIS Merger 
Thanks to Jim Gillogy we've put a copy of the IETF draft OpenPGP Message Format at:
     (99K)
And thanks to all who've primed the OpenPGP pump
to boost it worldwide we've opened an archive of selected parts (SSM) of the discussion here:

@_date: 1998-03-17 06:11:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Will New Sendmail Block Remailers? 
Markoff in the NYT reports today on the release of a new Sendmail upgrade by author Eric Allman that will block spam by checking the legitimacy of the originating address before delivery.
The report claims that spam is up to 10% of e-mail worldwide,
And that Sendmail is used on 75% of the computers that route e-mail, all of which are being fitted with the new program.
What are the chances that this will affect remailers or other means of eternal anonymity?
Except Sualk, GL, UB and Nuh, all of whom we now know are Otot GinPu Tca as those crazy Syug Irtmid Irun.

@_date: 1998-03-17 06:45:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GSM Interception 
Below is one of the most comprehensive and informative
sites we've seen on telephonic snooping, with nation by
nation accounting of technologies, laws, disinformation,
deception, complicity, commerce and teletone opps for
MH-moola ka-chinka chinka:
Actually 100 Millions of GSM Are Geographically &
Automatically Tapped and Stored 4 Months
        (keyword: location GSM, title: interception)

@_date: 1998-03-17 08:36:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Local Law Oppose FBI on Crypto 
A point made at Senator Ashcroft's crypto hearing going on now, made by James J. Fotis, of the Law Enforcement Alliance of America, is that many local police departments do not want the FBI and federal agencies snooping on them, thus, they oppose the FBI's stance on crippled crypto.
To be sure, they may fear the feds because of local
corruption, but it's a crack in the blue wall solidarity
that the FBI has heretofore vaunted.
Listen in by RealAudio:

@_date: 1998-03-18 10:48:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PRZ on PGP/NAI/TIS/Key Recovery 
I received the following email from Phil Zimmermann, regarding concerns I
have expressed about NAI's acquisition of TIS, a substantial contractor to
the National Security Agency, and a major developer of key recovery
Ed, I saw your recent remarks in comp.security.pgp.discuss.  I'd like
to make a few points.  You may quote me on this.
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
Mergers are complex operations, especially mergers of publicly traded companies of this size.  NAI and TIS will not fully close the merger deal for about 60 days.  Until then, there are many policy details we cannot discuss in public.
NAI has no plans to incorporate TIS's key recovery technology in any version of PGP, including our business versions.  I have discussed this
point with NAI management.
I have not changed my political values regarding privacy and crypto.
I would not have allowed the sale of my company to NAI if they were going to buy PGP in order to bury PGP, as some have feared.  They bought PGP because they value the reputation that PGP has earned in the industry.  They want to preserve that reputation by preserving PGP's product integrity.  I plan to keep watch over PGP's product integrity for the foreseeable future.
NAI plans to keep publishing our source code for peer review.  Source code publication in printed books is a vital part of NAI's business strategy, especially its overseas strategy.  There will be an important
announcement on this subject on 20 March at CeBit in Hannover Germany.
 -Philip Zimmermann

@_date: 1998-03-18 11:20:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EMI, Van Eck, etc. 
That's Joel McNamara's bountiful and ever-growing TEMPEST site:
   While the work of Markus Kuhn and Ross Anderson provide more recent
unclassified information Joel has a standing request for any TEMPEST
material that is created by research or liberated from tax-pits and fat
corp labs. Some black stuff comes over the transom.
RF and EM offensive and defensive weapons are whitehot in national security labs around the globe, and probably equally so in commercial cages where NDA transgressors are hoovering dual-usage technologies out of MOD's coffers like subway turnstile-suckers.

@_date: 1998-03-22 06:56:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Rivest's Chaffing and Winnowing 
The New York Times, March 22, 1998, p. 31.
   New Method To Veil Data Could Upstage Export Policy       Cryptologists find a way to foil eavesdroppers without
      secret codes.
   By John Markoff
   San Francisco, March 21 -- One of the nation's leading
   computer scientists has proposed a novel technique for
   scrambling data that could circumvent Government export
   policies aimed at limiting the foreign sale of encryption
   technology.
   The technique, which was described this week in an Internet
   discussion among computer researchers, was introduced by
   Ronald L. Rivest, a computer scientist at the Massachusetts
   Institute of Technology and one of the inventors of the
   most widely used commercial encryption scheme, RSA.
   The new approach, which is described in a short technical
   paper that has been posted to Mr. Rivest's M.I.T. Web site
   ( is
   described as "chaffing and winnowing" digital information
   instead of encrypting it.
   According to Mr. Rivest's paper, it is possible to hide a
   message by breaking it into packets that are then secretly
   identified as good information, or "wheat," and gibberish,
   or "chaff," in such a way that an eavesdropper cannot
   distinguish the two.
   Because the individual packets would not be encrypted, Mr.
   Rivest said, such a system would circumvent current export
   restrictions.
   The two principal ways of communicating in secret are
   encryption and steganography. Steganography uses computer
   techniques to embed a secret message in a document like a
   digital image. In encryption, secret information is encoded
   using functions that require difficult mathematical tasks
   to decode, and it has become the standard way of
   transmitting secret information electronically.
   There are no restrictions on the domestic use of this
   technology, but the Government has been trying to force the
   industry to adopt standards that would permit
   law-enforcement officials to have mathematical keys
   allowing them to decode messages without the knowledge of
   the sender or receiver. The Clinton Administration says the
   standards are needed to fight crime and terrorism.
   Opponents argue that the Government decoding keys, to be
   stored in computers, could easily be stolen, compromising
   privacy and the security of credit card numbers and other
   personal information.
   In terms of exports, with few exceptions the Government
   limits the software to codes that can be easily broken.
   "Winnowing does not employ encryption, and so does not have
   a 'decryption key,' " Mr. Rivest wrote in his paper. "As
   usual, the policy debate about regulating technology ends
   up being obsoleted by technological innovations."
   Peter Neumann, an SRI International computer scientist who
   has read Mr. Rivest's paper, said that although "there is
   still no certainty that this is a practical idea," if it
   works, "it throws another clinker at the Justice
   Department."
   Other cryptography experts said they were uncertain whether
   it would be possible to skirt Government export
   restrictions in this way, but that the idea was an
   impressive new approach that might have valuable commercial
   applications.
   "He's a very clever guy," said George Spix, a Microsoft
   researcher who specializes in cryptography policy issues.
   " It goes to show that for all the technological wizardry
   in the world, there's nothing like an intellect."
   One of the potential limitations of the new method is that
   the total information transmitted might need to be hundreds
   of times larger than the actual message.
   Mr. Rivest said, however, that he had discussed the idea
   with Adi Shamir, an Israeli cryptographer, and that Mr.
   Shamir had proposed compression methods that would reduce
   the total transmission to only about twice the actual
   message size.
   The strength of the idea for chaffing and winnowing is that
   it is possible to prove mathematically that a message
   cannot be decoded, Mr. Rivest said.
   He said he had come up with the idea recently while
   teaching an undergraduate computer course.
   In addition to his role as associate director of the
   Laboratory of Computer Science at M.I.T., Mr. Rivest is a
   consultant and shareholder in RSA Data Security Inc., a
   company that develops encryption software.
   "I put the winnowing and chaffing idea out there to
   stimulate debate,"' Mr. Rivest said. "I hope it will help
   clear up some of the issues that have been raised in the
   policy discussion.
   [End]

@_date: 1998-03-22 08:26:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Prediction: NAI will issue a "Clarification" about PGP     from  Europe 
You talking to me? Look at me! Let's settle this now. Get it straight from the purple nose: Not drugs, nuts, A-grade shit, highest quality, cheap E$, dosing me and the other Messiahs vampiring Big DaddyMommy -- that spaced-out hermaphroditic duo's infinitely beyond  psycho-pharmacological cryptanalysis.
Try it, you'll like it. Endorsed by Thor and Brunhilde, Zeus and Juno, Samson and Delilah, Amazons and Moses, Cleopatra and  Nero, Jesus and FHC,  Atilla and Joan d'Arc, Machiavelli and Teresa de Avilla, Nietzsche and Cosima, Hitler and Eva, Ghandi and Queen Mary, Elvis and Janis, Paglia and Dice Clay, Teller and Penn, Pogo and Dilbert, NSA and BXA, and others here faking normalcy:
Watch for very clear articulation, point by point argument, neat
numbered paragraphs, implacable coherency, occcasional bullet
spray for emphasis, peculiar indents and concussion grenades, unpredictable ellipses of EM wipeout, wide-area split infinitives, carpet bombs of dangling modifiers, genocidal threats at contra-blancos,
vile accusations of self-flagellations, all with not a hair or beard out of place, a sure sign of uh oh, don't jiggle this nitroid.
That's just those who post. The others back there, well.

@_date: 1998-03-24 20:04:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EMI and TWA 800 
The April 9 New York Review of Books has published a long special supplement, "The Fall of TWA 800: The Possibility
of Electromagnetic Interference," by Elaine Scarry, a noted author
and Harvard professor:
     (128K with 3 images)
The article closely examines the possibility of electromagnetic
interference in TWA 800's controls, comm, and black boxes
by activities of the ten US military planes and ships in the
vicinity which were heavily equipped for electronic warfare and were conducting tests of the gear. It is reports on what is publically known about the EM armaments
of planes and ships in the vicinity, about secret EM weapons and defenses, the several dozen military and commercial planes that have crashed due to EMI, military studies of long-standing EM hazards which will not be released to crash investigators, current research in EMI and what scientists in the field think about the possibility of EMI causing the fall of TWA 800.
It calls for the military to release its classified EMI research to
NTSB investigators, and short of that, for the servicemen and women on the planes and ships at the scene to tell what they know. It asks Congress to order military cooperation.
Not at all inflammatory or accusatory, it is thoroughly researched (over 100 notes and citations) and highly informative on the hazards of EMI, and worthy of ciritque by learned scientists in the field here.
Coda: Ron Brown's crash is not mentioned but its characteristics fit several other EMI accidents for which the military will not
release findings, claiming that national security EM weapons
secrets would be jeopardized.

@_date: 1998-03-26 17:09:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Junger v. USA Notice 
New Judge to Decide Whether Export Restrictions on Software Violate
   Constitutional Guarantees of Freedom of Speech and of the Press
Reply Briefs in Junger v. Daley Available on World Wide Web
   ----------------------------------------------------------------
To be added to, or removed from, the list of those who were sent this
press release, please send e-mail to .
     _________________________________________________________________
Cleveland, Ohio, March 26 -- A status conference in the case of Junger v. Daley, the suit in which
a law professor at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio
seeks to enjoin the enforcement by the United States Department of
Commerce of the export regulations on encryption software, will be
held Friday, March 27, at 10:00 a.m. in the chambers of Federal
District Judge James S. Gwin in the federal courthouse in Akron,
Ohio.  The case turns on the issue of whether the publication in
electronic form of encryption software---software that is used to
preserve the privacy of electronic communications and data stored on a
computer---is entitled to protection under the First Amendment to the
United States Constitution.
Judge Gwin, a recent appointee to the federal bench who previously
served on the Ohio Court of Common Pleas, has replaced Judge Donald
C. Nugent as the judge responsible for the litigation. The plaintiff, Professor Peter Junger, who teaches a course in
Computing and the Law and who wishes to publish his class materials
containing some encryption programs on his World Wide Web server,
seeks an injunction against the enforcement by the defendant, Commerce
Secretary Daley, of the export regulations promulgated the Department
of Commerce that require anyone who wishes to publish encryption
software of the Internet or on the World Wide Web to first obtain a
license from the Bureau of Export Administration.
Both sides have filed for summary judgment.  Junger argues that the
freedoms of speech and of the press that are secured by the First
Amendment protect the writing and publication of computer programs.
The government, on the other hand, argues that computer programs are
not entitled to the protection of the First Amendment because they are
``functional''. Each side has filed a brief in support of its motion for summary
judgment.  These briefs and the complaint and motions for summary
judgment are available at  and
.  In addition both sides
have filed reply briefs that are now available at:
In his reply brief the plaintiff's lawyers argue:  ``Making software available on the Internet and the World Wide Web is publication of
that software, and publication in that medium is entitled to the
unqualified protection of the First Amendment.''
The government responds to this argument in its reply brief by
claiming that software is a ``functional item'' and thus not entitled
to protection as speech.  In furtherance of this claim it points out,
``Much software ... is designed to cause substantial harm,'' and that
``software can be used to invade privacy, commit fraud, and
substantially disrupt and endanger people's lives.''
``That is rather a perverse argument,'' says Junger, ``considering
that encryption software is used to protect against exactly the harms
that the government lists and that there is no law against the use of
encryption software, while, of course, there are laws against invading
privacy, committing fraud, and substantially disrupting and
endangering people's lives.  It is clear that the government does not
claim just the right to regulate the writing and publication of
encryption software.  It claims the right to forbid the writing and
publication of any type of computer program whatsoever without being
in any way restricted by the First Amendment.  There are, of course,
some types of speech, like obscenity, that the courts have held are
not entitled to the protection of the First Amendment, but no court
has ever subscribed to the government's remarkable theory that the
First Amendment does not protect functional speech.''
``My case,'' says Junger, ``is not just about the constitutionality of
the regulations forbidding the export of encryption software, though
that is an extremely important issue.  The real issue is whether the
First Amendment protects the writing and publication of any type of
computer program.''

@_date: 1998-03-30 14:12:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: S-909 Revised 
We've received from anonymous a copy of Senators
McCain and Kerrey's draft revisions to S.909, The Secure Public Networks Act, as announced in early      (60K)
This is encryption legislation due to be introduced in May and is now being circulated among government
agencies and industry for comment.
It draws heavily on the FBI "technical assistance draft"
of last year which made recommendations for modifying
the original bill. See links to both from this draft.
Page 2 of the draft was not provided. Anybody with
a copy of the page we'd appreciate getting it, digitized if
convenient, faxed if not: 212-799-4003.

@_date: 1998-03-31 04:45:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 3DES Weakness 
NYT-Markoff reports today on Biham and Knudsen's paper
on 3DES weakness, "Cryptanalysis of the ANSI X9.52 CBCM Mode," noted here a few days ago.
The ANSI X9.F1 committee has held up implementing its
standard as a result, and may have to wait for AES. Credit is given to the worldwide DES crack.
   See a mirror:
   Get the Biham/Knudsen paper:

@_date: 1998-05-01 07:07:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Ajtai Lattice Patent 
30 April 1998, Micropatent:
Cryptosystem employing worst-case difficult-to solve lattice problem (Assignee -- International Business Machines Abstract: A cryptosystem and cryptographic method are provided for performing tasks such as encoding/decoding, signing messages, and verifying identity. The system and method employ a problem which is difficult to solve in the worst case. Because of the worst-case nature of the problem employed, a system and method according to the invention has advantageous level of security, In a class of preferred embodiments, the difficult problem is one of the recognized difficult problems associated with the mathematical theory of lattices. These problems include finding short vectors and sets of basis vectors from a lattice. Cryptographic protocols are performed, using these problems. Ex Claim Text: A cryptographic communications system A comprising: a communications channel; means for generating a public key and a corresponding private key based on an instance of a problem, the problem being difficult to solve in the worst case, the instance of the problem  being difficult to solve, commensurate with the difficulty of the  worst-case solution of the problem; and means for performing a cryptographic communication protocol, employing the public and private keys generated by the means for generating, with another cryptographic communications system B over the communications channel. Patent Number: 5737425 Issue Date: 1998 04 07 Inventor(s): Ajtai, Miklos
If you would like to purchase a copy of this patent, please call MicroPatent at 800-648-6787.

@_date: 1998-05-01 10:40:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Reno reports "suspicion" in industry crypto-negotiations 
Daley's statement on crypto export has been pulled from the DoC
Public Affairs Web site, as noted in Peter Junger's latest filing,
in which the vanished statement is cited as support for lifting suspicious back-scratch dealings like ACP's.
   What's the latest on publicizing the several ACP drafts floating around "industry and agencies" for comment on what TLAs and ACP are rigging in the public interest.
Weren't some of these stalking drafts nearly liberated recently? Or were they only floated for trusted eyes only?
Congressional hearings are due shortly to air the stench.
As Entrust said in defense of its patenting what was thought
to be in the public interest: "Encryption is no longer an academic
pursuit, now it's very big business."
RSA, NAI, Entrust, ACP, TLA, take your pick, not that there's much
diff where "national economic security" interest surpasses the public.

@_date: 1998-05-04 20:12:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Ordered to Tell Secrets 
In an April 30 Memorandum Opinion and Order Senior US District of New Mexico Judge Santiago Campos has ordered the National Security Agency to produce in camera evidence that it can refuse to respond to allegations of NSA intercepts of Libyan and Iranian encrypted messages in the 1980s.
     (102K)
This order was issued in repsonse to cryptographer Bill Payne's FOIA request for the information as part of his wrongful termination suit against NSA and Sandia National Laboratory. In the 56-page order Judge Campos reviews the principal actions in the suit, and to buttress the order for NSA to tell him what it knows about the intercepts invokes recent FOIA regulations which more stringently require intelligence agencies to substantiate the use of the "Glomar response" in refusing to affirm or deny the existence of information on the grounds that to do so would  harm national security.
He states that case law requires more diligent review in the case of "Glomarization," so he is obligated to make a review in
this instance. He states that based on what NSA has heretofore
provided the court, withholding of information on these intercepts does not appear justified.
Campos has reviewed public documents on allegations of the Swiss firm Crypto AG's "spiking" of its cryptographic equipment (with direction by NSA for backdoors) then selling it to Libya and Iran, Crypto AG's employee Hans Buehler's story of the work, Reagan's statement on the intercepts,
and other reports, and finds that while the stories are not
authoritative of the USG position, they do warrant his detailed review of NSA's Glomar response. Campos says, paraphrased, "if NSA continues to have the right it claims in this case to determine what is secret and what is not,
then it can declare anything secret and thereby undercut the very purpose of the FOIA. That is not acceptable."
It's an impressive summary of the legal conflict between the public's right to know and governmental secrecy. And may help ease access information on NSA global surveillance operations. Or, if Campos decides in NSA's favor, may shut the door more securely.

@_date: 1998-05-08 16:44:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: HPC Report 
Commerce and Defense released Monday a study of high performance computers, national security and export
controls which we have transcribed:
     (Contents, execsumm and Chap 1)
The 221-page report provides a detailed survey of HPC applications for national security work with recommendations for export controls in the light of advances in distributed
and parallel applications. There's are thumbnails of 200 projects with indexes of power -- with a glance at crypto For brute power the ASCI Red ++ appears to be the leader -- and off the chart of customary measurement.
The full report is 1.6MB, and a zipped version is available:
     (1.0MB)
Here's the report's press release:
U. S. Department of Commerce Bureau of Export Administration
May 4, 1998  Advances in Computer Technology Make Export Controls More Difficult
Washington, D.C. -- Commerce Assistant Secretary Roger Majak and Dave Tarbell, director of the Defense Technology Security Administration at the Defense Department announced the release of a long-awaited study, "High-performance Computing, National Security Applications, and Export Control Policy at the Close of the 20th Century," by Dr. Seymour E. Goodman, Dr. Peter Wolcott and Dr. Patrick Homer. The study has been prepared as part of President Clinton's decision in 1993 to periodically assess U.S. computer export controls. Today's study provides an important contribution to the government's understanding of technology trends in the computer industry and national security uses for high performance computers.
The study finds that technology is evolving at an astounding rate in the HPC industry, rapidly increasing the performance of computers at all levels. Key findings include: 1) advancements in microprocessor performance which have brought down the costs of HPCs and reduced their size; 2) improvements in interconnect devices which have permitted a greater range of products to enter the market and helped to make high-performance power more accessible and affordable; 3) more open system architectures that contribute to enhanced calability; and 4) the ability to network the computing power of smaller systems to find solutions to large computational problems.
All of these advancements create challenges for export controls on HPCs. In particular, there is growing availability of ever more powerful computers in the world marketplace. The market for HPCs is flourishing worldwide with many new and used systems for sale through mail order and third party distribution systems. The study points out that determining what computing levels can be controlled depends on factors such as dependence on vendor support, the growing diversity of computer architectures and the scalability of computer An earlier study published by Dr. Goodman and his associates issued in 1995 predicted that computers with speeds of over 2,000 MTOPS would be widely vailable in commercial markets by 1997. Those predictions have proved
correct. This new study will be an important reference point for the Administration's continuing review of computer controls.

@_date: 1998-05-09 11:31:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 1997 Wiretap Report 
The US Courts 1997 Wiretap Report is out:
   Total: 1,094, up 59 from 1996; 206 "electronic." 374 taps in this nabe; dozens in this bldg, six in
this flat, a couple on this box, one under lip
counting morse teethgrinds.

@_date: 1998-05-13 14:55:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: International Crime Control Strategy 
THE WHITE HOUSE
                    Office of the Press Secretary
For Immediate Release                                       May 12, 1998
                  INTERNATIONAL CRIME CONTROL STRATEGY
International crime is a serious and potent threat to the American
people at home and abroad.  Drug and firearms trafficking, terrorism,
money laundering, counterfeiting, illegal alien smuggling, trafficking
in women and children, advanced fee scams, credit card fraud, auto
theft, economic espionage, intellectual property theft, computer
hacking, and public corruption are all linked to international criminal
activity and all have a direct impact on the security and prosperity of
the American people.
Americans spend billions of dollars annually on cocaine and heroin, all
of which originates abroad; in 1997, there were 123 terrorist attacks
against U.S. targets worldwide, including 108 bombings and eight
kidnappings; each year, approximately one billion dollars worth of
stolen cars are smuggled out of this country; annually, U.S. companies
lose up to $23 billion from the illegal duplication and piracy of films,
compact discs, computer software, pharmaceutical and textile products,
while U.S. credit card companies suffer losses of hundreds of millions
of dollars from international fraud; and several hundred U.S. companies
and other organizations have already suffered computer attacks in 1998,
resulting in millions of dollars of losses and significant threats to
our safety and security.
The International Crime Control Strategy (ICCS) addresses this
increasing threat by providing a framework for integrating all facets of
the federal government response to international crime.  This first-ever
strategy reflects the high priority accorded international crime by this
Administration and builds on such existing strategies as the National
Drug Control Strategy and the Presidential Directives on alien
smuggling, counter-terrorism and nuclear materials safety and security.
The ICCS is also an important initiative in terms of enhancing the
ability of U.S. law enforcement officials to cooperate effectively with
their overseas counterparts in investigating and prosecuting
international crime cases.  At the upcoming Birmingham Summit, G-8
leaders will discuss international crime as one of the most pressing
issues related to increasing globalization and rapid technological and
economic change.  President Clinton will highlight the new ICCS in
underscoring the U.S. commitment to close cooperation with all nations
who are mobilizing to confront this increasing threat.
The ICCS is a plan of action containing eight broad goals with thirty
implementing objectives.  The ICCS expresses President Clinton's resolve
to combat international crime aggressively and substantially reduce its
impact on the daily lives of the American people.
The Strategy's eight goals and related objectives are:
1.   Extend the First Line of Defense Beyond U.S. Borders by      (a) preventing acts of international crime planned abroad before      they occur, (b) using all available laws to prosecute select      criminal acts committed abroad, and (c) intensifying activities      of law enforcement, diplomatic and consular personnel abroad.
2.   Protect U.S. Borders by (a) enhancing our land border inspection,
     detection and monitoring capabilities, (b) improving the      effectiveness of maritime and air smuggling interdiction efforts,      (c) seeking new, stiffer criminal penalties for smuggling      activities, and (d) targeting enforcement and prosecutorial      resources more effectively against smuggling crimes and      organizations.
3.   Deny Safe Haven to International Criminals by (a) negotiating new
     international agreements to create a seamless web for the prompt
     location, arrest and extradition of international fugitives,      (b) implementing strengthened immigration laws that prevent      international criminals from entering the United States and      provide for their prompt expulsion when appropriate, and      (c) promoting increased cooperation with foreign law enforcement      authorities.
4.   Counter International Financial Crime by (a) combating money
     laundering and strengthening enforcement efforts to reduce inbound      and outbound movement of criminal proceeds, (b) seizing the assets      of international criminals, (c) enhancing bilateral and      multilateral cooperation against all financial crime, and      (d) targeting offshore centers of international fraud,      counterfeiting, electronic access device schemes and other      financial crimes.
5.   Prevent Criminal Exploitation of International Trade by (a)
     interdicting illegal technology exports, (b) preventing unfair and
     predatory trade practices in violation of U.S. criminal law, (c)
     protecting intellectual property rights, (d) countering industrial
     theft and economic espionage of U.S. trade secrets, and (e)      enforcing import restrictions on certain harmful substances,      dangerous organisms and protected species.
6.   Respond to Emerging International Crime Threats by (a) disrupting      new activities of international organized crime groups,      (b) enhancing intelligence efforts against criminal enterprises,      (c) reducing trafficking in human beings and crimes against      children, (d) increasing enforcement efforts against high tech      and computer-related crime, and (e) continuing to identify and      counter the vulnerabilities of critical infrastructures and new      technologies in high tech areas.
7.   Foster International Cooperation and the Rule of Law by      (a) establishing international standards, goals and objectives to      combat international crime and by actively encouraging compliance,      (b) improving bilateral cooperation with foreign governments and      law enforcement authorities, and (c) strengthening the rule of law      as the foundation for democratic government and free markets in      order to reduce societies' vulnerability to criminal exploitation.
8.   Optimize the Full Range of U.S. Efforts by (a) enhancing executive
     branch policy and operational coordination mechanisms to assess      the risks of criminal threats and to integrate strategies, goals      and objectives to combat those threats, (b) mobilizing and      incorporating the private sector into U.S. government efforts, and      (c) developing measures of effectiveness to assess progress over      time.
ICCS INITIATIVES
Highlighted below are ten Administration initiatives to further our efforts to fight international crime.
1.  International Crime Control Act of 1998:  Proposed legislation
containing significant new law enforcement tools for the fight against
international crime.
2.  Comprehensive Threat Assessment:  A comprehensive assessment of the
threat to the American people posed by international crime, to be completed within six months.
3.  International Conference on Upholding Integrity Among Justice and
Security Officials:  An international conference to address upholding
integrity among key justice and security officials worldwide, to be
organized by the Vice President within the next six months.
4.  High Tech Crime:  An action plan, building on the work of the G-8
justice and interior ministers and the creation of the U.S. National
Infrastructure Protection Center, to protect interconnected U.S.
communications and information systems from attack by international
5.  Border Law Enforcement:  A program to enhance border law enforcement
through deployment of advanced detection technology and investment of new resources.
6.  Financial Crimes:  A commitment to employ aggressively new tools to
deny criminals access to U.S. financial institutions and to enhance
enforcement efforts against financial crimes.
7.  International Asset Forfeiture and Sharing:  A U.S. call for new
criminal asset forfeiture regimes worldwide and new asset forfeiture
sharing agreements with our international partners.
8.  OAS Treaty Against Illicit Trafficking in Firearms:  A program to work with our OAS partners to implement fully a hemispheric convention to combat the illicit manufacturing of and trafficking in firearms, ammunition and explosives.
9.  Economic Espionage and Theft of Industrial Property:  A commitment to use the Economic Espionage Act to increase U.S. investigations and
prosecutions of individuals and companies who attempt to steal U.S.
proprietary information.
10.  Strategic Communications Plan:  A plan to engage the private sector in assessing the impact of international crime on that sector and in determining its appropriate role in countering this threat.

@_date: 1998-05-13 15:10:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Senate Intel Committee on Crypto 
funding for FY1999, May 7, 1998:
    The Committee remains concerned about efforts to inappropriately ease or remove export restrictions on hardware and software encryption products. Export controls on encryption and other products serve a clearly defined purpose--to protect our nation's security. Therefore, the Committee believes that the effects on U.S. national security must be the paramount concern when considering any proposed change to encryption export policy, and will seek referral of any legislation regarding encryption export policy under its jurisdiction established under Senate Resolution 400.
    Export restrictions on encryption products assist the Intelligence Community in its signals intelligence mission. By collecting and analyzing signals intelligence, U.S. intelligence agencies seek to understand the policies, intentions, and plans of foreign state and nonstate actors. Signals intelligence plays an important role in the formation of American foreign and defense policy. It is also a significant factor in U.S. efforts to protect its citizens and soldiers against terrorism, the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, narcotics trafficking, international crime and other threats to our nation's security.
    While the Committee recognizes the commercial interest in easing or removing export restrictions, it believes the safety of our citizens and soldiers should be the predominant concern when considering U.S. policy towards the export of any product. The Committee supports the continued control of encryption products, and believes that a comprehensive strategy on encryption export policy can and must be developed that addresses national security concerns as well as the promotion of American commercial interests abroad. The Committee looks forward to working with senior Administration officials in developing such a strategy.
Full report:      (94K)

@_date: 1998-05-14 09:12:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Public Key Royalties 
In a recent GAO report on governmental funding of university research
there is this note:
   In fiscal year 1996, the commercialization of the public key encryption    method, which was developed under grants from the Navy and NSF,    resulted in $271,875 in royalties to MIT.
Does this refer to RSA or PGP? Did the Navy underwrite RSA's PK work?
If so does the USG have a secret stake in PGP, Network Associates
and RSA?
More: did the Navy guide PK researchers based on the secret UK PK work before Diffie-Hellman?
The full report:
     (184K)

@_date: 1998-05-14 15:03:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SecureOffice Challenge 
Kathleen Ellis has announced on Cryptography that
she has put a copy of SecureOffice on her Web site
in support of Charles Boother and against the BXA subponea of his records concerning export of his
168-bit encryption program:
    We are pleased to join Kathleen by putting SecureOffice
on our site, with the thread on civil disobedience at:

@_date: 1998-05-16 13:20:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Idaho v. Horiuchi 
We offer the U.S. District Court's decision in Idaho v. Horiuchi to dismiss state charges against the FBI sniper/killer of Vicki    Grim reading of succinct description of the killing and gun
battle, and how the feds carefully protect their own from harm for punishing those foolish to challenge national might. The judge wisely notes his decision does not preclude
the possibility that other, federal, charges may be brought against Horiuchi and his supervisors. Some chance.
These are HTML conversions of scanned images from the Idaho District Court's impressive Web page at:
   All the documents filed in the case are online.

@_date: 1998-05-16 14:16:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Gunpowder taggant solution 
ATF published on May 1 its annual "1998 List of Explosive
Materials" subject to regulation under 18 U.S.C. Chapter 40,
Importation, Manufacture, Distribution and Storage of Explosive    This list of ingredients might be used to mis-tag home mixes -- or ID the mixers' traces on implements.

@_date: 1998-05-16 14:35:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Gunpowder taggant solution 
Correct URL for the ATF list of explosive materials is:

@_date: 1998-05-17 07:22:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: More Tools for ILEA 
NYT, May 17, 1998, on the Birmingham Summit:
G8 leaders spent considerable time discussing arrangements
for international cooperation in fighting cross-border crimes like money-laundering, computer fraud and arms smuggling.
In a communique, the leaders endrosed efforts to negotiate
a United Nations agreement to provide law enforcement
officials with more tools to fight international organized
They called for talks with the business community on an
international legal framework for obtaining computer data
as evidence in criminal cases, while preserving privacy
A pointer to the communique or other G8 reports from this
session would be welcomed.

@_date: 1998-05-18 04:28:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Under Digital Copyright Act 
Congressional Record: May 15, 1998 (Senate)
                    DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT ACT
  Mr. KYL. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about a section in the
Digital Millennium Copyright Act that I am particularly proud of, and
that is the law enforcement exception in the bill. At the Judiciary
Committee markup, Senator Grassley and I, along with the assistance of
Chairman Hatch and Senator Ashcroft worked to strengthen the law
enforcement exception in the bill. We received input on the language
from the copyright community and the administration: the National
Security Agency (NSA), the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), the
Departments of Commerce and Justice, and the Office of Management and
Budget (OMB).
  The law enforcement exception ensures that the government continues
to have access to current and future technologies to assist in their
investigative, protective, or intelligence activities. I am concerned
that the tools and resources of our intelligence and law enforcement
communities are preserved--and more importantly, not limited, by
passage of S. 2037. Under that bill, a company who contracts with the
government can continue to develop encryption/decryption devices under
that contract, without having to worry about criminal penalties.
  Because much of our leading technologies come from the private
sector, the government needs to have access to this vital resource for
intelligence and law enforcement purposes.
  The law enforcement exception recognizes that oftentimes governmental
agencies work with non-governmental entities--companies, in order to
have access to and develop cutting edge technologies and devices. Such
conduct should not be prohibited or impeded by this copyright
                          ____________________
Digital Millenium Copyright Act:
     (162K)

@_date: 1998-05-18 10:37:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: German Phone Cards Hacked 
Forwarded from Europe:
May 18, 1998
Telephone card fraud in the millions of dollars.
Hackers from the Netherlands have inundated the German market with illegally
recharged telephone cards, causing losses in the several millions of marks
(millions of dollars), stated the weekly Focus, due out Monday.
In breaking the telephone cards' code, the hackers succeeded in recharging
cards emptied of their credit.
The German association of tobacconist wholesalers assesses losses at 60
million marks (33 million dollars), reports Focus.
The con men bought used cards by the thousands from collectors. As a
result, their intitial price of five pfenning (2.7 cents) per card quickly
rose to one mark (55 cents).
According to experts cited by Focus, the recharged cards, which the
pirates resold at a lesser or equivalent price, are impossible to
distinguish from those purchased legitimately.
Card producers intend to stop this illegal commerce thanks to a new software
program allowing used cards to be electronically marked, the weekly believes.
[Translation by DN]
Escroquerie de plusieurs millions de dollars par cartes tlphoniques
Des pirates informatiques nerlandais ont inond le march allemand avec
des cartes tlphoniques recharges illgalement, causant un prjudice
de plusieurs millions de marks (plusieurs millions de dollars), affirme
l'hebdomadaire Focus  paratre lundi.
En forant le systme de codage des cartes tlphoniques, les pirates
ont russi  recharger des cartes vides de leurs units.
L'association allemande des grossistes et dbitants de tabac chiffre le
prjudice  60 millions de marks (33 millions de dollars), rapporte
Les escrocs achetaient des cartes usages par milliers auprs de
collectionneurs. Leur prix initial de cinq pfennig (2,7 cents) par carte
est de ce fait rapidement mont  prs d'un mark (55 cents).
Selon des experts cits par Focus, les cartes recharges, que les
pirates revendaient  un moindre prix ou au mme prix, sont impossibles
 diffrencier de celles dment achetes.
Les fabricants de cartes entendent stopper ce commerce illgal grce 
un nouveau programme informatique (software) permettant de marquer
lectroniquement les cartes usages, croit savoir l'hebdomadaire.

@_date: 1998-05-19 04:39:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: German Phone Cards Hacked 
See English version of German article yesterday on Dutch hack of phone cards:

@_date: 1998-05-19 04:57:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: G8 on High Tech Crime 
Ross Anderson and Ulf Mller have provided URLs
for the recent communique from the Brimingham G8 summit on "principles and action plan" for fighting high tech crime:

@_date: 1998-05-19 20:17:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Chaum's patent on traceable payment systems 
Chaum's "limited-traceability" patent includes other features
which directly counterbalance those of the Abstract accurately posted by Anonymous.  We've transcribed the initial sections of the
17-page patent which provide a fuller view of what his system      It's an interesting, nuanced proposal, from 1994, which helps
explain some of the strategy he's been keeping close to his chest until patent approval, and which may portend more provocative designs in the pipeline for outfoxing the keepers
of the chickens.

@_date: 1998-05-21 12:34:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Archives: Blast from the past on GSM... 
Are you imagining "limited traceability" being discovered to be not what
it claims to be?
It was humorous that several of Chaum's equations were printed upside down and/or mirror-imaged, yet got through the 4-year review process just fine. He must have chuckled at that.
And that several "embodiments of the present invention" just flat out
said "if you trust this digital transaction you are one dumb MF who deserves to be monitored,"  thereby assuring the user of his invention
that a target is just as dumb.
It's impressive that Chaum intends to fleece the law-abiding and the outlaws by getting them chasing their tails thinking they're secretly tracing/escaping the opposition while he laughs all the way to the . . .
Y2K is the tip of this techno-shamanry-duplicity, wild humor with a
straight-bankers-face, umm, like guess who -- our best Chaumian style

@_date: 1998-05-22 16:24:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Clinton Backs Cyber-Terror Warnings 
May 22, 1998
Clinton Backs Cyber-Terror Warnings
Filed at 1:31 p.m. EDT
By The Associated Press
ANNAPOLIS, Md. (AP) -- Nuclear warheads were the stuff of Cold War
stockpiles and beachheads the battlefields of times gone by. To counter
today's threats, President Clinton told a new class of Naval officers, the
United States must amass germ-warfare vaccines and battle terrorists in
cyberspace. ``If our children are to grow up safe and free, we must approach these new
21st century threats with the same rigor and determination we applied to the
toughest security challenges of this century,'' the president said today in
a commencement speech at the U.S. Naval Academy. For the 769 graduating midshipmen and 139 midshipwomen whose dress uniforms
shone blindingly white in the sun, Clinton painted a near-apocalyptic
picture of the enemies who threatened their mission beyond the academy. ``As we approach the 21st century, our foes have extended the fields of
battle from physical space to cyberspace, from the world's vast bodies of
water to the complex workings of our own human body. Rather than invading
our beaches or launching bombers, these adversaries may attempt cyber
attacks against our critical military systems and our economic base,''
Clinton said. Clinton also called for an interconnected ``cyber-system'' that would warn
and minimize damage of attacks on computers that control the stock market,
banking, utilities, air traffic and other so-called ``critical
infrastructure.'' Private companies including IBM, Dell Computers, Bell South and GTE have
already agreed to participate in the ``cyber-system,'' which Clinton wants
to be fully operational by 2003, administration officials said. ``If we fail to take strong action, then terrorists, criminals and hostile
regimes could invade and paralyze these vital systems, disrupting commerce,
threatening health, weakening our capacity to function in a crisis,''
Clinton said. He appointed National Security Council adviser Richard Clarke, who
specializes in such issues as drug trafficking and terrorism, to head a new
office on infrastructure protection and counter-terrorism. Former Sen. Sam
Nunn and Jamie Gorelick, formerly the Justice Department's No. 2 official
and now Fannie Mae's vice chairwoman, will lead a private industry advisory
group. [Warnings of bio-terrorism snipped]

@_date: 1998-05-22 17:28:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Clinton's Anti-Terrorism Initiative 
We've collected news and White House reports on Clinton's broad anti-terrorism initiative announced today,
including description of two related Presidential Directives:
     (50K)

@_date: 1998-05-22 17:44:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Sets Terms for Secret Court Review 
The US Attorney in the Payne v. NSA lawsuit has described
the procedure NSA requires for the case judge to assess NSA's "Glomar response" with a Top Secret-SCI-CODEWORD declaration concerning Crypto AG, NSA backdoor spying on cryptosystems, and other underhanded interceptions:

@_date: 1998-05-22 19:14:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PDD 63 
We've made an HTML version of Presidential Decision
Directive 63 which details Clinton's anti-terrorism orders
to federal agencies today:
     (39K)

@_date: 1998-05-23 06:31:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: E-Commerce Enhancement Act 
Excerpt from statement on introduction of S.2107, "Electronic
Commerce Enhancement Act," May 21, 1998 :
 The most important benefit of this legislation, however, lies in the
area of electronic innovation. Currently, digital encryption is in a
relatively undeveloped state. One reason for that is the lack of
opportunity for many individuals and companies to make use of the
technology. Another is the lack of a set industry standard. By allowing
use of this technology in the filling out of government paperwork, and
by establishing a standard for digital encryption, the federal
government can open the gates to quick, efficient development of this
technology, as well as its more application throughout the economy. The
benefits to American businesses as they struggle to establish paper-
free workplaces that will lower administrative costs, will be
significant, and will further spur our national economy.
Full statement:

@_date: 1998-05-28 05:14:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Public Key Royalties 
Hi John:
(Bayh-Dole Act) funding for US research universities in which documented
MIT's 1996 revenues from the commercialization of public key crypto. In an
accompanying note, you raised a few questions about the historical
background of PKC that I thought a deserved response.
plots that it behooves those of us who try to track the history of the
industry to keep a grip on simple historical fact whenever we can.

@_date: 1998-05-28 06:27:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USG to Sue Other Wintel 
New York Times reports today that the FTC is shortly
to file a major anti-trust suit against Intel, "charging
the company with abusing its position as the dominant
manufacturer of mircoprocessor chips."

@_date: 1998-05-28 12:51:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Asymmetric Warfare 
980734.  Special operations commander outlines future threats
by Capt. John Paradis
16th Special Operations Wing Public Affairs
HURLBURT FIELD, Fla. (AFNS) -- More Chechnyas.  If a military strategist
needed to look at a good model for the typical future conflict, the war
torn republic of Chechnya comes to mind, said Gen. Peter J. Schoomaker,
U.S. Special Operations Command commander in chief.
Speaking recently to about 2,000 Hurlburt Field troops at the 55th
Aircraft Maintenance Unit hangar, Schoomaker said the only certainty in
the future of warfare is that security challenges will be more ambiguous
and will follow less traditional paths.
Looking at Chechnya as an example of future conflict, confrontation will
likely differ from the more conventional and familiar "total war" by the
inclination of future adversaries to use "psychological terror" and the
influence of international media, the Internet and even cell phones to
employ open brutality as an information warfare tactic.
Russian President Boris Yeltsin, determined to crush the secessionist
drive of the tiny, mainly Muslim southern republic, ordered about 40,000
troops into Chechnya in December 1994.  What was planned as a quick
campaign turned into a long and costly war, in which the outnumbered
rebels time and again dealt heavy blows to a demoralized Russian
It's such "asymmetric" opponents like separatists, rebel groups,
insurgents and terrorists that U.S. special operations forces will need
to prepare for -- enemies who won't attack U.S. strategic strengths, but
will instead target U.S. vulnerabilities by executing unorthodox
measures to gain success, Schoomaker said.
"That's the future.  More Chechnyas," the general said.   "We are going
to see more conflict of this nature because it's a much different world
we're facing."

@_date: 1998-05-30 17:11:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BXA's KR Agents, NSA's Cult 
BXA published yesterday its guidelines for getting approval
as a Key Recovery Agent:
   The House Select Committee on Intelligence "has concluded that very large changes in the National Security Agency's culture and method of operations need to take place ... and that NSA will not meet its Unified Cryptologic Architecture (UCA) goals without tackling head-on some very fundamental internal Even so, as others earlier noted here, the Committee has
ruled out lifting encryption export controls.

@_date: 1998-11-01 21:14:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TEMPEST laptops 
The rationale of the FOIA to NSA for TEMPEST docs is that
due to increased public awareness of that technology,
the manufacturers of classified TEMPEST products and services are chomping at the bit to sell them to a broader
public market -- as with other dual-use technology like
We were asked to make the FOIA by those who've gotten
what they can from the many sources listed at Joel McNamara's
TEMPEST site -- which show that the market is growing but
is still hampered by classified restrictions:
   Yes, it's improbably that NSA will release all the docs requested
but perhaps some will be shaken loose, again as with other
once classified technology like crypto. In part because of
rising public awareness, in part because of manufacturers'
desire, in part because NSA will have developed more advanced technology.
Tim has heretofore advised on TEMPEST measures and the
latest are useful, and correspond to what's available in the
commercial market and what is available in mil/gov pubs --
many listed at Joel's site.
We are working on our desktop model with a manufacturer
who supplies RF-protected glass for government and industry
rooms as well as for entire buildings. We figure that if we can
make a workable model, we'll be able to use to demonstrate
to our clients why TEMPEST protection is needed and how it
can be accomplished in an elegant design manner, paralleling
demonstrations used by the glass manufacturer to substantiate
claims for his products.
One of the many things that keeps techies from getting the public's
money is being unable to convince the buyer that the invention
is truly desirable. Thus comes the marketer, who has skills of
invention of another sort to charm the skeptical consumer that
this baby has got to be a part of his/her life -- like fancy homes,
medical care, insurance cars, clothing, foods, weapons, bibles, and, above all, national security.
So a mongerer's brew is needed to peddle these inessentials,
composed of seriousness, humor, terror, lies and pretended
guilelessness, the practices of anyone doing well or doing badly, indeed, humans going about whatever they do to fill up the void.
BTW, the best technology is nearly always going to be classified, with sky high prices paid for by gullible citizens to calm their manufactured terrors (the religion model, once churches and temples
now weapons and satellites; once the priest/architect hustle, now
that of the the NatSec wonk/scientist), so the commercial market is only going to offer less than the best, the declassified waste products, while selling it as "The Best."
So we're seeking the crumbs from the NatSec table. And will use
what we get or don't get in our marketing campaign, having learned
the immortally favorite scheme: a mix of fact, fiction and fixation
on getting people to trust the seller, not the always waste promise.
But Tim knows that, practices that like a master, makes bundles.
And I always take him seriously, believe everything he says, and
admire his deadpan sense of humor more than anything else. Been
threatened by him, too, if I don't, all in accord with the NatSec madness
of our era.

@_date: 1998-11-02 09:52:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NOT the Orange Book 
Paul Merrill, the author of "NOT the Orange Book," has
provided a digital version of his "Guide to the Definition, Specification, Tasking, and Documentation for the Development of Secure Computer Systems -- Including Condensations of the Members of the Rainbow Series and Related Documents:"      (385K)
     (92K)
This is Paul's 1992 manual prepared while working for DoD to evaluate and purchase secure computer systems,
for ADP, C4I and weapons, and to compensate for the shortcomings of the official regulations. It's still widely used, Paul says, for the unending conflict between DoD, NSA, DIA and defense contractors about
how to develop and assure computer security from lab rat
pipedream to the warfighter's "wha's this piece of shit."
Section IV, Case Studies, is a wonder at describing what
to do when perfect design goes to hell in the field, and a pissed warrior who's comm's been compromised got a K-Bar sawing your apple, roaring "tech support, now!"

@_date: 1998-11-03 10:29:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bic-Assassins Convicted (fwd) 
Jim Choate asked:
Apparently the charges would have been the same if made against any   "person within the United States, and the results of such   use affect interstate or foreign commerce or, in the case   of a threat, attempt, or conspiracy, would have affected   interstate or foreign commerce." (see below)
The use of E-mail was incidental to the charges of both conspiracy and threatening to use weapons of mass destruction:
  18:2332(a)(2) and (c)(2)(C). Conspiracy to use a weapon   of mass destruction against person(s) w/in the U.S.   the results of which affected interstate & foreign   commerce.  Offense dates:  3/24/98 - 6/30/98.  Penalty:    Any term of years or for life, $250,000, 5 yrs SRT.  (1)
  18:2332a(a)(2) and (c)(2)(C) and 2.  Threatening to use a
  weapon of mass destruction. Offense date:  6/26/98
  Penalty:  any term of years or Proceedings include all events.
  for life, $250,000, 5 yrs SRT as to ea ct. (2 - 8)
The eight counts are for the one count of conspiracy and
threats against seven federal agencies ("employees and
  The President
  ATF
  FBI
  DEA
  IRS
  Secret Service
  Custom Service
The crimes are defined in 18 USC 2332a, below.
Source: TITLE 18 - CRIMES AND CRIMINAL PROCEDURE
PART I - CRIMES
CHAPTER 113B - TERRORISM
Sec. 2332a. Use of weapons of mass destruction
 (a) Offense Against a National of the United States or Within the
United States. - A person who, without lawful authority, uses,
threatens, or attempts or conspires to use, a weapon of mass
destruction, including any biological agent, toxin, or vector (as
those terms are defined in section 178) -
   (2) against any person within the United States, and the
  results of such use affect interstate or foreign commerce or, in
  the case of a threat, attempt, or conspiracy, would have affected
  interstate or foreign commerce;
 (c) Definitions. - For purposes of this section -
   (2) the term ''weapon of mass destruction'' means -
      (A) any destructive device as defined in section 921 of this
     title;
      (B) any weapon that is designed or intended to cause death or
     serious bodily injury through the release, dissemination, or
     impact of toxic or poisonous chemicals, or their precursors;
      (C) any weapon involving a disease organism; or
      (D) any weapon that is designed to release radiation or
     radioactivity at a level dangerous to human life.
CHAPTER 10 - BIOLOGICAL WEAPONS
Sec. 178. Definitions
  As used in this chapter -
    (1) the term ''biological agent'' means any micro-organism,
  virus, infectious substance, or biological product that may be
  engineered as a result of biotechnology, or any naturally
  occurring or bioengineered component of any such microorganism,
  virus, infectious substance, or biological product, capable of
  causing -
      (A) death, disease, or other biological malfunction in a
    human, an animal, a plant, or another living organism;
      (B) deterioration of food, water, equipment, supplies, or
    material of any kind; or
      (C) deleterious alteration of the environment;
    (2) the term ''toxin'' means the toxic material of plants,
  animals, microorganisms, viruses, fungi, or infectious
  substances, or a recombinant molecule, whatever its origin or
  method of production, including -
      (A) any poisonous substance or biological product that may be
    engineered as a result of biotechnology produced by a living
    organism; or
      (B) any poisonous isomer or biological product, homolog, or
    derivative of such a substance;
    (3) the term ''delivery system'' means -
      (A) any apparatus, equipment, device, or means of delivery
    specifically designed to deliver or disseminate a biological
    agent, toxin, or vector; or
      (B) any vector;
    (4) the term ''vector'' means a living organism, or molecule,
  including a recombinant molecule, or biological product that may
  be engineered as a result of biotechnology, capable of carrying a
  biological agent or toxin to a host; and
    (5) the term ''national of the United States'' has the meaning
  prescribed in section 101(a)(22) of the Immigration and
  Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(22)).
Crime of 18 USC 2 not shown.

@_date: 1998-11-05 01:07:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYC Smartcards Die 
Chase, Visa and Mastercard have closed down their
smartcard trial on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, the NYT reports today.
It also says Mondex has closed its Swindon trial.
The problem in NY is that the system was too cumbersome
to use, needing special readers that were not always up to
snuff, compared to the familiar and reliable system for credit cards. Bribing users with start up cash didn't work either.
No one ever reloaded their cards. Not all merchants took them,
especially those handling only cash transactions.
Also, the cards could not be used outside the trial area, and
the paper says, "everybody leaves the Upper West Side,"
without saying where they go to kill time for the day like
out of work Koreans who dare not admit the sublimity
of being jobless at long last -- money cannot buy the joy.
Spokespersons say that they misjudged the customer's desire
for cash-like freedom and anonymity (my words). That the best prospect for smartcard future lies in captive users such as college campuses and the military where they expect an all-purpose card will catch on by providing handy ID and money, as well as (unsaid) perfect monitoring and data-gathering.
I'll keep my $12-balance card (never found a place to accept it) on the chance that it will be a valuable collector's item for the Edsel Electronic Opium Museum.
And we never leave the Upper West Side, well, once, to go to
the Harvard Club for a swell DCSNY. Great group, grim dump.

@_date: 1998-11-05 01:57:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CJ Legal Defense 
Larry Dowling, an Austin attorney participating in CJ's
legal defense, has engaged me to gather information
for CJ's defense. This message and any related
correspondence with me is protected as "attorney privileged information." Larry, who does not use E-mail, has asked me to
obtain the following information for forwarding to
him (Plaintext and ciphertext welcomed; PK below.
Your choice as to posting responses to cpunks.)
1. How many people who saw the CJ posting cited by the IRS as a death threat against federal officials took it as a serious threat? See the IRS complaint at:
   2. If you answer "yes" to the question 1, then in your
opinion are you of sound mind?
3. How many people are willing to help CJ's defense by
answering questions and testify concerning his postings?
4. How many cypherpunks (and others) are willing to attend a trial for CJ in Washington State if the government proceeds to trial?
For verification of this message here's Larry's contact:
Larry J. Dowling
Attorney at Law
606 West Eleventh Street
Austin, Texas 78701-2007
Tel: (512) 476-8885
Fax: (512) 476-9918
My contact:
John Young
251 West 89th Street, Suite 6E
New York, NY 1002
Tel: (212) 873-8700
Fax: (212) 799-4003
There are John Young  PGP 2.X PKeys on the servers. Here's PGP5.5:
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: PGPfreeware 5.5.2 for non-commercial use -----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1998-11-05 08:34:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Project 415 
Paul Dore, a British engineer involved in SETI research
who had picked up signals from a secret NSA/GCHQ intelligence satellite and believed them to be from outer space, was asked by the agencies on November 2 to cease and desist publishing his findings and to cancel a planned press conference to tell his latest news, or face
punishment under the Official Secrets Act. The agencies said the satellite was part of "Project 415."    This was noted here a few days ago, but that was before
Paul's description of the agencies' visit to his home
was pulled from its original URL, along with related files
which described his findings as well as confirmations by other researchers:
   A Project 415 (maybe the same) was first reported by Duncan Campbell in a 1988 article in The New Statesman, in which he
also gave the first public description of ECHELON:
   It may not be related to Paul Dore's situation but Duncan's
article has had some 9,000 downloads in the last 24 hours.
Anyone seen a news report on the topic?
Thanks to KF for the lead.

@_date: 1998-11-05 23:40:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US Cyberthreat Policy 
The USIA E-journal, Foreign Policy Agenda, for November
is titled "Cyberthreat: Protecting US Information Networks."
It has articles by the head of NSA, DoD's Hamre, CIAO's Hunker,
Y2K Office's Koskinen, Senator Kyl, and reps from Microsoft, IBM and others:
  Martin Libicki of RAND criticizes the administration's crypto
policy for hindering widespread information protection:

@_date: 1998-11-06 07:48:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Project 415 
Duncan Campbell says he doubts the Paul Dore
story has anything to do with P415/Echelon, which
is a collection system not a satellite. Moreover, the
description of a "deep space" satellite does not fit
the the known parameters of those that gather intelligence. Might be a completely new type but that's
a stretch.
One article Anonymous posted says Paul Dore denies having anything to do with the Web page we cited here as having been removed.
Another says the SETI people are pissed about the incident, one saying it has set SETI's credibility back "by a 100 years."
Still unexplained is the reason for the now 11,000 downloads
of Duncan's 1988 article on P451/Echelon in the last 36 hours. Could be an alien bot, pissed at being awakened by SETI putzes' screen savers.

@_date: 1998-11-07 01:20:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FCC Wiretap Rule 
FCC has issued its Notice of Proposed Rulemaking on CALEA wiretap provisions, approved on October 22:
     (243K)
     (67K)
Lengthy discussion of petitioners (CDT, EFF, telcos, others) objections and FBI's responses.

@_date: 1998-11-09 00:07:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Spy News 
NYT reports today on a new book, "Blind Man's Bluff,"
which reports on the US's success at placing surveillance devices on Soviet subsea communications cables around the world. With much technical detail about how it was done, beginning with the simple but overlooked idea of locating shoreline warning signs about undersea cables then tracking from there.
The devices, some up to 20 feet long for housing elaborate processing equipment, captured electronic emanations, thereby eluding detection measures aimed at physical taps. One was found by the Soviets but  most were not and much information on the program is still classified.
AT&T and Bell labs built many of them. The US Navy will not comment on the book, citing national security restrictions.
The Times also has an obituary for Tommy Flowers, the gent who guided construction of Colossus machines at Bletchley Park to break top-level German codes during WW II.
There's still interesting debate about the Paul Dore story of
picking up signals from space, which he first thought were from
aliens, but which seems more likely to be from a surveillance
satellite, and possibly from a type not publicly known. Not enough
data yet to show that the story is not a hoax, or disinformation by
US/UK spy agencies, but it has led to informative discussion of what such signals could indicate. Notes on this at:
   More commentary welcome, here or privately.
Some will recall a vigorous discussion here a few years back
about listening in on US undersea cables, commencing at the
landfall points (dense packs of them here in the NYC area), many handily marked on coastal seafaring maps.
Or, for more up-to-date technology, setting a receiver to point in
the direction of those on TLA bases (needing an x-ray of the
concealing radome).

@_date: 1998-11-12 01:29:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cylink Sued for Stock Fraud 
Business Wire reported yesterday that Cylink has been
sued in US District Court of New Jersey for securities
fraud through a class action. It alleges misrepresentation and false financial statements.
   On November 5 Cylink announced revised revenues
for the first half of 1998. The day before William Crowell, ex-NSA, was appointed president in a house sweep of the executive team, apparently after discovery of book William Perry, ex-DoD, is still listed on the board of
directors, although the list seems to be out of date,
along with the annual report and letter to stockholders
on Cylink's Web site.

@_date: 1998-11-13 12:24:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Rivest Patent 
Ron Rivest received on November 10 "US Patent 5835600: Block encryption algorithm with data-dependent rotations:"
     (22K)

@_date: 1998-11-14 02:07:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Info Age Crime Terror and War 
Senator Kyl has issued a long report, "Crime, Terror &
War: National Security and Public Safety in the Information
Age," which recounts his Subcommittee's hearings and recommendations on encryption, Y2K, terrorism, info war,
domestic preparedness, wiretap, and more:
     (97K)
It describes a plan to combat threats to critical infrastructure
and the US homeland which, if implemented, would criminalize
much held dear to a few of this list's subscribers; other lurkers
will be overjoyed to read Kyl coming to the rescue of careers and budgets of MIB and their suppliers of technological of
political control. He wants DoD to get cracking on domestic protection, move over piddling LEA. Civil liberties, nonsense. Crypto genie out of the bottle, more nonsense. Getting government access to encrypted communications, you bet. Through commercial products, yep.
Thanks to FT for forwarding.

@_date: 1998-11-15 02:20:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Will Price (NAI employee) on KRA 
Thanks for your message.  Sometimes it takes a day or two to get through all my email.  I will get back to you, or have someone from our company get back to you, as quickly as I can.   Thanks for your patience.  If you need to speak with someone immediately, please call our corporate offices at 408 988-3832 [called, got voicemail: closed until Monday.].  If you need to contact me by phone, see the contact information on my web page at In December 1997 my company, Pretty Good Privacy Inc, was acquired by McAfee Associates, which is now known as Network Associates [ref. kra.org].
If you haven't seen it already, you should take a look at the latest version of PGP, version 6, available in both commercial and freeware forms, for Windows and Mac, available for Web downloading from our company's web site at The best site with the best all-around information about PGP, including
frequently asked questions, is  which is in Norway.  They have information on where to get PGP if you live outside of the US or Canada, for commercial or freeware use.  They also provide pointers into our own domestic web site here to help you easily find where to get the latest versions of PGP in the US, for business or freeware.  They also tell you how to download the PGP source code for peer review, and where to get the Unix versions.  You can also download PGPfone from there.
-Philip Zimmermann

@_date: 1998-11-15 02:27:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Will Price (NAI employee) on KRA 
On his most recent speaking tour of Europe, at which he promoted PGP v 6, Phil Zimmermann assured us categorically that NAI had at
his insistence withdrawn from the KRA.
It now appears that either (1) he lied to us (2) he was himself
lied to by NAI management or (3) NAI has rejoined.
You marketed version 6 of your product on the back of a claim that
you'd left the KRA. Yet NAI is now listed on the KRA website as a
member, and this is clearly doing your product material harm. Either
it's not true that you're a member, in which case your lawyers will be
able to extract so much money from KRA that it goes out of business,
whereupon the world will cheer and buy your product, or it is true, in
which case the damage will continue.
There is a deeper issue for the community here. For many years we have
tended to trust products because we know the technical people
involved. This has been the foundation for trust of other kinds. For
example, some years ago, a certain country's foreign ministry asked me
for a reference on Entrust prior to buying their products; my response
was that I knew both Paul van Oorschot and Mike Wiener, and in my
opinion they were both very competent. As a result of this, purchasing
decisions may have been taken with a significant effect on national
intelligence, economic competitiveness and even military preparedness.
As the country in question is a NATO member, its diplomatic comsec (or
lack of it) affects the UK directly.
Now, in one weekend, we have two cases where assurances from credible
technical people turned out to be unsatisfactory. Where does that
leave us?
Since I gave that reference for Entrust, the University here has
tightened up on liability. We must take care not to give references
that are untruthful or even misleading. We are urged to err on the
side of caution. So next time a foreign ministry asks me whether
Entrust products are kosher, I probably have to reply:
`You cannot prudently trust any third party to sell you trustworthy
comsec products. Recall Britain's selling old Enigmas to allies in the
Commonwealth; think of the fuss over red-threading; check out the
trapdoor in Sesame; and read up on key escrow. The only way you can
get good kit is if you build it yourself.  If you don't have the
skills, then I suggest you get some bright graduates to check out our
PhD programme - see '
A very traditional view of the world. Has nothing really changed since
the 1960's?
Message-Id: <199811141455.OAA30151 at server.eternity.org>
This comment on NAI's KRA(P) membership by Will Price
, a crypto type who works for PGP was forwarded to the
ukcrypto list by Ian Goodyer (uk-crypto list admin).  Not sure where
it was posted originally, or perhaps Will asked Ian to forwarded it.
Hash: SHA1
I've commented about this on this list before I believe.  This appears
to be a case of really old news suddenly being dredged up for no
apparent wholesome reason -- which strikes me as quite odd because
Wired was apparently so eager to break this ancient story that they
didn't wait to ask anyone from NAI about it.
NAI being listed on the KRA page is *solely* a result of our TIS
acquisition.  I really doubt anyone here actually called some KRA
person and officially renewed our membership.  Frankly, I doubt anyone
here actually knows who to talk to there -- if there even is a
"there".  As I have said before, due to the TIS acquisition, NAI now
has a bunch of products which contain key escrow features. Eliminating or modifying these features such that they work in a less
big brother-like fashion will take significant time -- indeed entire
TIS products were based around managing key escrow infrastructures. Don't get me wrong, TIS had a lot of other great products, but it will
take time to redesign and rethink some of them in the context of
export and key escrow.  I'm not sure there's much point in withdrawing
from KRA when those products still exist.
These issues have no effect whatsoever on the PGP group.  As always,
we continue to publish full source code which effectively solves all
the export issues for us.
Perhaps the

@_date: 1998-11-15 10:34:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA on OS Flaws 
An NSA team presented at NISSC98 in October
"The Inevitability of Failure: The Flawed Assumption of Security in Modern Computing Environments:"
    (62K)
  Abstract
  Although public awareness of the need for security in   computing systems is growing rapidly, current efforts   to provide security are unlikely to succeed. Current   security efforts suffer from the flawed assumption   that adequate security can be provided in applications   with the existing security mechanisms of mainstream   operating systems. In reality, the need for secure   operating systems is growing in todays computing   environment due to substantial increases in connectivity   and data sharing. The goal of this paper is to motivate   a renewed interest in secure operating systems so that   future security efforts may build on a solid foundation.   This paper identifies several secure operating system   features which are lacking in mainstream operating   systems, argues that these features are necessary to   adequately protect general application-space security   mechanisms, and provides concrete examples of how   current security solutions are critically dependent on   these features.
  Keywords: secure operating systems, mandatory security,   trusted path, Java, Kerberos, IPSEC, SSL, firewalls.
The paper advocates greater research on vulnerabilities
of operating systems which allow malicious attackers to
circumvent application-level security, including cryptographic protection. Ways to get around hardware
and software crypto are outlined.
Covert channels are a prime concern, as well as benign
use inadverdently allowing malicious intrusion.
An extensive list of references trace the twenty-five year history of OS flaws and examine why so little has been done to correct known deficiencies which undermine seemingly unbreachable applications.
Readings about DTOS, Fluke, Flash and other developments
of the NSA-sponsored Synergy program are illuminating.
The recent republication of early compsec documents by
CSRC is appropriate to this topic, particularly, "Subversion:
The Neglected Aspect of Computer Security," by Philip Myer,
June 1980, a thesis at NPS:
   Not that NSA would ever exploit OS weaknesses not warned Thanks to JM/RH for pointing to the NISSC papers.

@_date: 1998-11-16 01:43:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Non Explosive Weapons 
Richard Danzig, new Navy Secretary, op-eds in the
NYT today about the threat of "Non Explosive Weapons (NEW)," posed by WMD and information warfare.
    He terms them "weapons of mass disruption" which
may lead to mass panic and will require the military and
law enforcement agencies to unite in a new kind of
US national defense, while, you bet, at the same time obeying law against domestic military operations.
In passing, he notes that the military has encryption
to protect itself against information attacks but that the
public and infrastructure does not. Cavalry to the
Danzig's message is remarkably similar to the Kyl report
noted here a few days ago, and may indicate what's
long been coming in the way of deploying military
forces while falsely proclaiming Posse Comitatus
is being fulfilled. Or that the law is about to be
changed to meet the urgent threats of the Info Age,
media-decorted, to be sure, like WMD Freddy
or our own media-terrifying Toto.
Bruce Hoffman's recently published "Inside Terrorism," lays out the full panoply of outlaw and lawful terrorism, by groups and nations, cults and religions. Like the "Thugs" of India who killed 1 million over 1200 years -- an impressive persistence.
Hoffman claims that terrorism works in most cases. The reasons
why have been discussed here, though not his depth and
range of successes. And that the military seldom knows what
to do about it except to engage in even greater terrorism itself,
particularly against perceived supporters of the enemy.
That's food for thought for those calling for military protection
at home, whether by the military or the increasingly militarized
and armed LEAs and support agencies.
This linkage of WMD terrrorism and information threats appears to be the policy strategy to demonize information
in order to criminalize it. "Information threats" under this policy does not mean anything protected by the 1A or
WTO copyright, see how it works, is that clear motherfucker, do you need a missile in the head to get the point you fucking terrorist, read the NEWs, this aint TV Cops, Joe 6-Pack, it's high-tech GI Joe sapping your bunker, night-vision video rolling, family suicide by Semtex.

@_date: 1998-11-16 01:43:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Non Explosive Weapons 
Richard Danzig, new Navy Secretary, op-eds in the
NYT today about the threat of "Non Explosive Weapons (NEW)," posed by WMD and information warfare.
    He terms them "weapons of mass disruption" which
may lead to mass panic and will require the military and
law enforcement agencies to unite in a new kind of
US national defense, while, you bet, at the same time obeying law against domestic military operations.
In passing, he notes that the military has encryption
to protect itself against information attacks but that the
public and infrastructure does not. Cavalry to the
Danzig's message is remarkably similar to the Kyl report
noted here a few days ago, and may indicate what's
long been coming in the way of deploying military
forces while falsely proclaiming Posse Comitatus
is being fulfilled. Or that the law is about to be
changed to meet the urgent threats of the Info Age,
media-decorted, to be sure, like WMD Freddy
or our own media-terrifying Toto.
Bruce Hoffman's recently published "Inside Terrorism," lays out the full panoply of outlaw and lawful terrorism, by groups and nations, cults and religions. Like the "Thugs" of India who killed 1 million over 1200 years -- an impressive persistence.
Hoffman claims that terrorism works in most cases. The reasons
why have been discussed here, though not his depth and
range of successes. And that the military seldom knows what
to do about it except to engage in even greater terrorism itself,
particularly against perceived supporters of the enemy.
That's food for thought for those calling for military protection
at home, whether by the military or the increasingly militarized
and armed LEAs and support agencies.
This linkage of WMD terrrorism and information threats appears to be the policy strategy to demonize information
in order to criminalize it. "Information threats" under this policy does not mean anything protected by the 1A or
WTO copyright, see how it works, is that clear motherfucker, do you need a missile in the head to get the point you fucking terrorist, read the NEWs, this aint TV Cops, Joe 6-Pack, it's high-tech GI Joe sapping your bunker, night-vision video rolling, family suicide by Semtex.

@_date: 1998-11-16 09:04:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Could E.M. Cordian be Matt Blaze in Disguise? (Nah!) 
Ye gods, Robert, what'd you do to Vin, told TRW the facts of his Ponzi,
sent his name to the IRS assassin bot with e-$3, broadcast his secret key,
revealed his criminal nyms, told his deadbeat kids where he really hides, scrambled his biometrics so he'd never access offshore stashes, crayoned his sweetie's moniker, skills and number on John Glenn's
overalls, or merely plonked, readied, aimed as is the privilege of demigodish ganglia atwitching.

@_date: 1998-11-19 00:34:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CJ Update 
Received today by e-mail:
November 16, 1998
Springfield, Missouri
Outlaw (name of his last album)
I saw CJ today at the Springfield facility for the
criminally disturbing. We spent five hours, a lot of
laughing, a little crying, and talking, with lots of
cameras and mikes on us. The controllers would not
let me take notes!
First, CJ's great hope and request to his friends is
to hang in there with him. He intends to go all the
way with this to trial, being his own defense lawyer,
even though he believes that since the Feds know they
will lose, they will try to get him to plea bargain
down to "walking his dog without a leash" as he puts
it. He is definitely on a mission.  He received
John's package, nothing from Declan. He has received
about half the mail I sent him. They are reading his
mail to his lawyers, supposedly forbidden.
CJ has been without glasses and without his teeth for
the whole time since he was arrested. JEFF GORDON
STILL HAS CJ'S TEETH. However, his vision has
improved! He is also without proper medication for
his Tourette's. The shrink told him that the
amphetamines he had been prescribed and which were
working well would probably be stolen by the staff
anyway. CJ is very conscious of managing his
neurological condition, with coffee, sugar, fasting,
and self-control. He does complain that he was so
pleased with himself that he got through his last
rage attack without hurting himself or acting it out
that he punched a wall in celebration and hurt his
hand! Even though he is supposed to be his own lawyer, he
has not even been informed about his indictment nor
has he been informed about anything else about his
At Springfield he has been in lockup for things that
he purportedly did at the Florence, Arizona prison.
The shrink gets a message this past weekend that
suddenly I am coming down, and this morning before I
get there he rushes in to tell CJ he's finally moving
him out of lockup into the open ward! Wolfson later
tells me that over two weeks ago he notified the
federal marshalls that CJ can be moved back to
Arizona, but he had not told CJ that.  I don't know
whether it's true.  He actually took me to task for
coming on such short notice.
CJ was very happy that the things he has sent out
have been posted, and it is clear that the support of
the cypherpunks community is important to him.
He did not talk to me about particular defense
strategies for obvious reasons.
He did indicate that the story that I relayed to John
about the incident in the federal courthouse in
Estevan involving a supposed gasoline "bomb"  (a
version of which incident was part of a story by
Declan) was a surprise to him;  he seemed both surprised and amused about what actions had been
attributed to him. To say I know and understand
nothing about this incident is an understatement. I
mention  it only because it is part of Jeff Gordon's
original complaint, a significant part I assume since
CJ has never been known to do physical injury to a
human being.
CJ has not seen the stories by Declan nor what has
been posted; I sent a hundred pages of stuff to Larry
Dowling his Austin lawyer, including copies of
Declan's articles. I had not sent these things to CJ
on the assumption that they would be censored. CJ
suggested that I ask Dowling to sent them with the
instruction on the envelope "open in the presence of
the inmate only". Again, he wants to see these things
because  his spirit is hanging on the support from
John and the rest of the community, although he said
very clearly that he is doing this on his own and
would do it alone if he had to.
Just before I left to come here, having finally been
cleared as a visitor, I got a call from Linda Lou
Reed, saying that she had not done a couple of things
needed to get his music CD together, since she has
been out of town. CJ and I talked about how to get
this together and I will work on it with other Tucson
friends. Someone had the idea of selling the CD's to
support a legal defense fund. I will report progress
as it occurs. And speaking of legal defense support, thanks to John
and others who made suggestions about legal support.
After many hours of discussion the family decided
that it was not the most intelligent thing to put up
the meagre family fortunes against the federal
government, and therefore we intend at this point to
trust CJ's defense to his stated (and historically
effective) plan to be his own defense, or to public
defenders. With some trepidation I brought this up to
CJ, and he was relieved; he said that he had been
worried that we would try to pay for a defense in
this case, which again he intends to push all the way
through no matter what compromises are offered to
him, and that our paying for his defense was not what
he wanted. Therefore I would like to put out to those who know
the situation to help CJ to obtain relevant legal
information and consultation as he goes into this, in
whatever form it is available.  If there are costs
that I personally can afford to support, I am happy
to. CJ has made repeated requests for access to legal
books at Springfield, and they disappear into
nowhere, no yes, no no. An interesting point:  CJ related that Dr. Wolfson
had asked him about his filing of IRS tax forms!  As
if they were on a fishing expedition looking for
other things to get CJ on, as they did with Jim Bell.
I confronted Wolfson about this, asking how it was
relevant to the issue Wolfson was supposed to be
investigating, which is CJ's competence to understand
the charges against him and to stand trial.  At that
exact moment he jumped up and said that he urgently
needed to answer a page which he had received five
minutes before. I overheard the conversation which he
had suddenly urgently to engage in, and it was a
trivial conversation about returning a copy of a
document to someone. But when he returned to me he
said "Well I have three reasons for having asked
that." Already suspicious, to have three reasons. The
main reason Wolfson said was that CJ says he has
attention deficient disorder (ADD) associated with
the Tourette's, and that asking if someone filed
taxes was a good indicator of their attention span!
(Could I be making this up?) I said, why not pick
something like, can you make it through the college
registration process? He replied, "I'm not used to
working with educated people."  Other "reasons" he
gave:  1) I want to give a thorough medical,
psychological, social and legal picture as part of my
judgment whether someone is capable of understanding
the charges against him, because if I leave
significant things out of my report I am more likely
to be receiving a subpoena to wherever CJ is being
tried, and that's inconvenient for me; and 2) there
are all these wacko people who question the authority
of government to levy taxes, put people to trial,
etc., and I need to determine whether he's one of
those and therefore suffering as part of a mass
delusion (his words)... he lost me there a little
bit. I didn't know whether that would be evidence of
sanity or insanity.
Anyway he seems to be sending off CJ into the next
stage with a report that CJ might have Tourette's, is
not schizophrenic, and in his experience is not
CJ does have some mighty interesting observations
about how things are done in this federal nuthouse
situation, which god willing we will all get to hear
someday. Meanwhile he has sent out certain
information to Declan on specific incidents in the
facility which he observed,  but is concerned that it
was not received.
Our expectation is that CJ will be returned to Tucson
and then extradited to Washington, but clearly as a
form of harrassment the marshalls are taking their
own sweet time about everything.
CJ's "case manager" at Springfeld is Bob Harris. The
phone number there is 417 862 7041, and CJ's prisoner
number is 05987-196. Any correspondence to anywhere
in the prison system needs to have that number on it.
John Bogart in Tucson  (520 624 8196) is the public
defender in CJ's local case, pending his extradition
to Washington state.  The family retained Larry
Dowling in Austin, a very old friend of CJ's and his
lawyer for a long time, for a small amount to look
after CJ's rights during incarceration; we have not
retained him to go the full way in this defense, for
the reasons stated above.  Supposedly John Bogart
will be informed when the marshalls actually choose
to move CJ (after the fact).  Therefore I suggest
that those who want to write to CJ write him soon and
by fast mail at U.S. Medical Center, POB Box 4000, Springfield, Missouri 65801.   Larry Dowling's
address is 606 West 11th, Austin, 78701. I assume he
might be willing  to forward it to CJ on the
assumption that CJ will in fact be moved. Larry has
been a true friend throughout this and past
CJ has said that since he has been incarcerated for
three months now with no indication to him as to
formal charges, it is time to act to get him out of
Springfield. I concur, and unless I hear within a
week that he is being moved, I will take some of the
cypherpunk friends up on their offer to begin to
address this case through the local ACLU.  CJ's
greatest fear is that he will do something that will
justify involuntary drug administration, and he will
be defeated in that way. He is also afraid that he
will simply be killed in prison.
However, all in all I found CJ in pretty good
spirits, and clearly feeling "on purpose" vis a vis
his goals with his cypherpunk activities. I related
to him during our talk that one of my sons just took
some time off from university so that he would have
time to actually read, and that he had accurately
predicted to his friends exactly how I would respond
to the news: "Honey, I'm so proud!" CJ said that's
how I seemed to feel now about his arrest.  It is,
finally. I trust that CJ, in spite of a pattern of
sometimes shooting himself in the foot, is
brilliantly inspired by important libertarian values
and goals. I appreciate the education and inspiration
I have gained from getting to know this side of his
life and some of the people, technologies, issues and
ideas of which previously I had only vague notions.
Alia Johnson (lodi at well.com) my phone 510 548 2008;
my fax 510 848 7842.

@_date: 1998-11-19 00:43:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CJ Update Corrected 
This is attorney protected information.
Received today by e-mail:
November 16, 1998
Springfield, Missouri
Outlaw (name of his last album)
I saw CJ today at the Springfield facility for the
criminally disturbing. We spent five hours, a lot of
laughing, a little crying, and talking, with lots of
cameras and mikes on us. The controllers would not
let me take notes!
First, CJ's great hope and request to his friends is
to hang in there with him. He intends to go all the
way with this to trial, being his own defense lawyer,
even though he believes that since the Feds know they
will lose, they will try to get him to plea bargain
down to "walking his dog without a leash" as he puts
it. He is definitely on a mission.  He received
John's package, nothing from Declan. He has received
about half the mail I sent him. They are reading his
mail to his lawyers, supposedly forbidden.
CJ has been without glasses and without his teeth for
the whole time since he was arrested. JEFF GORDON
STILL HAS CJ'S TEETH. However, his vision has
improved! He is also without proper medication for
his Tourette's. The shrink told him that the
amphetamines he had been prescribed and which were
working well would probably be stolen by the staff
anyway. CJ is very conscious of managing his
neurological condition, with coffee, sugar, fasting,
and self-control. He does complain that he was so
pleased with himself that he got through his last
rage attack without hurting himself or acting it out
that he punched a wall in celebration and hurt his
hand! Even though he is supposed to be his own lawyer, he
has not even been informed about his indictment nor
has he been informed about anything else about his
At Springfield he has been in lockup for things that
he purportedly did at the Florence, Arizona prison.
The shrink gets a message this past weekend that
suddenly I am coming down, and this morning before I
get there he rushes in to tell CJ he's finally moving
him out of lockup into the open ward! Wolfson later
tells me that over two weeks ago he notified the
federal marshalls that CJ can be moved back to
Arizona, but he had not told CJ that.  I don't know
whether it's true.  He actually took me to task for
coming on such short notice.
CJ was very happy that the things he has sent out
have been posted, and it is clear that the support of
the cypherpunks community is important to him.
He did not talk to me about particular defense
strategies for obvious reasons.
He did indicate that the story that I relayed to John
about the incident in the federal courthouse in
Estevan involving a supposed gasoline "bomb"  (a
version of which incident was part of a story by
Declan) was a surprise to him;  he seemed both surprised and amused about what actions had been
attributed to him. To say I know and understand
nothing about this incident is an understatement. I
mention  it only because it is part of Jeff Gordon's
original complaint, a significant part I assume since
CJ has never been known to do physical injury to a
human being.
CJ has not seen the stories by Declan nor what has
been posted; I sent a hundred pages of stuff to Larry
Dowling his Austin lawyer, including copies of
Declan's articles. I had not sent these things to CJ
on the assumption that they would be censored. CJ
suggested that I ask Dowling to sent them with the
instruction on the envelope "open in the presence of
the inmate only". Again, he wants to see these things
because  his spirit is hanging on the support from
John and the rest of the community, although he said
very clearly that he is doing this on his own and
would do it alone if he had to.
Just before I left to come here, having finally been
cleared as a visitor, I got a call from Linda Lou
Reed, saying that she had not done a couple of things
needed to get his music CD together, since she has
been out of town. CJ and I talked about how to get
this together and I will work on it with other Tucson
friends. Someone had the idea of selling the CD's to
support a legal defense fund. I will report progress
as it occurs. And speaking of legal defense support, thanks to John
and others who made suggestions about legal support.
After many hours of discussion the family decided
that it was not the most intelligent thing to put up
the meagre family fortunes against the federal
government, and therefore we intend at this point to
trust CJ's defense to his stated (and historically
effective) plan to be his own defense, or to public
defenders. With some trepidation I brought this up to
CJ, and he was relieved; he said that he had been
worried that we would try to pay for a defense in
this case, which again he intends to push all the way
through no matter what compromises are offered to
him, and that our paying for his defense was not what
he wanted. Therefore I would like to put out to those who know
the situation to help CJ to obtain relevant legal
information and consultation as he goes into this, in
whatever form it is available.  If there are costs
that I personally can afford to support, I am happy
to. CJ has made repeated requests for access to legal
books at Springfield, and they disappear into
nowhere, no yes, no no. An interesting point:  CJ related that Dr. Wolfson
had asked him about his filing of IRS tax forms!  As
if they were on a fishing expedition looking for
other things to get CJ on, as they did with Jim Bell.
I confronted Wolfson about this, asking how it was
relevant to the issue Wolfson was supposed to be
investigating, which is CJ's competence to understand
the charges against him and to stand trial.  At that
exact moment he jumped up and said that he urgently
needed to answer a page which he had received five
minutes before. I overheard the conversation which he
had suddenly urgently to engage in, and it was a
trivial conversation about returning a copy of a
document to someone. But when he returned to me he
said "Well I have three reasons for having asked
that." Already suspicious, to have three reasons. The
main reason Wolfson said was that CJ says he has
attention deficient disorder (ADD) associated with
the Tourette's, and that asking if someone filed
taxes was a good indicator of their attention span!
(Could I be making this up?) I said, why not pick
something like, can you make it through the college
registration process? He replied, "I'm not used to
working with educated people."  Other "reasons" he
gave:  1) I want to give a thorough medical,
psychological, social and legal picture as part of my
judgment whether someone is capable of understanding
the charges against him, because if I leave
significant things out of my report I am more likely
to be receiving a subpoena to wherever CJ is being
tried, and that's inconvenient for me; and 2) there
are all these wacko people who question the authority
of government to levy taxes, put people to trial,
etc., and I need to determine whether he's one of
those and therefore suffering as part of a mass
delusion (his words)... he lost me there a little
bit. I didn't know whether that would be evidence of
sanity or insanity.
Anyway he seems to be sending off CJ into the next
stage with a report that CJ might have Tourette's, is
not schizophrenic, and in his experience is not
CJ does have some mighty interesting observations
about how things are done in this federal nuthouse
situation, which god willing we will all get to hear
someday. Meanwhile he has sent out certain
information to Declan on specific incidents in the
facility which he observed,  but is concerned that it
was not received.
Our expectation is that CJ will be returned to Tucson
and then extradited to Washington, but clearly as a
form of harrassment the marshalls are taking their
own sweet time about everything.
CJ's "case manager" at Springfeld is Bob Harris. The
phone number there is 417 862 7041, and CJ's prisoner
number is 05987-196. Any correspondence to anywhere
in the prison system needs to have that number on it.
John Bogart in Tucson  (520 624 8196) is the public
defender in CJ's local case, pending his extradition
to Washington state.  The family retained Larry
Dowling in Austin, a very old friend of CJ's and his
lawyer for a long time, for a small amount to look
after CJ's rights during incarceration; we have not
retained him to go the full way in this defense, for
the reasons stated above.  Supposedly John Bogart
will be informed when the marshalls actually choose
to move CJ (after the fact).  Therefore I suggest
that those who want to write to CJ write him soon and
by fast mail at U.S. Medical Center, POB Box 4000, Springfield, Missouri 65801.   Larry Dowling's
address is 606 West 11th, Austin, 78701. I assume he
might be willing  to forward it to CJ on the
assumption that CJ will in fact be moved. Larry has
been a true friend throughout this and past
CJ has said that since he has been incarcerated for
three months now with no indication to him as to
formal charges, it is time to act to get him out of
Springfield. I concur, and unless I hear within a
week that he is being moved, I will take some of the
cypherpunk friends up on their offer to begin to
address this case through the local ACLU.  CJ's
greatest fear is that he will do something that will
justify involuntary drug administration, and he will
be defeated in that way. He is also afraid that he
will simply be killed in prison.
However, all in all I found CJ in pretty good
spirits, and clearly feeling "on purpose" vis a vis
his goals with his cypherpunk activities. I related
to him during our talk that one of my sons just took
some time off from university so that he would have
time to actually read, and that he had accurately
predicted to his friends exactly how I would respond
to the news: "Honey, I'm so proud!" CJ said that's
how I seemed to feel now about his arrest.  It is,
finally. I trust that CJ, in spite of a pattern of
sometimes shooting himself in the foot, is
brilliantly inspired by important libertarian values
and goals. I appreciate the education and inspiration
I have gained from getting to know this side of his
life and some of the people, technologies, issues and
ideas of which previously I had only vague notions.
Alia Johnson (lodi at well.com) my phone 510 548 2008;
my fax 510 848 7842.

@_date: 1998-11-19 03:19:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: National Security KRA Framework 
These are excerpts from US Patent 5835596: "International
cryptography framework" issued on November 10, 1998, to
inventors Keith S. Klemba, Santa Clara, CA, and Roger
Merckling, Gieres, France and assigned to Hewlett Packard. Source: It's an update of US Patent 5651068 issued for the same
methodology in July, 1997. Summaries of the patents are
also available at <  >.
INTERNATIONAL CRYPTOGRAPHY FRAMEWORK
SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION
The invention provides a four-part technology framework
that supports international cryptography, which includes a
national flag card, a cryptographic unit, a host system, and a
network security server. Three of the four service elements
have a fundamentally hierarchical relationship. The National
Flag Card (NFC) is installed in the Cryptographic Unit (CU)
which, in turn, is installed into a Host System (HS).
Cryptographic instructions on the Host system cannot be
executed without a Cryptographic Unit, which itself requires
the present of a valid National Flag Card before its services
are available. The fourth service element, a Network
Security Server (NSS), can provide a range of different
security services including verification of the other three
service elements.
The framework supports the design, implementation, and
operational elements of any and all national policies, while
unifying the design, development, and operation of
independent national security policies. The invention thus
gives standard form to the service elements of national
security policies, where such service elements include such
things as hardware from factors, communication protocols,
and on-line and off-line data definitions. [Snip drawing and
detailed descriptions.]
APPLICATION OF THE FRAMEWORK
The invention has various applications. In particular, the
framework is ideally suited for various national security
schemes and operates consistently across a variety of local
laws. For example the framework could be used to support a
key escrow policy. Key escrowing is a process where the
keys or family keys used for cryptography are kept by a third
party, in the national context, typically a government agency.
This allows the third party to decrypt information when, for
example, a law enforcement agency is required to see the
contents of an encrypted message.
For example if the policy of nation-X requires key escrow,
then when nation-X NFC's are put into circulation they
contain a key escrowed by nation-X. Law enforcement
would be able to use the electronic stamp on a message to
determine that the message was encrypted under the policy
of nation-X. It would also be able to determine unique
identification information of the specific NFC used to enable
the CU. If nation-X agrees to cooperate, the escrowed key
for the NFC involved may be obtained to decrypt the
suspicious message.
The actual encryption algorithm used in nation-X may be the
same encryption algorithm that is used in nation-Z, such that
when a user from nation-X visits nation-Z it is only
necessary to put a NFC from nation-Z into the CU. The
encryption algorithm in the CU remains the same, but what
is governing the use of cryptography is the policy of nation-
Z. For example, the policy of nation-Z may require a trap
door, such that the government of nation-Z is able to take a
back door into the users system to read the deciphered text.
In this case the nation-Z NFC provides a back door rather
than an escrowed key to law enforcement. Several such
schemes are known in the art and it is a feature of the
invention that the framework is readily adapted to
accommodate such schemes as may be implemented in a
particular national policy without affecting the basic
hardware, or data structures of a user system, with the
exception of the NFC.
Thus, the encryption algorithms in CU may be the same
encryption algorithms used everywhere. The NFCs control
the use of these encryption algorithms in accordance with
the local law. Because the NSS is a trusted third party that
validates proper local use of the framework, it is not
possible to use cryptography unless a locally accepted NFC
is installed in the CU. In the example above, even though the
encryption engine operates properly in nation-X, it would
not operate in nation-Z unless the NFC was replaced with a nation-Z's NFC. For international communication of
encrypted information, (e.g. where an encrypted message is
generated in nation-Z and sent to nation-X) the involvement
of cryptography for such messages will be independently
controlled by two NFCs -- the X flag card in nation-X and
the Z-flag card in nation-Z. The invention therefore offers
the ability to support government policy, whatever that
policy may be, and still provide uniform cryptographic
In addition to the nationalization issues that are illustrated
above, within a certain nation there may be multiple
encryption policies (e.g. nation-X might have a policy for
banking that is more liberal than its policy for
manufacturing). Accordingly, the framework is adapted to
operate within each country under several different national
policies, or with several different levels of encryption. For
example, just as there are different stamps for first class and
priority mail, the framework may allow for different levels
of encryption based on the type of NFC installed.
It is a feature of the framework that CUs may have the major
standard encryption algorithms built-in (e.g. DES, RSA,
DSS, MD5). However, it is also possible to install custom
algorithms into the CU providing that the policy in the
governing NFC permits this type of activity. Software
algorithms can be transferred completely or partially into the
CU from either the NFC or the NSS. Hardware algorithms
can be added to the CU via the NFC. The actual encryption
of a message may involve the NFC, CU, or NSS, or any
combination thereof. As soon as the NFC is removed from
the CU these custom algorithms are no longer operative,
perhaps not even present, in the CU.
[End excerpts]

@_date: 1998-11-19 03:27:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CJ's Teeth/Glasses 
Alia Johnson reports that CJ has not had his teeth and
glasses returned. Can you tell me, or refer me to someone
who can, what is needed to get that done. Or if I have no right to get involved who else should make the request. Got a Fedex account ready for use.
Thanks much,

@_date: 1998-11-20 12:03:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Catastrophic Terrorism 
Ex-CIA head John Deutch and two NatSecs write in November
Foreign Affairs on "Catastrophic Terrorism: Tackling the New
     (36K)
They propose three new orgs to prevent and respond to terrorist
use of WMD on a large scale:
1. National Terrorism Intelligence Center (Mil/Intel/LEA)
2. National Information Assurance Institute (Gov/Corp/Tank)
3. Catastrophic Terrorism Response Offices (Intel/Plan/Train/Task/Direct)
Paralleling Senator Kyl and others, the proposals are based
on the increased domestic use of the military while proclaiming
civil liberties will be protected. And though there is considerable
detail about how the military, intelligence agencies and
law enforcement will work together - US and foreign - and the
vast purchases of sevices and equipment that will be needed, there's next to nothing about how civil liberties will be protected.
Reference is made to America's marshalling its patriotism and technology to win the Cold War, and the wondrous inventions
developed to do that. Again, though, no mention is made of the
price of military industrialism, which is to be expected of our
finest catastrophe-obessessed minds unable to imagine a world without endless national security threats to grow their pork.

@_date: 1998-11-20 20:28:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CJ's Teeth/Glasses 
Alia has written that you sent CJ's teeth to him at the AZ
Correctional Corporation of America but he never got them
(nor stuff she sent). Guess that's an indication of the superior quality of gov-regged private-run jails -- or mails.
Thanks for the reminder that CJ inquiries got to go through gov-regged private-run attorneys who are ever in conference
and don't return calls.

@_date: 1998-11-22 01:36:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EMSEC Docs 
Thanks to JM's pointers we offer three related May 1998 USAF docs on emissions security:
AFI 33-203 - Emissisions Security
     (61K)
AFSSI 7010 - Emission Security Assessments
     (110K)
AFSSM 7011 - Emission Security Countermeasures Reviews
     (515K)
Or, a zipped package of the three:
     (146K)
While there's a fair amount in the last two docs about  security for classified NONSTOP and HIJACK systems,
we'd welcome more detail to fill in the deleted parts.

@_date: 1998-11-22 23:24:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: KRA on NAI/KRA 
Phil and Cabe,
For your info. Response will be very welcome.
Hash: SHA1
I have some questions about the KRA.
1. In your FAQ , you state that one of the
organization's goals is to:
  "Serve as a focal point for industry efforts to develop commercially
   acceptable solutions for recovery of encrypted information"
This seems to allow that there may be valid encrypted _data_ recovery
methods other than _key_ recovery using the KRA's "common key recovery
block" (still under discussion). However, I'm not aware of the KRA's public
position on the recovery of plaintext using cryptographically sound and
ethically responsible alternatives to the escrowing of keys in
organizational situations, e.g. PGP's Additional Decryption Key (ADK)
mechanism. What is the KRA's public position on PGP's ADK?
2. A public debate has recently arisen because the KRA website's member
roster indicates that Network Associates (NAI) is a member of the KRA. NAI
representatives, however, have publicly contraindicated this. Can you
clarify NAI's membership status in the KRA, specifically:
A. On what date (if ever) did NAI apply for membership in the KRA?
B. Is the KRA in possession of any evidence (letter, etc) to show that NAI
    was or is a member of the KRA?
C. If NAI was a member of the KRA at any time, on what date did a
    corporate officer of NAI formally withdraw NAI from the KRA, if ever?
D. Regarding KRA membership policy, if a company is not a member itself
    but acquires another company that is a KRA member, but, does
    this acquisition automatically confer membership status on the parent
    company, or is a formal request to "expand" the company's membership
    necessary?
E. If NAI was not a member of the KRA at the time of its Trusted
    Information Systems (TIS) acquisition, did the KRA receive a request
    from any NAI representative to expand TIS's membership to all of NAI?
3. KRA member companies are listed with their web URLs, but no individual
contact name/phone/email is provided for any of them. Can you supply a
complete listing of the designated contacts (corporate representatives) at
each of the KRA member organizations, should one want to discuss with them
their respective companies' KR positions or proposals? For example, if, in
fact, the KRA website is correct to list NAI as a member, then who is NAI's
official KRA representative?
Thank you in advance for your prompt clarification.
   dave
Dave Del Torto        +1.415.334.5533          CSO & VP Security Consulting
                                Level Seven Digital Labs
PGP Key:  Fingerprint: 9b29 031d 70de f566 e076 b108 904d fea3 28c0 29af / Size: 4096
................................. cut here .................................
The KRA's prompt reply (signed by me to indicate what I received):
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
Mr. Del Torto,
Thank you for your inquiry about a KRA member company. I am member of the
Alliance's secretariat staff addressing their business and administrative
needs. This puts me in a position to answer some of your questions directly.
Others I will pass along to appropriate Alliance member representatives for
About the KRA's public position on PGP's ADK, obviously it was not
adequately addressed for your needs in the Alliance's existing materials. I
will ask a more appropriate and knowledgeable spokesperson to respond to
your questions and concerns.
Concerning Network Associates membership in the KRA, in response to your
question I have verified that our files contain an executed Membership
Agreement for Network Associates (dated July 2, 1998), as well as a properly
completed Application for Membership of that same date. As an aside, the KRA has retained our firm to manage their business and
administrative affairs. Our business is solely the management of industry
associations. Thus, we have no conflict of interest as our clients are the
'associations' themselves and not any of the individual member companies.
For the management of our client associations (currently 4) we employ
certain practice standards. One important practice area is the impartial
recognition of membership. Simply put, we exercise no discretionary judgment
about whether a company is a member or not. If a company completes the
required steps to become a member (execute an agreement, complete an
application and pay the appropriate dues) they become a member. In other
words, membership is binary...complete all the steps --> become a member;
omit any of these steps --> NOT a member.
Ever since the the Alliance was formally constituted as a California
nonprofit corporation (October 1997), rigorous application processes have
been in place. It is true that a number of companies, including NAI I
believe, were attending meetings under the name of the KRA during much of
1997. However, until the Alliance was formally constituted, involving
membership agreements, applications and payment of dues, it's not entirely
accurate to characterize those companies participating in 1997 as 'members'
of the Alliance. Indeed, some of this current 'public debate' about NAI's
relationship with the KRA goes back to their public statement that they
'withdrew' from the organization. The fact of the matter is that they simply
did not choose to become an actual member at the time the organization was
formally constituted. When it was reported that they withdrew, there was in
fact no entity from which to withdraw. Regarding the listing of individual representatives from member companies,
it is the Alliance's policy not to do this. For whatever it's worth, this is
a standard practice of industry associations. I am passing your message
along to the designated NAI representative and inviting him to respond. At the risk of stating the obvious, it is not uncommon for companies in any
industry, especially hi-tech, to have multiple opinions within their
management teams. And, to have these opinions expressed in public forums. It
has been my experience that it is dangerous to infer corporate and product
strategies from a companies membership in industry groups. Companies join
industry associations for all manner of reasons, not all of which they share
with the market. I'm not suggesting any thing other than the fact that our
industry makes for extremely "complex business" and there's no reason to
believe that this complexity of actions, strategies and motivations isn't
going to appear in a company's involvement in industry associations. Sorry for the length of this reply. However, it's clear that there are a
great many concerns behind your questions and I've tried to reach those
concerns. I hope this response has been useful to you. Michael LoBue
KRA Secretariat Staff
  --end KRA response--

@_date: 1998-11-26 02:01:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Scientific Advisory Board 
The NSA Scientific Advisory Board has been functioning
since 1953:
   The 1997 annual report briefly describes what it does and what it costs to do it. However, its closed meetings are not announced in the Federal Register as required by regulations governing such FACA orgs. Names of members, minutes and studies are not available. We've made a request for info to the NSA office which handles the matter (301) 688-6449. Any information on the board would be welcome. Skimpy annual reports on the NSA SAB, like the one for 1997
above, as well as for all other federal advisory committees, from 1972 to 1997 are available at:

@_date: 1998-10-01 19:34:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DTRA, Terrorism, Digital Daily 
DoD rolled out today the new Defense Threat Reduction
Agency which combines several agencies -- Defense
Special Weapons Agency, Defense Technology Security Administration, On-Site Inspection Agency and others --
into a new organization whose principle purpose will be
to control the spread of technologies of mass destruction.
See remarks made at the opening ceremony by Hamre and others:
   And the new, informative DTRA Web site:
   The briefing remarks are of interest for what they disclose
about military planning for combating domestic terrorism (parallel to what the FBI said about it yesterday), promises to speed export licensing and a passing reference by Hamre to "a recent ten month process of encryption policy review."
Which may refer to the recent administration policy announcement or maybe another in the works.
With the build-up of domestic terrorism fighting forces --
all the mil and gov agencies -- and noises about legislation
being developed for more, it's worth pondering what is
coming with a crackdown on domestic use of encryption.
The Canadian duplicitous announcement today may offer
a clue to what's being secretly agreed upon internationallly: state there will be no domestic controls (to assure privacy
and secure commerce) coupled with promises to ease export limits (to assure commercial producers), then contradict that
with a statement about new legislation to criminalize
encryption use in the name of "public safety" and provision
for access to encrypted data (to assure national security and law enforcement).
Tell all parties what they want to hear in public, then arrange
for what's really going to happen in secrecy among those
responsible parties who know how to bear the terrible burden
of keeping society safe and sound.
Which brings up Time's new "Digital Daily" replacement for
Netley News. News seems to have been eliminated in
favor of entertaining fluff and product promo, even worse
than "mainstream" Time itself. What's up Declan? Has the ghost of Luce come back to order Time online to shut up reporting unpleasant nefaria and get on with narcotizing the masses via Luce's incomparable coy language of
insider duplicity?

@_date: 1998-10-01 21:10:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Echelon's Origin 
The NSA released during the summer a Top Secret
memorandum by Truman in 1952 establishing NSA as the lead COMINT agency for the USG:
   After the dry description of decisionmaking procedures
there are tantalizing pointers to the means NSA is to
use to spy on foreign governments' communications, with reference to accommodating allies at NSA facilities

@_date: 1998-10-03 09:36:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: importance of motivation 
'Twould be nice if rationality waned for a generation or
many, give us time to recover from being overdosed with
it since the ahem Renaissance, and suffering the damage of Renaissance Persons with pseudo-mastery of more than they know how to handle except to blow the shit out of a world they cannot truly comprehend except as a clueless
wad defying self-annointe High IQers.
De Toqueville adored patronizing the "American People" of
his time what they were good and bad at (one of the earliest promoters of AADD). And every Sheeplemongering weenie who lusts to be Somebody whips out the bullfrog's constitutional
and citers it as wisdom for the masses needing superior guidance -- that is from-the-mount sermonizing from the wannabe mighty-mites who really just want to avoid hard labor, an agenda the masses don't get advised to abide.
What's inspiring about misbehavior, for whatever cause,
is that it drives the Reasonable People, those who know
so little they need armoring with tin-thin rationality, into a panic of recognition of the alluring siren call to chuck overcontrol and enjoy getting under the thinskin of the hypo-rougers of a reality ever shedding its skin for new Up ADD, hurrah for hyperrationality, the way past
certain knowledge and comforting wisdom of the
way things are not, never were, never will be.
Medevial superstition, plague, sloth and licentiousness, now there's a cheap Ritalin for science and economy and law and decency all too reasonable, all too nearly inescapable, all too non-fictional to be believed.

@_date: 1998-10-05 22:56:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US Rights Violations 
We offer Amnesty International's devastating critique
of US human rights violations, due to be released
in hardcopy tomorrow:
     (365K)
It recounts in voluminous, documented, gruesome detail what American justice is truly like in prisons, jails, precinct houses, on the highways and in the streets.
After this it's going to difficult for the US to preach human rights violations to other countries.

@_date: 1998-10-07 22:54:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: American Justice Threat List 
Some of the Justice/FBI Wish List legislative requests,
outlined by Rep. Bob Barr a few days ago, are being
implemented in two recent docs:
1. House/Senate Conference Report on HR3694, Intelligence Authorization Act for FY 1999:
     (108K)
An excerpt from this report, Foreign Intelligence and
International Terrorism Investigations, describes expanded wiretap and encryption provisions:
     (36K)
Note the planned use of "volunteers" to assist Justice
with encryption and other features added to original bills
by the House/Senate conference, in line with Barr's
2. The International Crime and Anti-Terrorism
Amendments for 1998, expands foreign action
powers, broadens seizures and other provisions:
     (38K)
What these confirm is the use of the threat of terrorism
to rapidly eliminate the separation between foreign and domestic intelligence, military and law enforcement While still mostly aimed at foreign-originated threats,
the provisions now make it possible to turn the full
kennel of the dogs of war loose on disobedient US citizens lumped with foreigners impossible to understand except as threats to American Justice.

@_date: 1998-10-07 23:05:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Nowhere Justice 
A distinguishing feature of the complaints and indictments
of suspects in the African Embassy bombings is the
use of the phrase "in the special maritime and territorial
jurisdiction of the United States, as that term is defined in
Title 18, United States Code, Section 7(3), and outside the jurisdiction of any particular state or jurisdiction," to apparently lay claim to the legal right of the US to arrest and imprison terrorist suspects for acts in any location where US law customarily would not be valid:
   Would any of our legal advisors know the origin of that phrase "outside the jurisdiction of any particular state or jurisdiction?" Is this new, and devised to reduce conflict
with other states who may harbor terrorists, or perhaps
prevent them from being terrorist targets for cooperating
with the US?

@_date: 1998-10-08 08:51:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Wiretaps and Surveillance Expanded 
Note: Alan is referring to the closed-door added provisions available at:
   House Passes Roving Wiretaps, Expands Federal Surveillance Powers
In a closed-door manuever, controversial "roving wiretap" provisions were
added to a major Intelligence authorization bill and passed by the House
this afternoon. Current wiretapping law allows tapping of a particular
person's phones. The new provisions would dramatically expand current
authority by allowing taps on any phone used by, or "proximate" to, the
person being tapped -- no matter whose phone it is. Such a broad law
invites abuse.
In the last Congress, the full House of Representatives rejected these
provisions after an open and vigorous debate. This week, behind closed
doors, a conference committee added the provisions to the important
Intelligence Authorization Conference Report, almost certain to pass the
Congress. The provisions were not in either the original House or Senate
versions of the bill.  CDT is particularly concerned that such an expansion
of federal authority should take place without a public debate.
The text of the new roving wiretap provisions will be available this
evening on CDT's Web site at: Alan Davidson, Staff Counsel                 202.637.9800 (v)
Center for Democracy and Technology          202.637.0968 (f)
1634 Eye St. NW, Suite 1100                  Washington, DC 20006                         PGP key via finger

@_date: 1998-10-09 01:29:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jeff Gordon's RFA 
Tom Allard,
Thanks much for forwarding Jeff Gordon's message.
I called Jeff at the number provided -- he answered --  I named
myself, described the message and asked if it was genuine, that spoofs had appeared on the list recently. He said, you mean it appeared on the cypherpunks list. I said yes it did and it'd be a help to know which messages are believable, that it's a bitch these days trying to figure out who's who and who's writing what. I said the msg'd be in  the archives shortly if he wanted to check it out, and offered  to forward a copy in the meantime. He said sure I'll take a look at it and let you know.
So I lobbed it up to WA, without the headers. See the
exchange below.
BTW, did anybody else get one of these? If so, send along,
in the clear or anon.
Return-Receipt-To: Gordon Jeff  INSP Mime-Version: 1.0
X-Mailer: Internet Mail Service (5.5.1960.3)
Thanks for checking on the authentication.  While I had not intended
this to be publicly distributed (call the Netiquette police!) it is not
a forgery

@_date: 1998-10-10 12:00:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EZ Wiretap Server 
Thanks to Sean Donelan, see a point and click
CALEA wiretap server:

@_date: 1998-10-13 19:53:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Declassifications 
A selection of National Security Agency declassification decisions is
offered at
        Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists

@_date: 1998-10-13 22:45:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Laxatives 
Senators Lott and Kerrey have made crypto core dumps
in recent days:
      Lott says 56-bit crypto is bad, and recites its weaknesses,
reading a script he doesn't know shit about, hair and mind
immutably fixatived.
Kerrey Lincoln Monuments long dead Nat sec with Info Tech faux marbre, frutilessly limoing around DC torrist piles looking for The American People, while Super-Coifed Cohen aimlessly sends Cold War B52s to PR-bomb Menwith Hill targets -- unruly wildhair ups -- protecting what Kerrey can't find.
Clinton and Yeltsin will shortly morph into Serbian hair ball.

@_date: 1998-10-14 06:58:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: What it's like to get a subpoena (re Toto) (fwd) 
Jim Choate's sharing his experiences with the IRS is
very welcome, as with Tom Allard forwarding the Jeff
Gordon request for assistance.
Other inquiries of folks on the list will probably happen,
and information about those would be beneficial. It would be
a great help to post here any other overtures, anonymous
if preferred.
It's tough being the earliest ones contacted, having to decide
as Tom and Jim have had to do about whether to go public
or deal with the inquiries in private and hope that nothing worse
It's likely that more serious targets will be approached later,
using material obtained from those not at risk, those with
no reason to fear the friendly, courteous IRS.
At least that's what happened with Jim Bell and CJ. They, too,
said they were handled in a friendly courteous manner until ... the case was presented to a magistrate.
According to CJ's sister even the shrink at Springfield is
the friendliest most courteous person she's talked to, helpful, considerate, and said he had CJ's interest at heart. She said she just hoped he didn't cut off CJ's medicine, cause him to go berzerk, then to disappear.
It's that switch from friendly and couterous to the other that
none of want to think about, eh? "You're under arrest. Anything
you say can and will be used against you." Hmm, what was I
saying, posting, here.
BTW, the offshore archives, if they are offshore, are a problem
for getting legal access to, and to use in court. I think a human linkage is preferred, in deposition, in court, testifying for the record.
Makes a more convincing case to have a live body telling the
facts of the matter, explaining how things work, somewhat eager to instruct and please, in self-preservation, to keep the cops and
court friendly and courteous. What was told to the investigators in private, that's what hung Jim Bell and CJ.
But, hey, they were nuts, right? Fuck them. Then the friendly folks came for you and me, working a list.

@_date: 1998-10-14 09:59:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Ex-NSA Cryptanalyst 
We'd like to get the affidavit, search warrants and complaint for the ex-NSA cryptanalyst, David Sheldon Boone, arrested for spying to see what the specific allegations are. See court docket below. News reports say he is being held in Alexandria, VA, so a
lead to a legal doc retrieval service in that area would be
appreciated. Or should anyone have the docket-listed docs, copies would be Fax: 212-799-4003
John Young
251 West 89th Street, Suite 6E
New York, NY 10024
Vox: 212-873-8700
PACER session date: Tuesday October 13, 1998 09:29:28 PM EST
Docket as of October 13, 1998 6:21 pm               Page 1
Proceedings include all events.
1:98m 882-ALL USA v. Boone
                       U.S. District Court
            Eastern District of Virginia (Alexandria)
            CRIMINAL DOCKET FOR CASE  98-M -882-ALL
USA v. Boone                                                Filed: 10/13/98
Dkt# in other court: None
Case Assigned to:  Magistrate Judge Theresa Carroll Buchanan
DAVID SHELDON BOONE (1)
     defendant
Defendant Assigned to:  Magistrate Judge W. Curtis Sewell
Pending Counts:
   NONE
Terminated Counts:
   NONE
Complaints                               Disposition
18:794(a) and 3238   Espionage
U. S. Attorneys:
  Charles Rosenberg
  [COR LD NTC]
  U.S. Attorney's Office
  2100 Jamieson Avenue
  Alexandria, VA 22314
  (703) 299-3700
  FTS 574-3700
Docket as of October 13, 1998 6:21 pm               Page 2
Proceedings include all events.
1:98m 882-ALL USA v. Boone
10/9/98  1       SEALED COMPLAINT as to David Sheldon Boone (avax)
                 [Entry date 10/13/98]
10/9/98  2       AFFIDAVIT by USA as to David Sheldon Boone  Re: [1-1]
                 complaint (avax) [Entry date 10/13/98]
10/9/98  3       MOTION by USA to Seal  search warrants [2-1] affidavit  by
                 USA, [1-1] complaint (avax) [Entry date 10/13/98]
10/9/98  4       ORDER as to David Sheldon Boone granting [3-1] motion by
                 USA to Seal  search warrants [2-1] affidavit  by USA, [1-1]
                 complaint as to David Sheldon Boone (1) ( Signed by
                 Magistrate Judge Theresa C. Buchanan )  Copies Mailed: yes
                 (avax) [Entry date 10/13/98]
10/9/98  --       Arrest WARRANT issued as to David Sheldon Boone (avax)
                 [Entry date 10/13/98]
10/13/98 5       ORDER as to David Sheldon Boone,  Unsealing Complaint
                 Search Warrants, and affidavit ( Signed by Magistrate
                 Judge W. C. Sewell )  Copies Mailed: yes (avax)
                 [Entry date 10/13/98]
10/13/98 --      Complaint unsealed as to David Sheldon Boone (avax)
                 [Entry date 10/13/98]
10/13/98 --      Initial appearance as to David Sheldon Boone  held  before
                 Magistrate Judge W. C. Sewell ( Tape   USA appeared
                 through: T. Connolly.  Dft(s) appeared through: w/attys;
                 Sinlair and Clark (Defendant informed of rights.)  US
                 motions for detention-granted.  Deft. waives PH reserves the
                 right to a bond hearing at a later date.  Deft. is remanded
                 to the custody of the USMS w/o bond pending action og the
                 GJ. (ntho) [Entry date 10/13/98] [Edit date 10/13/98]
10/13/98 6       Waiver of Preliminary Examination or Hearing by David
                 Sheldon Boone (ntho) [Entry date 10/13/98]
[END OF DOCKET: 1:98m 882-0]

@_date: 1998-10-14 11:39:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Aaron Debunks Crypto Myths 
Crypto emissary David Aaron gave a speech today in
Germany boosting US encryption policy for privacy and
commerce. Says it's an insult to claim US intelligence agencies want backdoor access and other untrue myths:
   Thanks to JM for pointing.

@_date: 1998-10-16 02:53:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI Affidavit on Ex-NSA Cryptanalyst 
We offer the FBI's 23-page affidavit of charges against David
Sheldon Boone, ex-NSA cryptanalyst who allegedly
passed top secret SIGINT, EW and nuclear targeting plans to the Soviets:
   Tantalizing hints on means and methods, quoting the affidavit of the FBI agent in charge:
  On one occasion, "Igor" [Soviet agent] told BOONE that the   KGB/SVRR had access to United States Signals Directive   (USSID) Zero, which was an index of all other USSIDs, and   from this index IGOR asked BOONE to obtain specific USSIDs.   I have ascertained that USSIDs are classified NSA publications   for use in providing Signals Intelligence (SIGINT) support to   the United States military.
  BOONE told the OA [FBI Operational Asset posing as Soviet   agent to set up Boone] that he had given "Igor" a photocopy   of an NSA document entitled "United States Signals Intelligence   Directive (USSID) 514," dated May 6, 1988.  BOONE told the   OA that this USSID was unusual because it was one of few   USSIDs to be classified TOP SECRET rather than SECRET.   BOONE told the OA that USSID 514 was not widely   disseminated but that one copy had been at USAFS   Augsburg. And more on Boone's training and duties in cryptanalysis at
Fort Meade and in Germany.
Bad Ausburg is the location of one of the NSA intercept stations for the Echelon program is it not?

@_date: 1998-10-17 11:05:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CJ Indicted 
Court docket shows that CJ has been indicted for:
  18:115A.F Threaten to Murder certain Federal Law
  Enforcement Officers and Judges
This is in addition to the original complaint:
  For Violation of 18:115(a)(1)(B): Threatening to assassin
  IRA officers Yes, it says "assassin IRA."
The other humor is that upon indictment for criminal charges
on September 30 a bench warrant was issued for CJ's arrest.
The arrest warrant was "returned unexecuted" on October 9,
due to "warrant issued in error" by the same magistrate who
issued the first arrest warrant on August 5, apparently forgetting
or not knowing that CypherAssassin2 was mental evaluing with CypherAssassin1 in MO. See the docket:
   BTW, on why Jim Bell and CJ stopped over in OKC on the way to Springfield, we've learned that the Federal Transportation
Center is in OKC. It so happens that the Bureau of Prisons issued a wad of rules and regs today just to handle the growing crowd of
alleged IRA-Nobelists and international Chuckies:

@_date: 1998-10-18 04:36:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 2nd Report on Political Control Technologies 
I'm a Dutch journalist, working for NRC Handelsblad, one of the major
newspapers in the Netherlands. I've been reporting about the STOA report An Appraisal of Technologies of Political Control since last A second report came out last month. I got a copy a few days ago from the Omega Foundation and had an article about it in NRC Handelsblad today. This second report has interesting information about the so called EU-FBI global surveillance plan. According to a secret memorandum the EU countries have agreed with the FBI to intercept all European datacommunication. To do this some EU countries like Holland and Germany changed their laws to make broad wiretapping and interception of Internet and other datacommunication possible. Germany changed its constitution in the beginning of this year and in Holland a law was made and accepted by both chambers of the
Parliament that obliges all firms with computer and communication networks (providers, telco's, newspapers etc.) to make their systems tappable. You can read the second report at:
     [104K]
Marie-Jose Klaver
NRC Handelsblad
 There's much new information in the report, especially on
the US export of political control technologies which complements Amnesty International's recent critique of US violations of human rights, as well as the US Bureau of Prisons reorganization, all to accommodate the rise in
domestic and foreign freedom fighters, oops, terrorists,
as global Justice and Defense agencies characterize naysayers to bloated organs of dysfunctional cracies.

@_date: 1998-10-19 08:41:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: What's up with algebra.com? 
What with the Feds now going after CJ for attempted
murder of federal officials (film ad overkill!), Jeff Gordon soliciting cypherpunk subscribers to flesh that fancy, and one CDR operator flattered with a subpoena, it'd be prudent to have a way to check on whether a CDR node has been taken down or turned, and the operator hogtied with the system as evidence (or forced to run a sting to gather it), before a clamp's put on telling what's going on.
May be too late, too late.
Recall it's a major offense for revealing placement of a wiretap, surveillance or a covert investigation -- especially if you're assisting, willingly or unwillingly.
Not that one should advocate hiding what might be construed
as evidence or exposing underbelly work that's ordered concealed. Why that might be taken to be pushing a conspiracy against WMD-crazed authority rather than promoting personal hygiene with lots of sunshine and vigorous exercise of rights to fanciful
imaginings of what a world would be like without minders galore.
Whistling in the dark, mind you.
Consider that there are 118,000 federal prisoners. That's a very big inhospitality business, and its growing, private and feds rubbing
hands and futures. For an overview of exactly how the chain operates (in case you're planning a stay or a stock buy) gander the list of its bountiful rules and regs:
   Inmates are forbidden access to the Internet (PS 1241.02 Internet
and the World Wide Web), however, they are encouraged to do creative writing (PS 5350.07 Inmate Manuscripts), so Jim Bell,
CJ and a few of us deserve a suite overlooking the garden of

@_date: 1998-10-20 18:49:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: An Appraisal of the Technologies of Political Control 
Theodor Schlickmann offered:
This is a shortened version of an ATPC update over twice as long.
The full report was offered for a while by the Dutch newspaper
NRC Handelsblad but has since been replaced by the shorter
version. Why only the short version is being offered is not clear -- it addresses only the surveillance part of the full
report, ECHELON and the FBI/EU wiretapping deal. The report is controversial within EuroParl and the European
Commission and there may have  been a political decision
to focus on its most contentious aspects. Other sections update the full range of technologies for political control of the original report published in January 1998. (Note that EuroParl has still not made the orginal report available
The NRC Handelsblad reporter who got the full report from the author, the Omega Foundation, sent us a copy available at:
     (101K)

@_date: 1998-10-21 09:50:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SSZ - IRS update 
Okay, thanks for the update. Any chance that affidavit can be shared? Or is there a sword over your head?
Not meaning to get in your affairs, just hoping for information.
Can you tell more about the lack of support from Austin cpunks,
any change, or are you left to fend for yourself?
Sorry to say the obvious, but watch your back. No not Adam,
he's certifiably cuckoo, it's the reasonable people that scare me.

@_date: 1998-10-21 09:50:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CJustice 
We got documents on CJ from the US District Court,Western WA, in Tacoma. Pretty skimpy but informative on why CJ has been held for two months since his arrest on August 18.
As noted earlier, CJ has been indicted, clubbed with a blunt                           COUNT 1
  Beginning on or about June 23, 1997, and continuing through
  December 9, 1997, at Tacoma and elsewhere, within the Western
  District of Washington, CARL EDWARD JOHNSON, did threaten
  to kill certain federal law enforcement officers and judges
  of the United States, with intent to impeded, intimidate, or
  interfere with said officers and judges on account of their
  official duties.
  All in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Sections
  115(a)(1)(B).
  Dated September 30 1998.
The June 23 and December dates bracket the messages cited in
the complaint by Jeff Gordon, and discussed here. The grand
jury must have base its charge on Jeff's complaint for there's
no explication of the charges in the indictment. (See the complaint
at: On the date of the indictment a bench warrant was issued for CJ's arrest. It was returned on October 9 marked "returned unexcuted - warrant issued in error - per AUSA Robb London." CJ was in Springfield during this time.
There were two handwritten notes. One says: "Called Tucson - Have Mag case on 98-2824M. Undergoing psych eval. 8/26/98. 520-620-7200.
The other: "10/5/98. Per Tucson, Deft in Psych Eval. Unsure of
dates in order to figure Speedy Trail."
A Case Status form, dated September 22, 1998, notes that CJ is
in detention based on a District of Arizona order, with the
note, "8-18-98; now awaiting compentency evaluation and R40
hearing." At the bottom the form states "The estimated trial time is 4 trial days."
What's screwy about all this is that when the grand jury returned the indictment and a bench warrant was issued, CJ was in Springfield but the AUSA seemed not to know it, or didn't tell the magistrate who issued the bench warrant, although the notes in the case file clearly showed that this information had been recorded. Who knows what else the grand jury and judge was
told or not told by the US Attorneys and the IRS -- the public record tells naught.
And CJ's right to a speedy trial, though noted, is overridden by the prolonged psychological evaluation process, as well as
overlooked or ignored communications between WA and AZ.
And the buffoonish bench warrant? That appears to indicate incompetence in the US Attorney's office -- that's AUSA
Robb London in charge (not to slight Katrina Pflaumer, USA, and William Redkey, AUSA, who also signed the indictment).
And the four days for a trial for alleged murder attempts? Is this real? Or is this threat of quick vicious justice by biased attorneys with vengence in mind, coupled with the prolonged delay, a ploy to coerce CJ to plead?
Brings back memories of Jim Bell's punishment by delay, isolation, manipulation, change of jails, and coercion, with a plea bargain just to get the the psychological torture to Wonder if Jim and CJ are allowed to swap tips and tricks on surviving political imprisonment in the United States of America. Creative writing of text and music, lyrics for the
song of assassination politics by American Justice.

@_date: 1998-10-21 19:54:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Status of GSM Crypto Attacks 
Forward from anonymous:
Wed, 21 Oct 98
An engineer at a US wireless telecom and a contributor to Cryptologia--has asked me to look into the present status of attacks on the GSM encryption schemes:  comp128 (a3a8 authentication, etc.) and, more importantly, the A5.1 and A5.2  voice/data encryption algorithms.
After searching the web, I see that you have similar interests in this matter.  I've already sent off inquiries to some of the researchers in this area--Ross Anderson, Simon Shepherd and the two Berkeley students (Goldberg and Wagner).  So far, I've only heard back from Wagner.  Do you have anything interesting to say about this matter--has anything happened since the Spring?  Has a consensus been reached on some of the issues discussed in the  document?
I'm trying to get a handle on the present state-of-the art:  Where do things presently stand--who is doing the work and what, if anything, has been verified/demonstrated?   Has A5 been cracked?   What can be said about the possibility of intercepting and decoding an on-air conversation?

@_date: 1998-10-22 23:42:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Info Sought 
An international television corporation seeks current or former National Security Agency employees and/or military members willing to provide information on the NSA base at Menwith Hill, England, and other operations of the US's global electronic surveillance and interception program.
E-Mail: jy at jya.com
JYA/Urban Deadline
251 West 89th Street, Suite 6E
New York, NY 10024
Tel: 212-873-8700
Fax: 212-799-4003
Anonymous and encrypted messages welcome.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: PGPfreeware 5.5.2 for non-commercial use -----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1998-10-23 10:37:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Gilmore Subpoena 
Source: Fax from John Gilmore
AO 110 (Rev. 12/89) Subpoena to Testify Before Grand Jury
                     UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
                    WESTERN DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON
    John Gilmore                    SUBPOENA TO TESTIFY
    210 Clayton Street              BEFORE GRAND JURY
    San Francisco, CA 94117
                              SUBPOENA FOR:
                              [X] PERSON   [X] DOCUMENT(S) OBJECT(S)
 YOU ARE HEREBY COMMANDED to appear before the Grand Jury of the United
States District Court at the place, date and time specified below.
PLACE                                        | COURTROOM
     United States Courthouse                | 	Room 311
     5th and Madison                         |_________________________
     Seattle, WA 98104                       | DATE AND TIME
  November 10, 1998
  1:15 P.M.
 YOU ARE ALSO COMMANDED to bring with you the following document(s) or    Please provide any and all of the following:
        a.   All electronic mail messages received, stored or
             otherwise obtained from or regarding the "Cypherpunks;"
        b.   Any and all Cypherpunk archives obtained, stored, or
             controlled by you; and
        c.   Any an all messages, correspondence, or e-mail,
             received from or involving CARL JOHNSON, C.J. PARKER,
             TOTO, TRUTHMONGER, A FIEND, to specifically include
             correspondence received from CARL JOHNSON while he was
             in Federal custody.
[ ] Please see additional information on reverse
 This subpoena shall remain in effect until you are granted leave to
depart by the court or by an officer acting on behalf of the court.
CLERK                                                | DATE
          BRUCE RIFKIN            Issued in Blank    | Oct 6, 1998
_____________________________________________________| 1998R00917
(BY) DEPUTY CLERK                                    | GJ 98-1
     [Signature of Patricia McCabe]                  | S/N  NAME ADDRESS AND PHONE NUMBER OF
This subpoena is issued on           | ASSISTANT U.S. ATTORNEY
application of the United States     | of America                           | ROBB LONDON, AUSA
 UNITED STATES ATTORNEY'S OFFICE
 800 5TH AVENUE, SUITE  SEATTLE, WA 98104 206/553-7970
* If not applicable enter "none"
[End subpoena]
JG Note:
  Preliminary advice from an attorney is that it is likely the
  Electronic Communications Privacy Act covers this request for stored
  electronic communications, therefore requiring a real warrant (not a
  subpoena), reimbursement for the expenses of complying, etc.
  Others (if any) who have received similar subpoenas should
  consult with their attorneys, and are encouraged to publish
  (to the list and the JYA.COM web site) anything they receive
  from the government.  Having more information is usually
  a good thing; currently the prosecutor knows what he's doing,
  so to speak, but we don't.
This is archived at:

@_date: 1998-10-24 22:39:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MIB Subponeas 
Toad has encouraged publication of any other subpoenas in the Toto-assassination case, and we've asked for info on any other solicitations by the MIBs to list subscribers, or others, such as that to Alan Greenspan posted here.
It's understandable that anyone served or solicited might want to keep that private, upon legal advice, or for self-protection.
However, it'd be a help to those of us awaiting the slug, or wanting
to aid and abet the MIB-fed fictional conspiracy, to know what is happening. For example, the dates of contact, when the documents were served and the means used, what was asked for, or anything that might be shared without necessarily identifying who was contacted. Anon to the list or to jya if preferred.
For example, Alcatraz's subpoena was dated October 9, for a
GJ session on November 10. We don't know when the subpoena was served or how. And how those dates and compare to those of Huntsville's, though in latter case we've been told the subpoena came with two MIBs.
JYA'd like to be in Tacoma when the WWA GJ is MIB imaginary
totostimony, either in response to character-assassinatory subpoena or by idly hanging out with attention-seeking gov assassination-groupies,  so some times and dates would be helpful if different from November 10.
Bee in the bonnet: A few days before CJ's arrest warrant was issued the DoJ put out a study on the "Shared Traits of Potential Assassins:"
   The traits:
    * To achieve notoriety or fame.
    * To bring attention to a personal or public problem.
    * To avenge a perceived wrong; to retaliate for a perceived injury.
    * To end personal pain; to be removed from society; to be killed.
    * To save the country or the world; to fix a world problem.
    * To develop a special relationship with the target.
    * To make money.
    * To bring about political change.
What? The ambitious MIB job description mirrors the Cypherpunk agenda?
The PR on the report goes on:
      The report outlines how law enforcement agencies can establish programs
  and systems to identify and prevent persons with the means and interest to
  attack a protected person.  The guide may also assist law enforcement and
  security agencies responsible for investigating and preventing other
kinds of
  targeted violence, such as stalking, domestic violence or workplace
  The report takes law enforcement agencies through the entire threat
  process, from designing a protective intelligence program to investigating
  suspicious persons to closing a case.
      Protective intelligence programs are based on the idea that the risk of
  violence is minimized if persons with the interest, capacity and willingness
  to mount an attack can be identified and rendered harmless before they
  approach a protected person.
      To obtain a copy of "Protective Intelligence and Threat Assessment
  Investigations" (NCJ 170612, 59 pp.), contact the National Criminal Justice
  Reference Service at 800-851-3420.
Amazing coincidence, this matching of Justice with the Cypherpunk
missions. MIB aiding and abetting MIB.

@_date: 1998-10-26 06:39:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: so, what did Toto *do*, exactly to get locked up? (Re: rules of en (fwd) 
Maybe the Feds have more on CJ than what's in Jeff
Gordon's complaint and it was provided to the Grand
Jury for the indictment, but maybe not. The alleged threat to murder federal officials surely ricochets noisily in governmental brainpans.
It's probable that law enforcement and judicial circles have a secret treasure of confidential warnings, alerts and operations about gland-thrilling potential threats -- of which the DoJ study cited here is only one peek into Pandora's twat,
wet just so to enthrall the high benchers and avid affidavites.
Domestic terrorism looms large in boosting security budgets and for rouging the mundane, boring justice system grinding ever so drearily, getting so little appreciation what with the luridities of the Billy-Kenny crotch graball, and the newsy African
bombings and cruise attacks -- what's a Public Servant got to
do to get what's due for self-sacrifice. Why finger an assassin, thank you god for Jim and CJ, for bottomless cypherpunks
conspiracy afermenting.
For example, I spoke to the Estevan police about CJ's arrest
warrant and was told that it was for a non-extraditable offense.
So there's not much pressure coming from Canada despite
Jeff's citing that background in his complaint. I asked for docs
to flesh out Jeff's complaint but couldn't get any.
Then we know that the Secret Service interviewed CJ but took
no action on his alleged threats against DC pols (and maybe against others -- there's another aspect of CJ threats that a cpunk might want to amplify).
And there's no evidence so far of FBI involvement in CJ's case,
which as noted here is somewhat hard to understand where
there's a threat of murdering federal officials. Why the IRS is the
principal investigative office for what is no longer merely an IRS matter is not yet answerable based on what's public.
It could be that a broader investigation is underway and Jeff's
is a cover. Let us pray for that, that thanks to Jim Bell and CJ we'll all be hyperlinked to International Terrorism, the surefire stage
for rep building, raking dollars, the spunk of cpunk.
Wasn't that the characteristics of the American Dream in the DoJ list of assassin traits? Particularly, the lust to be cop-killed, or to forfeit property fast, whichever.

@_date: 1998-10-28 10:26:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MIB Subpoena 3 
We've received word of a third Grand Jury subpoena in CJ's case. With a request to not publicize the person and information sought. Yep, we tried to prize it loose, citing
Gilmore's model, but no go.
Word from that person is that the trial is expected to begin in mid-November, which could indicate that CJ's evaluation will be completed shortly.
Interest in attending is picking up. We've had requests to
keep several folks informed on dates of court activity.
All we got so far is the Nov 10 date on John Gilmore's Grand
Jury subpoena and the mid-Nov trial start. So any info is most BTW, has anyone seen news reports on CJ's case other than
those of Declan? If so, we'd like pointers or copies.

@_date: 1998-10-29 04:05:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MIB Subpoenas 
[Misspelled subject corrected - my initial fault, SSM.]
Tim points out the risks of Grand Jury appearance and need
for legal counsel outside the hearing.
We'll add that it's fairly common to use Grand Jury testimony
to ensnare a target - and not only Bill - who thinks there's not
much to worry about based on the friendly strokes beforehand
by velvet-gloved agents. It's the false testimony, perjury, that sinks the hook. Especially when hit with unexpected questions about matters for which
no preparation has been made, those usually completely unlike what the friendly agents suggested was the main reason for politely asking for cooperation (not telling what they already
knew the target knows and will try to hide). Presumably an attorney would prepare for this, but not all, especially if time is limited and the target does not think there's any need to fully brief counsel (even dare to fancy lawyers
aint so smart).
A prime suspect in the African Embassy bombings, US citizen Wadi el Hage, was induced to come up to NYC from Texas in this fashion, testified before the GJ and was immediately arrested for giving false testimony to questions ranging over several years of his experiences and prior statements to the FBI. The Q&A can
be seen at:
   Note that while all the bombers are charged with murder, el Hage
is multiply-charged with perjury.
Note also that all the suspects used a variety of aliases, so the
Feds allege, just like CJ is mani-nymed in Gilmore's subpoena.
Also, in this case at least two of the four suspects have recently
been isolated from outside contact, on the pretext that they may
communicate orders to "terrorists," but, more probably because they
are cooperating with prosecutors who do not want the lovely
relationship to be interrupted by outsiders. Or the Feds want to
send a signal that that is the case to spook those being sought,
and the two not cooperating.
As Jim Choate noted, the implied threat of hellish treatment if
you don't cooperate produces heebie-jeebies and overhwhelming
desire to get your life back to normal everyday, familiar panic. And if you're in jail nursed by MIB and strangers in stripes, such a threat erodes what's left of your iron discipline to never, ever squeal on comrades.
NY Times front-paged yesterday the controversy over prosecutors
offering leniency for testifying against cohorts. During the summer
an appeals panel declared such practice be bribery prohibited under a 50-year-old law and ruled that it is illegal. Within hours a higher court overruled the panel, and the issue is expected to go to the Supremes.
Even so, the panel made some indelible remarks about prosecutors
not being above the law:
  In their densely worded opinion, the panel examined precedents
  as far back as the Magna Carta, which imposed limits on the
  exercise of sovereign power. The law prohibiting "whoever" from
  offering a witness anything of value in exchange for testimony
  should apply, the judges said, to prosecutors as well as to
  everyone else.
  "Decency, security and liberty alike," the panel said, "demand that
  Government officials shall be subject to the same rules of conduct
  that are commands to the citizen."
As expected, prosecutors were furious at the panel's decision, as
were many judges, claiming that the practice was hundreds of years
old and convictions could not be obtained without it. One judge said
the decision was "amazingly unsound, not to mention nonsensical."
The Times notes that the Miranda decision got the same reception,
and was fought fiercely by the status quo investors in the justice It's a good article for preparing to meet the good and bad MIB trolling
for all too trusting, easily spooked rubes, a/k/a terrorists, a/k/a assassins.
In answer to a query about the 3rd subpoena recipient: it's not to a CDR or anon remailer operator.

@_date: 1998-10-29 12:33:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Assassin Report 
We offer the DoJ report on assassination
intelligence and threat assessment investigations,
cited in the post on "shared traits of potential
     (110K)
It's quite surprising in that the recommended policy
is to not arrest potential assassins but to attempt to
persuade them to give up their plans to attack, to establish trust in the LEAs who are encouraged to listen to grievances, and helpfully arrange for treatment of whatever underlies the menace.
It seems that most who threaten assassination do
not go through with it, but do enjoy the attention it
gets, so the report reassuringly states. Hmm.
True, there are some indicators of imminent threat
that warrant more severe measures -- such as the
subject's acquistion of weapons, participation in militant organizations and persistent stalking of
And, yes, a few performance artists want to be killed on TV.
It says that most of the tiny number (83 in 50 years) of actual "assassins, attackers and near-lethal approachers" (compared to the far larger number who only talk about it) are deliberate in their planning and highly
rational about why the deed is necessary -- even
those who are mentally unstable are totally sane
in preparing for and executing attacks.
All in all, the report says assassination is not a big deal
for it doesn't happen all that much, and the task at hand is to prevent rash acts by friendly persuasion and TLC.
And brace for the assassins who never give a clue of
what's coming.
So what is going on with CJ and Jim Bell? Scare sense into them, followed by caregiving, or serious jail time?
Recall that the Secret Service (which co-authored the report)
had a friendly talk with CJ about assassination threats not long before he was arrested by Jeff Gordon. Which fits the report's
Is the IRS out of touch with progressive law enforcement? Putting
on a show for effect? Or is Washington State truly a murderous nest of mad dog killers? Other than Microsoft.

@_date: 1998-10-30 21:04:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bic-Assassins Convicted 
Two men convicted in biological weapons case
October 30, 1998
Web posted at: 3:10 a.m. EST (0810 GMT) BROWNSVILLE, Texas (AP) -- Two men accused of scheming to attack President Clinton and others with cigarette lighters equipped with poison-coated cactus needles were convicted of sending threatening e-mail. Johnie Wise, 72, and Jack Abbott Grebe, 43, were convicted Thursday of two counts of sending threatening e-mails -- one message to the Internal Revenue Service and one to the Drug Enforcement Agency. Grebe and Wise were acquitted on one count each of conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction count and five counts each of sending threatening messages -- to President Clinton, U.S. Customs, the FBI, the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms, and the Secret Service. They could get life in prison at their Jan. 29 sentencing. Prosecutors said Wise schemed to modify a cigarette lighter so it would shoot cactus needles coated with toxins such as rabies, botulism, anthrax or HIV. Defense attorneys called idea 'silly'
Among the men's alleged targets: Clinton, the U.S. and Texas attorneys general, and FBI Director Louis Freeh. Defense attorneys called the idea "silly" and "cockamamie." There was never any evidence that the accused possessed biological weapons or tried to develop a deadly lighter. The e-mailed threats were vaguely worded and did not discuss the lighter or cactus thorns. Under federal law, however, the threats were enough for a conviction and no biological weapons were needed, prosecutors said. The men would have carried out their plan to hurt government employees and their families if they hadn't been arrested, Assistant U.S. Attorney Mervyn Mosbacker said. Wise and Grebe were accused of concocting the plan to threaten government officials with e-mails. One e-mail, sent June 12, was titled "Declaration of War" and a second one, sent June 26, said government workers had been "targeted for destruction by revenge." A third defendant, Oliver Dean Emigh, 63, was acquitted on all counts. He was accused of writing the June 12 message, but the charges against the men stemmed from the June 26 e-mail.
Thanks to D.

@_date: 1998-10-31 04:59:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: More on Bic-Assassins 
Jim Choate:
What's the buzz in TX about the Bic-Assassins?
I spoke to a reporter at the Brownsville Herald who's
been covering the case and she says that local
folks think the men were entrapped by the government
with a sting.
Her story today and others previously at:
   She sent me a copy of the indictment which cites a
confidential "source" which set up the E-mail system used to send threats to officials (the fink promised
the messages could not be traced - ouch!). The poor saps were videotaped throughout their planning and executing the threats, thanks to the informant's    The informant is named in the court docket (which shows
that the defendants' attorneys put up a fierce fight
using First Amendment and other defenses discussed
here in regard to CJ):
   The judge's rulings favored the government consistently, BTW, the prosecutor says that it made no difference that
nothing was ever done to act on the threats, no Bic-lighter
or bio-weapon was ever made, that it was enough under the law for the threat to have been made. "Justice was
done," he said of the conviction.

@_date: 1998-11-01 08:23:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: don't use passwords as private keys (was Re: Using a   password as a private key.) 
Not to beat an NDA horse but while we're waiting for NSA to
process our FOIA request for TEMPEST docs, are there
products available to shield a desktop box, or better, a laptop?
We're so ignorant of what's allegedly in the classified docs
that we're trying to design a glass box with RF glazing materials
supplied by a corp that makes it for buildings. It would fit over
the box, keyboard and monitor, and should shield them, but leaves cables and power lines to solve, not counting how to get our hands into the keyboard. As an alternative we're looking at
a reengineered CAD tablet with puck to select letters and/or words/phrases, or maybe a voice gadget. Yeh, yeh, bugs in the lamp, but one solution at a time.
If we get it to work, or at least credibly marketable to people more techno-stupid than we are, following the cryptography model,
we figure we'll position it as an upscale decorative hot shit privacy fashion statement, an anti-spy-tech ensemble made of
temperature sensitive glass to change thoughout the day or as passions wax and wane with the market and self-image. Retail price: oh, maybe, $25,000 for 100% assured RF protection
("Not Even NSA Can Snoop!) of your secret business communications and sordid affairs, give or take a few leakages that'll never be missed until the mate's PI burgles the crystal. Someone's going to suggest a copper screen sandwiched in pinstriped
serge, but how do you see the monitor? Or a Frank Gehry-warped
Faraday cage, or god knows what's under the NDA blanket. However, time's running out: when NSA releases those 12 TEMPEST docs next summer that 1000% percent markup on classified TEMPEST products is going down.
The market's going to be flooded with certified fakes, ours leading.
The brand name's a secret but you'll see it on the ticker.
Speaking of promo, we saw last night on the Free Congress site a reference
to a report titled "Cyhperpunks v. Cryptocrats: The Battle Over US Encryption
Standards," by Lisa S. Dean. We missed that in the past and the site only
cites it without a link. Anybody know of it, and how to get it? See:

@_date: 1998-09-07 20:27:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: What we are Fighting 
Tim asks:
Threat of terrorism will be the impetus for applying national security restrictions domestically, for relaxing cold war limitations on spying
on Americans, for dissolving barriers between law enforcement
and military/intelligence agencies.
Technical means for access to encrypted data will probably
come first in communications, then to stored material. There
will be an agreement for increased CALEA wiretap funding, which is what the two cellular and wired suits against the FBI intend,
(paralleling what the hardware and software industries want from
federal buyers of security products).
This will provide the infrastructural regime for the gov to monitor and store domestic traffic as NSA does for the global, using the same technology (NSA may provide service to domestic
LEA as it now does for other gov customers for intel).
Other access will come through hardware and software for
computers, paralleling technology developed for telecomm tapping,
tracking and monitoring. Most probably through overt/covert features of microprocessors and OS's, as reported recently of Wintel and others, but also probably with special chips for DSP and software for modular design -- why build from scratch when these handy kits are As noted here, the features will appear first as optional, in response
to demand from commerce, from parents, from responsible
institutions, to meet public calls for protection, for privacy, for
combating threats to the American people. Like wiretap law, use of the features for preventative snooping will initially require a court order, as provided in several of the crypto legislative proposals.
Like the wiretap orders, gradually there will be no secret court refusals for requests to use the technology in the national interest.
A publicity campain will proclaims that citizens with nothing to hide will have nothing to fear. Assurance of safety will be transparent, no clicks on the line. In a digital world, home-office devices will send
lifestyle data to the device manufacturers over the always monitoring transparental Net.
Personal privacy will evaporate almost unnoticeably, as with the tv remote control, cp/defcon/bar brag, telephone, fax and forever-lovers

@_date: 1998-09-07 20:55:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: What we are Fighting 
The Ft. Bragg Net-offering of PGP (since withdrawn) has been available on our site without restrictions since April 1998 in the public interest:
     (includes the Ft. Bragg page; 274K)

@_date: 1998-09-07 23:47:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: What we are Fighting 
It would be fitting for this list to be distinguished as
the place where crypto-in-a-crime was first committed.
What might that be? A match of the crime committed
to prevent widespread strong crypto?
Crypto-criminal anonymity in the national interest (governmental
secrecy) fighting to prevent crypto-criminal anonymity in the public interest (private secrecy).
This is not a troll, but query on what could be done to to tip the hand and identify those unnamed who are most fearful of strong cryptography, not their public rougers in the 3 divs of gov.

@_date: 1998-09-08 01:48:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: What we are Fighting 
True that governmental dietary laws are immensely flexible when the dogs are hungry.
Given that moral and financial and political betrayal and treachery do not qualify for grave natsec threat, and only those acts which aim at snatching the very best technology for political control, it's the NBC toys that attract most of the serious searchers for terrorists under the global bed.
For crypto-in-a-crime that might mean sending here an encrypted
message with an explanatory note that it contains, say:
How to tell the difference between decoys and the real tranporters of nuclear components among the national labs and/or to Pantex for disassembly.
Or where the recovered Pu and triggers are stored in the TX panhandle, helpfully describing what's fake and what's not,
what the security plan is, not disinfo, what tools are needed to pick up emanations, how to weed the spoofs.
Or what and where BW or CW armaments are being refreshed,
repaired, deactivated, or invented in top secrecy just in case
some rogue violates a treaty, what tools are needed to sniff precursors, how to weed the spoofs, and how to avoid seeded soil in your backyard.
Or where key targeters of foreign terrorists live, their childrens' school, their favorite places to get away from the terrible
responsibility for USG assassination politics.
Or, could one encrypt a message to oneself claiming to
contain such information, post it here, see who wants
your heart and mind.
Or, create a PK pair, encrypt such a message, then post it,
both keys and PW here. Would the pacesetter be traced?
Would anyone notice, though? Would waiting for the disaster
be better strategy?
Thousands of threats pour in, State says, Secret Service says,
IC says, way too many to fully investigate, until one proves blessedly true, ah yes, the likely suspect, then marshal the targeters to cruise congress whispering look at this, to OK cleansweeping CDR, according to immensely flexible menus
long set.

@_date: 1998-09-08 02:58:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tesla's Secrets 
DoD's latest standard for protection against electromagnetic
effects, MIL-STD-464, "Electromagnetic Environmental Effects

@_date: 1998-09-09 08:02:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Carl Johnson Warrant and Complaint 
Thanks to anonymous we offer the arrest warrant and
complaint against Carl Edward Johnson:
     (23K)
List Cypherpunks is spotlighted by the IRS complainant,
Jeff Gordon, who made Jim Bell famous. The list is quoted, logged, tracked, and cited for its hosting alleged death threat messages against federal officials, which were
PGP-authenticated and -decoded, and their style and content assessed for identity of the author, along with other allegations by the RCMP on what Carl may or may not have done up north and by the Secret Service on Carl may or may not have said out west.
We have also been told that Carl is known as "The King
of Country Porn" among admiring fans of his music.
Whether this has anything to do with the little-known person we're seeking information about is a mystery.

@_date: 1998-09-09 12:52:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Checking CDR 
Those of us on cyberpass.net are not getting mail this
morning so I've subbed to algebra and ssz to see if the
x-posting is working.

@_date: 1998-09-09 17:15:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: A Cypherpunk Trial, Yes 
Yes, this is a crucial point. The innuendo of the complaint needs
checking, and read with a heap of salt, although it's probable that the Feds have more than revealed so far. They've more fanciful stories to spiel of the confabulous material of the Mounties and Estevan Bombies, and SS agents and bunkered magistrates and imperiled Cindys needing protection from the Killer Bots.
To hawk tickets we have added links within the complaint to all the Cpunk messages cited, but for those who don't want to download it again or search the archives, here they are                 (not June 10, as in the complaint; thanks to
      It was a pleasure to reread Toto(s)'s stuff while searching the cpunk amazing archives -- what a waterfall from everyone of free association, tants, jibes, potshots and richochets and self-mockery. I now believe the report from TX that Carl's got an IQ off the charts
like all cpunks off the wall.
It's worth keeping in mind that multiple users of pseudonyms is
not unusual, at least among artists long before the Internet, and not only performance group e-mailers like the Totos, CJ Parkers, XxxMongers, Gus-Peters and endless Anonymees jostling for
Two venerable and heavily-used nyms in Europe are Luther Bissett and Monty Cantsin. A dazzling Monty Cantsin posted here for a while. A Luther Bissett message ridiculing the recent kiddie porn
sweep was posted to Cyberia a few days ago. But these pseudonyms and others are frequently used to taunt uptight authoritarians by substantial numbers of people, sometimes acting in concert but most often acting alone.
An exemplary case of acting up like the Totos and other performance
pseudo-Feynmann's here, is that of Dario Fo, the Italian artist who recently won the Nobel Prize. His off the chart genius, too, was in mixing the real and imaginary to challenge, and to frighten, authority into revealing their treacherous deception of the real and imaginary to maintain state and religious control century after century, culture
after culture. He, too, was regularly condemned by those obsesses
with holding onto power, and sometimes arrested, for his imitations
of them at their most buffoonish and serious.
Fo is from an earlier generation, though, and what more agressively
offensive form is suitable for those younger we may be witnessing in the Jim Bells, Unknown Arrestees, and those here not yet projected onto the world stage but working the crowd most effectively.
Black Unicorn, step up to the mike. Show magic.
In any, case, I'm delighted to see Cypherpunks get credit in the Johnson
pseudo-complaint for hosting transgressive art appropriate for the age of widespreading disinformation. A tumultous trial to amplify this forum's mayhemic virtues and vices would be magnificently chaotic and hopefully anarchic to the max. Pray for CJ to get an equally mad attorney to demand his day, and our day, in court. This under-recognized witness is eager for a highly offensive part to play, a gibbering idiot like Toto(s), you bet, I admire their style of
spleen and threat to the fools of seriousness.

@_date: 1998-09-09 21:35:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CP Cite 
We're putting together copies of cpunk messages Jeff Gordon cites in the Carl Johnson complaint and have found all in the archives except one dated June10, 1998. Jeff describes it:
   15. On June 10, 1998, an anonymous message was    posted to the Cypherpunks Internet group. In the
   message, it is stated that the bomber "placed the bomb    before embarking on a middle-leg of the TruthMonger
   SoftTarget Tour of Planet Terra." The message also    referenced an RCMP plan to "drive a known madman    crazy enough to finally put him away turned bad, and
   resulted in a backlash of death and destruction ..." I    noted that this message contained information about the
   courthouse bomb incident which had not previously been    made public, and was written in a style and manner
   which I recognized as being similar to other writings    which my investigation has linked to JOHNSON. In his
   interview with Special Agent Sheridan, JOHNSON    acknowledged using the name TruthMonger, and also
   stated he had psychological problems, both of which    correspond to this message. We'd appreciate getting a copy (yes, Jeff, if you would, anon ok).
BTW, there's a brief message from Lucky Green yesterday
in the archives on CEJ which did not appear on the
cyberpass list, AFAIK, although it was sent to ssz.com. Do such
gaps happen much in CDR?
Yeah, yeah, I post to toad, and aim to be the last one who
does, so drive me AP-mad.
BTW2, anybody know what Linda Reed thinks of her infame?
BTW3, we heard from TX that CJ's music/perform art is going to be boosted in concert with his god-sent cornseed of publicity.

@_date: 1998-09-10 08:11:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CJ Key Check 
Bear in mind that that information on this matter may be used to hammer or help Carl Johnson if not others.
As Adam Back has proposed: To check the validity of the allegations made by the IRS about Toto(s)'s messages in the Carl Johnson complaint, a review is underway of archived messages to see if there are any signatures by a key before the private key has been posted, especially if the post in question has been (or may be later) cited by the IRS.  If there are none, then the IRS "authentication" of the claimed Toto posts evaporates.  Even if there are some, the `authentication' becomes more suspect if there are others which are made after the key post.
To assist checking messages an initial list of candidate keys is available (none of the anonymous keys show a link to Carl Johnson
of the IRS complaint):
   Additional candidates and findings of message checks are welcomed,
with a nod to the opening caution.

@_date: 1998-09-10 13:59:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CJ Update 
This from the AZ court docket of September 2 (note the out of sequence
entry date for the first item which was not there when we got the docket
on September 2 although the last two were):
8/25/98  6       ( FILED: 8/31/98) MINUTES:  before Mag Judge Nancy Fiora
                 Court telephonically notified that Carl Johnson is
                 defecating in his food tray, mutilating himself and writing
                 on the walls with his blood; court notes that dft spat upon
                 officers while awaiting his initial appearance[cc: all
                 cnsl] [6-1] re: minute entry [6-1] (sms)
                 [Entry date 09/02/98]
8/26/98  --      ORAL MOTION  for Psychiatric exam [0-0]  by Carl Edward
                 Johnson (sms) [Entry date 08/27/98]
8/26/98  5       ORDER  by Mag Judge Nancy Fiora granting  motion  for
                 Psychiatric exam [0-0]  Psychiatric examination ordered
                 for Carl Edward Johnson (sms) [Entry date 08/27/98]
The AZ docket is archived at:
   We also got today the Western Washington court docket which
shows when CJ's arrest warrant was issued and sealed, August 5:
   We did a quick check of the WA court's cases for others (TCM and JYA)
who may have a sealed arrest warrant in force, but found none. But if there are any they may not be entered in the public record yet, as with
Carl's performance artistry.

@_date: 1998-09-10 15:39:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: oil, greens, recycling, and poly-ticks. 
Ray's a much too delicate a cpunk to report what going on
with low-flow toilets in NYC. Most of us close the lid, kick
the lever fleeing the stench, which jiggles the muck a bit, leaves it for the next hold-breath lid lifter, who figures that's what Guiliani has ordered the lifestyle cops.
Trainspotting-type diving for the good stuff is the practice
in Manhattan's best clubs, where Brut reigns, and Carl's seasonings show the way to theme prison food franchising, emulating the CEO who Julia Childed the airline food cart.
Let me tell later about The Harvard Club of NY's kitchen inability
to pass a health inspection since the Depression. Having surveyed
it recently DN and me toyed with the DCSNY's lunch there, other swell-suited cpunks wolfed it like CJ had pronounced it A-OK.

@_date: 1998-09-10 20:07:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Springfield Medical Center 
Thanks for the update on CJ. Please keep us informed. More on
CJ's music and how to get it, and help promote it, would be
welcomed. It sounds wonderfully rude and vulgar, all right!
Below is a 1994 thumbnail description of the U.S. Medical Center for Federal Prisoners in Springfield, Missouri, taken from a long, critical report on prisoner health care with more on the Springfield
facility available at:
    (81K)
Bureau of Prisons Health Care: Inmates' Access to Health Care Is Limited
by Lack of Clinical Staff (Letter Report, 02/10/94, GAO/HEHS-94-36).
SPRINGFIELD MEDICAL REFERRAL CENTER
   MISSION OF REFERRAL CENTER
The U.S. Medical Center for Federal Prisoners in Springfield,
Missouri, is one of the Bureau of Prisons' six referral centers that
treat male medical, surgical, and mental health patients.
   LOCATION AND CONDITION OF FACILITY
The Springfield Medical Referral Center is an administrative
facility, meaning it is equipped to house inmates of all security
levels.  It was built about 1933.  Inmates live in six connected
buildings, each of two or three stories.  The medical facilities are
concentrated in four of the six buildings.  The acute and chronic
care medical and surgical patients are housed in units that resemble
typical hospital rooms, except that several rooms in each unit have
locked doors.  These locked cells are used for patients who are (1)
dangerous to staff or other inmates, (2) participating in the federal
witness protection program, or (3) waiting for their custody status
to be determined.  The mental health patients are housed in units
that resemble typical prison cell blocks with one-man cells.
Springfield also has a unit that can contain up to 37 inmates in
individual locked cells for disciplinary or protective reasons.
   NUMBER OF INMATES AND PATIENTS SERVED
Springfield serves approximately 1,120 inmates, including 439
patients who require medical or surgical care and 294 who need
psychiatric care.  The medical and surgical care is provided to about
46 acute care patients, 54 patients receiving renal dialysis, and 393
other chronic or recovering patients.  The mental health population
includes 177 treatment patients and 117 forensic inmates who are
being evaluated for their mental ability to stand trial.
   NUMBER AND TYPE OF MEDICAL BEDS
The Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations
rates Springfield as a 46-bed acute care and 177-bed mental health
   NUMBER AND TYPE OF STAFF POSITIONS AUTHORIZED    AND FILLED
In July 1993, Springfield had 279 authorized health care positions,
including 5 psychiatrists, 15 medical/surgical physicians, an
optometrist, 12 physician assistants, 127 nurses, 9 pharmacists, 12
psychologists, 6 quality assurance staff, 10 medical records staff,
and 82 other health care staff.  At that time, 18 positions were
vacant, including 3 medical physicians, a surgeon, a psychiatrist, a
physician assistant, 10 nurses, 1 medical records staff, and 1 other
health care staff.  The following specialists were working at
Springfield:  3 general practitioners, 4 psychiatrists, 2 internists, 2 neurologists, 1 physiatrist, 1 anesthesiologist, 1 orthopedic surgeon, and 1 chief of health programs.
Physicians and physician assistants are available 24 hours a day.
However, physicians generally work from 7:30 a.m.  to 4:00 p.m.
During the evening and night shifts and on weekends, one physician,
one psychiatrist, and one psychologist are on call.  Physician
assistants are available in the facility 16 hours a day.  Nurses are
responsible for medical care between 10:00 p.m.  and 6:00 a.m.
Nursing service is provided 24 hours a day.
   STAFF ORGANIZATION
The Associate Warden for Medical Services supervises most of
Springfield's health care staff, including nurses and technicians.
The Clinical Director is responsible for the internal medicine
physicians, psychiatrists, surgeons, dentists, physician assistants,
the quality assurance coordinator, utilization manager, and
infection-control practitioners.  The Associate Warden for Mental
Health Services is responsible for the psychologists and social
workers who work with the mental health patients.

@_date: 1998-09-10 20:23:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Impossible Analysis Paper at Crypto98 
There's talk of a paper given at Crypto98 on "Impossible
Differential Analysis" which got the NSA people scribbling
like mad taking notes as though this was something that
had never come up at the agency and they'd better get
right on it.
Roughly, as I heard it (and I may be way off), the premise is that instead of using differential analysis for finding weaknesses in a cipher, to flip that to determine what could not possibly be a weakness in a cipher and build one with just those attributes.
Is this report correct, and is there a source for that paper?

@_date: 1998-09-11 10:56:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: U.S. House only has a T-1 
Good piece, Declan. Is Time getting access to the restricted
Congressional Web site which offers the Starr report early for
members only drooling? Or are the major mediums getting
preferential copies in concert with the deliberately under-provided
House/Thomas/GPO rigs?
These are the four public access sites given by the NYT today,
which notes that no one yet knows the digital format -- text,
word processor or PDF images:
     (House Information Resources)      (House Judiciary Committee)      (Library of Congress)      (Government Printing Office) If its PDF then the delay is surely deliberately planned to favor
those with scratchback access.

@_date: 1998-09-12 10:46:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Clinton's fake apologies 
Declan, a few questions on the CDs of the Starr report: 1. Did the press get the CDs, say, embargoed, before the House authorized release? 2. Who handled the CD distribution, the House or Starr or 3rd 3. Do you know anything about how the CDs were made, by Starr's op or some other party, and when made?
4. Will there be pre-releases of press-only CDs of the remaining material, that is, is there a boxed-series prepared of the whole
wad for lobbing week by weekly?
This is a query about fake news, lying, perjuring, you know, to
the American People, whatever that junk-populace is cooked up to be.

@_date: 1998-09-12 14:10:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Investigating the Suspect Computer 
Is there a PKZip-encryption cracker online for the following program which claims to offer a link to a couple of dozen shareware password crackers of
popular programs?  The exe-file is easily downloaded. There's a copy for testing for privacy protection:
    (20K)
Investigating the Suspect Computer
PC Data Recovery for the Criminal Investigator
Law Enforcement Use Only
   http//
WHAT EXACTLY, DOES THE SOFTWARE DO ? The software is designed to almost completely automate
the formidable task of extracting forensic data from
today's modern personal computers with large or multiple
hard drives. The program automatically examines startup
files for "booby traps", and searches the entire machine
for "bomb" programs which, if triggered, could destroy
valuable evidence on the machine. PC-Investigator runs
exclusively from diskette, at the DOS level, and does
NOT perform any write operations to the hard drive. This
insures that fragile data, or files that may be evidence
which have been deleted, or are resident in "slack
space", are not inadvertently overwritten. A unique feature of the software is the ability to construct
custom-tailored reports. The catalog function extracts
and organizes all the files on the hard drive, and sorts
them into order by type, date and time, according to
directory. During this process, all the readable (text) files
are extracted into a separate list, and are organized by
type in the report. Also available is an extracted report
listing of graphic (picture) files, and files that are typically used on the Internet, along with an extracted list of word processor files, backup files, ASCII text, and files that are recovered by CHKDSK or SCANDISK, which are
commonly overlooked as a source of forensic evidence. PC-Investigator has unique features that duplicate the
manual functions normally performed during such
forensic investigations. The most valuable feature is the
ability to search all the files on the disk for the presence
of up to 600 words or phrases called HotWords, that you
supply in an editable file. This function is the equivalent
of the manual process of "Find Files and Folders" / "Files
Containing" under Windows 95 , which typically takes
30 seconds to 3 minutes to do manually for each word or
phrase you are looking for. The function is performed
using words and phrases from the HotWord list,
hundreds of times per second.
A typical 2 Gigabyte hard drive may contain over 500
readable text files. A manual search for the occurrence of
a single word or phrase occurring in those files typically
takes 90 seconds. If you had to search for those 200
words manually, the time required would be  5 hours at
the keyboard. The HotWord search feature of PC-
Investigator performs this function on a 486/50 machine
in just under 45 minutes. If the number of files to be
searched is substantially higher, such as on today's large
hard drives (typically 2 to 4 Gigabytes, with 12 Gigabyte
drives available on top-end systems) the time required to
perform an exhaustive search would be proportionately
higher (500 to 1,000 man-hours). PC-Investigator
completely searches a 2 Gigabyte drive n a 486/120
machine in just under 24 hours. The faster the processor,
and hard disk controller, the faster the program will run to
completion. The best part is that each file containing any of the words
or phrases in your list is cataloged in the report, along
with the number of "hits" or HotWords found in the file.
After the program is started, and the desired options are
selected, the program will run un-attended, doing the
work that would normally not be done in such cases
because of the tremendous amount of time and effort
involved. Of course, files which do not contain "clear
text", or are DES or BLOWFISH / PGP encrypted will not
be flagged by the program. However, we have software
which addresses the problem of APPLICATION
encryption - that is - files which are encrypted by the
application which created them. For example, LOTUS
123, Quick Books, PFS Professional, and WordPerfect
are among the few programs which offer in-application
encryption of files. The program does NOT extract or examine the data from
"slack space". However, running the program is easy,
and can be done by almost anyone with a bit of computer
skills. The software is designed as a preliminary
investigative tool, to determine if a machine should be
examined by a professional. If this program indicates a
"HOT" machine, you can be certain that a more
extensive investigation is warranted.              -----
PCI-PACK.EXE Includes PC-Investigator software, manual and
Investigating The Suspect Computer THIS PACKAGE IS DISTRIBUTED TO LAW ENFORCEMENT AND PRIVATE INVESTIGATORS ONLY!!  THE ARCHIVE FILE IS [PKZip] ENCRYPTED, AND YOU WILL NEED A PASSWORD TO EXTRACT
THE ARCHIVE.  IF YOU ARE NOT WORKING IN LAW ENFORCEMENT, DON'T BOTHER TO DOWNLOAD THE FILE, WE WILL NOT DISTRIBUTE THE PASSWORD UNLESS WE CAN VERIFY YOUR CREDENTIALS.

@_date: 1998-09-12 19:59:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Investigating the Suspect Computer 
There's a batch of PKZip and other program cracker tools at:
   With links to other sites, which link to more, into the dark psychoses
of Trans-Ural and Andean regions -- some of the DNS's are off the
Even so, none seem to work on the pci-pack.exe I grabbed, at least
not for me. The file may not be complete, or it's a decoy, or all the
vile crackers I unzipped are DIRT-virii death-writhing in my unzapped

@_date: 1998-09-14 12:15:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Digital Wiretap Delayed 
We offer John Markoff's report today on the FCC decision to delay implementation of the FBI's digital wiretap requirements
under CALEA, along with the text of the decision:
     (93K)
The decision has a good review of the technical issues,
and explains why telco appeals of the requirements justified the CTIA posted here a notice of this on Friday.

@_date: 1998-09-14 22:56:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DoD on Crypto, Echelon, Secrets 
We attended Defense Secretary Cohen's talk today at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York City on "Security in a Grave World."
While not included in the prepared text, Secretary Cohen remarked in the Q&A on terrorism and encryption policy that Americans will have to decide how much privacy they will be willing to give up for protection against terrorism, and cited the FBI's similar views on the threat of encryption use by terrorists. Afterwards I had an informative chat with Kenneth Bacon, Assistant Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs, to ask about interviewing Secretary Cohen on Echelon, the global electronic intercept and surveillance system operated by the National Security Agency. Mr. Bacon said the Department will not comment on such matters. I acknowledged that was the case heretofore, but with intense European interest in Echelon, I asked if would it be possible for Secretary Cohen to give a statement on the topic.
I noted that Secretary Cohen in his talk today had listed international cooperation as a principal need of US defense policy, and that Echelon had raised considerable suspicion of US interception and surveillance prowess which could inhibit international trust and cooperation. I also asked Mr. Bacon if Secretary Cohen could discuss as well the possibility of further declassification of secret technology, as with the Skipjack encryption algorithm, to enhance US economic security and for protection against information espionage. Mr. Bacon said that others in the Department would be more appropriate to discuss such topics in detail then Secretary Cohen. I asked if anyone except the Secretary had authority to discuss Echelon and declassification of secret technology. Mr. Bacon would not answer that but suggested I send a letter proposing such topics for discussion and the Department will respond.

@_date: 1998-09-15 09:55:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Request to DoD for InfoSec 
Kenneth H. Bacon
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs
OASD (PA)
1400 Defense Pentagon
Washington D.C. 20301-1400
Dear Mr. Bacon,
Three points of Secretary Cohen's informative talk[*] at the Council on Foreign Relations last evening would benefit
by amplification, and I ask your assistance in arranging an
interview with the Secretary to focus on the Department's
policy on information security technology.
1. The first concerns his view on the interdependency of military
and economic affairs for assurance of national security.
1.1 What does he see as the prospect for further declassification of restricted defense technology for use by industry for protection of information against economic espionage, as exemplified in the declassification of the Skipjack encryption algorithm. 1.2 And what other services and/or technology the defense supply
and intelligence agencies may provide non-governmental customers in competition with other nations where closer cooperation between such agencies and industry is more common.
2. The second concerns the need for international cooperation
for US defense policy and how that is impacted by publicity and criticism of the Echelon electronic intercept program and other
national technical means not customarily discussed in public by the Department.
2.1 What are Secretary Cohen's views of programs such as Echelon political and international trust issues and what he is his view of European calls for investigation of Echelon.
2.2 What are Secretary Cohen's views as a constructive response to charges that Echelon and other national technical means are offensive military and economic espionage against those from whom the US desires defense cooperation.
3. In the Q&A on the topic of terrorism and encryption, Secretary Cohen remarked that the American people will have to decide how much privacy they are willing to give up in order to be protected from
terrorist threats.
3.1 What are the Secretary's views on how disputes on encryption
policy could be resolved in light of his calls for closer connection
between military and economic interests and for international cooperation for defense policy.
Your office has always been exemplary in responding to requests
for information. Thank you very much.
John Young
JYA/Urban Deadline
251 West 89th Street, Suite 6E
New York, NY 10024
E-mail: jya at pipeline.com
Tel: 212-873-8700
Fax: 212-799-4003
* See:

@_date: 1998-09-16 08:22:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Deals 
News of easing US crypto limits sounds like the pr-fluff
put out in the summer for easing controls only for financial
institutions -- BXA is scheduled to release the rule
for that about now (originally set to be "near Labor Day"). If the news is about this rule, it may allow a few more "reputable institutions" to get the privilege traditionally extended to banks, so long as longstanding cooperation with
government is assured.
There's a report out of France on the government's issue of
a paper on crypto policy that reaffirms GAK for electronic
commerce with zero protection of privacy:
   There will probably be more such papers issued as international
cooperation to control encryption is codified in accordance
with the Wassenaar Arrangement and whatever secret
agreements Aron and others have concluded. The US version will probably come out gradually as global agreements are firmed up, Congress is briefed, and US agencies are satisfied that export holes in other countries have been closed.
Then watch for domestic clampdown on encryption, as Cohen and others have warned must be done to protect the populace from
too much freedom.
The secret deals among governments to share technology for information
security and electronic surveillance in return for global controls must be wonderful reads of duplicity and disinformation, among the participants
in the classified parts, and among the populace in the public versions.
On a related topic, weakness of DES, the ANSI X9 committee handling
cryptography has circulated a draft paper on what banks should do in response to recent successful cracks of DES:

@_date: 1998-09-16 11:19:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US Updates Crypto Policy 
THE WHITE HOUSE
                       Office of the Press Secretary
For Immediate Release
September 16, 1998
                     STATEMENT BY THE PRESS SECRETARY
                 Administration Updates Encryption Policy
     The Clinton Administration today announced a series of steps to update
its encryption policy in a way that meets the full range of national
interests:  promotes electronic commerce, supports law enforcement and
national security and protects privacy.  These steps are a result of
several months of intensive dialogue between the government and U.S.
industry, the law enforcement community and privacy groups that was called
for by the Vice President and supported by members of Congress.
     As the Vice President stated in a letter to Senator Daschle, the
Administration remains committed to assuring that the nation?s law
enforcement community will be able to access, under strictly defined legal
procedures, the plain text of criminally related communications and stored
information.   The Administration intends to support FBI?s establishment of
a technical support center to help build the technical capacity of law
enforcement - Federal, State, and local - to stay abreast of advancing
communications technology.
     The Administration will also strengthen its support for electronic
commerce by permitting the export of strong encryption when used to protect
sensitive financial, health, medical, and business proprietary information
in electronic form.  The updated export policy will allow U.S. companies
new opportunities to sell encryption products to almost 70 percent of the
world?s economy, including the European Union, the Caribbean and some Asian
and South American countries.  These changes in export policy were based on
input from industry groups while being protective of national security and
law enforcement interests.
     The new export guidelines will permit exports to other industries
beyond financial institutions, and further streamline exports of key
recovery products and other recoverable encryption products.  Exports to
those end users and destination countries not addressed by today?s
announcement will continue to be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.
     Very strong encryption with any key length (with or without key
recovery) will now be permitted for export, under license exception, to
several industry sectors.   For example, U.S. companies will be able to
export very strong encryption for use between their headquarters and their
foreign subsidiaries worldwide except the seven terrorist countries (Iran,
Iraq, Libya, Syria, Sudan, North Korea and Cuba) to protect their sensitive
company proprietary information.
     On-line merchants in 45 countries will be able to use robust U.S.
encryption products to protect their on-line electronic commerce
transactions with their customers over the Internet.
     Insurance companies as well as the health and medical sectors in those
same 46 countries will be able to purchase and use robust U.S. encryption
products to secure health and insurance data among legitimate users such as
hospitals, health care professionals, patients, insurers and their
     The new guidelines also allow encryption hardware and software
products with encryption strength up to 56-bit DES or equivalent to be
exported without a license, after a one time technical review, to all users
outside the seven terrorist countries.    Currently, streamlined exports of
DES products are permitted for those companies that have filed key recovery
business plans.  However, with the new guidelines, key recovery business
plans will no longer be required.
     The Administration will continue to promote the development of key
recovery products by easing regulatory requirements.   For the more than 60
companies which have submitted plans to develop and market key recovery
encryption products, the six month progress reviews will no longer be
required.  Once the products are ready for market, they can be exported,
with any bit length -- without a license -- world-wide (except to terrorist
nations) after a one-time review.   Furthermore, exporters will no longer
need to name or submit additional information on a key recovery agent prior
to export.  These requirements will be removed from the regulations.
     Finally, industry has identified other so-called "recoverable"
products and techniques that allow for the recovery of plaintext by a
system or network administrator and that can also assist law enforcement
access, subject to strict procedures.   The Administration will permit
their export for use within most foreign commercial firms, and their
wholly-owned subsidiaries, in large markets, including Western Europe,
Japan and Australia, to protect their internal business proprietary
     The Administration welcomes a continued dialogue with U.S. industry
and intends to review its policy in one year to determine if additional
updates may be necessary to continue a balanced approach that protects the
public safety and national security, ensures privacy, enables continued
technology leadership by U.S. industry and promotes electronic commerce.
                                   # # #

@_date: 1998-09-16 11:33:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US Crypto Update Fact Sheet 
The White House Briefing Room
September 16, 1998
FACT SHEET
                              THE WHITE HOUSE
                       Office of the Press Secretary
For Immediate Release
September 16, 1998
                                FACT SHEET
                 Administration Updates Encryption Policy
    Exports of 56-bit DES and equivalent products (hardware and software)
     will be streamlined (under license exception).  Requirements for key
     recovery plans are eliminated.
    Exports of unlimited strength encryption products (with or without key
     recovery) will be streamlined (under license exception) to certain
     industries.  The sectors are:
    Subsidiaries of U.S. Firms, worldwide (except seven terrorist nations).
    Insurance companies to the same 45 countries recently approved for
     exports to banks and financial institution exports.
    Health and medical organizations (including civilian government health
     agencies) in the same 45 countries.  Does not include
     biochemical/pharmaceutical manufacturers.
    On-line merchants for client-server applications, in the same 45
   countries, with the purpose of securing electronic transactions between
   merchants and their customers.  Does not include manufacturers and
   distributors of items controlled on the U.S. munitions list.
    Key Recovery products will continue to be exportable under license
     exception worldwide (except seven terrorist nations).  Review of
     foreign key recovery agents is eliminated.
    Exports of "recoverable" products will be approved to most commercial
     firms, and their wholly-owned subsidiaries, in a broad range of
     countries under encryption licensing arrangements.  This group of
     countries covers most major commercial markets including Western
     Europe, Japan, and Australia.  The policy does not include service
     providers and manufacturers and distributors of items controlled on
     the U.S. munitions list.
    Exports to end users or destinations outside this policy are possible
     on a case-by-case basis.
    Prior to export, products are subject to a one-time product technical
     review.
                                   # # #

@_date: 1998-09-16 18:19:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Gore, Others on Crypto Policy 
There's a transcript of today's White House press conference on
the new US encryption policy at:
   VP Gore, Justice, FBI, DoD, NSA, CIA, BXA and cooperating
industry were there explaining the way it's supposed to satisfy
all interests of the agencies and a few good businesses if not the citizenry. Domestic crypto restrictions? Well, take a look at how that was punted. And what the FBI is setting up to see that law enforcement needs are met, and what DoD is planning for surveilling the globe, strong crypto or not.
Not a word about backdoors, TA, DIRT, keyboard snooping, covert chip features, compromising emanations, national technical means,
just assurances that the plan satisfies the interests of the protectors.

@_date: 1998-09-17 06:47:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IRS Spam on CJ 
Hash: SHA1
This is a follow-up to the IRS Jim Bell spam last year, the IRS
troll on CNN recently and other provocations.
Anybody get IRS or other spam/troll about CJ? If so, we'd like to see the message with full headers (ID omitted if you
like). Post here or send privately. Anon okay, probably
best. We'll share what we get.
If PGP preferred use the latest PK on the servers for , or any of the older ones.

@_date: 1998-09-17 13:41:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SecDef on Crypto, Privacy 
Excerpt from DoD transcription of Secretary of Defense Cohen's
remarks at the Council on Foreign Relations, New York City, September 14, 1998:
Let me say one other thing about terrorism.  We in this country much recognize the tension which will exist as you ask us, and we will ask all successor administrations, to protect us.  And you say, how do you protect someone against terrorists?  It means increased intelligence.  It means increased intelligence, having greater capability on the ground or from national technical sources to find out who is planning and plotting what at what place and what time.  To do that is going to put us in somewhat of a direct conflict with rights to privacy, something that we hold very dear in this country.  So the more intelligence-gathering responsibilities that any administration is going to have, there's going to come a point of tension and, indeed, friction between how much are you willing to give up in order to be secure.  Those are the kind of unpleasant choices that are going to be manifesting themselves in the near future.  We haven't really faced up to it yet.  We're starting to see some of that conflict at least intellectually develop when you see the manufacturers of software who don't like the fact that the law enforcement, the FBI, the Justice Department wants to have some method of getting into encrypted technology. You say, "Wait a minute, that's my right of privacy.  I'm a businessman or woman.  I want to be able to send information out over those -- those airwaves and have them completely protected."  Our Justice Department says, "Wait a minute, you want us to protect you.  But you're allowing criminal elements, terrorists and others
 -- organized crime, drug cartels -- to encrypt their telecommunications to the point where don't know what's going on.  And then something is going to happen, and you'll say, where were you?"
So those are the kinds of tensions that are going to continue to exist.  But we're going to have to have more intelligence to effectively deal with terrorism in the future.  [End excerpt]
Full transcript:
     (49K)

@_date: 1998-09-17 17:55:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell and CJ Upbeat 
Forwarded message:
I spoke with Jim last night. He had been "in the hole", as he calls it, for almost 7 days. This is when he is placed in a cell by himself on a different floor and is not
allowed out of it (they bring his food to him, instead of his going to the cafeteria, and can't go out to the social area - to play pool, for instance). He said it was because he had remarked to a warden that she had the ugliest voice in the whole world, after she repeatedly told the inmates to clean up their rooms even though they had complied
repeatedly to her demands. (I asked him if he had spent the time reading Atlas Shrugged, and he said he'd done that a bit. I don't think he's much interested in railroads, taking quite some time to get through it, although he told me he's a fast reader).
Anyway last night his things had been packed and he expected to be shipped to Oklahoma City this morning.  He will be there anywhere from half a day to two days and then be sent
on to Springfield, MO for the mental eval. Perhaps he will meet up with Toto there.
[End forward]
If it's not been mentioned here CJ was in transit to Springfield over the weekend, being held for unknown
reasons in OKC from where he called a fan who passed
on the news. He's in good spirits.
And Jim is reported to be in good spirits. So it's all
worked out, their notoriety a tonic for tired blood, try
it, depressives.
Both are sassing the jailers, getting railroaded to OKC and Springfield for a bit of mind-bending and -straightening. Are they fit to stand trial, oh yeah, do it, the snakes of Medusa.
No one knows what the OKC stopover for Jim or CJ is about,
maybe to introduce them to each other (Jim claims to not know CJ -- smart), maybe to kick dirt on the homeplate of
Murrah Memorial, get image-counseled by Anita Hill.
Jim and CJ in Springfield at the same time, getting heavy
mentaled, wordsmith assassination duelers. Now that's a Teen Spirit I'd like to smell.
Remember, Music Capital Branson is just down the road from Springfield if cpunks want to gather to banjo code duel.

@_date: 1998-09-18 07:22:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CJ Message 
This allegedly is forwarded from CJ, though from an unknown source so think twice:
    Thu, Sep 09 1998     part of a communication received via the anonymous route:
      "In the meantime, I hope that anyone who has possession of       the PGP Secret Keys for Toto, TruthMonger, Son of Gomez, Magic       Circle, etc., feels free to use them to digitally sign messages       to the CyperPunks Disturbed Male LISP.
      "Passwords:  sog, sog709, sog709cejCJP,sog709cjpCEJ, D'Shauneaux,       D'shauneaux, and others..."
Some of CJ's amazing output related to the message above
is archived at:
   See "Psychotic."

@_date: 1998-09-18 09:31:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: THE WHITE HOUSE: Briefing on encryption ( X-files ?? ) 
Lordgrey asks for a BXA URL:
BXA info on the new crypto policy:
      The only info there not issued by the White House is a list
of the 45 countries who get favorable treatment.
CDT says the implementation regs are due to be issued by
BXA sometime in October, and to watch out: "the devil is in the details."
In the meantime the 11 corporations who announced support
for the new policy will continue hemming, hawing and heeding
threat of license delay:
Here they are:
Ascend, Cisco Systems, 3Com, Hewlett-Packard Company, Intel, Netscape Communications, Network Associates, Novell, RedCreek Communications, Secure Computing, Sun One bit of sunshine, though, is Germany has announced that it
will lead a Euro attack on US crypto export limits because they
harm economic security:

@_date: 1998-09-18 17:33:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Calif Leads US with Mobile Tracker 
Thanks to John Gilmore.
CHP introduces cellular-friendly 911 system
Operators will now be able to capture the
telephone number and location of the caller
within a half-block area
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 17 - The California Highway Patrol
this week demonstrated a new countywide 911 system designed
to provide operators with the telephone numbers and
location of callers using mobile telephones.
Los Angeles County is the first in the state to use
the new technology, said CHP Sgt. Ernie Sanchez.
All local 911 calls for the CHP, whether via mobile
phones or "land lines," are routed to the CHP
half-a-millionCommunications Center just west of downtown, but mobile phone calls could not be traced until recently, Sanchez said.
"It doesnt matter if you live in Pasadena or Arcadia
or West Covina; if you call on a cell phone, that call will
go through the CHP Communications Center" and operators
will be able to capture the telephone number and location
of the caller within a half-block area, Sanchez said.
The enhanced technology has been in use for the past
three weeks, he said.
All major mobile phone companies are participating in
the test and demonstration of the system, Sanchez said,
adding that the technology should be in place nationwide by
2001 under Federal Communications Commission rules.

@_date: 1998-09-19 20:46:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CJ Update 
I'm writing to say that CJ has arrived at the Springfield Medical
Referral Center, where he will be held for a month or more (the phone says U.S.  Medical Center for Federal Prisoners) for "examination". Here is the address:              Carl E. Johnson
             U.S. Medical Center for Federal Prisoners
             Springfield, Missouri  65801
Also, to my delight, I received a letter from him today. He sounds okay.
CJ in his letter asks for physical mailing addresses for some of the
cypherpunks (no one specifically) so that he can send you things to post since I will be travelling.
[End Alia]
We'll be happy to digitize and/or post any mail from CJ folks want to share, anonymous and/or encrypted always welcome:
Fax: 212-799-4003
Vox: 212-873-8700
John Young
251 West 89th Steet, Suite 6E
New York, NY 10024
We've put all our PGP keys at:    And a bunch of keys for the wild bunch of Totos:

@_date: 1998-09-20 10:34:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CJ's Teeth Busted 
Relatives report that Jeff Gordon busted CJ's teeth, which
is why CJ was picked up, not for his wasted carcass, but
for the the cutting edge incisors being hosted and packed around North America like suitcase nukes. The teeth allegedly hold the secrets of why everyone except the FBI wanted CJ.
Jeff sent them to a LANL for DNA mouthwash decrypt for
whatever CJ did to whoever to social engineer access to Motorola's algorithm's for transmitting DEFCON 1.
Which means us .mil Totos got to go to the backup plan for richocheting/encrypting/mixing signals to the sats. Anyone forget where it is, send me a msg with the PK
    at infonex.com/
Search Heavenly Gate/Cypherpunks/Waco+CJ Parker..
The word on the IC Net (see above URL) is that the teeth are rigged to resist for no more than twenty days under pressure of counterterrorism's bite. Then they bark Semtext: fucking
jerks, then go nuclear. Monday is a key tumbler click.
More, there's a forwarded report from the alleged CJ that he spit in the eye of the T-man, wrote "Helter Skelter" on the cell mirror with his blood, and then, slow chewing a turd, ostentatiously peeked up the lady magistrate's Victoria Secrets, for which she brazen-hussily ordered him to forthwith gaze up this: MO.
Toto at AOL.com

@_date: 1998-09-21 15:04:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US Complaints in Embassy Bombings 
We offer three of the US complaints in the embassy
   These describe charges against Wadih el Hage, Mohamed Sadeek Odeh and Haroun Fazil, filed in New York's
Southern District.
El Hage is the American arrested last week that Guy referred to with the "This is a listed crime?" thread.
NYT reports on El Hage and Fazil:
   Odeh is the first suspect arrested at the Pakistani Fazil is an explosives expert charged with making the Nairobi bomb and directing the op. He is a fugitive with a $2m reward All are allegedly members of Qaeda, Bin Laden's "international
terrorist" group aiming to kill Yanks worldwide for Echelon-type
Know who's with Jim and CJ at Springfield? Blind Sheik Omar
of World Trade Center bombing fame and Mafioso John Gotti, who nearly croaked from lack of dental care at another pen.
The place has a distinguished history. See its honor roll on
Alta Vista. Search "Medical Facility for Federal Prisoners."

@_date: 1998-09-22 06:28:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: BXA Crypto Export Rule 
BXA issued today an interim rule on encryption exports and
easing of limits for select institutions announced in the summer:
     (83K)
   SUMMARY: This interim rule amends the Export Administration    Regulations (EAR) by clarifying controls on the export and reexport    of encryption items (EI) controlled for ``EI'' reasons on the    Commerce Control List. This rule incorporates public comments    on an interim rule published in the Federal Register on December    30, 1996, and implements new licensing policies for general    purpose non-recoverable non-voice encryption commodities or    software of any key length for distribution to banks and financial    institutions in specified countries.

@_date: 1998-09-25 09:21:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EU-US Relations and Spy Satellit 
EU-US relations and spy satellite
Monday 14 September
MEPs adopted the resolution emphasising the importance of EU-US relations and welcoming the New Transatlantic Agenda agreed at the 18 May London Summit. MEPs see the agreement as a means of reducing potential sources of conflict between both sides but
want Congress to scrap the extra-territorial Helms-Burton and d'Amato Acts. The resolution recognises the importance of cooperation in the field of electronic surveillance for tracking down international criminal terrorists and drug traffickers but takes the view that "protective measures concerning economic information and effective encryption" should be taken to guard against abuse and threat to civil liberties posed by international
telecommunications such as the "Echelon" US system. We were unable to find the full resolution online and would appreciate a pointer, or a hardcopy:
US Fax: 212-873-8700
John Young
251 West 89th Street, Suite 6E
New York, NY 10024
No response from DoD on our request to interview Secretary
Cohen about Echelon. And despite the spate of news reports
on the recent Euro Parliament debate about it, there have been
no questions about Echelon in DoD press briefings.
Perhaps one of our esteemed journalists with Pentagon links
could follow up on the Baltimore Sun coverage.
Duncan Campbell, the first to write of Echelon in 1988, is
offering information on Menwith Hill (NSA Echelon base) obtained by British protestors:

@_date: 1998-09-26 10:04:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EuroParl Hits ECHELON 
Duncan Campbell has provided the September 14
European Parliament multi-lingual discussion on ECHELON and the related minutes:
     (minutes in English; 11K)
     (discussion in several languages, not
English; 82K)
English translations of the latter are welcomed by Duncan and JYA.
EP official translations may be some time acoming.
Duncan Campbell

@_date: 1998-09-28 18:42:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Superterrorism 
The Fall issue of Foreign Policy has an article, "The Great
Superterrorism Scare," which critiques the national "obsession"
with the threat of terrorist use of weapons of mass destruction:
     (36K)
It examines the reasons for the obsession, who is promoting
it, who benefits, and what problems it may cause by diverting
attention and resources away from genuine threats of lesser
magnitude from religious cults, loners, antitaxers, militias and
those with raging paranoia against the government.
It's worth noting that the author recommends arrests be allowed of suspicious domestic hostiles though there is no proof of criminal intent, and that the FBI and CIA be freed from limitations on surveilling and investigating US citizens.

@_date: 1998-09-29 07:43:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Army Plonks 
Now that the terrified US Army has axed its Web sites, and NSA and several other mil sites seem inaccessible and
"temporarily unavailable" this morning, could this portend
a dual-use of the Internet, a closed one for porkbarrell mil and
secret gov sweethearts and a sappy infotainment one for civilians to gameboy infofoolery?
That would be a tri-power-gov implementation of dual-use terror-scare to hide perkbellied privileges of natsec obsession.

@_date: 1998-09-29 14:45:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Army Plonks 
These are quotes from a mil news group where this is being "Thing is, many of the Army's sites offered a wealth of
information, unclassified, and readily available in hardcopy,
to anybody who wants it.
To ease distribution and save millions in costs of distributing
this material around the world, the Web cannot be beat,
as even Hamre's directive emphasized for contracting and purchasing defense goods and educating its personnel.
An West Point bozo fucked up royally by pissing an arc to show Hamre
the combat guys know how to blow shit away big time -- the turkey
was named in some news reports, a LtGen of Info Services -- and revelaed
his prejudice toward loathsome civvy control and wily-hackered the whole damn system, "stupid jerk, fucking asshole, eat shit, fuck you,"
as my sqawk box mocks.
Hamre will get hammered for overreacting, too, he's been whining
about cyber threats for months now, when it's clear he doesn't
know shit about such systems, like most of the wrinkled fucks running
the natsec operation. They won't listen to the youngsters under
their command, they just want to destroy something to prove their
hardware prowess, being unable to wave their shriveled dicks now
that they'll get cashiered for being inappropriately related to
It will cost the military millions if not billions to return to a closed information system. And all those folks who were selling handy
off the shelf stuff for ballooning mil siles aint gonna keep quiet -- unless they get sweetheart deals for 10 times cost for secret shit that
aint worth shit to anybody except the lard asses always screaming
for more protection for the Amercian people."

@_date: 1998-09-30 19:10:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI Responds to Barr 
The FBI today responded to accusations by Rep. Bob Barr of "an effort by the Department of Justice to obtain massive new enforcement powers in the closing days of the 105th    DoJ promises to provide a response tomorrow.

@_date: 1998-10-01 10:53:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Canada's Crypto Policy 
Thanks to MC Taylor for pointing we offer a speech
today by Canada's Minister of Industry on a new
cryptography policy:
     (16K)
It has links to several sites with related policies in the

@_date: 2000-12-05 09:09:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: About 5yr. log retention 
Here's the source for the data preservation requirement:
Preservation is not a new idea; it has been the law in the United States for nearly five years.  18 U.S.C. 2703(f) requires an electronic communications service provider to "take all necessary steps to preserve records and other evidence in its possession pending the issuance of a court order or other process" upon "the request of a governmental entity."  This applies in practice only to reasonably small amounts of specified data identified as relevant to a particular case where the service provider already has control over that data.  Similarly, as with traditional
subpoena powers, issuance of an order to an individual or corporation to produce specified data during the course of an investigation carries with it an obligation not to delete or destroy information falling within the scope of that order when that information is in the persons possession or control. 18 USC 2703(f)
(f) Requirement To Preserve Evidence.--
   (1) In general.--A provider of wire or electronic communication services or a remote computing service, upon the request of a governmental entity, shall take all necessary steps to preserve records and other evidence in its possession pending the issuance of a court order or other process.
    (2) Period of retention.--Records referred to in paragraph
(1) shall be retained for a period of 90 days, which shall be extended for an additional 90-day period upon a renewed request by the governmental entity.

@_date: 2000-12-05 19:05:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: About 5yr. log retention 
References: <200012051415.JAA15291
The citation was given as the basis of the news story. And it shows that
there is no five year retention requirement, only that the law is five years
But that is trivial compared to your claim that you decide what is evidence
and that it then becomes illegal to alter or destroy it. That appears to be
playing cop without the authority. Now, you've made no bones about doing that in the past, apparently to protect your own ass and your fragile operation.  Maybe you are under
threat to out cop the cops. Certainly, fruadulent operations have to worry about being exposed.
And, no doubt there are many sys admins and operators worldwide who believe that it is their perogative to finger their customers to the fuzz -- as with the big ISPs around the world madly trying to please the authorities so their businesses will get favorable treatment, or at least not become
a target for investigation. A local comic might say all such people need killing.
The lilly-livered sys admins who betray people's trust in their systems are a plague on the Internet, all braying about the need to secure their
systems from bad users, and all of them -- along with their bosses
and investors who are rushing to kiss the authorities asses even when
the authorities know what the cheaters fear -- need to be exposed and You, Jim, have repeatedly confessed to being a law and order rat fink. But I understand, son, that's just good business for a crooked cop.

@_date: 2000-12-06 12:31:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: About 5yr. log retention 
References: <200012060009.TAA20082
The law was quoted just below the citation we provided: 18 USC 2703(f).
The news report quotation exactly matches what the law
says about preservation. Not that you'll read it but here it is again:
Here's the source for news story report about data preservation Preservation is not a new idea; it has been the law in the United States for nearly five years.  18 U.S.C. 2703(f) requires an electronic communications service provider to "take all necessary steps to preserve records and other evidence in its possession pending the issuance of a court order or other process" upon "the request of a governmental entity."  This applies in practice only to reasonably small amounts of specified data identified as relevant to a particular case where the service provider already has control over that data.  Similarly, as with traditional
subpoena powers, issuance of an order to an individual or corporation to produce specified data during the course of an investigation carries with it an obligation not to delete or destroy information falling within the scope of that order when that information is in the persons possession or control. And here is the law cited by the DoJ FAQ:
18 USC 2703(f)
(f) Requirement To Preserve Evidence.--
   (1) In general.--A provider of wire or electronic communication services or a remote computing service, upon the request of a governmental entity, shall take all necessary steps to preserve records and other evidence in its possession pending the issuance of a court order or other process.
    (2) Period of retention.--Records referred to in paragraph
(1) shall be retained for a period of 90 days, which shall be extended for an additional 90-day period upon a renewed request by the governmental entity.
Now, remember, "evidence" is what law-industry promoters
call what civilians call "information." Evidence is used to force subservience to the law-industry. Information is used to fight those narrow-mindfuckers. So, Jim, stop calling information evidence unless you're bragging about fucking your peabrain.

@_date: 2000-12-06 14:50:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IBM Uses Keystroke-monitoring in NJ Mob Case (was Re: 
References: got data from the planted device. The USA application dated June 8 asks for a supplemental order of extension of time in order to break in and remove the device. This need was caused by Scarfo's unexpected
removal of the equipment.
We have not been presented with the initial USA application and the
initial order, at least not that I've seen.
Interesting possibilities are:
1. The FBI is bluffing that it got incriminating data and is using the
applications and orders as window dressing or camouflage to
hide their failure. Or to hide that they got evidence some other
2. The FBI captured some stuff but is faking the rest.
3. Scarfo discovered the device, or suspected it, and removed the equipment in order to sanitize it, or even planted his own device aimed at the feds. Say he rigged a program to endlessly type "fuck you,"
Or played Bin Laden's taunts. He's a fair comp whiz so all sorts of
good stuff may have happened.
4. If Scarfo got the device, by now defenses against it have been
deployed, maybe even generated a tidy black market for those who
want to snoop and/or snarl the feds by redirecting their own devices.

@_date: 2000-12-15 16:41:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI Sniff 
On December 6 Cryptome published a list of some 2600 names
of alleged "CIA sources," provided by a person named Gregory
Douglas, who claims to have received the list from Robert Crowley,
once Deputy Director of Operations for the CIA:
     (167KB)
There are a number of names on the list of persons well-known
to be associated with the CIA, such as all the ex-DCIs, Aldrich
Ames, and other public personages such as Ted Koppel, Mark
Zaid and several notable journalists. Most, though, are not
well-known persons.
Daniel Brandt, who runs Public Information Research and NameBase,
has done an analysis of the list and concludes that it is primarily a
membership list of the Association of Former Intelligence Officers
( dating from about 1996. He has several such lists
and has used them to evaluate the Crowley list:
   We have had several readers complain about being named on the
list although they deny having any association with the CIA,
others who find names of neighbors they've long suspected, and
one freelance journalist who now fears he is in grave danger and
intends to sue:
   Daniel Brandt has said that he had a dustup with AFIO in 1997
about his offering of its membership list, and has provided that
   Today we learned from Gregory Douglas that he has discussed the
list with the FBI, and, according to Douglas, the Bureau does not know what to make of it. Douglas said he explained how he got the list
and plans to show the original hardcopy of the list to FBI in
DC today or shortly. The FBI asked how it came to be published
on the Internet, and Douglas told them.
We have not been contacted by any official about the list.
Gregory Douglas (which could be a pseudonym) has published several books on controversial matters, including a series about the head of the Gestapo, Heinrich Muller, working for the OSS and CIA for years after WW2, and living in America under an assumed identity. The official story is that Muller died at the end of WW2. Douglas claims his books on Muller are banned in Germany. Is any of this Douglas stuff true? We don't know. Nor do we know that the Crowley list is authentic despite being salted with well-known
names. Daniel Brandt thinks it is a ploy to fuck Cryptome, by whom he's not sure. We hope he's right.

@_date: 2000-12-15 17:31:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI Sniff Correction 
Correction of first URL:
On December 6 Cryptome published a list of some 2600 names
of alleged "CIA sources," provided by a person named Gregory
Douglas, who claims to have received the list from Robert Crowley,
once Deputy Director of Operations for the CIA:
     (167KB)

@_date: 2000-12-17 08:49:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Trial 
According to the court docket, Jim Bell was arraigned
on Nov 29 and pled not guilty to two charges of
interstate stalking.
A jury trial is set to begin on Jan 22, 2001. Pretrial motions cutoff is Dec 20. Jim remanded.
Entries on Dec 11 show something is up: a motion
was made for a Dec 22 closed hearing on the topic of
defense counsel, and Jim has sent a letter to the judge, "re: counsel."

@_date: 2000-12-19 08:40:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tim's Motorcycles 
References: Motorcycles? I don't recall motorcycles here.
The recent US international crime assessement lists global motorcycle gangs as a major threat to world peace, along with a couple of dozen new horsemen. The report claims all of
these have rapidly adopted high-tech and info tools to advance
their criminal agendas, and that there simply must be more
global law enforcement cooperation, communications intercepts,
and massive funding to combat these, these, Zen Fau Long
Aum Shirinkyo whirring-spokemeisters.

@_date: 2000-12-19 11:13:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: keyboard loggers. 
References: Somebody wrote in response to Bill Stewart's message:
  At least under Windows 98 you can "Start", "Programs",   "Accessories", "System Tools", "System Information", and   list the "System Hooks". Most keyboard sniffers are   installed as "hooks". If you see a new one, you may   have a problem.
Here's what a JYA machine shows (sorry if the table wraps):
Hook type      Hooked by      Application    DLL
path                                                           Application
Keyboard       Wbhook32.dll   WEBSCANX.EXE   C:\PROGRAM FILES\NETWORK
ASSOCIATES\MCAFEE VIRUSSCAN\Wbhook32.dll  Same as DLL path
CBT            Pgphk.dll      PGPTRAY.EXE   C:\WINDOWS\SYSTEM\pgphk.dll                                       D:\PGP658\PGPTRAY.EXE                                              Mouse          Wbhook32.dll   WEBSCANX.EXE   C:\PROGRAM FILES\NETWORK
ASSOCIATES\MCAFEE VIRUSSCAN\Wbhook32.dll  Same as DLL path
Surely Network Associates/PGP have no connection to the snoopers, but why scan keyboard and mouse?

@_date: 2000-12-19 16:27:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tim's Motorcycles 
References:  <200012191344.IAA20539
Motorcycle gangs as international crime threat
Excerpted from:
"International Crime Threat Assessment," December 15, 2000
    (410K)
Mexican traffickers have also come to dominate methamphetamine production and distribution in the United States, which had been controlled by outlaw elements in US motorcycle gangs.
US Crime Groups Abroad Some US crime groups have established cells and networks in foreign countries, and are engaged in a wide range of criminal activities. In many cases, the US crime groups use their overseas networks to acquire drugs and other illicit contraband or to prey upon US businesses, as they do in the United States.
Law enforcement authorities in other countries also report that US crime groups are involved in money laundering, extortion, prostitution, drug trafficking, firearms smuggling, car theft, street crimes, and contract murders.
The most notorious US crime groups operating overseas are outlaw elements of motorcycle gangs, according to US law enforcement agencies. Some of the approximately 900 motorcycle gangs that have been identified as having outlaw elements by US law enforcement have worldwide chapters and are expanding
into other countries at a significant rate. The increasing overseas presence of US motorcycle gangs, together with their criminal members' tendency to associate with other crime groups to further their criminal ends, are causing increasing concern among law enforcement authorities around the world. Law enforcement authorities in countries where motorcycle gangs have established themselves indicate that the motorcycle gangs are extensively involved in organized crime and have particularly bad reputations for violence, property
crimes, prostitution and extortion rackets, and trafficking in drugs and firearms.
[The other US crime group abroad is La Cosa Nostra, second to motorcycle gangs.]
"The assessment prepared by a US Government interagency working group in support of and pursuant to the President's International Crime Control Strategy. Representatives from the Central
Intelligence Agency; Federal Bureau of Investigation; Drug Enforcement Administration; US Customs Service; US Secret Service; Financial Crimes Enforcement Network; National Drug Intelligence Center; the Departments of State, the Treasury, Justice, and Transportation; the Office of National Drug Control Policy; and the National Security Council participated in the drafting the

@_date: 2000-12-25 12:23:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Underground 
Here's an informative site on underground structures --
tunnels, military bases, caves, temples, unidentifiables -- and the technology, epistimology and religion of them:
Nearly all of the world's most secret (and threatening)
technology and archives of information are located
The relations of secrets to the subterranean, and conversely,
that of liberating thought to the sky, are perhaps not
The US government is expected under the new administration
to replace the UK government as the most secrecy-crazed.
As a writer noted recently, this customarily happens at the peak of a nation's power when it becomes totally paranoid about
pandemic threats, especially from within.
The US Secretary of Defense said a while back that technology
empowers the citizenry, business, allies and enemies equally
to threaten US power and thus must be controlled.
The USG aims to totally control, or at least surveil, all forms
of communication, not only within the US but globally, in an
attempt to foresee looming threats.
Underground communication intercept facilities which do not tap into the atmosphere or land, but rather the extremely long-waves transmitted deep within the earth, are considered to be a prime tool of omnicient surveillance.
The most heavily trafficked Web site of the holiday season is
NORAD's tracking of Santa Claus -- last year some 50 million
Francisco Sierra, a Spanish professor of Information and Military
Propaganda, writes that military spectaculars are devised to enrapture
the mesmerized, consumer-ad besotted citizenry, to erase the border between war and peace, to expand the military doctrine to all aspects
of culture, in order to justify programs of total domestic and global surveillance to assure national and supranational security. He views news coverage of the Gulf War and Yugoslavian Bombing as such real-time CNN-pleasing propaganda performances
orchestrated as military parades.

@_date: 2000-12-29 15:57:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Levy's Crypto 
After reading Steve Levy's "Crypto," two points he covers
still intrigue: the true origin of public key encryption and the true origin of cypherpunks. Intriguing, to this reader at least, is the link between the two in fostering public use of crypto --
and whether there was covert involvement of TLAs in
both efforts. Levy does not examine this possibility, but
the affairs and persons he explores do offer tantalizing
hope for there being more than has been made part of
the public record.
Levy writes a swell account of the public, bright side of crypto liberation, and why there's not more about the dark side is a mystery, for there's not a really bad character, or agency, in the whole tome. To be sure, Levy notes that
the awful aspects of crypto is either classified, NDA
or criminal, thus not fit for angelic e-commerce and
PGPeople's liberation.

@_date: 2000-11-02 10:29:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: Re: ZKS, government regulation, and new "privacy" laws 
References: <20001101181628.A25757
 <4.3.0.20001031100154.01638920
 <3.0.6.32.20001101093858.007e9420
 <20001101181628.A25757
Interesting take, Declan. Which highlights how most of
natsec-developed technology entering the market gets the
benefit of dual-use regulation. Janus the model.
Self-policing is a kissing cousin of self-censorship, both
pretend at keeping the fuzz out of private affairs by pretending
to be doing nothing worth official attention. And both need
regular contact with cops to assure that all is in order,
give or take a few handovers of those who go too far, whose
names just happened to pop up in this handy snitch
Banks and telecomms been doing the snitch not nearly
as long as the church, rather the state snitching to the
church, depending on who's in charge of the day's
inquisition. (Interesting stuff in recent books on Vatican
and global intel services regular kiss-kissing.)
Austin promised a few months back, I believe here, that
he would keep us informed of his meetings with law
enforcement officials. I must have missed those reports
among the pr downpour. This is not to say that he
did not report to select customers on how those briefings are going. Question is which cpunks at ZKS will be handed over
to assure displeased oversighters.
And who there will smile among themselves at the gullible fools' failure to see what realists always claim is obvious behind the cloak of successful wedding of business and government and foolsgold faith that it can never ever
happen here, not so long as I'm around (the refrain at
PGP, and others of the trusted second party).
Young men and a few women die all the time for they know
not what strategy considered them expendable -- in the national
interest, lately, but traditionally to assure rule-makers they are
quite exceptional to the rules.

@_date: 2000-11-14 05:48:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Bell's warrant return inventory 
References: What's missing from the inventory is material which would
disclose other ongoing investigations.
And how to tell which material is of genuine interest and which is listed for camouflage. The public docs never disclose everything but are often used to misinform.
Jim is being used as bait. Whether he knows that doesn't To ponder: How long has he and AP been used for bait?
"I love this list."

@_date: 2000-11-14 10:09:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Predicting a succesful society 
Yes, thank you very much, indeed, absolutely.
A suave-tailored and barbered and elocuted gentleman
who runs UK's Internet Watch aroused the anti-censorship
crowd with the  query "should we allow an image of a penis up an infant's anus." "Absolutely not," the crowd vowed.
Debate on splitting the profane image from the urbane text ensued. Text should be unfettered but not pix, it was
agreed. The uncensorable textual image mouthed by the
Internet Watch barker hung in the air to arouse unanimity on what's not permissable in a succesful secret-vice society.
Onion kiddie-chat rooms, absolutely.

@_date: 2000-11-14 11:13:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: CIA Website Update 
Nothing on the site about 16,000 newly released secret docs on
CIA murder-meddling in Chile.
   Apparently-To: Welcome to the Director of Central Intelligence and the Central
Intelligence Agency's Web Site Update Service.  You are subscribed
to the list as jya at pipeline.com.  As a participant in this program, we will
notify you by e-mail whenever we add new documents to our Web Site.
A reminder:
We will not share your e-mail address with any third party except as
stated in our Security notice at Read our full Privacy notice at and the Web Site Update Service Privacy notice specific to this service at

@_date: 2000-11-14 22:12:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: Re: CIA Website Update 
References: <200011141619.LAA13085
Yes, the 16,000 declassified Chile/Allende overthrow docs are available:
   Council, NARA, DIA, NSA, et al. A bounty of patriotic gore and defense/intel pork thanks to Dr. Strangelove and Dickster.
And a new report on remaking the NRO to accelerate
sat-spying technology development and at the same time
lay on fat new layers of secrecy:
  The commission was co-chaired by Official Secrets Porter Goss and hero Bob Kerrey.
The report says openness is threatening US survival.
Which mirrors SecDef Cohen's warning that technology
is empowering citizens, business and allies to challenge
USG supremacy.
There has never been a better time for ever small claques
demanding deeper government secrecy.

@_date: 2000-11-16 11:02:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Schneier: Why Digital Signatures are not Signatures (was 
References: <20001116011224.B29800
 <4.2.2.20001115165119.00ce3bb0
 <20001116011224.B29800
What is not clear in Schneier's several critiques of crypto weaknesses is what will be made of them to advance the
burgeoning interests of law enforcement and the compsec
industry in cybercrime control measures.
While it may not be Bruce's intent to provide support for
"the legitimate interests of law enforcement and industry"
to combat "cybercriminality," what does appear to be
evolving from the interests of the compsec industry is
a close working relationship with the prime consumers of their services and products -- especially with
the privitazation and melding of natsec and domsec.
No doubt this is a carryover from the traditional close
relationship between compsec and comsec researchers,
developers and producers with government.
Still, is there no alternative to giving government and
corporations first, if not exclusive, choice on the best products and services, or contrarity, criminalizing activities and programs which do not succumb to government and corporate lobbying/purchasing persuasion (covert
arm-twisting; sweetheart contracts; favorable standards, regulations, exceptions, etc.)?
Count on one hand those who have resisted the lure and pressure to serve the nation as they serve their own interests. Count them stigmatized, broke, "renegades," outlaws, pitiful once-weres who lost touch with reality. Count those who are realistic as manifold, patriots, speakers at the best conclaves, propounders of sound advice to the wayward, reminders of what they've learned on the way is
no longer true, award winners, celebrities with swelling bank
accounts -- so long as the archy line is toed.
Now, none of this applies to Bruce's evolving computer
security body of work, which is most impressive. It's just not
clear what will evolve as Counterpane takes more of his
time and effort. What is clear is that cryptoanarchy, or
or broader cyberanarchy, is not in his interests, any more than it is in government's, except as a bugaboo.
Cybercrime begins with criminalizing digital information, that is, to regulate who gets access to private secrets,
who runs the protection rackets: "don't trust your
computer" is the next step after "don't trust the Internet."
Confidence in both requires the assurance services of who? Ah yes, I see.

@_date: 2000-11-17 10:55:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: CJ v. 9th Circuit 
CJ has lofted a mortar at the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals for
dismissing his appeal for the right to self-representation, and
has requested a rehearing which, if granted will take place
  This provides a legal analysis of the dismissal, new precedents
it sets, and a warning to attorneys practising in the 9th Circuit and
the State of Washington, along with the court docket.
Here's his message of transmittal:
  It is my hope that someone might find the time and energy   to distribute this to Internet legal forums and to attorneys   throughout the Ninth District, especially Seattle-Tacoma.
  Fuck These Morons (TM) have shit all over Constitutional   Law and I want to rub their faces in it. It will no doubt piss   Them (TM) off to the Max, but I want to stir things up before   the Appeals hearing, which should be in the next couple   of weeks, if granted.
  It's Crunch Time, and I want to shine as much light as   possible on what Fuck These Morons (TM) are doing.

@_date: 2000-11-17 12:35:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Bob's Bank. Hi, I'm Bob. Just slip it in this pocket here. 
References: <200011171652.LAA24887
 <200011171652.LAA24887
Docket as of November 16, 2000 7:16 pm               Page 9
Proceedings include all events.
3:00cr539-ALL USA v. Flowers, et al
11/15/00 1       INDICTMENT by AUSA Jen E Ihlo, Melissa Schraibman.  Counts
                 filed against Richard George Flowers (1) count(s) 1, 2-3,
                 Dorothy Lenore Flowers (2) count(s) 1, 2-3, Jeffrey Allen
                 Weakley (3) count(s) 1, 4-5, John David Anderson (4)
                 count(s) 1, 6-7, Ronald William Stacey (5) count(s) 1, 8,
                 Elecia Stacey (6) count(s) 1, 8, Dan Romaine Kirkham (7)
                 count(s) 1, 9  CONSPIRACY TO DEFRAUD THE UNITED STATES,
                 WILLFUL FAILURE TO FILE TAX RETURNS, ATTEMPT TO EVADE AND
                 DEFEAT PAYMENT OF TAX (rupe) [Entry date 11/16/00]
11/15/00 --      PURSUANT to this courts Case Assignment Plan, this case to
                 be assigned to  JUDGE GARR M. KING for all further
                 proceedings. (rupe) [Entry date 11/16/00]
11/15/00 2       ARREST WARRANT ISSUED for Defendant Richard George Flowers
                 DETENTION REQUESTED.  by Judge Dennis J. Hubel (rupe)
                 [Entry date 11/16/00]
11/15/00 3       ARREST WARRANT ISSUED for Defendant Dorothy Lenore Flowers
                 DETENTION REQUESTED.  by Judge Dennis J. Hubel (rupe)
                 [Entry date 11/16/00]
11/15/00 4       ARREST WARRANT ISSUED for Defendant Jeffrey Allen Weakley
                 DETENTION REQUESTED.  by Judge Dennis J. Hubel (rupe)
                 [Entry date 11/16/00]
11/15/00 5       ARREST WARRANT ISSUED for Defendant John David Anderson
                 DETENTION REQUESTED.  by Judge Dennis J. Hubel (rupe)
                 [Entry date 11/16/00]
11/15/00 6       ARREST WARRANT ISSUED for Defendant Ronald William Stacey
                 DETENTION REQUESTED.  by Judge Dennis J. Hubel (rupe)
                 [Entry date 11/16/00]
11/15/00 7       ARREST WARRANT ISSUED for Defendant Elecia Stacey DETENTION
                 REQUESTED.  by Judge Dennis J. Hubel (rupe)
                 [Entry date 11/16/00]
11/15/00 8       ARREST WARRANT ISSUED for Defendant Dan Romaine Kirkham
                 DETENTION REQUESTED.  by Judge Dennis J. Hubel (rupe)
                 [Entry date 11/16/00]
First six arrested; Dan Romaine Kirkham, described by the NY Times as a lawyer and physician, is being sought. According to court records
several of the defendants had aliases, one "Joseph S Pack."

@_date: 2000-11-18 19:56:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: Jim Bell Arrested 
A family member says Jim Bell was arrested last night
when he went out to the store.
The person also said the feds were searching for e-mail Jim sent around August 18.
I can't prove the family member is that and not a fisher.

@_date: 2000-11-21 17:49:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Jim Bell arrested, documents online 
Interesting reading, Declan. Looks as though you get
another turn on the witness stand.
Who besides Declan, the Oregonian reporter, the two
ladies researching terrorism, the various Gordons and
other nyms, and so on, got tarred by this?

@_date: 2000-11-22 14:55:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: Carnivore Report 
We offer an HTML version of the Carnivore technical review report released yesterday by DoJ (without appendices):
     (164KB text, 8 images)
The original PDF report is 9.4MB, 121 pages. One notable conclusion about Carnivore's shortcomings
and why its code should not be released to the public:
  Carnivore can be countered with simple, public-domain   encryption.
But it can snarf everything done by a targeted Web user, e-mail, FTP, HTTP, and you name it.

@_date: 2000-11-23 12:19:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Jim Bell arrested, documents online 
References: <200011222215.eAMMFEL10403
A thoughtful summary of non-US-centric view of how US technology
could, probably will, come back to haunt and harm it.
One of the ways the US will be harmed is by provoking its
government to crackdown on what it will define as illegal
use of technology. To be sure, these perceived threats will
come from within the US as from outside.
I have seen no media attention given to DoD Cohen's warning
that technology is empowering the citizenry, business and US
allies to threaten US supremacy. Comparable, say, to the
DoJ's and the FBI's well-advanced orchestration of a global
cybercrime (successor to organized crime) fighting regime.
The acceleration of transfer of national security technology to
domestic law enforcement agencies in many countries shows
that borderlessness between external and internal threats
is becoming the norm. Such that the most advanced technology
once devoted to combatting foreign enemies is now aimed
at the populace in disregard of their home countries and
the once-vaunted privilege being free of threatened by their own governments.
Ken's point that AP is likely to be implemented by a non-US
against a US target is shrewd, and Usama Bin Laden has just
about pulled that off. If he disappears but his agenda continues
that will be pure AP. This is not to say that Bin Laden is not a fictional-demon of the USG, forever eluding capture -- until
the moment is right to implement a Pablo Escobar.
Isn't it likely that Jim Bell is just a ploy the feds are using to
arouse the tax resisters in the Northwest?
Good point, and one that the feds will happily adopt, for it is often
used by the US to warrant its need for a massively overkill defense
apparatus -- not that it ever does much with its vaunted hardware
except provide sitting ducks.

@_date: 2000-11-24 14:11:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Jim Bell arrested, documents online 
References: <20001124111028.A9581
Bear surmised:
Hold on. "Needs killing" is an epithet, like "fuck your mother"
or in earlier theocratic days, "go to hell." It's a residue of a time
when killing somebody who profaned your beliefs was done.
It gets attention in some circles for different reasons. I like to read
it because it reminds of my childhood in Texas when it was
used with deliberate intent, and not used casually, for it could
led to getting killed yourself, in justifiable self-defense.
Back then, saying "fuck your mother" was said only by the
Mexicans, "chinga tu madre," or something thing like that,
and it always led to physical mayhem among the god-fearing who felt obliged to protect the virginity of their mother. Don't laugh. Men killed each other for that.
I got my ass whipped for using phrase on a Mex-Tex
buddy, no pause, he just methodicaly beat me to shit.
There are still people around whom you better not say
to their face, "you need killing." Those with guns, for
example. It's okay on the Internet, though, hell, you
can even threaten to kill a particular judge if you mean
it as a joke.
Greg, ease up, everybody here knows AP is a prank.
Jim Bell and Jeff Gordon are a "seven forbidden words"
comedy team.
Not that Western Washington District has caught on
yet that AP's only "fuck your mother."

@_date: 2000-10-05 10:51:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Rijndael & Hitachi 
References: <00100406300501.00415
 <4.2.2.20001004024006.00be6d60
 <4.2.2.20001002220826.00bdb370
 <4.2.2.20001004024006.00be6d60
Has NIST provided other information on the Hitachi patent
and the USG's evaluation of it other than Jim Foti's
inscrutible comments on the discussion forum and similar inscrutibity in the R2 report?
If this is all there is, it stinks of rancid red herring being
called this year's never-you-mind perfume.
Did Hitachi hold a gun to somebody's head, was a deal
cut, is this an out held in reserve in case some fault is
discovered in Rijndael, was means found to modify
Rijndael to meet Hitachi's demand that has not been
disclosed, is the patent claim a fiction, a mistake, a
blowing of smoke.
Have the authors of Rijndael commented on Hitachi's
A little people wants to know what the big people are
hiding, or acting like they know we itty bittys don't have
a clue about, about how crypto is far too important
to tell the truth about, big gov and biz having their
own claims on NDA, patent, copyright, personal cum
national security, Ermil's cayenne, and stuff so hot
if you knew you'd spin too and call it truth.
The R2 report is so damn reasonable only a fool would
cavil what's this fishy smell.

@_date: 2000-10-09 05:55:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Musings on AES and DES 
References:  <200010082242.SAA43307
NIST has stated that the maximum endorsement will be to use
AES for non-classified government information. So the question
will remain of what is better than AES, or to put it another way,
what is not good enough about AES for its use on classified
To be sure it would be too much to expect that the USG would
promote a program that it could not penetrate, or to put it another
way, to openly disclose a technology it believes to provide
maximum data protection. If NSA/NIST went that far the agencies
would be shut by DC for national security reasons.
Still, one can dream of NIST/NSA slipping through a technology
stronger than the ordinary officeholding paranoid, secrecy-loving
power mongering goofus can prevent by way of elastic oversight
David Alvarez writes of the intel agencies withholding most secret
information from the president in the 30s and 40s on the belief that
that office could not be trusted to put the nation's interest above its
own urgencies to endure.
What a wonder it would be to read in say, 25 years, that NIST/NSA raced a fast one past their watchers and advanced the public's
interest over the government's. Lots of those folks are looking
forward to becoming well-paid ex-govs, having seen what lucrative benefits have come the way of those who jumped ship.
Is it conceivable that the USG's need for maximum protection of
its information would take second place to the need of the public's
protection from government? That depends on what government
workers -- especially the defense establishment defined by
Eisenhower -- believe their future to be.
The burgeoning market for dual use technologies is surely
going to change the way globalism gets implemented, now that
so many of those who fostered those technologies are coming
into the marketplace as hungry players, not merely underwriters and regulators. This applies not only to the the former Soviet
Union and the US best minds who are fed up with their bosses'
maximum perk protection.
Davidge's expose of Tennant is instructive of how the unders
apply payback to the uppers who cannot believe NDA's and
third-class pensions no longer control intellects once with
no where else to thrive than as national servants.

@_date: 2000-10-10 05:46:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Musings on AES and DES 
References: It could be that AES will be used as part of an ensemble
for protecting classified information. The few Type 1 systems
that are publicly described never use only a single algorithm
without supplementary programs for enhancing cryptanalytic
protection. Belt and suspenders and probably additional
support in hardware systems not spelled out.
Presumably there are software and hardware add-ons
which are easily not available and which could counter
known cryptanalytic methods of cracking and of tampering,
some of which have been mentioned here recently.
This would conform to military doctrine which states that it must be assumed that the enemy knows everything
you do, but lacks information on when, where and how
you will apply what you know. Thus the need for multiple
strategies, multiple weapons, multiple programs of
disinformation, ploys, strategems, betrayals and theft
of secrets.
Recall the program NSA and CIA runs to break-in to
get what cannot be electronically intercepted. Similarly,
brute force to attack software is matched, indeed, amplified,
by brute force to physically steal. As with the long-standing
practice of the FBI and domestic law enforcement agencies.
So AES could be seen as a consumer assurance technology,
to deter the ordinary burglar and biz-bandit like yourself, but in no way impede a global intelligence cartel which believes it has
a right to everybody's private affairs.
Have a read of USSID 18 over at the National Security Archives
which ostensibly prohibits the NSA from spying on Americans.
Parts of it are remarkably similar to gov statements on AES,
the parts that assure trustworthinesss of the authors.
No military professional would believe any such fluff was
anything more than artful deception.
None of these remarks are directed at the AES competitors,
but at the purpose of the public competition and disavowals
that have accrued during it. The fine print, very fine, virtually
invisible ploys.

@_date: 2000-10-17 07:24:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
References: <3.0.32.20001017014427.047cd3b0
 <3.0.32.20001017014427.047cd3b0
Bruce Schneier, among others, argues that strength of
algorithm is not a reliable determinant of security of
information. That most successful attacks occur through more accessible weaknesses, the prime one being
human. Bruce reviews several of these in his October 15
Crypto-Gram, and refers to his latest book for more
cybersecurity threats that crypto cannot defend.
Ross Anderson, among others (some here), claim that
chips are readily vulnerable to tampering, and that poses
a much greater risk than algo attacks.
Programs and people which just grab info directly from
your box and bunker through B&E software and black
bag jobs cannot be stopped by mathematics, though
encrypted info might remain inaccessible.
Lifting electromagnetically emanated data, say, that from
keyboard to cpu, before it is encrypted, is still a threat,
not limited to classified technology, as demonstrated
by Ross Anderson, Markus Kuhn and others, and
reviewed here recently.
Cryptanalysis may be the most crucial technology in the
world today, as it has been well before mathematical
encipherment. How it is being done is probably the
most closely guarded secret, and part of that protection
is zero information. Share encryption information, yes,
but not decrypt, not even a hint. Blow sunshine about
algo strength and unbreakability, yes, that would be in What intrigues is the national security benefit of fostering
the growth of public encryption, despite the claims that
it makes global surveillance more difficult. If a public
encryption enterprise didn't exist it would have to be
invented to divert the attackers from genuine threats
and weaknesses, as well as embed in the public
realm a technology for covert snooping inside the
Medeco pretense.
The question occurs: did PK crypto get leaked on purpose?
How was it done?

@_date: 2000-10-17 14:13:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: NSA Releases Reorg Reports 
NSA released today on its Web site two reports on
its reorganization, one by an external team of 27 page, another of 76 pages by an internal team. Both are big PDF files.  We have converted the first to HTML:
     (77KB)
Here is an excerpt:
"We interviewed about one hundred people in the Agency, including most senior leaders, and asked very specific questions about the way people operate and the embedded culture. We learned the Agency is a very bureaucratic government organization, and that most of the behavior patterns were established during the 1970s and 1980s when there was plenty of money to execute its mission. NSA appears to operate like an entitlement program. Most people in the Agency are highly motivated and work very hard, but a portion does not.
We also found a leadership culture that appears most interested in focusing on their positions and protecting their people's jobs at the expense of accomplishing the Most of the people at NSA are hired night out of college and spend their entire lives in the Agency. Regardless of their work performance and their job responsibility, the Agency promotes people roughly at the same rate. The institution encouraged people to get deeply involved in the promotion process, to the point that civilian personnel wrote their own promotion reports, and supervisors endorsed the reports even if they did not agree, mostly to prevent animosity.
However, the most critical aspect of the people and culture in the institution was the mindset related to lack of empowerment and accountability.
NSA's present culture overemphasizes loyalty to a particular function and its associated senior leadership, instead of full and frank discussions of problems, issues and concerns. This has created a culture that discourages sending bad news up the chain of command. The staff knows NSA is falling behind and is not properly addressing the inherent problems of the emerging global network, and the present management infrastructure does not appear to be supporting the required changes.
In addition, we are concerned the present mindset fostered a society where people were afraid to express their own thoughts. Even though people spoke to us with true candor, they always wanted to avoid attribution because of the perception that the information was going to be used against them."
External Team Report: a Management Review for the Director, NSA, October 22, 2000
   (2.7MB)
Second report:

@_date: 2000-10-17 17:51:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: Unified Cryptologic Architecture 
The bibliography of another NSA reorganization report
released today lists several entries under "Unified
Cryptologic Architecture" as well as a "U.S. Cryptologic
Strategy - Preparing for the 21st Century."
There is also a citation of "SINEWS - GCHQ Modernization
and Change Program."
We would appreciate leads or pointers for getting
these documents.
Here's the main text second report:

@_date: 2000-10-20 10:02:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: DoJ vs. Privacy 
In 1998 Gore proposed a national justice information
system which was implemented by AG Reno. The
purpose of the program is to make criminal justice and
other information easily available to many the parties
involved; courts, prosecutors, law enforcement officers,
local officials and so on. We ran across a presentation
by a DoJ official in which he outlines progress of the
program and how to address the conflict posed by
information collection technology for privacy concerns of citizens and organizations:
      (129KB)
He advocates that despite the "tension between justice
needs and privacy concerns," tools for information collection and sharing be provided the national justice system as soon as possible, while a campaign is initiated to address privacy concerns primarily by PR among
US, Canadian, UN and other cooperating agencies. He observes that local parties are not always sensitive to privacy concerns and that they may need education -- but that is not to hold up getting them the tools they need to collect information on citizens.
He also notes that current laws do not adequately cover
today's and tomorrow's technology for collecting and
sharing information. What technology besides Carnivore is outside the law?
Here's a June 2000 information distribution technology status report by The Global Justice Information Network:
  And here are the member organizations of the Global Justice Information Network Advisory Committee:
Administrative Office of the United States Courts
American Association of Motor Vehicle Administrators
American Correctional Association
American Probation and Parole Association
Attorney General Advisory Committee Criminal Justice    Information Services Advisory Policy Board
Criminal Justice Information Services Federal Working Group
Federal Bureau of Investigation, Criminal Justice Information
   Services Division
International Association of Chiefs of Police (IACP)
IACP, State and Provincial Police Division
Major Cities Chiefs Association
National Association of Attorneys General
NASIRE (National Association of State Information    Resource Executives), Representing the Chief Information    Officers of the States
National Center for State Courts
National Criminal Justice Association
National Council of Juvenile and Family Court Judges
National District Attorneys Association
National Law Enforcement Telecommunications System
National Legal Aid and Defender Association
National Sheriffs Association
North Carolina Department of Justice
Reno-Sparks Indian Colony Police Department
SEARCH, The National Consortium for Justice Information
   and Statistics
U.S. Department of Justice, Office of Justice Programs
U.S. Department of Treasury
U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, Office of Investigative
   Agency Policies

@_date: 2000-10-21 07:34:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: Killing Judges 
What has happened lately in the killing judges world?
There was a spate of cases and a couple of jokers got vised, but any recently?
I mean in the US, not elsewhere it's acceptable culling.
Is Jeff still here hoping for another gold star, is Tim still being bullseyed for "he's gone too far, make him an example." Crypto-assassin CJ's still emitting judicial mock, with  filthy, disgusting heavals from Three Rivers, TX. Course, the flung bung wads could be Jeff's plying your honor.

@_date: 2000-10-22 11:26:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: Declan My Lai 
Pounding out the hundreds of deathless reports
you've done did you dream it would be the Gore
My Lai that got you onto the NYTimes opinion page today?

@_date: 2000-10-25 18:34:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: CIA in Oregon, Intelink 
Would anyone in the Oregon area know about
a CIA organization acronymed ISTAC?
Here's the NIC entry, which includes a CIA rep
in Bend, OR. Note that the other CIA rep used
only a last name initial.
                  CIA (ISTAC-DOM)
                  1820 Electric Avenue
                  Vienna, VA 21076
                  Domain Name: ISTAC.GOV
                  Status: ACTIVE
                  Domain Type: Federal
                  Technical Contact, Administrative Contact:
                     S, Dan  (DS3)
                     703-281-8087
                     DAN at ISTAC.GOV
                  Domain servers in listed order:
                  MARS.ISTAC.GOV               199.99.221.33
                  NS1.SPRINTLINK.NET           204.117.214.10
                  NS2.SPRINTLINK.NET           199.2.252.10, 199.2.252.1
                  NS3.SPRINTLINK.NET           204.97.212.10
                  Record last updated on 31-Oct-97.
               cia (W19990412003631)
                  Federal Government: Yes
                  Unlisted Organization: Yes
                  Status: Pending
                  Designated Agency Rep, Requester, Sr. Registration Official:
                     Mueller, Deforest X.  (DXM2)
                     (541) 385-6836
                     MUELLER at BENDNET.COM
                  Record last updated on 13-Apr-99.
               Mueller, Deforest X. (DXM2)
                  cia
                  63350 majestic loop
                  bend, OR 97701
                  (541) 385-6836
                  MUELLER at BENDNET.COM
Second inquiry on accessing Intelink, or IC.GOV
While this is registered, it does not respond to
a browser inquiry. Here is its NIC data:
 Central Intelligence Agency (IC-DOM)
                  Global Network Enterprise
                  Washington, DC 20505
                  Domain Name: IC.GOV
                  Status: ACTIVE
                  Domain Type: Federal
                  Technical Contact:
                     Networks, Public  (PN2)
                     (702) 874-7205
                     EDSN at UCIA.GOV
                  Administrative Contact:
                     Farnham, David B.  (DBF)
                     (703) 874-2871
                     DAVEF at UCIA.GOV
                  Domain servers in listed order:
                  NS.DIGEX.NET                 164.109.1.3
                  NS2.DIGEX.NET                164.109.10.23
                  Record last updated on -Apr-10.

@_date: 2000-10-25 20:02:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: RE: CIA in Oregon, Intelink 
Yes, the BXA ISTAC is familiar since I'm on its mailing list. The CIA ISTAC is a different dog.
And it was the Oregon rep which surprised, not
the Vienna, VA and DC addresses. Why Oregon?
Intel, Microsoft, In-Q-tel, or another bedmate helping
equip and run Intelink?
Intelink is reportedly restricted to those with
intelligence need to know, and is blocked
to outsiders. However, IC.GOV has been around
a while and I wondered if a wizard here might
know a way to finagle access.
Here are few specific URLs provided in the DoD
Intelligence Information System Instructions
Intelligence Community PKI activities:
   DIA page:    JITF Intelink:
   Here's the URL for the DoDIISI2000 doc:
(The URL may wrap.)
For the dark side of the Albright bearhug, the DIA FOIA site offers the "North Korea Country Handbook," May, 1997, prepared by the intel community, and published by the Marine Corps Intelligence Acitivity:
     (429 pages, 5.6MB)
It could be useful to those intending to exchange URLs with
the Chief of NOFOIA DPKR.

@_date: 2000-10-27 07:18:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: DMCA Final Rule 
We offer the US Digital Millennium Copyright Act Final Rule on Access Control Circumvention:
     (149KB)
An excerpt on why there will be no exemption for
circumventing access to DVDs by tools such
as DeCSS:
     (15KB)
The two exemptions granted:
"1. Compilations Consisting of Lists of Websites Blocked by Filtering Software Applications
2. Literary Works, Including Computer Programs and Databases, Protected by Access Control Mechanisms That Fail to Permit Access Because of Malfunction, Damage or Obsoleteness."
The copyright industry's arguments are often cited
as grounds for minimal exemptions, as well as the
power of the market to correct what Congress gave
the industry. Specious.

@_date: 2000-10-28 06:27:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: Re: CIA in Oregon, Intelink 
Anonymous writes that there is a CIA facility in Bend, Oregon, called CPIC/West, balancing one in Miami called CPIC/Miami. FAS offers a description of Miami
which references Bend:
  And to possibly flesh out the operations run out of
the Bend base, Anon points to a statement which alleges
black and criminal government doings in which Bend is mentioned:
  Nothing in these accounts about CIA's ISTAC.
Informative data-mining, A P, but to avoid nailing the
innocent, double check the Mueller names and
aliases, for the person listed on the NIC.gov records has a different middle initial from the Mueller you're That name might be deception, no doubt, but it could
also be a stolen name and identity, even address,
from a real person who is unaware. If stolen, or
fictional, that might explain why the personal info was provided in the clear at NIC.
Still, there may be no reason to conceal anything
about the Bend faciltiy or Mr. Mueller's participation.
Perhaps an email to Mr. Mueller would be the way to find
out, so this will be cc'd to him (and Dan S at ISTAC) for a Dear Mr. Mueller and Mr. S,
Would you please confirm that there is a CIA facility
in Bend, OR, and that the terms CPIC/West and
ISTAC are applicable to it? Also, could you clarify whether CIA's ISTAC is related to the ISTAC of the Bureau of Export Administration?
Thanks very much,
John Young
It turns out mail to dan at istac.gov refused to go from here, so Dan S is safely SCIF.

@_date: 2000-10-28 06:52:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: Re: CIA in Oregon, Intelink 
Mail to mueller at bendnet.com bounced. Rather a bounce message was returned from bendnet.com,
and surely cloaks delivery of the message.
And the cc to dan at istac.gov would not even leave this
mailer. So it seemed. But the window glass shivered.
Spookery is awesome.

@_date: 2000-10-30 06:36:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: Re: NZ: Sweeping powers for spy agencies  
This report is consistent with DoJ's advocacy of a US national,
as well as international, system for police agencies to collect
and share criminal justice information, and to do so while there is no law against using advanced technology for this purpose.
As noted here recently, see a presentation by DoJ on how to override with a PR campaign citizens' concerns with privacy violations of such systems:
   This continues the transfer and use of technology developed
for national security purposes to law enforcement agencies,
worldwide, with the initiative being taken by DoJ and FBI,
assisted and advised by DoD and the intel community (with
former members of the latter now employed by domestic
agencies or running companies selling natsec-derived
services to domestic customers).
What is fascinating about this evolution is the screaming
by domestic victims when they learn that means and methods are being applied to them that they wholeheartedly approve when aimed at foreigners, immigrants, criminals and other stigmatized targets such as radicals, anarchists, commies, neo-nazis, dissidents and whoever is different from you and me, well, no doubt you include me in your bullseye and me you when we get a whiff of the terrifying scent spread
by the malodor-spreading criminal justice mongerers.
Nothing about this whipsawing of terror and anti-terror
technology is new to this forum, but the news reports do
confirm the need to keep grinding out new outlaw means and methods to defy the inlaw ("justice", crime-fighting)
initiatives that just cant spend money fast enough to abrade and salve. The invention of new (advanced-tech) criminality is high on the agenda, right up there with the propagation of assurance that only governments can combat burgeoning national and economic security-threatening outlawry.
What is not said, or maybe only whispered to oversighters
hairy ears, is do not ask us to look into mirrors to see
true outlaws agrinning. Do not ask us to conduct our
affairs in non-outlaw secret settings.
Turncoats are a special feature of the official outlaw
cartel, when those who once faught official criminality are
recruited to ID, track, provoke, gather evidence, indict
and convict former associates. Read Michael Froomkin
on ICANN's board members who cant forgo power-
   This is a tip of the iceberg of large numbers of means
and methods technicians being drawn into the global
justice system with sweetheart contracts and jobs and
places on advisory boards. To serve the national interest
and to get regular whisperings from those in the know it
all business.
Here's a recent article on the price paid by scholars to see CIA classified material:

@_date: 2000-09-03 12:26:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: Re: export reg timewarp? (Re: RC4 source as a literate program) 
Good point, except that PGP.com and Freeware still have export
restrictions on downloads, as do most other US crypto export
sites. This is probably due to the fact that nobody understands
the export regs and better safe than lose out on fat government
contracts, and corollary contracts with other corporations who
dare not offend the authorities.
Even some private sites which rushed to offer crypto on the Internet
have withdrawn their offerings. And, according to Matt Blaze's
tabulation of such offerings, they have nearly petered out.
Don't forget that there is till a review required by BXA for strongest products. What happens in those reviews has not been disclosed as far as I know. Whether the NDA is voluntary to hide trade
secrets, compulsary to hide dirty dealing, or worse to hide
really nasty access requirements -- probably some of all
these in the great American tradition of promising much and
delivering not so much unless you play ball under the umpires
clubhouse rules.
Nicky Hager (of Secret Power fame) co-wrote another book
on a PR war in NZ in which he covered at length the practice
of governments and corporations hiding their filthy deals from
freedom of information access through the loophole of
protecting proprietary information from the public.
Another commentator pointed out recently that the vast
majority of FOIA requests are indeed made by people
seeking commercial intelligence which is not intended to
be made public , and relatively few seeking information to release to the public.
So there is a bind on getting info on what actually happens
at BXA and its co-agencies during crypto export review.
However, in contrast to a few years back, I don't see many corporations or individuals calling for greater access to closed information about crypto export procedures.
Could be all the crypto folks are doing just fine under
the system, so why bitch about making it into the comfort
zone. And, oh yeah, fuck the public interest now that
the crypto public outreach PR campaigns did their job to get inside the sweetheart PR loophole.
Doug Porter has written an interesting update about all this crypto flim-flam in the "Pocket Guide to NSA Sabotage:"
   And what the fuck is Schneier doing trashing crypto to build
his security consulting business? That sounds like priests
preaching Our Church Alone salvation to keep the flock frightened, dependent and shelling out for long term protection contracts. You know, like the one-world feds and all-world spooks.

@_date: 2000-09-24 15:11:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: Ex-PSIA Noda Arrested 
Hironari Noda, the ex-official in the Japanese Public Security Investigation Agency, was arrested
   The charge is assaulting one of the PSIA agents
who were constantly surveilling Noda.
Noda has been getting information from former
colleagues about upcoming raids by PSIA and showing
up to videotape them. Noda has been reporting on PSIA activities to a public bulletin board.
This has led to a series of confrontations at raids
and increased harassment of Noda with ostentatious
surveillance and tailing. A couple of days ago Noda verbally insulted a PSIA watchdog through a closed car window. The watchdog yelled you touched me (touching is a legal offense, insulting is not) and called the cops. The cops dutifully arranged a raid a day later, kicked
in Noda's door while he was emailing and phoning
friends about the assault, and arrested him -- claiming
his description of the raid by telephone and email constituted assault.
One of the raiders was an undercover PSIA agent
who posed as an AUM groupie to infiltrate an AUM
fan club -- several clubs have arisen that collect
AUM memorabilia and mementos. The cover agent
was said to have posted to an AUM fan BB that a gas attack was imminent. No doubt a technique learned at
the footstool of the CIA special services school.

@_date: 2000-09-27 05:17:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CDR: Carnivore Proposal Unmasked 
Somebody noted that the overwritten portions of the
Carnivore review proposal in PDF can be easily lifted:
  Nothing secret revealed, just the names of the participants,
a few home addresses and phone numbers, and their security
ratings. Still, that DoJ used a pitifully weak cloaking technique is
revealing of how the Carnivore intrusions of private information
will be protected.

@_date: 2001-04-01 15:17:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: "Educating" the Court about Cypherpunks Considered Harmful 
References:  <200103311235.HAA03617
Bear in mind that when I appeared before the grand jury, all
the charges against Bell has been made, and no new ones
have been lodged, AFAIK. As with CJ, there were public
warnings made by the feds through disclosures of continuing
grand jury investigations. This tactic has been described as
"witness coercion," to assure that witnesses, and prospective
witnesses who learn of the active GJ, are intimidated by what may be done to them if they fancy challenging the The GJ did ask me about AP, though Robb London did not.
I stated the scheme was considered to be unworkable by
persons more qualified to judge it than me. Still, a juror
persisted, why did you publish it. I said for informational
purposes about evolving technology.
There were other questions from the jury, not London,
about disclosing information on the Internet about public
officials. London did question about my posting of the CIA
query, in particular the address of the alleged CIA employee.
And questioned Bell's postings on the same topic.
My assumption is that it is those postings which I will be
asked to testify about. But AP is always looming, and I think
basebuilding for a future attack is in the works despite the
recent overturn of the anti-abotionists' case. Officials believe
they deserve more protection for their privileges than the Beyond that, though, there remains the question of what
else might be coming from the grand jury, whether to
come in fact, or to come in the form of coercion to not
fuck with Sam. Sandy's note on Sam's pressure pointing
is apt -- whether Bell, Declan, me or the othjer witnesses
yet unknown. And publicly naming a cypherpunk Bell called from jail is typical fear-mongering as with subpoenas.
I've warned two reporters they should expect no privileged
protection in the Bell case and its likely followup cases -- the stakes are too high for burgeoning anti-terrorism to allow legacy press perks get in the way of high-reward homeland defense. One reporter said no way would they come after me, and they allegedly have. The other reporter said not me, and they did.
One reporter said I was too conspiratorial. And he has
repeated that here. One thing I've learned from that
simple-mindedness is be wary of disingenuous distancing
of person's kindly convictions from his vicious job requirements to hang your ass in the public interest,
er, to see that justice is done, er, balance viewpoints.
Sure, I'm ranting, you see the feds got a wad of my
self-incriminating material. And cpunk archives offer much an e-goldmine of cypherpunks movements.

@_date: 2001-04-03 17:26:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bell Trial Day 1/2 
Tacoma 2PM
Declan's motion to avoid testifying was denied, though
Judge Tanner said defense cross-examination would be
limited to his testimony. Declan is testifying this
Judge Tanner twice warned Jim to not speak out and
that he will be muzzled or taken "down stairs" if
he does so. No mistrial, Jack barked.
Jim scribbled "SHAM" on a notepad and displayed it to the courtroom. Declan and I were excluded from the courtroom after the
hearing on his motion and the jury was empaneled.
My partner is allowed to remain but is not allowed
to tell me what is happening in the courtroom until after my testimony tomorrow or the next day.
Nor can I buy a copy of the transcript until after
I testify. My partner can buy it but cannot show it
to me. My partner strictly obeys the rules.
Anonymous showed a copy of the feds memorandum on
how the trial is to proceed, about 40 pages. There
may be a chance of getting this at the end of the
day if the judge returns the case file to the public
records office.
A quick glance at the memo revealed the feds
witness and evidence lists. At least one other alleged
cpunk listed. In fact, it looks as though anybody
who spoke with Jim in jail has been subpoenaed,
except Adam Ciralsky of 60 Minutes, who is covering
the trial but has not been subpoenaed. All calls
were recorded, some of them to be used as evidence.
The memo reveals that the feds have been tracking
Jim for a long time, including using high tech devices and udercover agents, as Jim has been
The memo makes considerable use of "murder-for-hire
on the Internet."
Anonymous said the stalking law used against Jim
was enacted only a month before his arrest, and this
trial is the first application of the law.
A party said the first question asked of prospective
jurors was: "have you heard of cypherpunks?"
The memo states I will be asked about a post to cpunks concerning location of CIA agents and that I might invoke the 5th. And that I will be immunized if that My partner expects a subpoena to disclose what we
speculate is the real reason for the Bell trial:
training for prosecuting counterterrorism in the homeland. Retroactive application of laws and
investigations once limited to foreign enemies.

@_date: 2001-04-06 00:07:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bellini 
We're leaving Tacoma tomorrow to drive down to
Frisco for the Meeting to agent provocateur. We got the 26th Floor bar of the Sheraton Tacoma to inaugurate the Jim Bellini, wrapped in Sarin, to celebrate Jim's success at holding twice-daily press conferences in the courtroom.
Adam Ciralsky and Declan McCulllagh ask Jim dipshit
stegnographic questions, and nobody interferes, except Jim's US Marshal batmen who persist in demanding Adam or Declan inteview them. At one of the rump sessions Robb London said he was going to demand affidavits of everyone about what was being discussed. He was ignored except by a woman who claimed to be Tim May. No shit, I said to her, show me your Claymores. This morning I discovered the jurors' names on the
court's public Web site. Holy Tanner I said to my partner,
don't look at this.
Later, Judge Jack said you put this on the Internet you're  chittlins. You understand that, blue eyed devil?
We offered to be a witness for Jim Bell, hoping to
affirm the government's treating us like terrorists,
what we got was demand for cold cash to ride on Jim's
train as if what was good for 60 Minutes was the
penny ante.
It can't be said in public but the jurors are nauseous
at the condescension shown them by people in the courtroom
on the government fatroll.
A group therapy platoon of federal agents appeared today,
as testifying witnesses, as courtroom rubberneckers like
us. The fear, the loathing.
The stellar witness was a reporter from The Columbian who
you'd mistake for Jim, in philosophy, in purpose, in
looks, in obeying no gyroscope except his own.
The most believable witness was Jeff Gordon who affirmed
the off-the-record plot to nail Jim unofficially in the
honorable northwest tradition of vigilante justice. Ably
assisted by Jim as ever. "Let's make each other infamous."

@_date: 2001-04-07 13:36:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: AR Politics 
Jim testified for himself during the afternoon,
presenting as good a narrative as Jeff's. He's
due to continue on Monday.
Both Jim and Jeff made little use of exhibits,
and an observer might think their testimony
was scripted by a single writer: both had
been well-rehearsed in acting style and voice
direction to perform a single story with two
views of the same events, both equally compelling
or unbelievable depending on what a viewer wanted
to see.
The main difference is that Jeff has the backing of
a luxurious justice system: the courthouse, the judge,
the agents of several TLAs, guards, marshals, SEATAC,
and much more.
Jim has a roll of the dice with the jurors, all of
whom are  dressed and look more like Jim than the
mani-uniformed officials (most better dressed than,
say, like me).
Jim has no witnesses, Judge Jack denied all requests,
compared to a couple of dozen for the government.
Most of Jim's request for discovery have been denied,
while the gov gets all it asks for. Judge Jack
denied Jim's request for access to his own notes
use during his testimony.
Jim has so far demonstrated that he is several
grades of intelligence above that of his official
tormentors. And far less prejudicial.
So what if the show is scripted that way, that the
hero is doomed to be condemned by the king's police,
that is crowd-pleasing anti-revolutionary politics.
And blood-quickening incendiary.

@_date: 2001-04-08 00:15:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USA v. James Bell, Tacoma 
James Bell asks through Lou Bell, his mother:
Please  send messages to the following newspapers and ask them why they
haven't been following the trial of James Bell in federal court in Tacoma.
There will be extremely important testimony by James Bell on Monday.  He needs your help.
It is an extreme emergency!  It is very important that a large number of
people contact these newspapers as soon as possible.  Thank you.
Seattle Times
Seattle Post Intelligencer

@_date: 2001-04-08 10:55:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USA v. James Bell, Tacoma 
James Bell asks through Lou Bell, his mother:
Please  send messages to the following newspapers and ask them why they
haven't been following the trial of James Bell in federal court in Tacoma.
There will be extremely important testimony by James Bell on Monday.  He needs your help.
It is an extreme emergency!  It is very important that a large number of
people contact these newspapers as soon as possible.  Thank you.
Seattle Times:     opinion at seattle.com
Seattle Post Intelligencer:     editpage at Seattle-pi.com
Oregonian:    newsroom at news.oregonian.com
Columbian:    joe.smilor at columbian.com

@_date: 2001-04-08 11:04:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: AR Politics 
(Cyberpass is down.)
Jim testified for himself Friday afternoon,
presenting as good a narrative as Jeff's. He's
due to continue on Monday.
Both Jim and Jeff made little use of exhibits,
and an observer might think their testimony
was scripted by a single writer: both had
been well-rehearsed in acting style and voice
direction to perform a single story with two
Rashomons of the same events, both equally compelling
or unbelievable depending on what a viewer wanted
to see.
The main difference is that Jeff has the backing of
a bloated, self-serving justice system: the courthouse, the judge, the agents of several TLAs, guards, marshals, SEATAC, and much more maw needing cases -- Tacoma court
is a wasteland of little used overspending.
Jim has a roll of the dice with the jurors, all of
whom are  dressed and look more like Jim than the
mani-uniformed and dark-suited officials and rats.
Jim has no witnesses: Judge Jack denied all requests,
compared to a couple of dozen for the government.
Most of Jim's request for discovery have been denied,
while the gov gets all it asks for. At the end of
Friday Judge Jack denied Jim's request for access to his own discovery notes for use during his testimony.
Jim has so far demonstrated that he is several
grades of intelligence above that of his official
tormentors. And far less prejudicial.
So what if the show is scripted that way, that the
hero is doomed to be condemned by the king's police,
for crowd-pleasing anti-revolutionary politics.
And it's blood-quickening incendiary.
A local says the news media are staying away from the
trial in fear of subpoena -- for the trial, for the
grand jury cooking up iA victims.

@_date: 2001-04-10 11:36:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TannerWatch: Jack don't need no body language 
There it is. This citizen unit is going down. So
ordered. Period.
Following Sasquatch's footsteps.

@_date: 2001-04-13 14:14:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Breeding Rats Galore 
Over the past few days, I found the story about James Bell in Tacoma who is being hung out to dry it seems.
I thought that the group I am associated with would enjoy reading all
the info you have on James Bell, so I pieced together some of the posts
about him and the link to Wired's articles.
That post was not incredibly controversial, nor were any threats made
against any person or group by myself or the respondents, yet I have
evidence that starting today, I am being watched, and trailed as I
Is there something magic about the James Bell case that causes
alphabet agencies to investigate those that openly discuss it?
This is a real question to which I hope you will reply: Considering the
type of data you post on your sites, do you find that you're being
watched, or has that period come and gone?  Have you ever requested your
FBI file through the FOIA?  I don't know that I have one, but I may send
off a request just to see.
I would love to hear your suggestions on how to react to "being watched"
if you've been frustrated by similar experiences.  Also, on the FOIA.
Would the DoD, CIA and FBI use Jeff Gordon's pissant operation to conceal a burgeoning homeland defense Stasi octupussy? Yes, and here's why:
Federal Register: April 13, 2001
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
Defense Science Board
SUMMARY: The Defense Science Board Task Force on Intelligence Needs for Homeland Defense--Follow-On Initiative will meet in closed session on April 11, 2001, at Los Alamos National Laboratory, Albuquerque, NM, April 12-13, 2001, at Sandia National Laboratory, Albuquerque, NM. This Task Force will explore the intelligence ramifications posed by a changing spectrum of threat regimes, including biological, chemical, information, nuclear, and radiological weapons.
[Snip. Complete document at  --DBM]

@_date: 2001-04-13 14:14:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Breeding Rats Galore 
Over the past few days, I found the story about James Bell in Tacoma who is being hung out to dry it seems.
I thought that the group I am associated with would enjoy reading all
the info you have on James Bell, so I pieced together some of the posts
about him and the link to Wired's articles.
That post was not incredibly controversial, nor were any threats made
against any person or group by myself or the respondents, yet I have
evidence that starting today, I am being watched, and trailed as I
Is there something magic about the James Bell case that causes
alphabet agencies to investigate those that openly discuss it?
This is a real question to which I hope you will reply: Considering the
type of data you post on your sites, do you find that you're being
watched, or has that period come and gone?  Have you ever requested your
FBI file through the FOIA?  I don't know that I have one, but I may send
off a request just to see.
I would love to hear your suggestions on how to react to "being watched"
if you've been frustrated by similar experiences.  Also, on the FOIA.
Would the DoD, CIA and FBI use Jeff Gordon's pissant operation to conceal a burgeoning homeland defense Stasi octupussy? Yes, and here's why:
Federal Register: April 13, 2001
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
Defense Science Board
SUMMARY: The Defense Science Board Task Force on Intelligence Needs for Homeland Defense--Follow-On Initiative will meet in closed session on April 11, 2001, at Los Alamos National Laboratory, Albuquerque, NM, April 12-13, 2001, at Sandia National Laboratory, Albuquerque, NM. This Task Force will explore the intelligence ramifications posed by a changing spectrum of threat regimes, including biological, chemical, information, nuclear, and radiological weapons.
    The mission of the Defense Science Board is to advise the Secretary of Defense and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology & Logistics on scientific and technical matters as they affect the perceived needs of the Department of Defense. At this meeting, the Defense Science Board Task Force will: consider the board spectrum of intelligence issues from early threat detection to deterrence, through response--including attribution; evaluate the collection and analysis of target-related information and weapon unique information; examine the role of HUMINT against these missions as well as the technology that the HUMINT collectors needs to be equipped with; consider strategic indications and warning and tactical warning dissemination and how the two need to be merged; analyze methodology to correlate large data flows spatially temporally and functionally (Low SNR); and assess the robustness of today's intelligence apparatus for coping with these challenges.
    In accordance with Section 10(d) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, P.L. No. 92-463, as amended (5 U.S.C. App. II), it has been determined that this Defense Science Board meeting, concerns matters listed in 5 U.S.C. 552b(c)(1), and that accordingly these meetings will be closed to the public.
    Due to critical mission requirements and scheduling conflicts, there is insufficient time to provide timely notice required by section 10(a)(2) of the
[[Page 19145]]
Federal Advisory Committee Act and Subsection 101-6.1015(b) of the GSA Final Rule on Federal Advisory Committee Management, 41 CFR part 101-6, which further requires publication at least 15 calendar days prior to the meeting of the Task Force.
    Dated: April 19, 2001. [Yes, 19.]

@_date: 2001-04-13 19:09:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GPS bugs (was: Jim Bell Trial: Third Day (fwd)) 
Jim's home in Vancouver, WA, is on a hill overlooking the Oregon border; from his house you can see more of Oregon
than Washington. So going across the border for him must have been so common as to be barely unnoticeable as with most twin-citizens. Not for Jeff's evil-intended eye, and his pea-brain which must have gone searching for a statute that perfectly fit a borderless prey, waiting for dark night to pounce via
fairly dumb GPS gadget (or maybe a TS "illuminator" that
needed no electronic emission, just a shaped object).
If Mueller in Bend, OR, hadn't been invented by the CIA,
Jeff would have had concoct Jim a cross-border target
himself -- and maybe the Agency did him a favor.
CIA ISTAC is still listed in the .GOV database, the only
"CIA" listing. And a search on "Central Intelligence
Agency" only brings up a busy signal.
In contrast, ARIN offers dozens of listings for "Central Intelligence Agency."

@_date: 2001-04-17 20:44:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: very effective communication 
BF quoted:
When Robb London hurled the careerist word "terrorism" the left bank of Jim-gawkers hissedly overwrit their cryptoed HDs, the right bank of techno-Quanticoeds caressed their de-degaussers.
Jeff Gordon said he cypherpunkishly PGPs, and employs avant-garde tools to breach its sanctuary for daft believers. You mean B&E or ratfinkerfucker, a fool tsked. Jeff thumbed a hole in n out.

@_date: 2001-04-18 11:26:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CIA CPIC/West 
I am seeking information on a CIA operation known as
CPIC/West located in Bend, Oregon. This is a sister
station of CPIC/Miami, or OC/Miami, or CPIC/East, which was described on this list in 1998 by Kenneth C. Stahl, a former communications specialist for the Agency.
    The Oregon operation may be known also as CIA-ISTAC,
also possibly located in Bend, Oregon, which was a subject
of a recent federal trial in Tacoma, Washington.

@_date: 2001-08-01 04:53:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Ashcroft Targets U.S. Cybercrime 
Yes, yes, and the claim that a prosecutor can indict a ham sandwich, are
what makes the United States a nation of laws less abided, less understood,
less respected. Tim May's daily law-breaking is normal. Even lawyers do it.
All believing they will never be targeted.
But with 1 out of 8 US persons working in the law industry, and 1 out of 100 incarcerated, most of the population will one day will suffer forfeiture, do community service, make restitution, be on probation, wear tracking devices, be snooped on, hairy-eyeballed at a weekly upcoming case schedule, or
just grouped into a conspiracy for being churned throught the justice system as a re-education in responsible citizenship.
If you think you can avoid this re-education then you probably consider
yourself above or outside the law, under the radar, unnoticeable, not worth
the effort of authorities, never done anything illegal except a few things
nobody knows about, or, best of all, a member of a privileged caste which
is protected by a higher law for law enforcers-- like, a journalist,
or a priest, or a doctor, or a TLA herding pre-defined miscreants toward the chute. That spooked miscreants stampede or mavericks hook a gut,
well, that's just in guns and ammo.
Watch what those dozen new CHIP units spook in the course of trying
to keep up with runaway technology. Indictments for trailing edge tech
is what is meant by "the kind of shoes you're wearing." Herding miscreants, avoiding the hard crimes committed at justice HQs,
in order to not offend Boss, Congress, Stockholders, Voters. Mueller is
likely to be worse than Freeh in the sense that he will favor what he
thinks are his strengths and ignore his weaknesses -- hoping to mollify
those above him doing the same, that is, never ever investigate the
overseers, whisper secrets and provide perks to those who "watch the

@_date: 2001-08-01 14:54:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Laws of mathematics, not of men 
References: The time for confidences is over. Lawyers are considering
a change in their ethics about ratting on clients (see NY Times
today); priests are ratting about criminal confessions; reporters
are ratting on interviewees, psychiatrists are ratting patients.
DoJ and the courts are squeezing all the privileged listeners
along with ISPs and remailers and sysadmins and CDRs and
trusted circles and cryptographers -- so what makes anyone
think mathematics of concealment is any more protection than a concealed weapon when crypto has long been known as
a highly dangerous munition.
What is interesting is the fast shuffling going on among once
trusted confidants of all formulae, of all most trusted schemes
of protection -- authorities of all models are suspect, personal
as well as institutional.
The wargames of the snake oilers, read it here, grind your grist, spot
the narc, the provocateur, of the day, avoid mirrors or you'll shit your britches with recognition of self-deception.
Spit. Dry spit, unable to drivel, when your closest admirers decide to
rock you a Shirley Jackson to gain another year of not being backdoored.

@_date: 2001-08-04 10:22:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: What You Don't Know Will Kill You 
Hans Mark, a septugenarian DoD official in a seminar at Harvard on "Intelligence, Command and Control," in Spring 2000 said:
  "It is as bad to have too much information as it is not to have any.   Both contribute to Clausewitzs fog of war. It is not good to have a   completely transparent communications system. The private does   not need to know what the general knows. In fact, if the private knew   what the general knows, he might not want to go over the next hill."
Mark says he believes in unquestioned command authority as the most essential quality of the military, over weapons, strategy,
tactics and intelligence.
He acknowledged that commanders made mistakes but that history
has shown the validity of supreme command authority.
Elsewhere one reads that commanders are taught that casualties
are inevitable in war and that the resolute commander will not
hesitate to order an action that will certainly cause death.
Corollary of Mark's moral: be a commander never a follower or, best,
avoid heirarchies of rank and their promugators. Better than best
is to destroy heirarchies.
For getting followers to obey commands requires bountiful deception
and betrayal. That is called morale building, esprit de corps, patriotism, putting the nation, the unit, your comrades above your self-preservation.
Believers in heirarchies get really pissed when you question their
authority, and will kill you to show who is boss, or more likely order
an underling commander to order a blind faith warrior to do it with
a stand-off weaponry created for cowards.
Check out the NY Times Magazine's featured piece tomorrow on the US plan to command the world through space weaponry. All doomsday
gadgets commanded from Earth by e-generals pushing Linux sysadmins'
buttons with dreams of generalship for all just over the hill.
Why is command-authority IBM, Oracle and Sun getting so deeply in bed with the Linux mavericks under cover of combating Microsoft?

@_date: 2001-08-04 13:53:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Slashdot | Roasting Sacred Cows 
Some of the titles of URLs you offer appear interesting. Could you
include a paragraph or two for each? Say, at least as much text
as the skull clutter of your headers and sig.

@_date: 2001-08-04 15:26:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Slashdot | Roasting Sacred Cows 
References: <200108041753.NAA23502
Jim, I appreciate your resistance. Still, our experience on Cryptome with
offering only URLs indicates that they are little used unless there's a taste
of what is worth going to see. No doubt that it would be easiest to give only URLs and let the lazy bastards graze readers-digest crap elsewhere. But it's not the deadheads we'd like to swap info with,
for they never give back enough to make it worthwhile -- usually the
shits just send more URLs without explanation as if we can read
their profound thoughts.
What we've found is that if you treat your readers with respect they'll
give it to you, even send you stuff you'd never see otherwise. That is,
they'll inform you and educate you in ways you can't do alone, though
that shared experience isn't for everyone, I'll grant you, in particular
when you want only to talk and preach and not listen and learn.
So we've found that the better we make our samples the more likely
readers will figure we're offering something worth reading, and if they
like it they'll eventually return the favor, and if we're lucky we get
better than we offer -- indeed, that is always the case:  the best
stuff comes in from folks who figure they'd like to take part in a
mutually rewarding situation, as we see on cypherpunks.
URLs alone send a message of laziness, contempt, cluelessness about
the benefits of communication as against dancing castaway on an island.
For that solo shit you don't need CDR, the Net, the world, or think you
don't until the radio farts coming from your ass are only cancer static.

@_date: 2001-08-04 16:35:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Slashdot | Roasting Sacred Cows 
References: <200108041925.PAA06210
Well, I missed the golden days of alleged army-grade mules
here, but since summer 94 there's been nobody posting to
cpunks who was intolerable all the time or tolerable all the
time either. There are fewer tolerable than intolerable but
that's the nature of this sulphurous waterhole. You drink
here and you go nuts, thinking you got smarter than the
others, feel the urge to shape up the fools.
You got to expect that the longer you read this list the
more your mind and ethics degrade. But that's better than
those lists where the opposite is futilely promised. The
best lists go downhill without end, abandon all attempts
to improve themselves, accept scum that remain -- all too human.
Barroom brawling produces no winners only scars and
cauliflowers. Gentlepersons just watch and tut-tut in lengthy
essays on what the world is descending to, then vote for
more regulation and policing for everyone except them
and their vile secret practices.
Too late to be an outsider, hanging above the fray like an
angel, that option disappeared with the compulsive need for appreciation, the snake bit the angel overdosing on conceit of knowledge. Omniscient God hates his adoring children
knowing the suck-ups thoroughly as chips off.
One of the godly features of this Styx is the violent reaction against manipulative praise, especially if it is not aimed at your proffered graven image.
You want to screw someone here just tell them how much
you appreciate their contributions. Lie.

@_date: 2001-08-06 14:17:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: "Space War" 
References: Don't overlook what is reportedly happening on the back side of the moon. The URL for an IF-mooncam was posted here a while
ago. The stream is encrypted but with weak crypto -- the crypto-processor is 1968-9 vintage. The cam is part of a data
package placed on the dark side in a classified operation. Signals
bounced off a reflector stationed at the very edge of the moon's What else is being done there remains to be disclosed.
Didn't somebody mention also mention here that there's a group which intercepts the stream?
I believe the Smithsonian has an archive of the small amount of public material, and NARA has some of the classified stuff needing
clearance for access.

@_date: 2001-08-06 22:00:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Public Records in USA v. Sklyarov 
Cryptome has obtained 60 pages of public records filed in USA v. Dmitry Sklyarov: five pages of Court documents and 55 pages of submissions in support of Dmitry's character and achievements. They are offered in compressed TIFF format:
Court Documents:
Order Setting Conditions of Release and Appearance Bond, August 6, 2001
    (1 page, 87KB)
Magistrate Judge Minute Order, August 6, 2001
    (1 page, 83KB)
Warrant for Arrest, July 11, 2001
    (1 page, 43KB)
USA Motion to Seal the Criminal Complaint and Arrest Warrant, July 11, 2001
    (1 page, 42KB)
Sealing Order by Magistrate Patricia Trumbull, July 11, 2001
    (1 page, 28KB)
These five are available in a Zipped file:
    (5 pages, 276KB)
The Criminal Complaint was also in the public records but heretofore published:
  Submissions in Support of Dmitry:
English and Russian documents -- consulate letters, certificates of education and achievement, letters of colleagues, friends and Elcomsoft clients -- in a Zipped file of compressed TIFF images:
    (55 pages, 2.82MB)

@_date: 2001-08-07 13:12:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Star Chamber America 
References: Note that it was the United States Attorney's office which
first published the criminal complaint on July 17 while the case records remained sealed until August 6, 2001. The judge's
Minute Order of August 6 stated: "Complaint is ordered unsealed,"
three weeks after the USA deployed the complaint for its exclusive spin, and perfectly timed for Mueller's hearing as FBI head --
Mueller's name is on the sealing motion.
For those unable to download the Sklyarov images, here is what
the USA's request to seal said:
The United States of America, through undersigned counsel, requests
that the criminal complaint and arrest warrant to be issued on this date
in the above styled matter remained [sic] sealed until further motion by the government. The government requests that the criminal complaint
and arrest warrant be placed under seal to avoid compromising the
investigation or placing any of the agents involved in the investigation
in danger during the completion of the investigation.
Dated July 10, 2001            Respectfully submitted,
                                                ROBERT S. MUELLER, III
                                                United States Attorney
                                                JOSEPH SULLIVAN
                                                Assistant United States
The Judge's order to seal:
For the reasons set forth in the government's application for a
sealing order, it is ORDERED that the criminal complaint and
arrest warrant issued on this date in the above styled matter
be sealed.
Dated: 7/10/01                     Patricia Trumbull
                                                United States Magistrate Judge

@_date: 2001-08-07 19:56:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IRS Criminal Investigation Handbook 
The IRS Criminal Investigation Handbook describes in 95
chapters the procedures for investigation of crime, preparing
for trial and a host of other activities including undercover operations and surveillance:
  The handbook aptly describes the variety of methodologies
used in the Bell and Parker cases, in particular covert methods
used to induce criminal actions for entrapment, as well as
massaging trial testimony of witnesses and agents.
The chapter on Undercover Operations provides for covertly attending client-attorney sessions; posing as an attorney, physician, clergyman, or member of the news media;
obtaining through false pretense privileged information from attorneys, physicians, clergy and news media; giving false testimony; putting innocent parties at risk of physical
violence; carrying out criminal actions; and earn income
to offset cost of the operations ("churning"):
  The chapter on Surveillance and Non-consensual Monitoring
"It is important to distinguish between investigative techniques used in surveillance activities and certain undercover operations.
The following characteristics apply to surveillance:
  The purpose is to observe ongoing activities and individuals.
  Interaction with subjects and third parties is usually not initiated.
  Conversations are incidental to the surveillance.
  Conversations are not monitored or recorded, except as set forth in   above.
  The special agent has limited cover, used to protect the integrity of   the surveillance.
  Local special agents are used.
  Special agents need not be trained in undercover techniques.
Initiated surveillance activity bears little resemblance to an undercover operation. The following situations indicate the surveillance activity evolved into an undercover operation:
  The activity continues for an extended period, and begins to focus   on certain individuals.
  Reliance on cover identities increase.
  Contacts with targets and other individuals are more in-depth.
  Agents become participants rather than observers of the activities   of interest.
The following characteristics apply to undercover operations:
  The purpose is to initiate or participate in activities with identified   targets.
  Interaction with subjects and third parties is sought.
  Undercover agents or other authorized individuals initiate and   direct conversations to further the objectives of the operation.
  Conversations may be monitored and recorded.
  The undercover agent has a documented cover. This cover is   used as a basis for contacts with targets or witnesses."

@_date: 2001-08-08 09:48:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IRS War Against US Homeland 
On the likelihood of undercover IRS agents being long active on cypherpunks, and/or the use of Jim Bell as
a lure for entrapment:
Can anyone with experience in law and/or law enforcement
comment on what other law enforcement agencies are
permitted to do what the IRS agents can, as noted here
Along with a host of other apparently criminal activities.
Or are these wide-ranging law breaking methods unique
to the IRS? If they are unique, why is that the case? Is it
because the money-raising arm of government is crucial
to all the rest?
What is striking about these criminal activities is how
similar they are to what intelligence agencies are permitted
to do for national security -- but are presumably prevented
from doing to US citizens.
This is pursuing a thought that the IRS investigators may
be the fundamental link between national security agencies
and domestic agencies, as was demonstrated at the latest
Bell trial where IRS involved a host of government agencies
in the case.
If it is IRS, not FBI, not Secret Service, not DoJ, not FEMA,
not DoD, which is leading homeland defense, that would be in conformance with the essay by Deborah Natsios on the topic
which grew out of observation of the peculiar features of
the Bell trial.
No other government agency has as much information about
US citizens as the IRS, so it would be logical for its investigative
arm to lead investigations and prosecutions for internal enemies.
And to be sure, all other agencies and branches of government
would happily look the other way while the money-raisers do
what has to be done to keep all of them in business. This, despite
faint recent criticism of IRS outlaw practices. (One might suspect
the bumbling FBI is being used as a diversion from the rise of
IRS hegemony in US law enforcement.)
And, if IRS is leading homeland defense investigation, that might
well portend most interesting days ahead for cypherpunks. As
well as heighten interest in the undercover operatives here who
presumably have been long engaged in building reputation,
confidence and trust -- or fomenting their opposites -- and
aiming at entrapment by advocating criminal behavior,
as specified by the CI Handbook.
Note that the Handbook encourages the use of private parties
as witting and unwitting undercover agents. This would include
the possibility that Jim Bell is such a wit or unwit, as well as
others who have come to his defense, or for that matter, who
have strongly attacked him. Indeed, according to the Handbook there are no innocents which
may not be drawn into combating tax crimes, no crimes that cannot be committed by undercover agents, no prohibition against false testimony, no ban on stealing privileged communications, no deception or concealment forbidden that will catch alleged or
prospective tax criminals. That is a fair description of war against America, which is another way of saying government terrorism against the homeland. I guess that makes sense for those who are determined to assure
with Italy's Interior Minister that "a state must never lose the
monopoly on the use of force" (NY Times today). Not even when
that force is applied illegally -- again as often justified in times
of war.

@_date: 2001-08-12 21:05:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cell Phone Gun 
Anonymous forwarded a video (with sound) of a cell phone gun, showing it being assembled and fired four times:
  This device was described here some time ago, I believe,
and while the forwarded post appeared to come from a
USAF officer on Milnet, I wonder if the gun is authentic.
Other stories on this?
The AF officer warns that while the weapon has not yet appeared
in the US, it is being found now and then in Europe, especially
Germany. And US Customs is checking cellphones of arriving passengers, so do not hestitate to hand yours over if asked or you might get shot.
With the millions of cellphones in Europe it is a wonder
that a jumpy cop has not yet shot a kid for failing to give up
an inseparable handy.

@_date: 2001-08-13 06:02:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cell Phone Gun 
References: <200108130108.VAA17144
  <200108130108.VAA17144
Thanks to Interesting People and Matthew Gaylor here is the ABC News report of December 6, 2000, on the cell phone gun:

@_date: 2001-08-15 00:08:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CJ Free 
CJ Parker has been released from prison though must
serve months in a half-way house, where else but in
Seattle where it all began and continues. There's a strange report that he is somewhere out west, vehicle shot, out of money, and late for showing up at the half-way house. Perfect.

@_date: 2001-08-18 13:05:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bomb Law Reporter - special edition 
>
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010818105737.02128b70
  <4.3.2.7.2.20010818042931.01a9bda0  >
  <20010818102531.B10513
  <4.3.2.7.2.20010817112401.033757b0
  <4.3.2.7.2.20010817061916.00e4e260
  <4.3.2.7.2.20010817112401.033757b0
Somewhere it has been written that it is high chickenshit to
post a claim that it will be "my last in the thread" rather than
just not shit that last pile and then walk away a little distance to spy who comes to sniff and shit on yours thus requiring yet one more dollop of numero uno grafitti, usually a while later when it can be done without calling attention to mirror-image idiocy of last word authoritarian fart-biters.
Still, no chickenshit behavior is more idiotic than plonking and kill-filing and bragging about them and recommending them ad pukem, rather just taking up doily crochet.
Time to lay off Jim Choate, too, Sandy, smells like hysteria.
And a bad provoke for mass hysteria which breaks out
here at the barest of fangs. Which never happened in the
golden days of comfort thinking.
Hope nobody agrees with this spit bomb. Spit.

@_date: 2001-08-19 14:28:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI Tries to Set Up Brian K. West 
References: <200108182210.f7IMAVO63611
The name of the prosecuting attorney is on the plea bargain sent to Brian, copy below.
I agree that this kind of once-okay data-mining and publishing will now get you Bell-jarred, CJ-jugged.
Full listing of Brian West case files:
  BKW: (NOTICE: Any spelling errors would be mine.. I think I have it exactly as it was sent to me.  I will have it in PDF format when I nerves are better!)
U.S. Department of Justice
United States Attorney
Eastern District of Oklahoma
1200 West Okmulgee
Muskogee, Oklahoma 74401
(918) 684-5100
Main Fax (918) 684-5130
Criminal Fax (918) 684-5150
August 14, 2001
Brian West
714 E. Osage
McAlester, OK 74501
Fax: 918-967-2859
VIA FAX
Dear Mr. West:
        This letter is sent pursuant to our conversation of yesterday.  You indicated to me that you are currently unrepresented in this matter.  If that is untrue, or if you eventually obtain representation, please have your attorney contact me as soon as possible.
        You are incited to appear before the Grand jury on about September 5, 2001 to answer questions regarding your involvment in alleged illegal activity.  Whether or not you decided to appear before the grand jury is completely up to you.  Please let me know as soon as possible, but by no later than August 24, 2001, in writing, whether or not you desire to appear before the grand jury, and the invitation will be withdrawn.  Futhermore, it is prudent that all of our communications occur in writing, so please note I will henceforth decline to speak with you on the telephone.
        Pursuant to Department of Justice Policy, the folling advice of rights is provided for your information:
                                ADVICE OF RIGHTS
        1.  The grand jury for the Easter District of Oklahoma is conducting an investigation of possible violations of Federal Criminal Law innvolving a violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1030, and other violations.  You are the target of this investigation.
        2.  You may refuse to answer any questions if a truthful answer to the question would tend to incriminate you.
        3.  Anything that you do or say may be used against you by the Grand Jury or in subsequent legal proceeding.
        4.  If you have retained counsel, the Grand Jury will premit you a reasonable opportunity to step outside the Grand Jury room to consult with counsel if you so desire.
        Whether to retain an attorney is entirely your decission;  however, I must emphasize that this is a serious matter.  The advice of an attorney may be of great assistance.  If you do retain an attorney, please advise me of that fact soon as         Also the government would be willing to resolve this matter at this juncture if you agreed to plead guilty to one violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1030.  As part of the agreement the government would stipulate that your sentence should be probation.  Please let me know, in writing, as soon
as possible, whether or not you wish to resolve this matter pursuant to plea agreement.
        If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call FBI Special Agent Gary Graff.  I believe a prompt resolution of this matter is in everyone's best interest.
Sincerly yours,
SHELDON J. SPERLING
United States Attorney
(Signed Jeff Gallant)
JEFF GALLANT
Assistant United States Attorney

@_date: 2001-08-20 18:02:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI Tries to Set Up Brian K. West 
References: <3B808DE1.4120BC2B
  <200108182210.f7IMAVO63611
  <200108191834.OAA32066
Sperling is the office boss, not the case prosecutor,
who is AUSA Gallant. A report claims that a person with
the last name Gallant is the sysadmin at Brian's
competitor - who operated the Okie Rag's Web site
Good Cyber-Citizen Brian reported to be holey and
got cyber-criminalized forthwith. Whether the dipsec Gallant who got exposed by Brian had set a cyber-trap in order for Sperling/Gallant's office to grab some cyber-crime funding is just too fucking fantastic to believe, what with the cyber-soldier training camp being set up right in the neighborhood and
bigtime newspaper notices splashing the chamber of
commerce Ft. Sill-grade cyber-crime-fighting pork Okies like greased-pig justice.com prisons, too, especially that OKC federal transfer station we read about here so avidly when those rumors are not being shunted aside
by Aimee's hot-eyed scheme to blow up something as if she's determined to prove AP is not a joke on Jeff.
Come to think of it Aimee's reminds of Jeff, and the timing
is pretty good for another raid.
Hark, wipe your disks.

@_date: 2001-08-22 13:15:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Raid 'em, raid 'em now. 
And I'm warning you it's the minerals in Texas water,
we can't help ourselves from being apes of Lyndon
Johnson, Billy Sol Estes, Steve Jackson, Judge Roy
Bean, Ike Eisenhower, George Shrub, Janis Joplin,
Governors Ma Ferguson and Pappy Lee O'Daniel,
the feces-eating Lipan Apaches, Pecos Man, and
the long-line of dust-suckers of the Big Meteor effluvia
that still blows from the toxic sand outside Monahans.
Jim Choate is a plastic honky-tonk Austinite by comparison,
all smart-ass hook-em-horns college-fucked without a glimmer of the origin of the meteor alien brain motes he barfs up as URLs.
Dallas and Houston, no, everything east of Big Spring,
might as well be Six Flags over OklaArkaLou. Except
San Antonio, which still has enough cultivated Mexicans
from pre-United States to make it no more useless than
Europe and Asia and, shhh, the Golden State.
Did you know that 2/3 of the daily waste removed from the
London Underground is human hair and skin flakes whipped
off the owners by swirling wind? Highly flammable. That
might be why California has so many wild fires.

@_date: 2001-08-24 21:33:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Quantum Computation/Cryptography at Los Alamos  
Faustine, you will not be billed for this, this time:
A fair number of posters here attempt to speak for those who
cannot communicate coherently, as well as for those who
speak badly, wrongly, misguidely, stupidly, ungrammatically,
and ebonically -- and more lilies than I got the brain to
I like those sheep doggie dogs and you will too if you learn
that they know where the master whistling their behavior
keeps the club to the head they bark earnestly to avoid.
Remember the dogs can keep you from being served as
dinner, and being regularly fleeced aint half bad compared
to having to put up with the master's lonely proclivities.
It's all about money and the crippling drug of it, forget the vain parables of reputation deployed to sneakthief your savings. Anybody tell you how to behave and speak and
think got one thing only on its fevered mind.
There, for free, one time only.

@_date: 2001-08-25 12:12:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentenced to 10 years in prison 
See 9-page judgment in TIF format:
    (262KB)
In addition to 10 years Jim was also fined $10,000 due immediately and faces three years of probation. No computer use and a long list of other prohibitions including "no direct or indirect contact with the victim in this case, Special Agent Jeff Gordon."
Motherfucking sonsofbitching shiteaters.

@_date: 2001-08-25 12:56:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentenced to 10 years in prison 
References: <200108251619.MAA00074
I'd appreciate your not addressing mail to me concerning
Jim Bell, though that may be due to the way your mailer
is set up to respond to cpunk mail.
I got subpoenaed to the grand jury and trial because
Jim Bell's responses to my messages to cpunks were
addressed to me and cc'ed to cpunks, just as yours
was in this case. Robb London claimed that meant
Jim and I were in direct communication when I was
doing all I could to avoid private contact with Jim, then as now. He continues to be a witting or unwitting agent of the fuckers in ensnaring stand-off supporters in
his comical stupidities which the fuckers take as
high serious crimes.
And I will ask again to all readers in the universe: do not send me private e-mail about Jim Bell, CJ, or anybody likely to be a target of the SOBs working cybercrime-rich territory. Post your stuff to a public forum, and do not cc me.
Thank you very much.

@_date: 2001-08-25 14:13:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentenced to 10 years in prison 
References: <200108251619.MAA00074
  <5.0.2.1.0.20010825113937.02113060
  <200108251619.MAA00074
Judgment converted to PDF:
    (404KB)

@_date: 2001-08-25 14:42:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentenced to 10 years in prison 
References: <20010825141626.A16023
I've been typing in the cpunks address in reply for months,
and don't mind, after reading about a host of problems
associated with automatic replies and cc's and hidden
header information that doesn't show up kiddie-script
And nothing I've written about avoiding private contact
with Jim Bell is meant to diminish support for the entrapped
anti-hero who deserves widest possible attention and backing
no matter your personal opinion of his seeming stupidities
in taking the feds poisoned bait.
This was a show trial which had little to do with Jim Bell's
piddlings. These varmints are going after bigger game using
Jim as a lure.
Still it was a pleasure to meet Jim in Seattle surrounded by the mighty US pro-terrorist forces, him in his ruppled prison blues,
the terrorists in camouflage suits and ties, going home at night, bragging about winning the endless war against perps, nervously
double-checking their homeland defenses.
The court's inhuman form-based judgment makes me want to
puke at its futile avoidance of broad personal responsibility, London and Tanner signing for the undercover cowards up and down the nationwide war-chart.

@_date: 2001-08-25 15:44:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentenced to 10 years in prison 
References: <200108251821.OAA15821
  <200108251619.MAA00074
  <5.0.2.1.0.20010825113937.02113060
  <200108251619.MAA00074
  <20010825130000.C14762
  <200108251821.OAA15821
Declan, you are still tarring me with messages addressed to
me and cc'ed to cpunks. So I state: I want no direct e-mail
to me about cybercriminals convicted or likely to be that. Anybody does that after I ask them not to I will consider working with the authorities, wittingly or unwittingly.
Let me say that again, any reporter, priest, doctor, lawyer,
or any other likely undercover agent which meets with me,
sends me e-mail, telephones me, or faxes me without making that simultaneously public I will interpret as an attempt to entrap either for professional reasons or to
help the authorities or both.
Declan, I say to you, that means you. I think you are being
used as a lure just as much as Jim Bell, CJ and a several
more. Your journalistic conceit appears to be blinding you
to the threat you pose. Recall our talk about this in Seattle when you warned me that our conversations could be someday revealed in court, and that you considered your telling me that as fair warning to be careful what I told you.
This is not to single you out, I told the 60 Minutes reporters
and other journalists what I'm saying to you here. None
of you fuckers are free of being forced to tell what you
have been told in confidence, and no fair warning relieves
you of the obligation to tell those who confided in you just
what you are telling others to save your own ass.
All the privileged receivers of confidential information got
to get used to going public before they are forced to testify
in secret. That is happening now and will happen more as
the homeland war heats up and nuts and tits get squeezed.
Where am I going with this? I believe Jim Bell and CJ
were shopped to the feds, and others are probably being
shopped right now, whether on purpose or by inadvertency. I don't know who all  is involved with this shit but it is damn well is going to come out.
Best to just not pretend anymore that these privileged parties
can or will keep information confidential. That means nobody.

@_date: 2001-08-25 17:42:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentenced to 10 years in prison 
References: <20010825163737.B18435
  <200108251821.OAA15821
  <200108251619.MAA00074
  <5.0.2.1.0.20010825113937.02113060
  <200108251619.MAA00074
  <20010825130000.C14762
  <200108251821.OAA15821
  <20010825145853.B16765
  <200108251952.PAA17636
  <20010825163737.B18435
We'll have up this weekend a 180-page report by the Defense
Science Board on "Protecting the Homeland -- Defensive
Information Operations," a study conducted in the summer of
2000, published in March 2001, which describes in detail multi-billion dollar proposals for combating threats to the US by technologies, if not politics, promoted on this list.
It could hardly be more descriptive of the multi-agency
operations deployed in the Bell, CJ and other cybercrime trials and proposes as well what must be done to change defense, intelligence, law enforcement and civil liberties legislation to assure that defense of the homeland takes precedence over long-established rights of the citizenry.
Curiously, the document charges that DoJ and the FBI
are mulishly resisting sharing investigative information
with Defense by citing legal restrictions on allowing
outsider access. (That could be smokescreening.)
The report urges that Defense and Intel be given
ready access to whatever information will assist
their urgent task.
One of the legal advisors to the task force was Stewart
Baker, but there were several dozen industry and governmental
Here's a policy snippet:
"Following the end of the Cold War, and the subsequent changes in the geopolitical climate, the United States now faces a different kind of threat. This threat is characterized by the ability of numerous potential adversaries to engage in an information attack upon the United States, enabled by the lower entry costs associated with such an attack. America's ability to attribute and respond is woefully inadequate to pose a significant deterrent to would be attackers. On the other end of the spectrum, early tactical indications and warning capabilities are virtually non-existent in cyberspace. These factors converge to create a newly and differently vulnerable U.S. homeland.
It is the contention of the task force that immediate actions can work to decrease the threat and potential damage to U.S. national security, including infrastructures, institutions and individuals. The United States national security apparatus must continue to evolve over time to deal with these emerging trans-national threats, including trans-boundary threats where the differences between law enforcement and national defense, between foreign and domestic, between national and transnational, and between government and civilian are increasingly irrelevant."

@_date: 2001-08-25 18:44:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Reporter's shield laws 
References: <200108252135.f7PLZMf09568
  <20010825164536.C18435
Sure, Declan, I think it would have been a big boost to your rep and career, and the object of my envy, if you had been sent to jail for resisting London but your luck wasn't good that day, or the Snoozing Judge never heard your "fuck you Jack."
Again, you are not the target of my spillover anger about the Bell lynching. You got deeper into that tarpit than most of us, having now been yanked into court twice for Jim and CJ. Better luck next time being newsworthy -- aint that better
than faint-praising newsmakers?
60 Minutes said Shithead Tanner would not allow an interview with Bell until after the sentencing. I wonder if Mike Wallace
will contemn the USA/court shenanigans with a deep and full report, not just toy with Jim as a homeboy-terrorist.

@_date: 2001-08-26 07:27:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bell Sues 
com>
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010825113937.02113060
Here's the 14-page court docket for Jim Bell's case through August 25, 2001:
  This lists several of Jim's appeals, the last on August 14.
For a flavor of what's been going on to deny Jim his rights
here's a footnote to a "Sentencing Memorandum" of August 9 by Robert Leen, Jim's attorney (docket No. 184):
"Within the past week undersigned counsel obtained a copy
of the class action lawsuit the defendant has filed in the
United States District Court for the District of Oregon.
Among the accusations in the Complaint is a litany of
alleged ethical violations, criminal acts and misdeeds
that undersigned counsel purportedly committed in
conjunction with the Court and other court officers.
In response to complaints the defendant has made to
this court, the WSBA and the Ninth Circuit Court of
Appeals, undersigned counsel has repeatedly moved
to withdraw or, in the alternative, permit the defendant
to represent himself. These requests have been
denied. Inasmuch as the defendant has objected to
undersigned counsel taking any action on his behalf
undersigned counsel asks that the Court not rely
upon any argument made in this sentencing
memorandum unless expressly adopted by the
No private mail on this topic, responses only to cpunks
without cc to me, thanks.

@_date: 2001-08-26 10:51:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bell Case Files 
We've put up some 80 court filings in the Bell case,
hyperlinked to the August 25 docket cited here yesterday:
   Recall that Judge Tanner sealed all the public
files that were available when he learned one of
the filings provided names of the jury pool and names
of jurors selected for the trial. The court's online files
were removed. He subsequently unsealed most
of the files (except 7 which remain sealed) but
the pre-trial filings have not been restored to the court's web site. Now only post-trial filings are available there.
Our offering is for the whole kaboodle that appeared
on the court's site from day 1, starting with the complaint from November 2000 through the sentencing order of August 24, 2001.
The files are in the multi-image TIFF format used
by the WWA court (and a number of other courts). The files can be viewed by a multi-image viewer such as Kodak's Imaging for Windows (included with
W98 et seq), Quick Time, Graph Works (a shareware), and others.

@_date: 2001-08-28 15:52:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentenced to 10 years in prison 
References: <20010828170005.AAA28450+3970112   .  us>
Aimee Farr could be a nice lady lawyer who just appeared here by serendip or a ... MS shiteater operating under the entrapment rules of IRS investigation manual.
Speaking what my nose tells me about Aimee's taunts
and ear licks here, and after smelling the shit spread in Tanner's courtroom, she's very dirty. Jeff and Rob and the
undercover agents behaved exactly the same and
relished displaying the effect of their sucker punches to the jury.
Anybody who has been responding to Aimee's emails in a
manner that has her name in the To: is fucked, but the same is true if you didn't do that but decided instead
to eat her bait and flaunt your superior intelligence.
According to the IRS manual she's working with associates here ricocheting bank shots, though the associates may be her other shiteating nyms.
Me, I joke about this stuff Aimee acts way too serious about and nothing she's (or he's or they've) posted here under any nym is to be taken seriously outside a Tanner-thighslap jury I figure there is more than one operation underway here,
and not all of them know what the others are doing. Christ,
the feeding is so bountiful they're probably shiteating each
other's. Which is what happens when cybercrimebusters
have resources beyond their abilities.

@_date: 2001-08-28 18:00:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentenced to 10 years in prison 
References: <200108281959.PAA00091
True, to a point. What constitutes an act appears to be
going through a dramatic redefinition in cybercrime and
allegedly terrorist-related actions.
An overt act is not the same for everyone; authorities
commit acts (crimes) that the rest of us cannot.
And according to the IRS investigation manual it is
fair game: to encourage such blurred-line-crossing actions,
even taking part in them to vet the promoter; to lie and
deceive to get the actions underway; to lie in court to conceal how it was done and who promoted the actions.
In the light that another reported has been subpoenaed for
notes it worth pondering if, as in the case of Bell and CJ,
journalists played a role in promoting line-crossing
behavior, not by doing the job they are known to do, but
by redefinition of the blurred line between reporting and
Neither Bell nor CJ would have been sent to prison without
the complicity of the media, witting or unwitting, and in my
opinion, witting moreso. Same goes for this list, which is
for me, a member of the media, and no doubt a member of
other conclaves yet to be revealed in court and to be sure
the hypermedia -- that is the media in which there is a
very blurred line (maybe none at all) between the authorities and the traditional media.
Look, this swipe is not about Declan and the guy at Bell's
trial. That is far too simple. What it is about is not taking for
granted avowals of innocence of trusted third parties no
matter what cloak they wear, for those TTP cloaks are now
clearly being used to entrap gullible actors. And any of
the TTPs who say this is paranoid have got a problem
of credibility derived primarily from the overly-concerted
effort to protect their own privilege even as they shop
their subjects as mere news, not quite getting the full
story right due to a blinding reliance on voices (grammar,
syntax, coherency, narrative) of authority which sound just like the authorities -- ducks quacking like ducks.
To not blindly tar everyone with this, I concede that those who have overtly proven they are trustworthy and continue to do so overtly, that is in public under fire, deserve a
chance on trust on short-terms. Talk about deserving trust
from any previleged position is just authoritarian talk.
And citing how many of your fellows have been thrown in
jail or suffered for their role aint worth shit unless you are
one of them. Then your talk aint all quack.

@_date: 2001-08-28 20:18:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bell Testimony Day 1 
Anonymous has provided a transcript of Jim Bell's
first day of testimony:
  Under questioning by his attorney Robert Leen, Jim testifies about his background and education, work experience and business affairs. Among other points he describes his exchanges on cypherpunks, dealings with an IRS undercover agent, his political beliefs, why he wrote Assassination Politics, encryption, and research in public  databases.
Other testimony by Jim will be provided soon.

@_date: 2001-08-30 09:20:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bell Testimony Day 2 
Day 2:
  Completion of direct questioning by Robert Leen,
Jim's many-times-fired attorney, and cross-examination by Robb London.
Two cpunks are mentioned by Jim by name, with glowingly
admirable death kisses. But he also kisses Leen (says Leen threatened to kill him two days before), London, Tanner, cpunk Jeff, another J and wife B, CIA's Bend OR Phantom, a phantom Phantom, The Super-Dirty Narc, Innocent Victim Agent No. 2, the Laura Raider of his mother's fireplace ashes, a police-asslick Reporter, and ... what can be said of Jim that he can't yodel better on the stand.
Tanner admonished London for leaving the podium
during questioning to get docs. "Stop it."
London apologized for asking Jim too many
questions without waiting for answers. "I'll stop
Leen asked to be relieved as defense attorney, Tanner: "Denied. Leen asked for a psycho exam of Jim, Tanner denied.
Jim tried to invoke his 5th Amendment rights,
Tanner denied: "answer the question."
Jim asked for legal representation, crying IANAL,
Tanner denied: "answer."
Jim admitted he stole mail and opened it, and burned
it in his mother's fireplace. Jim admitted he sent a
fax across state lines, and went across state lines
in pursuit of homebases of official pukes.
London affirmed all Jim's prison phone calls were
monitored, that cpuke Jeff monitors cpunks -- maybe
it was Jim who said the latter when he testified that
that posting to cpunks was how he notified the opukes what he intended.

@_date: 2001-08-31 10:35:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Borders UK and privacy 
References: <20010829232933.C24387
  <5.0.2.1.0.20010830103051.02226670
Ken Brown bragged:
A skivvied MoD scientist from Portland Downs raced past me ogling Buckingham in my red plaid tam and matching sweater, whispered, "you ugly fuck," and sliced a sample of my nose for cloning a least beloved cousin, and my half-blind soused SO yelled at the one-legged runner "Markov, help Bear Hatted Bobby, 'e pelleted him." BHB twitched,
'is nose twitched, by God in truth, in Morse, "cow."
If you saw the fighting for seats we saw in the London Underworld
you'd nere doubt how much skin and hair is afloat, and the skinning
of the tourists with double ugly cashmere and Monty Python legends
and Beatle-mania ad nauseum aint odd it's royal history.

@_date: 2001-12-10 16:16:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: AP Al Qaeda 
Whatever promise AP has for its avowed purpose, so far it
has helped to jail a couple of guys and smear a few more
while boosting the careers of several alleged targets.
Talking about AP in public is still going on, here and elsewhere.
Disagreeing about it too. Take it seriously or as a joke, take
your pick. Nothing in the essay proves it's serious or a joke.
Its quality appears to be determined by the credulity of the
reader. I like its jokey aspects more than the other. But that's my feeling
about this forum too. The thrill continues, trying to figure out
who is serious and how is joking and who is laying the traps. The more serious posts here are the best, but mattd is coming
on swell for a standoff comic. True that not everyone likes the humor of political agitation,
and prefer a somber aping of the pols and mils and edus
flogging non-fictional aspirations to right what's wrong,
delusional ravings presented as insight.
Jim Bell would have made AP an underground comedy if he
had hung out with the time-wasterists at MIT rather than with
the techno-commercialists. But I think his techno-political
potboiler succeeds by making a comical wrong turn into the
pokey, not once but twice, and inspiring CJ to follow,
and mattd, and surely more to come as the AP PR machine
gains momentum. A lesson to be learned by the politico-religio-righteous.

@_date: 2001-12-12 23:16:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MS Patent for DRM OS  
Microsoft's patent for a Digital Rights Management
Operating System was awarded yesterday:
  A digital rights management operating system protects rights-managed data, such as downloaded content, from access by untrusted programs while the data is loaded into memory or on a page file as a result of the execution of a trusted application that accesses the memory. To protect the rights-managed data resident in memory, the digital rights management operating system refuses to load an untrusted program into memory while the trusted application is executing or removes the data from memory before loading the untrusted program. If the untrusted program executes at the operating system level, such as a debugger, the digital rights management operating system renounces a trusted identity created for it by the computer processor when the computer was booted. To protect the rights-managed data on the page file, the digital rights management operating system prohibits raw access to the page file, or erases the data from the page file before allowing such access. Alternatively, the digital rights management operating system can encrypt the rights-managed data prior to writing it to the page file. The digital rights management operating system also limits the functions the user can perform on the rights-managed data and the trusted application, and can provide a trusted clock used in place of the standard computer clock.

@_date: 2001-12-14 19:30:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: bin Laden tape reliability 
What is peculiar is that the non-bin Laden parts of the tape
are superior quality, with close up zooms and other adjustments
for quality. The portions which show UBL are consistently poorer
than the rest, and show little adjustment for quality. Hard to know
if that difference is in the original or was due to later doctoring.
Any video wizards to comment on the likelihood of different
video operators or was it tape from two different machines
spliced together?
Eric Margolis, a reporter and commentator just now on Wolf Blitzer's CNN show pointed out that the tape allegedly came from the Northern Alliance, that the Alliance is very close to Russian intelligence, and that the Russians are masters at forging documents and evidence of all sorts.
Margolis went on to say that every good reporter is suspicious
of "Christmas gifts" like the tape which appear at just the
right time in a convenient finding place.
Blitzer's other two guests, a Saudi representative, and a
reporter for the LA Times, were not suspicious of the tape.
Me, I agree with our Cherry Tree President that no patriot not a pedophile or an African-American on death row in Texas, would ever doubt the tape's authenticity. However, I deeply respect that the Prez crossed his eyes while lisping
the raspberry. Crossed more than usual. And the smirk
of the Prez when he talks about beheading bin Laden is
right out of the video. The smirk that never goes away
on preppy visages.
To mattd, if you've got emit stuff about *illing the *rez,
be sure to post a real world contact address for those
who want to take you up on it. UBL might want to send
a few bucks.

@_date: 2001-12-14 20:00:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: bin Laden tape reliability 
Also, it is peculiar that almost nobody in the tape
looked at the camera, which is hard to do unless
trained to do so like actors are, or such looks were removed by editing.
It is also possible that the tape was made surreptitiously,
though the differing camera angles would have to be
done by separate cameras.
Bin Laden's bulk appears to change in different shots.
front about the same stringbean. The side shot might
have been due to distortion -- it was closer in than
the frontal.
If the tape is legitmate, I'd say it probably was made
to boost the reputation of the Saudi sheik sitting to
bin Laden's left. He is the second-most person featured.
Could be bin Laden made an appearance and agreed
to the tape for promotion of the Sheik's agenda. Perhaps
bin Laden was on a tour himself of a batch of sheiks
arranged in adjoining rooms, anointing each, maybe
even doing a fund-raiser like our photo-addicted pols.
Certainly UBL was behaving identically to politicians
out working the crowd, bragging, kidding, kissing,
pretending to love the audience, acting as though
all of it is not for video outreach. True, politicians
send in cut-outs and UBL could have sent his
double of which he must have several.

@_date: 2001-12-15 08:31:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: My week in Manila:Dial M for Mayhem. 
References: <5.0.0.25.0.20011215125153.00a53ca0
Marc confessed:
So you're a captive of the rebels, too. I agree there's is no
better life in the PI than being held prisoner away from the
In '63 on a Ford Foundation venture to the International Rice
Research Institute at Los Banos, I was captured by local
Commie bandits, as the faculty of the University of the Philippines were called by the fearful American enclave set up to woo the
heathen away from Red China.
It took about a second of Commie sex and rice wine to induce
me to abandon Texas Baptist eternal horniness and join
the enemy. After a week of ecstactic captivity, called by
the minimal missionary sex Amercians, brainwashing, my
future was set on the straight and narrow way of liberation,
any kind of liberation so long it was anti-authority.
I would still be there obeying my dick, drunk 24/7, with deep happiness had Ford not sent stand-by whitecoats to wrap me as they did with all wanton expatriates from with a canvas
jacket and deposit me back in infernal Houston which was
just awakening to the dream of making George Bush 1
the POTUS.
Even now a bowl of hot steaming rice is a sacred reminder
of how Asian Communism saved some Americans from a future of hand work and sobriety. All you Korean and Viet
Nam ex-POWs know the benefits of brain cleansing, as
does Marc and now mattd, the pleasures of auto-AP.

@_date: 2001-12-15 22:16:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Terrifying PGP 
The Portuguese newspaper Expresso, in reporting yesterday
on various documents discovered in Kandahar (including a
plan to Daisy Cutter London) says there was a manual for PGP. The paper commented that Congress had tried to ban PGP because it might be used by terrorists.
Wonder if there are publics keys in the registries for AF?
Better, will Zimmermann at long last face a tribunal for

@_date: 2001-12-15 22:21:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bin Laden Video Sting 
The Observer tomorrow reports that the bin Laden
video is likely the result of a CIA sting operation,
arranged through the Saudi sheik who was induced
by one or more intel agencies to lure bin Laden into
a picture perfect setting and induce him brag.
The report notes that the sheik appeared to be aware
of the video but not bin Laden.
It goes on to say that the tape looks very much like
tapes of Mafia stings by the FBI.

@_date: 2001-12-16 20:20:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Ban 
NOV 02 2001
                 United States District Court
                           for the
                Western District of Washington
Report on Offender Under Supervision
Name of Offender: Carl Edward Johnson Case Number: CR98-05393
Name of Judicial Officer: The Honorable Robert J. Bryan
Date of Original Sentence: 06/11/99 Date of Report: 10/29/01
Original Offense: Retaliation Against Judicial Officer; Obstruction Of Justice by Threat of Death Against Judicial Officer; Threatening Communication in Interstate of Foreign Commerce; Threatening Communications in Interstate
of Foreign Commerce.
Original Sentence: 37 months BOP; 3 years TSR
Type of Supervision: Supervised Release Date Supervision Commenced: 08/06/01
Special Conditions Imposed
[x] Substance Abuse [x] Financial Disclosure [ ] Restitution
[x] Mental Health   [ ] Fine           [ ] Community Service
[x] Other: No new credit; all employment shall be subject to approval by the Probation Officer; shall not use the Internet or a modem without the permission of his Probation Officer and shall provide his Probation Officer with the name and the Internet address of his Internet account use; shall not possess or use any computer encryption software or programs, retailers [sic], or anonymizers.
NONCOMPLIANCE SUMMARY
The probation officer believes that Carl Edward Johnson has violated conditions of supervision by:
Violation Number      Nature of Noncompliance
  1.        Failing to report the names and addresses of two             Internet service providers, in violation of a             special condition of supervision.
  2.        Using the Internet to access the "Cypherpunk"             website after being specifically instructed not             to use the Internet for this purpose, in violation             of standard condition number 3.
U.S. Probation Officer Action; On October 18, 2001, this officer received intelligence
information which indicated Mr. Johnson was accessing the Internet using two Internet accounts which had not been provided to this officer. Mr.Johnson was using these accounts to insert himself back into a "Cypherpunk" web site he had been accessing during the instant offense. During the probation intake with Mr. Johnson on August 20, 2001, he was instructed to use the Internet for the purpose of researching his medical condition and legal matters only, He was specifically instructed not to access
the Cypherpunk website.
Of particular concern was the content of Mr. Johnson's e-mails, which contained derogatory comments about federal officials. On October 22, 2001, this officer, along with the investigating agent in this matter, conducted an unannounced home visit at Mr. Johnson's residence. Mr. Johnson was asked if he had
provided this officer with all Internet accounts he was currently using, to which he stated he had two new accounts he forgot to report to this officer. He accurately provided the account addresses and stated he would not forget in the future. Mr. Johnson was questioned in regard to his recent postings to the Cypherpunk website after being instructed by this officer not to use the Internet for this purpose. Mr. Johnson became highly agitated at this point, yelling obscenities and banging his fists on the table. After he calmed down, however, Mr. Johnson stated he misunderstood and did not realize he was restricted from going into this site. He further explained that his messages, in regard to federal officials, were simply commentaries to other people's messages. Mr. Johnson was reprimanded for the inappropriate nature
of his e-mail messages and again specifically directed not to access the Cypherpunk website or make any postings to that site. It is noted that a thorough inspection of Mr. Johnson's residence was conducted during this home visit which did not yield anything The Probation Office is giving Mr. Johnson the benefit of the doubt when he says he misunderstood this officer's instructions. We will continue to monitor him closely, and are recommending that no further action be taken at this time. Should Mr. Johnson's noncompliant behavior continue, the Court will be immediately notified and further sanctions will be requested.
                                     Respectfuly submitted,
                                     [signed]
                                     Lornie G. Vanous                                      Senior U.S. Probation Officer
APPROVED: William S. Corn Chief U. S. Probation Officer
BY: [signed]
Catherine E. Sandstrom Supervising U.S. Probation Officer
10/31/01 Attachment: Presentence, Report
THE COURT DIRECTS: [x] No Action Approved [ ] Submit a Request for Modifying the Condition or Term of     Supervision [ ] Submit a Request for Warrant or Summons [ ] Other
                              [signed Robert J. Bryan]
                           Signature of Judicial Officer
                                     2 NOV 01
                                       Date

@_date: 2001-12-16 20:35:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Terrifying PGP 
References: Sure, and the URLs still work. The first URL opens the story and the PGP doc is mentioned at the jump at the 2nd URL:
go=ES45175 _artigo=ES45132 Here's Babelfish translation of the passage:
  To the side of some techniques of combat, apparently   rudimentary, were possible to find a manual on one of   the techniques of criptagem of more advanced electrsnicas   communications of the world, Pretty Good Privacy (PGP).    This method, practically considered inviolable, was forbidden   by the Congress them United States for distrust that could   be used to hide activities terrorist.

@_date: 2001-12-16 23:53:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Ban 
I don't recall the rationale used by the USPO to forbid
CJ from posting to cypherpunks. Anybody know the
answer to that?
I can see the spite value, but what harm could possibly
come from posting to cypherpunks as distinguished from
another mail list? Or does the ban include posting to
any mail list.
I read the prohibition against using the Internet for any
purpose except research on medical and legal matters,
but nothing in the probation conditions about cyperpunks
Is that selective ban of cpunks a prelude to Tora Bora-ing
the whole shebang?
Just what is it about cypherpunks that drives federal officials
in the elf-buggering northwest to phantasms of Inquisition, Witch Burning, chasing home-brewed bin Ladens? Inshallah,
they act demon-possessed like christ-fetishist Robert Hanssen.
Speaking of stakeworthy witches, did you see that mad-terrorist
groupie Jessica Stern was featured by Time magazine as one of the Five Underappreciated Americans?

@_date: 2001-12-17 09:19:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Ban 
References: <20011217082126.27927.qmail
  <1a12b99962ce2247da8c84403f581fdb
I've checked CJ's probation conditions and there's no mention
of cypherpunks, though POs can probably set any condition
they like. Or can they? The original conditions of release proposed by the PO included a ban on computer possession or use which was deleted by the judge. The judge also deleted
a ban on use or possession of a slew of computer peripherals
and programs.
The 7-page judgment and release conditions in multi-image
TIFF format:
   (202KB)
I seem to recall transcribing this doc months ago but
can't locate it.
The probation report posted here yesterday in its original
TIFF format:
    (84KB)
And the case docket with links to the six records
available online (the two above and four others):
  A clap of the hands to Western Washington District for
putting case records online. Not many federal courts do
that. A few offer decisions but hardly any records are
available. Records in the terrorism trials in New York should be put online in the public interest.
We downloaded the 293 records in the Ahmed Ressam
terrorism case (initiated in Western Washingtion, tried in Los Angeles). The most recent records made public are those unsealed after action by the Seattle Times in
October. We've transcribed a few of them along with
the Times' impressive public interest argument for release (i.e., the public needs to know as much as
possible about terrorism to address self-protection):

@_date: 2001-12-18 13:39:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Oregon Link to 9-11? 
Fox News reports that a senator from Oregon says
there is a link of the state to 9-11. No other details
provided by the senator. Anybody know more about
this or have a link?
Wonder if this has anything to do with ISTAC.gov the
CIA station allegedly in Bend, OR. ISTAC has been
visiting Cryptome over the past few days, which is
either a new friend who saw my grand jury testimony
about the station, read the trial transcript, has been perusing i-net archives, is a front for Safeweb or
Privsec, or a federal sniffer spoofing ISTAC and
setting poisoned bait.
ISTAC, a national department of the CIA, according to
anonymous, does interception work, and has at least
two stations, one eastern US and the one in Bend, OR.
Scott Mueller, according to his sworn testimony, has nothing to do with his namesake cut-out.
Listen, this may be a vicious rumor, but I was told yesterday
there is a site on the Net, or a newsgroup message, which claims that Cryptome is the most reviled Web site among intel agencies. Has anybody seen this hard sought highest of praise? Need that for a long-sought motto, ad banner,
tatoo, singalong, Xmas card to an in-law.

@_date: 2001-12-18 14:06:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CIA in NYC 
The report a while back in the NY Times on the secret
CIA station located in 7 World Trade Center, claimed
its primary role was to surveil UN members and staff.
And its cover was the Secret Service office in the
building (which also housed NYC's Emergency
Couple of things on that. The building, which was only
a few years old, is reported to have collapsed due to
high heat of oil storage tanks, a small tank on the upper
floor to serve NYC Emergency Operations, and an
unsually large tank in the basement. The building owner,
Larry Silverstein, who leased the WTC towers, says
the basement tank was for emergency power. Period.
However, while many buildings have emergency power
systems, few have the size of tanks in 7 WTC. Which may
indicate that the building housed a variety of operations
needing uninterruptable power, and which, in turn, could
explain why NYC put its emergency operations center
there despite public ridicule for putting it on a high floor,
of a glass walled building, next to a likely terrorist
Moreover, it is unlikely that the purpose of the CIA station
was only that made public to the Times. More likely is
that the public story is a cover for what the station did.
One possibility is that it engaged in communication
interceptions, if not transmissions to agents as well, and could have made use of the antennas atop WTC 1, or antennas cloaked by the public antennas.
Now whether bin Laden, or whoever planned the attack,
knew of this, or suspected it, could enrich the speculation
about why the towers were targeted.
Certainly it would take no comsec genius to perform
analysis of what was coming and going atop the towers,
or that may have been going on under cover of the
tower's emissions. All the public emissions could have
been discounted and the remainder subject to detailed
Perhaps the ordinary mujahadeen couldn't do that kind
of analysis but certainly a slew of other nations could.
As well as private comsec companies, of which there
are dozens in NYC peddling their services to US and
foreign clients.
So, if the CIA was surveilling these private security
companies, along with the comms of the UN members,
it may well be that countersurveillance picked up the
snoops and the information was peddled to assassins
or used to justify engaging hit squads to take out the
Finally, oil storage tanks are required by building and
fire codes to have especially durable fire-proofed enclosures,
the design based on the size of the tank and any expected
worse case scenario. At least this is the case when a
facility is subject to municipal regulations. Which we know the WTC was not. Whether the Center's unusual
vulnerability attacted the attack is a fair question.
But don't expect any findings to be made public is this
is the case, for that might require delving into which
operations in the Center invited retaliation by those
who had been attacked by them.

@_date: 2001-12-18 14:57:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Oregon Link to 9-11? 
Answering myself on the Bend Or matter:
Somebody reports that Bend is the location of
an imagery downlink facility for the spooks, the
point from which fiber optic cable is linked to
Russia and the Far East, and where NSA and NRO
operate facilities. And provided a possible source
of more information on this. Report to follow.
That Scott Mueller had nothing to do with any
of these operations is not the question he was
asked by Robb London, merely was he associated
with the CIA. No connection at all, he swore.

@_date: 2001-12-18 14:59:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CIA in NYC 
Answering myself on what the CIA was and is up to
in NYC:
Somebody in the counter-surveillance world says keep at it, you're on the right track.
Look, we fools got nothing to offer except an open
spittoon. Spit here.

@_date: 2001-12-18 20:57:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MS DRM OS Begets SSSCA 
References: <3C1FE178.1050701
SSSCA is far from dead, it may have a good chance
of enactment according to Mike Godwin's essay today,
"Coming Soon: Hollywood Versus the Internet:"
  Here are his opening paragraphs:
"If you have a fast computer and a fast connection to the Internet, you make Hollywood nervous. And Tinseltown is nervous not because of what you're doing now, but because of what you *might* do -- grab digital Hollywood content
with your computer and broadcast it over the Internet.
Which is why Hollywood, along with other content companies, from book publishers to the music industry, has begun a
campaign to stop you from ever being able to do such a thing -- even though you may have no intention of becoming a copyright "pirate." That campaign has pitted corporate giants like Disney and Fox against corporate giants like Microsoft and IBM, but the resulting war over the shape of future digital technology may end up with us computer
users suffering the "collateral damage."
As music-software designer and entrepreneur Selene Makarios puts it, this campaign represents "little less than an attempt to outlaw general-purpose computers."
Let's get one thing straight -- when I say there's war looming in cyberspace over copyright, I'm not talking about the struggle between copyright holders and copyright "pirates" who distribute unlicensed copies of creative works for free over the Internet. Maybe you loved Napster or maybe you hated it, but the right to start a Napster, or to infringe copyright and get away with it, is not what's at issue here. And in a sense it's a distraction from what the real war is.
What I'm talking about instead is the war between the content industries (call them "the Content Faction") and the information-technology industries -- call the latter "the Tech Faction." That faction includes not only computer makers, software makers, and related digital-device manufacturers (think CD burners and MP3 players and Cisco routers). Allied with the Content Faction are the consumer-electronics makers -- the folks who build your VCRs and DVD players and boomboxes. The Tech Faction, which makes smarter, more programmabale devices and technologies than the consumer-electronics guys do, may count among their allies many cable companies and even telephone companies.
But what's the "collateral damage," exactly? Perhaps the most likely scenario is this: at some near-future date - perhaps as early as 2010 - individuals may no longer be able to do the kinds of things they routinely do with their digital tools in 2001. They may no longer be able, for example, to move music
or video files around easily from one of their computers to another (even if the other is just a few feet away in the same house), or to personal digital assistants. Their music collections, reduced to MP3s, may be moveable to a limited extent; unless their digital hardware doesn't allow it. The digital videos they shot in 1999 may be unplayable on their desktop and laptop computers -- or even on other devices -- in 2009.
And if they're programmers, trying to come up with the next great version of the Linux operating system, for example, they may find their development efforts put them at risk of criminal and civil penalties if the tools they develop are inadequately protective of copyright interests. Indeed, their
sons and daughters in grade-school computer classes may face similar risks, if the broadest of the changes now being proposed becomes law."

@_date: 2001-12-18 22:01:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: MS DRM OS Begets SSSCA 
References:   <3C1F8322.3815.706AA1E
I think Mike is trying to describe the worst case scenario to
arouse opposition. Bear in mind that the Content Faction
(and maybe the Tech Faction) want to control the world,
not just the US. All countries are targets for SSSCA and
DMCA through copyright treaties and other control
Just a few days ago the last country needed to enforce
the WIPO Copyright Treaty signed on. WIPO is the global
version of DMCA. And the Hague Convention is meeting
shortly to set up the legal framework to enforce the
various global treaties on protecting intellectual property.
Sure, there will continue to be gray and black markets
in software but criminalization of circumvention devices
will put some youngsters (and oldsters) in jail, as we see looming from the recent warez raids.
I'm optimistic that Mike is too pessimistic but he knows
how to arouse by avoiding rosy ending scripts. The MPAA
and co-conspirators are dirty fighters and nobody should
expect to merely ignore them, thinking that loosening of
crypto controls is a model. They know that precedent and
are determined to do what governments could not.
Question is, as ever, what about the programmers within
the factions who are needed to carry out the wishes of the
bosses. In this, crypto could be a bellweather, for showing
how the technicians learned to outwit the others. But are
technical folks more susceptible these days to bribery
of swell life styles than the crypto-rebels were? Or better,
are there well-endowed, smarter than most, Factioners who do not want to be part of hegemonic putridity?
We'll see what the Factions offer the liberators to keep
them hard at work, happy to be protected intellectual property
slaves. None of whom would waste a second here
except to pick up intelligence for blowing upholes.

@_date: 2001-12-25 20:03:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Explosive dicks (was: C4 commercial web page) 
So far nothing about the Reid incident distinguishes it
from a low-level security test.
Whether Reid was informed of his role by the operation
planners could be questioned.
And whether the planners were "terrorists" or the counter-
terrorism industry is a fair question.
Time magazine says in its December 31 edition:
  "White House aides tell Time they are envisioning a war   against terrorism that could last 50 years. As a model for   fashioning a long-term game plan, Bush aides have been   looking at old cold-war national-security doucments, such   as NSC-68, a plan the Truman Administration drafted in   1950 to contain the Soviets."
Terrorism is a godsend for those forever looking for terrifying
enemies of the state, family, church.
  Mattd is a guy I'd like at my back in a fight. I wouldn't expect
him to climb a tree like a scardy cat to lick his weeping anus.

@_date: 2001-12-27 18:05:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Fear and Trembling 
The next major attack will not likely involve civilian aircraft; that target has been effectively crippled, wounded not killed
so that  resources must be squandered to care for it.
More likely will be a target (or targets) which provides a sense of security and does not appear to be a source of danger and fear. Where there are few protections in place, and
where the shock of attack will be maximized, not just
in casualities but in its unexpectedness.
The attack should have the effect on Western culture,
say, that bombing of Mecca would have on Islam. That is,
it should be so violently audacious that long-standing
presumptions that the enemy would never do such a
thing are overwhelmed.
Under this scenario attack by weapons of mass destruction are not likely because of the overplay of their possible use.
What then would be such an attack, least expected and
most likely to be unprotected against?
Most likely is a widely distributed attack, perhaps simultaneous
but best to be staggered or unpredictable in time and how
extensive the attack is and what all its targets are. With
unpredictable pauses in the campaign, a combination of
rapid fire hits, pauses, seeming cessation, then a hit or
two, weird and shocking concordances and discordances
with other events, violations and cruelties beyond conventional
belief, beyond reason and madness.
A clue to understanding what an attack like this would be is
to imagine what would cause battle shock in the citizenry,
not terror and flight, but incapacitation of the mind and body
to function without physically harming most of the victims.
One likely cause of this breakdown is lack of information
about what is going on and what will happen next, where danger
lies and when will violence against loved ones and self occur
next. Dread of the unknown after initial evidence that horror
is sure to come, and is inexcapable no matter what measures
have been taken to prevent it.
By now it is clear that this is what the US military did in Afghanistan, and what is most likely to be done to the US
and its allies in vengeful payback, if not soon then eventually.
Calling in F-15s to combat shoes containing explosives shows
how Western military forces helplessly misgauge its enemies. So,
too, does declaring the US has won in Afghanistan when it has not
engaged the enemy, and when it has repeatedly failed to protect its forces, its embassies and its cities from asymmetric attack.
The US and its allies is fiercest in engaging in propaganda,
ably assisted by commercial propagandists, the news media.
Beheading the centers of information warfare would be the end of Western culture.

@_date: 2001-12-27 21:53:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Fear and Trembling 
There are a relative few choke points for information distribution
in the West. Not all would have to be taken out at the same time,
only a few, then a pause to process intelligence garnered from
the second attack along with that of the first was on the WTC and Pentagon (the anthrax attack provided intelligence for the same planners whether done by them or planned for a later intel-gathering operation).
The short-lived patriotism after WTC/Pentagon has been
transformed into uncritical jingoism in the US and surprisingly
in the copycat UK.
There has been a stead build-up of intelligence by fire from
the various bombings of US installations leading up to WYC
and the Pentagon, as several military and intellgience analysts have noted. And still the US and its allies have not been able
to halt the attacks, despite round-up of a few low level operatives
and convictions -- but no public execution or other merciless
acts of retribution, or none that have been publicized.
The Afghan bombing has been exhibited as relatively bloodless
except for the killing of journalists and a single CIA officer --
agents of information which have become the pariahs of
many societies, not all of them non-Western.
What would have an effect in the West is not only attacks on
the infrastructure of information and its celebrated leaders
but its variety of participants -- students, teachers, preachers,
educators, journalists, publicists, ad writers, entertainers,
intellectual property creators and producers and exporters,
lawyers and a slew of professionals. These are the sources
of the offensive content and the tools, hardware, and weapons
that accompany the content, that drive opponents to murderous
rage in defense of their own cultural content.
The Western conceit that its culture is so superior that it
must impose it on others through missionary campaigns
now many centuries old, through economic policies, through eduation, through foreign policies, through military enforcement,
and through disparagement of other cultures, has bred a
deep seated anger toward the prime exporters, the idea
supremacists of state, church and family.
Despite tolerant pretensions, the West has been the bloodiest
culture that ever existed, and is getting meaner and more
vicious as its technological prowess grows and its intellectual
abilities decline -- as with all powerful bandits which get more
stupid as they conquer by force.
The US superpower vainglory is what keeps it ever blind to
the weakness of its power: it's obessession with secrecy
and belief that hardware will prevail over software, those
standard signs of power corruption preceding a fall.
All power aggrandizement thrives on cloaking its predations
with claims of superiority -- state, church and family -- and
refusal to consider that it is not as good as it dreams of
being, that is, the powerful take promotional material for Empires are susceptible to having their illusions shattered
when their cosmeticians lose their skill at concealing the
rot. Or to put it another way, when long successful cosmetic
schemes lose their power to deceive.
The US military is a shell of an effective military operation,
sustained more by publicity than by successful action. It
has had no enemy to test its promise since WW2 when it
gained a foothold in US culture through citizen military
service and luxurious payoffs to industry and education,
especially education and training for advancing Western culture through economic, political and social exports.
Targets for centers of these exports are not hard to
identify, and they are not nuclear plants, bridges,
water supplies, and digital infrastructure, probably not
even Washington DC icons of political power -- these
are propounded as in urgent need of protection to divert
attention from crucial nodes.
Again, to see which are juicy targets for undermining
Western culture, look to those hardly protected at
all except by obscurity, by never being mentioned as
needing protection, by never promoted as ideas, places and people of influence, by being those supporters of Western
culture which are so fundamental to it the culture would
not be identifiable without them.
These targets are not celebrated, they are taken for
granted as if to last forever, well, as long as King George
lasted on the American continent (his reign did not end
with the American revolution but went overground into
our most distinguished institutions of rank, privilege, elitism, secrecy, deceit and conceit).

@_date: 2001-12-28 11:48:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Western Culture 
References: <3C2BFB85.4FD22896
The dominant religion of the West is Middle Eastern in
origin, its best features long overlayered with barbaric bureaucracy of the Greeks and Latins and vile practices derived from the warrior cultures, many the outgrowth of northern European hinterlands, Anglo-Saxon defectives
still enthralled with ceremonial violence inherent in
costume, sports, entertainment, prejudice, pride, and
exculpation of ego-driven indifference to harm caused
others -- others deliberately defined as unworthy of
equal treatment with those who considered themselves
inherently superior. Calvinism a cloak for screwing
with mammon's blessing.
The dominant political system is similarly derived and
corrupted by bandit mentality, warlords changing sides,
imitating each other, destroying dissenters of the main
behavior, bribing those they cannot beat, stigmatizing
and/or criminalizing those they cannot bribe.
The Western family culture is probably the most barbaric of
all for its promulgation of vicious sexual peculiarities, prohibitions, askanced violations, intra-familial deceits, institutionalized sanctimoniousness and manipulation
and slavery (oft through faux idolization) of children and women. The dominant male is homosexual beyond the
conventional definition of that term, preferring and
adoring other males, the more dominating the better,
though never recognizing the fundamental cowardice
of preening dominants -- all showboating, parading,
bluffing, fetishism of stand-off battling, never risking
harm, and love of literature and art that valorizes these
The economic system is a mish-mash of the other three,
opportunistic, unprincipled, venal, treacherous, exploitive
at home and overseas. Nothing intellectually original about
it, lacking subtlety, maximizing unearned profits, gloating
about winning by treachery, by taking advantage of others,
completely ga-ga about hanging out with like-minded dimwits.
What is most distinctive about Western culture is its willful
ignorance about where it came from, and what has been
lost by branding the mongrel culture with simplistic, jingoistic
terminology created for ignorant sellers of the product (gov, com, edu) and its consumers. Sure it appeals to the ignorant sellers and consumers worldwide but not as
much as believed by its homeland sources.

@_date: 2001-12-31 12:24:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Scarfo Phase 2 
John Schwartz writes in the December 31 New York Times:
"A controversial system installed on a criminal suspect's computer by the government to capture the encryption passwords of a criminal suspect is nearing its second phase." Anybody have info or leads on the "second phase" of what appears to be the keylogging technology used by the FBI in the Scarfo case?

@_date: 2001-12-31 16:56:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Clarification for cpunks_anon@einstein.ssz.com  
But this is a well-established unsolvable problem in
philosophy. It is impossible to examine your fundamental
ideas for they are what you stand on to examine. What
you think are basic are at least one step up from fundamental.
Another person can see your fundamentals but not you, and
vice versa.
Faustine demonstrated this with her parable about locating
a long-lost acquaintance, as did he her, uh, her he. He did
not could not recognize what she saw in him, and she did
not see how he identified her. What she saw was a secondary
appearance he claims to have seen in her writings, not primary.
There is no way out of the dilemma of not being able to see in yourself what others do, what they see in you is transparent
to you. An unexamined life is the only possibility -- the joke
of the opposite canard.
Camouflage at will, but it will take another party to check
how you blindly failed to protect yourself.
That's why relying on your own secret remailer the first hop is futile.

@_date: 2001-02-09 14:41:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Brit Intel Telling Tales 
9 February 2001, 2:35 PM EST. Cryptome has just received word that the British government is telling UK newspapers that an arrangement has been reached with Cryptome's ISP, Verio, to yank "Enquiry: The Killing Years in Ireland":   We have not heard from Verio, and the file remains available. The British government is threatening to injunct any UK publisher intending to reveal information in the file which
was received from an anonymous source and names a
controversial intelligence agent runner in Northern Ireland. The named officer is the center of a major investigation
of orchestrated murders assisted by British intel.
The Brits are telling newspapers that publication on Cryptome
does not mean the information is widely available, thus justifying
British publication.
Cryptome will not remove the file except in response to a US court order because it is our belief that nothing in the file is illegal under US law.

@_date: 2001-02-11 12:44:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Odd Addresses 
We have from time to time phantom "accesses" from odd addresses such as yesterday:
    These accesses and addresses do not show up in the log files but are listed in summaries of accesses produced by Analog on our dedicated server. When we run Analog of
what should be the same log file on our machine the addresses do not appear.
The odd addresses change, none repeat, and
do not appear every day.
Got any ideas what such entries indicate? Machine camouflage, snoops by spooks, spoofs, debris,
We do see in the logfiles our ISP's regular checks of our machine for operability, showing log ins from 127.0.0.0, but the odd addresses not at all.

@_date: 2001-02-12 09:47:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Brit Intel Telling Tales 
References:  <200102091951.OAA03764
 <3A87BAD9.4F50D6E4
Yes, I should have used "alleged." The allegation is made in
the anonymous article posted as well as news reports
about findings of the Stevens Committeee investigation into the killings. The evidence of Walshaw's participation is
allegedly contained in military reports of the murders obtained
by the Stevens panel. Stevens has not yet completed its investigation. Other, unnamed former members of the FRU are reported by the press to confirm the allegation.
And yes, terrorists and governments spread disinformation.
And sacrifice low level spies and agents to protect higher ups.
And kill innocents for publicity and recruitment and career
So it is alleged.
"Martin Ingram", ex-FRU member once providing evidence
to the Stevens committee, is one such target of both terrorists and

@_date: 2001-02-13 20:08:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: freedomforum.org: Federal judge quashes subpoena 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010213184008.02476160
The only people scuzzier than scum reporters, lawyers,
politicians, bureaucrats, cops, pederasts, communazis,
feminazis, other-color-skinneds, you know, the most
hated of your stupid clan, are those who hate them due to cross-wired brains, of which I am a proud holder
one of.
Why without those others to loath I'd have only myself
with this diamondback up my ass put there by momma,
a fun lover, to tell me from her other litters she didn't know whose was whose, and "didn't give a flying" she'd puke lolling a dry tit bit by those you'd never call
bro and sis and paw and our sacred kind.

@_date: 2001-02-26 17:57:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bell Subpoena 2 
Another subpoena was served on me today by Treasury Agent Tom Jack to appear at Jim Bell's trial on April 2, 2001
9:00 AM, in Tacoma, WA.
I have tried three times to get a transcript of my grand jury testimony: faxed letter to the Grand Jury Foreman and AUSA
Robb London January 27; a phone message left for Robb on February 12, and another faxed letter to Robb and the Foreman on February 20 with copy to Judge Tanner, presiding in Jim's case. No answer to any of the 3 requests

@_date: 2001-02-28 17:23:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bell and "Journalists" 
Twice since my grand jury appearance I've been contacted
by persons claiming to be journalists for comment on Jim
Bell's case.
I referred them to Cryptome for the best representation
of my views. Both resisted that, claiming they wanted to hear
from me personally.
What is striking is the similarity of their questions to those asked
during the grand jury appearance by Robb London and by
jury members, in particular my view of "anti-government activity,"
stalking of federal officials, and Assassination Politics, as well
as why AP was on Cryptome.
I explained to both callers that due to the possibility my grand
jury testimony may be used against me it was prudent for me to
refer them to files on Cryptome, and when it became available, the
testimony transcript. That I did not want to go beyond what was already publicly available.
Neither caller was satisfied with that, and persisted in asking
leading questions about AP and anti-government activities.
They also asked who else could they talk to about these
I said there was nobody I could suggest to talk to; that AP was a provocative exploration of digital technologies but not at all
lethal; and that I was not anti-government but opposed to government abuse of power and its excessive secrecy. That I did not advocate violence against public officials, though insults, ridicule, disrespect for their career ambitions were duties of the conscientious citizen.
Now that the feds have subpoenaed me for the trial and have refused to provide a transcript of my grand jury testimony, it seems to me that the feds are behaving characteristically
treacherously (as others have warned), and are likely to have used "journalists" to get me to incriminate myself and/or to name other targets for investigation or subpoenas.
So in case others are being queried for stories here are the names and affiliations of the "journalists" who called and would not take my referral to Cryptome for an answer.
Adam Ciralsky
60 Minutes
CBS News, Washington, DC
Scott Canon
Kansas City Star
Kansas City, MO

@_date: 2001-01-04 07:34:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: More half-baked social planning ideas 
References:  <3A545075.3432B154
A furnace makes heat, a boiler makes steam or hot water. Many small buildings have a boiler that does
all three by combing components in a single unit.
Large buildings have three separate units, and more
for specialized tasks.
In New York City, there is an important distinction between
cellar and basement. Cellars are not habitable while
basements are. The building code definition of a basement is that at least half its height is above street level, and that
of cellar is that just over half its height is below street
level. Many residential buildings are designed to
take advantage of that distinction. The rule covers
sloping site conditions to average the difference between
front and back.
The basement level is often called the Ground Floor to
take away any stigma associated with basement.
Much mechanical and electrical equipment is located in
the cellar to maximize habitable space above. Same goes
for the roof.
Terrific expenditures for excavating multi-level cellars are
the norm for high-rise buildings -- even in hard rock as in
Manhattan -- to produce maximum habitable space allowed
under the zoning code, which, in combination with building
health, and environmental codes, regulates bulk, height, light,
air, room sizes, window sizes and a host of requirements
for barely tolerable human habitation -- and legal standards
are ever dropping in squalid, squirming cities for luxury as
well as dirt cheap holes.
We architects are expected to, well, cheat, to maximize what
property owners want at the expense of building inhabitants
and the inccreasingly squeezed and violated public. What helps us get away with cheating is massive PR by our professional flacks, sophisticated aesthetic and environmental theories that claim wretched architecture is beautiful, drunken orgies with regulatory officials, revolving door participation in standards committees and holding
public office -- to be sure, as practised by all professions, in particular those that are solemnly licensed and sworn
to protect the public from people like us.
Occasionally an idiot architect, like this one, tries to go against
the grain, and work dries up instantly and family says dont
be stupid, dont shame us. Then back to doing what church and family command to be an outstanding citizen/bandit.
Social planning is a useful deception, twinned with the free market -- the two backed beast.

@_date: 2001-01-07 18:29:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Steven Levy Book Tour 
Here is a link to some sites for a book tour:
   Not on there for some reason is a reading/discussion at Microsoft's Mountain
View (CA) campus on Jan 12 at 3:30 p.m. that's open to the public.  Another
public event is Jan. 16 at the University of Washington bookstore in
Seattle, at 7 pm. Sorry I failed to mention previously the full title of Steve's new book
(first posted, I thnk, by Commando Hettinga):
"CRYPTO: How the Code Rebels Beat the Government - Saving Privacy in the Digital Age."
And more:
Endorsements for Crypto by Neal Stephenson, Kevin Kelly and David Kahn:
"You've got to hear this story of how renegade geniuses and unlikely heroes
liberated crypto from under the noses of spooks, and installed the code in
the dream servers of dot-coms. This book persuaded me that despite the
dangers of strong crypto (it gives a chance for evil to hide) providing it
to the public was a Very Good Thing. Crypto not only makes e-commerce
possible, it is also the first political movement in the digital era. Read
about the future here."
--Kevin Kelly, author of New Rules for the New Economy and Editor-at-Large,
Wired Magazine
"At last! The human story of the breakthroughs that gave us e-commerce and
privacy on the Internet. Steve Levy has written cryptography's Soul of a New
--David Kahn, author of The Codebreakers
"Civilian crypto hardly existed three decades ago.  Now we can't get cash
from an ATM or buy something on the Net without it.  To tell the story
coherently is a service, and to tell it entertainingly is a favor to anyone
with a stake in crypto--which nowadays means all of us.  CRYPTO  is a book
that needed to be written and Steven Levy has written it. "

@_date: 2001-01-08 17:09:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bell Case Subpoena 
Today at 4:30 PM two Treasury agents, Tom Jack and Matthew
Mc Whirr, served me a Subpoena to Testify Before Grand Jury, in US District Court of Western Washington, Seattle, WA, on January 25, 2001, 9:00 AM. Robb London, AUSA, is the applicant. The agents asked no questions except to verify my identity. The principal agent, Mr. Jack, referred me to Special  Agent Jeff Gordon for questions if I had any, and presented a note with Jeff's name, title, Treasury office, and phone number.
Mr. Jack said they knew nothing about the case and were only serving the subpoena. I asked for Mr. McWhirr's name, borrowed
his pen to jot both names -- neither had cards, only badges to
show. Mr. Jack said they were with Treasury Inspector
General for Tax Adminstration (TIGTA), as is Jeff.
The date of the subpoena is December 27, 2000, and was
faxed to New York at 8:36 AM today. The subpoena states in bold caps "We request that you do not disclose the existence of this subpoena, because such a disclosure may make it more difficult to conduct the investigation."
The subpoena is one page, with two pages of attachments,
one titled "Information for Grand Jury Witnesses," the other
a description of arrangements for reimbursement of
The subpoena orders:
  You are commanded to appear and testify before the Grand
  Jury at place, date and time (as given above).
  You are also commanded to bring with you the following
  document(s) or object(s):
  Please provide any and all documents, papers, letters, computer
  disks, photographs, notes, objects, information, or other items
  in your possession or under your control, including electronically
  stored or computer records, which:
    1. Name, mention, describe, discuss, involve or relate to James
    Dalton Bell, a/k/a Jim Bell, or
    2.  Were previously possessed, owned, created, sent by, transported,
    or oftherwise affiliated with James Dalton Bell, a/k/a Jim Bell, or
    3. Contain the names, addresses, license plate numbers, or any
    other identifying information involving any Government employees.
  This subpoena shall remain in effect until you are granted leave to
  depart by the court or by an officer acting on behalf of the court.
We'll do a full transcription of the whole shebang to post on Cryptome Nothing in the subpoena indicates that it is restricted to the current
interstate stalking charges against Jim. Those charges are
not mentioned.
Anybody else who got one of these, or other subpoenas, and wants to share send it over. Our fax: 212-787-6102. Delete any info you don't want to be public.

@_date: 2001-01-08 20:09:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bell Case Subpoena 
References: <200101082217.RAA29708
 <200101082217.RAA29708
Right. Nor could I know that "Jim Bell" who's was posting to cpunks
is Jim Bell or a Jim Bell being run by London/Gordon et cie.
Remember that a parallel grand jury investigation was announced during CJ's trial to spook those who might consider tampering with blind justice. Then nothing more was heard of that Robb shot, as far as I know.
The purpose of the alleged grand jury of my subpoena is a mystery, but it's surely ham sandwich bait of some kind. An
invitation to perjure or self-incriminate.
Jim Bell is, and has been, fed bait since he was released.
Whether he was that before his first bust, that's a reasonable
question. Bell's shit certainly bred to CJ's shafting.
WWA pack believe they've got a winning campaign to keep on trucking, using secret agents of persuasion.

@_date: 2001-01-09 09:14:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bell Case Subpoena 
References: <200101082217.RAA29708
 <200101082217.RAA29708
We've completed transcription of the subpoena and attachments:
   The Information for Grand Jury Witnesses says,   "The witness is required to answer all questions asked,   except to the extent that a truthful answer to a question   would tend to incriminate the witness. A knowingly false   answer to any question could be the basis for a prosecution   of the witness for perjury. Anything a Grand Jury witness   says which tends to incriminate him may be used against   him by the Grand Jury, or later used against him in Court."
That's good 5A advice to protect against coercion, intimidation,
squealing, fishing, entrapment, blindsiding, ham sandwiching,
and believing you're saving your ass by disbelieving what the
witness Information threatens:
  "The mere fact that this information accompanies your subpoena
  should not be taken as any indication or suggestion that you
  are under investigation or are likely to be charged with a crime."

@_date: 2001-01-10 12:22:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: As Dot-Coms Go Bust in the U.S., Bermuda Hosts a Little 
References: <3A5C477E.CB81FA21
 <200101100119.RAA09342
 <3A5C477E.CB81FA21
NY Times has a story today about the offshores being pressured
by the big nations to curtail tax evasion and avoidance. The islands
first resisted assaults on their sovereignty, but have agreed to
do a study of the issue.
On a related matter is the likelihood of nations and private interests
engaging in cyberwar over who controls financial and perhaps
intellectual property resources. Steve Levy last evening said he believes cyberwar is soon to come, and cryptography will play
a crucial role, but he said this would be between nations, whereas it is probably more likely that nations, utilizing their combined intelligence and law enforement agencies, will combat private interests not each other, in particular those parties attempting to run financial transactions outside government control.
The nations argue they must unite to protect their citizenry
against criminal businesses and outlaws, the othe side argues
the need to protect government invasion of private affairs.
What is lacking in Levy's CRYPTO is that it does not appear to consider that multiple governments will collude against their
citizenry, rather than each doing so. Steve at one point cited cypherpunks as a hopeless
venture to overturn government with ideas of cryptoanarchy. And laughed at that. Then continued
propounding the false idea that NSA is needed
to protect US interests. Not a word about such interest
being those of the USG.
The full story of crypto is yet to be written, in particular its
deceptions, perhaps a piece by Vin McLelland, one by
Declan, one by Tim May, if not by distributed cyperhpunks not quite so malleable as solo individuals given privileged
access on the condition that . . .
What about that timing of CRYPTO release and the NSA

@_date: 2001-01-10 13:49:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Refutations Considered Unnecessary 
References: <200101101730.MAA19989
 <3A5C477E.CB81FA21
 <200101100119.RAA09342
 <3A5C477E.CB81FA21
 <200101101730.MAA19989
Well, yes, I owe the cypherpunks founders an apology,
so apology sent.
Our rump session after Steve's talk last night, to which
he didn't come, put me face to face with 20 nyms and
let me tell you online has its virtues -- the main one
being never having to have people stare at your
TLA forehead mark and you at theirs.
Everybody in the room said they're working on a
book, really, but what they needed was a writer to
burnish the jewels. There was a writer there but
incognito, knowing what happens in NYC at any gathering when pols, doctors, lawyers and thieves
lock onto someone who has authentic literary skills.
Even a total stranger at the bar up front had a story which
he said makes the stuff in CRYPTO mere child's play.
NSA-trained he claimed to be and a long time battler of
corporate evildoing. Great piles of files to prove it, only
a ghost writer needed.
Now our secret meeting place was in a unisex dormitory building, and this gent was surely trolling with TLA crypto comsec pickup rap. It's as though the whole place was channeling Sandy's natsec-cryptoporn. Confirmed by an attendee who said
the Net is dead except for exchanging porn, as  in the
beginning, as it will ever be. I asked for a copy of his
essay, and he said, do you write.

@_date: 2001-01-12 11:54:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NONSTOP Crypto Query 
One of the Tempest FOIA docs NSA released recently concerns NONSTOP, a term whose definition is classified
as SECRET. About half of the document, NACSEM 5112, "NONSTOP Evaluation  Techniques," has been redacted,
and we'll publish it soon.
protection against compromising emanations of cryptographic systems, and maybe in particular radio crypto systems.
Another document refers to NONSTOP testing and protection
being especially needed on vehicles, planes and ships.
We've been unable to retrieve more than a few words from
the redacted portions (by use of xerography to reveal text below the overwrites), and would appreciate any leads on what NONSTOP means. Joel McNamara has been searching
for NONSTOP info for some time:    We would also like to learn more about covert surveillance
by "resonance" technology. Peter Wright, in Spycatcher,
provides most interesting anecdotes about this. He writes
of remotely "radiating" specially-designed objects in a space to pick up signals, and tells of several covert operations
in which MI5 used this method.
Wright also describes the use of supersensitive microphones
to pick up the daily setting of rotors on cryptomachines of the time, in particular the Hagelins made by CryptoAG.
This loops back to NONSTOP and the question of what may be the signatures and compromising emanations of today's cryptosystems which reveal information in ways that go beyond known sniffers -- indeed, that known sniffers may divertingly camouflage. Along this line I mention for the nth time that the National Academy
of Science 1996 CRYPTO report, which advocated loosening crypto controls, also recommended increased funding for other surveillance technologies that have never been identified, although Carnivore may be one such, along with keyboard sniffers and who knows what else that has been passed to domestic law enforcement by the intelligence agencies to crack crypto protection.

@_date: 2001-01-12 18:25:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NONSTOP Crypto Query 
References: <200101121702.MAA27817
Joel McNamara first told me about NONSTOP and its commonly
associated classified codeword, HIJACK, both somehow related
to Tempest. When you do a search on either of them you get hundreds (or 1000s) of hits for the generic terms "non-stop" and "hi-jack" but few entries for the codewords, and then as standards in military security documents. It's as if the codewords were picked to be camouflaged by the generics. And, because codewords are usually set to have
no relation to the protected material, they probably are not descriptive -- but could be, just to outfox off the smarties.
The NONSTOP doc released to us was first issued in 1975 and has gone through 4 reprintings, the latest in 1987. And it continues to be cited as still in effect, though usually such standards are updated at least every 5 years. So there may
be a later one which would account for the partial release
after first denial.
It's intriguing to read Spycatcher (1987) while reading the Tempest docs. I had not read Wright's most informative
book, and regret not having done so.
For those who have not read it, Peter Wright was MI5's
first scientist, and entered the service after WW2. He
specialized in the technology of counterintelligence and
with a few others cooked up a host of ingenious means
to spy on spies and suspects. A specialty was the
extraordinary use of electromagnetic devices -- radio, telephone, acoustic, resonance, and more -- applying scientific abilities well in advance of technicians and engineers. Some of his ideas were so advanced his
bosses said impossible, until he proved effectiveness. Then Wright quickly became the savior of bureaucrats who could not understand why Britain's enemies kept outsmarting them -- usually with advanced technological means. Wright changed that, but often got at odds with non-scientifically trained personnel.
Among others, he worked closely with GCHQ on occasion to provide technical attacks on cryptosystems which could not be broken by cryptanalysis. Thus his research on the cryptosecrets revealed by compromising emanations from devices, cabling, furniture, construction materials, and a host
of ordinary physical objects -- all of which emitted signals that
could be acquired and interpreted by careful tuning for comprehension. He writes of amazing methods of acquiring signals, and it is no wonder HMG fought to prevent publication of Spycatcher.
What he did not write about must be even more wondrous, and it makes you think he could pick up your brain waves
if you were part of particular triangulated antenna.
Maybe NONSTOP and HIJACK have nothing to do with
the stuff Wright excelled at. Still, reading Spycatcher
along with the Tempest docs -- and now Stephen
Budiansky's "Battle of Wits: The Complete Story of
Codebreaking in World War II," (2000) -- certainly
demonstrates how much of codebreaking has been
done by covert technical and physical means, even
as we are told misleading cover stories.
Are the crypto-revelations also disinformation?
Historically all have been.  Ha, ha, ha.

@_date: 2001-01-14 12:40:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NONSTOP Doc Up 
NSA's "NACSEM 5112 NONSTOP Evaluation Techniques,"
Reprinted July 1987, released under FOIA:
    (196K, 3 images)
About half of the >100-page document has been redacted, so brace for the mangle.

@_date: 2001-01-15 12:50:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bell Update 
According to the Jim Bell court docket of January 11:
1. Innocent victim Jim (via attorney Robert Leen) has made motions:
1a. To suppress (unknown what).
1b. To dismiss the indictment.
1c. To continue the trial date.
1d. To change venue.
1e. To represent himself.
Though AUSA Robb has responded to these motions none
have been ruled on, as far as I can tell.
2. Judge Jack E. Tanner (who replaced J. Kelly
Arnold), has ordered a competency exam of Jim.
3. Jack has denied a Robb motion for Jim's handwriting sample until the competency report is submitted.
4. Jack has ordered that disovery materials not be shown
to Jim until further notice from Jack, because, according to Robb, Jim stated he intends to publish such materials on the Internet. The discovery materials, according to Robb,
contain "voluminous private information and personal addresses of various individuals."
There is no indication at that the trial date of January 22, 2001, set in December, has changed, though the competency
exam and other proceedings would appear to have affected that.

@_date: 2001-01-18 13:06:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Rapid5 Networks, Inc. 
Rush steps into a bucket of:
Rush, get ready for a subpoena. Better, to plead, I don't
know anybody or anything that will not incriminate me.
Jim didn't say that, just one time, and from that came
the CDR mark of entrapment and forthwith acting on
behalf of the evildoers. Jim cannot eliminate the CDR
brand because it's the hidden hand doing it.
The Jim you met, Rush, ain't there anymore. Nor others
once known.

@_date: 2001-01-18 17:58:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Banned MI6 Book 
Ex-MI6 officer Richard Tomlinson's book, "The Big Breach:
order on a Russian Web site:
   Tomlinson has been hounded by MI6 for several years, after being jailed for allegedly revealing official secrets,
rather than embarrassing cockups and criminal acts which
his book describes.
Tomlinson was then booted from a half dozen countries where he sought refuge by the spook mafia -- including
the US. A major push is on in the UK to prevent his book appearing there by honking Official Secrets skyfall.
MI6 is yelping that the publisher of the book is a firm set by Russian spooks. Checkov the site design.

@_date: 2001-01-18 21:15:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Kahn on Yardley 
Excuse my namedropping but I met David Kahn this evening
at Newsweek's book party for Steve Levy. Kahn said he's
working on a book about Herbert Yardley, after having studied
NSA's "complete" archive on Yardley as visiting scholar, along with other Yardley papers at Columbia University. He said he has indeed found new Yardley and Black Chamber material. He expects the book to be ready for publication in a year or so. Kahn said he would not agree to a secrecy agreement at NSA
as resident scholar, the first who refused to accept the condition. So he was given a desk outside the classified area and did not have access to any classified information during his stay.
He pointed to an article on Russian Tempest operations published in Cryptologia not long ago. Said the Russians intensely used Tempest for snooping, more so than most other countries.
He asked me my name and I said Matt Blaze. He said oh the
guy on the front page of the New York Times. That's me
I said, and Matt looking on said, yeah, and I'm John Perry
Barlow. And Barlow said if you're Barlow I'm John Gilmore.
Kahn crushed his wine glass, idiots.

@_date: 2001-01-19 20:02:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NONSTOP Crypto Query 
References: <200101121702.MAA27817
 <3A5F87AB.8699B80
This, from David Wagner on Cryptography, is most informative:
In a paper on side channel cryptanalysis by John Kelsey, Bruce Schneier,
Chris Hall, and I, we speculated on possible meanings of NONSTOP and HIJACK:
   [...]
   It is our belief that most operational cryptanalysis makes use of
   side-channel information.  [...]  And Peter Wright discussed data
   leaking onto a transmission line as a side channel used to break a
   French cryptographic device [Wri87].
   The (unclassified) military literature provides many examples of
   real-world side channels.  [...]  Peter Wright's crosstalk anecdote
   is probably what the HIJACK codeword refers to [USAF98]. Along
   similar lines, [USAF98] alludes to the possibility that crosstalk from
   sensitive hardware near a tape player might modulate the signal on the
   tape; [USAF98] recommends that tapes played in a classified facility be
   degaussed before they are removed, presumably to prevent side channels
   from leaking. Finally, one last example from the military literature
   is the NONSTOP attack [USAF98, Chapters 3-4]: after a careful reading
   of unclassified sources, we believe this refers to the side channel
   that results when cryptographic hardware is illuminated by a nearby
   radio transmitter (e.g. a cellphone), thereby modulating the return
   signal with information about what the crypto gear is doing [AK98].
   [...]
   [AK98] R. Anderson and M. Kuhn, "Soft Tempest: Hidden Data Transmission
          Using Electromagnetic Emanations," Proc. 2nd Workshop on
          Information Hiding, Springer, 1998.
   [USAF98] US Air Force, Air Force Systems Security Memorandum 7011--
          Emission Security Countermeasures Review, 1 May 1998.
   [Wri87] P. Wright, Spycatcher, Viking Penguin Inc., 1987.
The above is excerpted from the conclusions of
   J. Kelsey, B. Schneier, D. Wagner, C. Hall,
   "Side channel cryptanalysis of product ciphers",
   Journal of Computer Security, vol. 8, pp. 141--158, 2000.
   Do remember, please, that these are just guesses.
Also, credit is due to Ross Anderson and Markus Kuhn for informative
discussions on this topic.
[End Wagner post]
--- Both the Anderson/Kuhn and USAF papers are online:

@_date: 2001-01-20 19:06:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: oppose nomination of John Ashcroft 
References: <4.3.2.7.2.20010120104952.00cc6300
 <5.0.2.1.0.20010120085942.00a6c3e0
 <4.3.2.7.2.20010119211322.00cbade0
 <20010119235415.A10897
 <4.3.2.7.2.20010119160913.00c9cef0
 <4.3.2.7.2.20010118185429.038e5d50
 <20010118111544.B23662
 <4.3.2.7.2.20010118185429.038e5d50
 <01011913525606.14779
 <4.3.2.7.2.20010119160913.00c9cef0
Those are speaking words did you not say a few days ago,
now worth more than wired fool's nuggets. Who's your agent
for priceless yarp, and what's her cut? These questions are
aimed at learning how to peddle air, ragh, harrup, spittle to
the left, spittle to the right, pause, sip, shuffle notes, crack
a lame one, hunch your back, peer into the future, a thoughtful
wrinkle, lose your train, go blank, blink, cough, grind teeth,
stare at the blurred sheets, bowels rumble, pucker up,
gasp what was in that curry. A panicked recall: laptop left
in the loo, DeCSSed DVD XXX cropped to hit highspots.
Big ID blares: this belongs to Today's Speechifier, if found
dispose, do not, please, slashdot it.

@_date: 2001-01-22 12:00:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cole BO 
The explosion left a significant dusting of powder
aboard weather deck surfaces and a residual smell
(like fetrilizer) on the mess decks as well as in other
areas, including the starboard passageway leading
to Sick Bay. Smoke curtains helped to contain the
smell. The crew did not remove the substance from
the weather decks (where personnel slept on account
of the heat) because the FBI had not arrived to take
samples for testing. 12 fatalities could not be extricated
initially due to structural damage in the galley and mess
areas. As the temperature exceeded 100 degrees
daily, decomposition commenced rapidly. Crewmembers
and FBI agents used up supplies of oil of wintergreen
and eugenol during recovery efforts in order to minimize
decomposition odors. Vanilla extract was use for the
same purpose.
Excerpted from:

@_date: 2001-01-25 16:06:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bell Grand Jury  
This morning I testified before a Grand Jury in
Western Washington District Court, Seattle, which
is investigating Jim Bell for interstate stalking
of federal officials. The testimony concerned what I knew about alleged CIA employee Mueller and Jim's alleged gathering of personsal information about this person.
I provided the Grand Jury my messages to cypherpunks
about this topic which are the only documents I had
to offer in response to the subpoena.
AUSA Robb London conducted most of the questioning,
with some questions from the jury.
Robb said I was not a target of an investigation but
my testimony and/or perjury could change that.
I will attempt to get a transcript of my testimony
and put it on Cryptome. Robb said that is doable
but it will take a judge's order to release. Robb said Jim is still in evaluation to determine his fitness to represent himself. A trial date will not be set until the evaluation is completed and the judge
Jeff Gordon was in the grand jury suite but did
not attend the hearing.

@_date: 2001-01-26 11:14:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Grand Jury Docs 
We offer two documents on federal grand juries,
Rule 6 of the Federal Rules for Criminal Procedure,
and the US Attorney Manual section on Grand Jury:

@_date: 2001-01-27 07:39:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bell Grand Jury 
During the grand jury questioning I was asked about only
one person besides Jim Bell and the CIA-fictional "Mueller" and this was someone whose name I did not know. The
name could have been as fictional as the other two.
Do not send me private email or snail mail or telephone or visit. Consider me a target for indictment, hanging in
the wind, a warning to others, a Kafka character, PR
for L&O.
Do not bite "John Young" bait.

@_date: 2001-01-27 10:25:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bell Grand Jury 
References: <200101271249.HAA20426
The point, hardhead, is to keep communications public.
Private stuff can be leveraged into a subpoena. Not your own private stuff, somebody else's. Like your CDR
I handed my subpoenaed material (public messages to cpunks and the HTML subpoena on Cryptome) to the grand
jury foreman after being told by London that it was an
informal procedure to give subpoenaed material to him
or Capt. Jeff Gordon, the "case's lead investigator." Robb
didn't know what was in the package during his questioning, nor did the grand jury.
I referred to the material several times to buttress my
testimony, and only near the end did Robb say, "are
you saying you only provided public information?" That's right, I answered. And I told him and Jeff beforehand I wanted to publish
my testimony, and told the jury I intended to report on the
process: To help the public understand how government
works, especially the secret part.
One juror said, you're not going to publish our names
are you? Robb hastened to testify, no way.
Anyway, this could be a pack of lies, and more filthy
secrets about how government works, and how you get
snared by artful bargains for personal protection and national security, on the jury and off, by folks who
preach that faith.
Which comes back to the CDR forehead mark. And
how you get pariahed by contact with the feds no matter what you do obey their commands or to wash away the dirt. They're addicted to that secret sadistic pleasure,
and aim to addict juries.

@_date: 2001-01-27 12:39:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bell Grand Jury 
References: <200101271533.KAA20079
One point: Robb London kept referring to posts to cypherpunks
as if they were between individuals, say me and Jim Bell.
I had to point out that the messages were to the cypherpunks
list not between individuals. And that I had not sent mail to
Jim directly and that Jim's messages were not to me but to
a public list. That distinction may not have been absorbed
by the jury, especically if they had already been briefed
about mail between Jim and me, despite there having been
This confusion is caused by the way return messages are
addressed. In my Eurora mailer, if you just hit return to a cpunk message, the writer's address pops up, or it does in my configuration. To avoid that I have to manually add the cpunk address.
Moreover, responders often send two or more messages,
to the writer, to cpunks, and, in some cases, to previous
responders. I try to avoid that by sending only to the list.
The thing is, an outsider who sees the messages, say in
the archives or as a subscriber, may interpret what you
think is public mail as private, especially when the To:
is to an individual not the list.

@_date: 2001-01-28 13:19:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bell Grand Jury Experience 
I've written up notes on the Bell grand jury experience,
a bit too long, too entrapping in this tar pit, to post here:
  Others have told me about being warned by Robb London
about perjury and self-incrimination during testimony. Lawyers
say this is standard, but possibly lethal.
I didn't know that you can submit a sworn statement beforehand
that all questions will go unanswered to avoid self-incrimination
and that the US Attorneys Manual recommends excusing a
grand jury witness who does that. See the USAM on this:

@_date: 2001-01-31 17:19:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: New Bell Charges 
According to the court docket new charges against Jim Bell have been added:
  1/25/01  39      SUPERSEDING indictment  James Dalton Bell (1) count(s)
                 1s-2s, 3s, 4s-5s (car) [Entry date 01/26/01]fv
Current charges:
  18:2261.F Interstate Stalking (1 - 2)
  18:2261.F Interstate Stalking (1s - 2s)
  18:2261.F Using Facilities of Interstate Commerce of Interstate Stalking
  18:2261.F Interstate Stalking (4s - 5s)
January 25 is the date of my grand jury appearance. Still have not
received a transcript of my testimony.

@_date: 2001-07-05 17:08:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Most of a nation on probation? 
References: Sandy proposes:
What are other technological devices used to track parolees?
Are there any limits on what can be used? Is the parolee
less subject to pan-surveillance than the prisoner?
Or is the parolee subject to greater surveillance than
the prisoner due to being outside physical enclosure?
The use of parolees as snitches is another issue,
as with citizens who greatly fear prison, even more
so the threat of prison, even more than that being
seen as inadvertently swept up in an operation that
lumps all in a heap.
Pre-emptive ass-saving snitching by anyone subject to fear of authoritarian punishment: before and after a subpoena arrives, before and after a grand jury appearance, before and after appearing as a witness, before and after being named as an unindicted co-conspirator, before anda fter being named indiscriminately diffusely as a participant in an activity the government chooses to suspect of planning something that might become a chargeable offense which warrants pre-emptive
spying and gathering pre-evidence by pre-legal means
against those who need to watched closely, with
purposeful clues left and rumors dropped to maximum self-policing effect.
Did I leave anyone out the realm of suspicion which
may well induce running to officials to relieve anxiety
with a tale to tell? Even fabricating such tales if that
pleasures the protectors ever able to spot a snitch
aching to clear the record.
A tall tale such as this one -- but how to tell who's
quietly transponding beneath cover of technological

@_date: 2001-07-08 12:30:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Condit cracks 
References: <200107080732.DAA14133
  <200107080732.DAA14133
So, Declan, what's the latest Beltway buzz about Levy, as with
Lewinsky, working for Mossad, that is, FRU, to suck secrets from Condit and Clinton, if not directly then by extortion when the photos
and recordings and confessions are bared to the stiffs.
Get the license plate of that surveillance truck. Get the biometrics
of its operators. Or spot the ice cream van snarfing the mucker's

@_date: 2001-07-13 10:58:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Who can tax a satellite? 
References: <4.3.2.7.2.20010712195545.00dbe3f0
  <4.3.2.7.2.20010711221515.00dc2100
  <4.3.2.7.2.20010711202845.032a9740
  <3.0.6.32.20010711175823.00971c50
  <3.0.6.32.20010711175823.00971c50
  <4.3.2.7.2.20010711202845.032a9740
  <4.3.2.7.2.20010711221515.00dc2100
  <20010712124440.D15770
  <4.3.2.7.2.20010712195545.00dbe3f0
The infallible archives show that the top users here of "fuck off" are ... well, not to provoke additional applications of the highly
acceptable use term, check the archives yourself. Reese is no where near the top user, except at sea.
This is not to suggest that heavy users of the term have not
be killfiled, repeatedly, to no effect, as befits this foul-mouthed
wonderland where killfiles are a joke of venerable shallowness.
This is not to say that shallowness is not perfectly acceptable
usage here. Otherwise there'd be nothing. Sure, that's what
may be the best acceptable use but for christsakes this is
the cornucopic of plenitude, negritude and FO attitude.

@_date: 2001-07-14 17:26:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CIA Wizardry  
Robert Windrem, national security correspondent for NBC,
reported on July 12 about Jeffrey Richelson's new book,
"The Wizards of Langley," on the CIA's deceptive technologies:
  Blurb: "Intelligence historian Jeffrey Richelson's
latest book focuses on four decades of innovation and inside  secrets at the CIA's Directorate of Science and Technology."
Windrew describes one deception involving a faked
satellite failure which apparently deceived Soviet
experts but not amateurs who track sats.
Publication date of Richelson's book is August 3 but
copies are available early.
MSNBC offers an informative series on "The Secret
Empire: The U.S. Military in the 21st Century," which
provides uncommon technological critique of the
tools of war and espionage and their piggish industries.
Far superior to the fluff being peddled by the agencies and
their puff-ball hosts.
Windrem is alleged to be the first to report on Echelon
by name, purpose and field stations and fed earliest stuff to Duncan Campbell. He may someday republish his NBC reports of decades past on national security that are no longer available.

@_date: 2001-07-16 18:41:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: What NAI is telling people 
References: <200107162126.RAA19455
You may be right, but it would be most informative to learn if the major
ISPs, telcomms, routers and so forth have been assigned a covert task
to sift for encryption using tools supplied by TLAs. NSA, for one, has
the ability to spot encrypted communications -- most if not all of them.
Recall that crypto data is the singular type of data that NSA is permitted
under law to acquire and retain indefinitely for future study no matter the source, even if the sources are otherwise proscribed communications of US persons. This is set forth in USSID18, the NSA guideline for electronic   As security wizards have long noted, if you use encrypted communications
anywhere in the world you will be intercepted, stored and studied. That the global ISPs may be lending a hand with this should be no surprise, for that would be continuing the long history of commercial communications companies providing covert help to those who regulate them -- despite promises to customers of confidentiality (and the banks as well).
The legal departments of ISPs are the principal means by which covert
cooperation is arranged, oft-times without written orders, again as in
the history of communications and banking.
To be sure, your lovers may not know of your betrayals but your masters
always will -- that's why the intelligence oversight committees were
set up in the 1970s, to assure that your privacy is forever violable,
as with banking oversight of your booty.

@_date: 2001-07-19 14:40:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Ashcroft to Spotlight Dmitry? 
The Department of Justice has sent out today an embargoed announcement of John Ashcroft's appearance tomorrow in Mountain View, CA, to speak on cybercrime:
Department of Justice
For Planning Purposes Only - Not For Release                      AG
July 19, 2001                                         (202) 616-2777
                                     TDD (202) 514-1888
                                  In CA: Lani Miller, (703) 395-4484
Washinton, DC -- Attorney General John Ashcroft will visit Northern
California tomorrow, Friday, July 20, to discuss cybercrime issues.
When:   11:115AM (Pacific Time), Friday, July 20
What:   Attorney General News Conference
        Regarding Cybercrime
Where:  VeriSign Wordlwide Headquarters
        487 East Middlefield Road
        Mountain View, CA
Dmirty Sklyarov is due to be transferred any time now
from Las Vegas to somewhere in the Northern California

@_date: 2001-07-19 15:20:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: This Adobe stupidity... 
References: <799d62a0dbc4073b98b45dafc130fe0a
Mirror of the ElcomSoft AEBPR trial version:     (746KB)
For cryptographic scientific research allowed under the DMCA here is a key from Anonymous to boost the trial version to its 100% capability (though not verified):
  LEPR-T2K7-NA8Z-3DUE-EVDQS-TMPV-MBAUB
Bear in mind that Dmitry and ElcomSoft need funds for legal defense and purchasing a key for $99 through  is recommended, or sending the
fee to ElcomSoft to avoid US forfeiture, or, more
immediately effective, send to EFF which is assembling
a legal defense team.

@_date: 2001-07-21 13:55:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Ashcroft Targets U.S. Cybercrime 
References: Why bust Dmitry and not the head of  ElcomSoft if the
primary crime is commercial gain? That he is claimed
to be the copyright holder is thin stuff, for that does not
support his being the main commercial beneficiary (unless the FBI has evidence that was not revealed about Elcomsoft's
internal finances).
To be sure some of the officers of ElcomSoft have ties
to the KGB and the FBI and the CIA are customers of the
firm, as likely are other countries' TLAs.
That Dmitry was busted has a stench of scapegoatism,
and ElcomSoft may not be altogether innocent, not least
for sending Dmitry into the lion's den.
Read the statements made by ElcomSoft officers carefully
about prior appearances at conferences outside of Russia.
Protestations claiming the officers had no idea a bust was
in the offing are a bit much.
It may well be that the Dmitry bust is a ploy whose purpose
will be revealed later as we learn more about cooperation
among the globe's law enforcement and intelligence agencies.
Would ElcomSoft shop Dmitry for closer ties with USG
customers with fat budgets for fighting cybercrime? Perhaps
not with initial intent to do so but could very well do so in
order to close a deal and better deals to come.
Ashcroft's talk about the new cybercrime initiative, and the
new incoming FBI director's career advancement due to
that cause, seems to point to somebody like Dmitry being busted at about the time he was -- if not him then another
Defcon target. Who else was being similarly, is being, investigated will no doubt be announced as the new FBI's chief's approval by Congress works its way through the FBI-credibility-restoration mill.

@_date: 2001-07-21 15:00:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Rallies on Monday 
References: <3.0.6.32.20010721110949.0085fbf0
 <20010721121135.B7990
But the ElcomSoft officers were not arrested, and it seems they are
more responsible for the commercial exploitation of AEBPR than
Dmitry. Now their arrest may be in the offing if they have not left
the US or underground.
Is Dmitry now bait for the ElcomSoft officers?

@_date: 2001-07-21 16:01:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Ashcroft Targets U.S. Cybercrime 
References: <200107211755.NAA14355
  <20010721121135.B7990
  <200107211755.NAA14355
But, to repeat, why the worker and not his bosses? Is this a way
for Adobe/FBI/DoJ to signal the interest of its own bosses?
And why are the protests limited to Adobe when the FBI and
DoJ are doing the dirty work -- well, actually, low-level FBI
and DoJ? Oops, that's right, don't fuck with workers-pissed-
at-their-bosses who have the guns which they'd like to turn

@_date: 2001-07-22 17:50:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Ashcroft Targets U.S. Cybercrime 
References: <200107211755.NAA14355
  <200107211755.NAA14355
Yes, the head of ElcomSoft and another senior officer
were in the US when Dmitry was busted, Alexander
Katalov and his brother Vladimir. I spoke to and e-mailed
Vladimir a couple of days after the arrest and he was dismayed at being unable to speak to Dmitry and getting the runaround from the Las Vegas authorities. He was apprehensive that the whole ElcomSoft crew in the US would be busted, and didn't know who to turn to for
Vladimir was in Portland so I gave him Robb London's lovenest address and phone number.

@_date: 2001-07-23 19:44:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Adobe, EFF Call for Dmitry Release 
Adobe Systems Incorporated and the Electronic Frontier Foundation today jointly recommend the release of Russian programmer Dmitry Sklyarov from federal custody.
Adobe is also withdrawing its support for the criminal
complaint against Dmitry Sklyarov.
"We strongly support the DMCA and the enforcement of
copyright protection of digital content," said Colleen
Pouliot, Senior Vice President and General Counsel for
Adobe. "However, the prosecution of this individual in
this particular case is not conducive to the best
interests of any of the parties involved or the
industry. ElcomSoft's Advanced eBook Processor
software is no longer available in the United States,
and from that perspective the DMCA worked. Adobe will
continue to protect its copyright interests and those
of its customers."

@_date: 2001-07-24 11:34:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Adobe, EFF Call for Dmitry Release 
References: <20010724102036.C18402
  <200107232344.TAA16445
  <20010723172526.A39120
  <20010724102036.C18402
In follow-up to Adobe's claim in the press release that AEBPR is no longer available in the US we would appreciate pointers to sources for the program in the US or elsewhere (other than Elcomsoft's offerings
of the trial versions). Full capability versions preferred but pointers to sources of the trial versions okay.
PGP-ed answers preferred. JY PK below.
Dave Touretzky at CMU has a call out for contributions
to the technical study of of eBook protections:
  ID: 0xC3207009
3791 CC39 66E8 EF1D CCA4  CA48 0C56 D974 C320 7009
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: PGPfreeware 6.5.8 for non-commercial use -----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 2001-06-06 12:21:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Ed Felten and researchers sue RIAA, DOJ over right to  
May it please the court to spell Ed's name Feltun, or Feltren, or Fellwock,
or just et al.
Perry Fellwock wrote the anonymous 1972 Ramparts article that first
described Echelon. Ed Felten is Perry's namesake, though Ed believes
there's no connection between worldwide misspelling of Ed's last
name and getting a free-pass of Dictionary.
Perry Metzger is a different branch of the grammar diagram, find under
*PLONK*, always upper case, always bi-starred as if that would not
be data-mined as PAL-armed.

@_date: 2001-06-06 13:27:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Credentialling of America 
References: <3B1E54D9.F285AB90 <3B1E54D9.F285AB90
Note that Princeton University is not a plaintiff. Though that might come
later if the institution does not have contracts with any of the defendants.
So it is not yet clear if the case will benefit those affiliated with an
institution, which must ever supplicate to the copyright industry.
Disclaimer: I'm a licensed professional, but not for anything ever
discussed here, so it's not a defense for vile behavior.
First cpunk meeting I went to in a Chinese greaser in Manhattan,
I paraded my credential and was immediately banished forever for
callow by DF, SS, SL, DM, S, RA, two narcs and a PGP-pimp. And forbidden to ever have an online sig, though I had a beauty in the works which resumed more than in fact exists, as
highly educated mod-up. As with Princeton's preen to lure, to manufacture, over-self-esteemeds needing protection from
the janitors.

@_date: 2001-06-07 09:31:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Women Code Warriors 
In Code: a Mathematical Journey, Sarah Flannery
with David Flannery, Workman Publishing, New York, 2001
  "Sarah Flannery is a fun, sports-loving teenager from County Cork, Ireland. She also happens to be an award-winning mathematician whose discoveries in Internet cryptography have garnered international acclaim. Both the story of Sarah's mathematical development and her own self-discovery, In Code is a warm, inspiring look at how she, equipped with a burning curiosity and the active support of her family, became a leading mathematician at the age of 16."
Read Chapter 2 online:   See also story in June 7 New York Times on  "women code warriors:" Sarah, Flannery, Carole Fennelly, Jude Milhon and Blueberry:

@_date: 2001-06-07 20:58:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Credentialling of America 
References: <200106070825.EAA14504
Many years ago I explained that I, like Sandy, write explicitly
for money, as much as possible, and the people who pay me
expect that I will do whatever text can do to get readers to
obey those who pay for the text. One method for this is to
write clearly in the most authoritarian language of the day,
the most grammatically correct, the most literate, the most
accepted as being the proper way to write in an unmarked,
unidiosyncratic way, the most likely to have been written
by someone who embraced without shame the way the
masters of writing write, the way the writing manuals
recommend, and recommend as nauseum, purest banal.
And to never write the way poets do, oddballs do, gibbering
idiots do, for that will allegedly diminish the value of your
writing the way the payers want you to write, that is to
write as if their and your shit don't smell, your and their
skin is hued the preferred color,  our accent the dominant
unaccent of the day, you and they don't copulate the wrong kind of people, you and they have no faults to hide, you and
they have no guts to face up to your inability to break away from hiding behind conformity not of your making.
Shit, I understand Sandy all too well. And totally admire
his talent to blow prefabricated sunshine where it's needed.
Even so I won't do what the grammatically correct crowd
never cease trying to impose here. Fuck them as one of
them has said often here when he's tired of explaining why
he won't do what some assholes keep demanding. Or to say it my way, correct writing, clear writing, comprehensively coherent writing, is just another way to tyrannize, bully, hector and obscure jive-ass agendas, though those who do it don't always own up to , or not admit the arousal it gives them to be part of a me-too maleducated mob.
This is a friendly joke, as ever, in respect for the asshole
language rules-makers here. (Spit)

@_date: 2001-06-08 22:18:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Homeland Defense and the Prosecution of Jim Bell 
"So, say goodnight to Joshua ..." Homeland Defense and the Prosecution of Jim Bell
Deborah Natsios
8 June 2001
  A sparsely attended trial which unfolded in Tacomas US district   courthouse the first week of April 2001 hardly seemed an event   that might open a small but revealing view onto the shifting national   security apparatus. But to outside observers following the criminal   prosecution of Washington State resident Jim Bell, accused of   stalking and intimidating local agents of the IRS, Treasury   Department and BATF, the defendant was a symptomatic target,   and the governments stated case against him only a fragment of   a more complex campaign linked to the evolving landscape of
  national and homeland defense.
  In the governments estimation, Bell had placed its Pacific Northwest   agents "in reasonable fear of death or serious bodily injury"1. But for   some trial-watchers, the case against James Dalton Bell, 43, was   underpinned by a constellation of factors that made him more than   the disaffected neighbor projecting antigovernment bile. Bell had
  invited the governments fullest prosecutorial zeal because his   technical skills placed him in more ambiguous terrain, that of   untested gray zones within emerging national defense landscapes,   which, by calling into question the impregnability of the national
  border, have been taking national security tactics incountry in   unprecedented ways, deploying new rules of engagement to   challenge national security threats within the US domestic interior.

@_date: 2001-06-09 09:27:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Homeland Defense and the Prosecution of Jim Bell 
(Resent, LNE is down)
  (72KB)
"So, say goodnight to Joshua ..." Homeland Defense and the Prosecution of Jim Bell
Deborah Natsios
8 June 2001
  A sparsely attended trial which unfolded in Tacomas US district   courthouse the first week of April 2001 hardly seemed an event   that might open a small but revealing view onto the shifting national   security apparatus. But to outside observers following the criminal   prosecution of Washington State resident Jim Bell, accused of   stalking and intimidating local agents of the IRS, Treasury   Department and BATF, the defendant was a symptomatic target,   and the governments stated case against him only a fragment of   a more complex campaign linked to the evolving landscape of
  national and homeland defense.
  In the governments estimation, Bell had placed its Pacific Northwest   agents "in reasonable fear of death or serious bodily injury"1. But for   some trial-watchers, the case against James Dalton Bell, 43, was   underpinned by a constellation of factors that made him more than   the disaffected neighbor projecting antigovernment bile. Bell had
  invited the governments fullest prosecutorial zeal because his   technical skills placed him in more ambiguous terrain, that of   untested gray zones within emerging national defense landscapes,   which, by calling into question the impregnability of the national
  border, have been taking national security tactics incountry in   unprecedented ways, deploying new rules of engagement to   challenge national security threats within the US domestic interior.

@_date: 2001-06-11 12:00:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Pap Smear 
The NY Times reports today on a leering virus which searches
the Web for machines which might contain porno material,
real or imagined as the virus decides, and then the little shit fingers the machine to one of various law enforcement agencies in its database. (Excerpt below)
Anybody had this leerer rat their cave or know of a victim?
June 11, 2001 Virus Searches for Pornography
By Roy Furchgott
A new rogue computer program, possibly intended to perform a public service, has raised thorny legal questions and seems sure to fuel the debate over computer privacy.
The new virus, which is called VBS.Noped.a, searches the target's machine for what it suspects may be child pornography and reports the names of files to the police. There are no reports of police officials acting on such results, and antivirus
software companies say it has not yet been distributed widely and is at relatively low risk of damaging computers.
Technically a worm, the virus is of unknown origin and was spotted by computer security companies on May 22. It arrives as an attachment to an e-mail message titled, "FWD: Help us ALL to END ILLEGAL child porn NOW." When a recipient opens the attachment, child pornography statutes appear on screen. The
program then searches the user's hard drive for picture files that have pornographic-sounding names and then sends an e-mail message and a list of suspect files to a law enforcement agency picked at random from the program's database.
"Hi," the message sent to the police says: "This is Antipedo2001. I have found a PC with known child pornography files on the hard drive. I have included a listing below and included a sample for your convenience."
The virus also sends out copies of itself to addresses in the victim's e-mail address book.
Apart from the program's invasive nature, virus experts question the results the program sends out.
Its search software is apt to falsely identify files as containing child pornography, said Stephen Trilling, director of research at the Symantec Anti-Virus Research Center in Santa Monica, Calif., which suggests that the results could cause irreparable harm to run-of-the-mill computer owners if the results are acted upon.
While law enforcement agencies cannot search an individual's computer
without a warrant, they can act on a tip. The F.B.I., one of the agencies
on the Noped list, would not say if it had received tips from this virus
program. A Justice Department lawyer said that law enforcement
officials could legally conduct a search based on the tip, but added,
"That's a very different question from `would law enforcement ever
open an investigation based on that information?' "
Perhaps most troubling, legal experts say, is the havoc that the virus
could wreak on the reputation of people with no involvement in child pornography. "There is no telling how far this information might spread," said Stephen J. Davidson, a lawyer and spokesman for the Computer Law Association. Local news organizations could report that a parent was under investigation as a pedophile, he said, "all resulting from an unwarranted and illegal entry to your private

@_date: 2001-06-11 18:52:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Pap Smear 
References: <200106111600.MAA29162
A tactic used by the anti-pedo vigilantes and narcs is to
covertly bury pedo porno amongst adult porno and then
finger the adult downloaders as pedophiles knowing the
evidence will be found without the downloaders knowing
it is there until discovered during a raid.
A federal case here in Manhattan got a conviction this way.
Or so I am told by the convict, who got a ten year sentence.
Cleanse your files, kiddie sluts.
And who saw the arousing report in Saturday's New York
Times about the practice of bestiality, yes, sex with
animals, that is now coming out of the closet. The last
taboo is getting its day. One gent goes on talk shows with his dog to tell what it's like.
Debate rages on whether it's rape if the animal does
not explicitly give consent. Some animal protection
advocates say that the lovemaking is okay with them, better to go all the way with animals rather than raise for killing and eating.
(No comparison of Swift's advocacy of raising Irish
children for food.)
Really, in the New York Times, descriptions of French
kissing your dog, and why not, since that is far more
sanitary than doing it with a human.
Someone suggested the article is just part of Hollywood's
promo of "Animal."

@_date: 2001-06-12 08:58:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Thermal Imaging Decision Applicable to TEMPEST? 
The Supreme Court's decision against thermal imaging appears to be applicable to TEMPEST emissions from electronic devices.
And is it not a first against this most threatening vulnerability
in the digital age? And long overdue.
Remote acquisition of electronic emissions, say from outside a home, are not currently prohibited by law as far as I know. And
the language of the thermal imaging decision makes it applicable
to any technology not commonly in use.
Conventional wisdom of security wizards are that the emissions
are very difficult to acquire from more than a hundred yards or
so, but James Bamford claims in his recent "Body of Secrets" that
NSA was able to acquire leaky emissions from Russian crypto equipment 6 miles offshore Cuba in the 1960s. Advances in technology would presumbably increase that capability.

@_date: 2001-06-12 14:14:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Thermal Imaging Decision Applicable to TEMPEST? 
References: <20010612094320.A3361
  <20010612092116.D2234
  <200106121259.IAA00840
  <20010612092116.D2234
Yes, and the confusion between the two sometimes leads to
gaps in understanding as well as security. And I don't know the name
of the technology that acquires signals by "illumination" of objects
bouncing emissions -- some say it is all TEMPEST, others
say don't be fooled by that misnomer -- ther really good stuff is
several generations beyond what is know as TEMPEST. Maybe
that is what NONSTOP and HIJACK and other codewords refer
We have tried and failed to get NSA to open up more on its standards
for both types and blacker stuff. TEMPEST suppliers -- products and services -- have said that it's tough getting NSA to clarify what can be exported and what cannot by any means except by submitting products for review, waiting and getting back a yes or no, but not by getting precise requirements beforehand. Maybe that will change to follow the lead of crypto as demand for TEMPEST picks up.
Meanwhile it is probable that NSA is testing TEMPEST products
for blacker weaknesses, again like crypto, or rather the systems
and programs for crypto use.
We've been told by suppliers that the export market for TEMPEST (both
types) produce would blossom without restrictions on commercial/private use. Govs get approvals for the best stuff (unspecified mil grade) but not biz and citz. Don't know about banks and telecomms and drug-kingpins, maybe they get special treatment for allowing access to data and dope. Outrageous, sure, but it is reported to happen.
Still, as far as this amateur knows, there is no restriction on any type
of TEMPEST inside the US, so the standard of protection is victim And don't believe for a second anything you see in public about how far
away emissions can be acquired or how to protect against TEMPEST with
market-available products. Experts in the employ of the gov whisper you
won't see the truth about TEMPEST in public any time soon though there
will be a whole lot of smoke. The increasing smoke I can vouch for.
Even TSCM's and electronic PI's admit all the public stuff about TEMPEST standards is prefabricated sunshine. Though that might be a DIRT ploy to sell really, really, really totally reliable, better than mil-grade,
Did you hear how Joel McNamara was thought to have been killed fighting a forest fire? Remember the A-10 seeming to fly aimlessly over the Rockies? The suppressed AF report on its avionics going haywire? Think NONSTOP,

@_date: 2001-06-13 07:36:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Thermal Imaging Decision Applicable to TEMPEST? 
References: <200106121259.IAA00840
A third is signal analysis.
A principle argument against being able to sort through the geometric
increase in devices that leak emissions since the 1960s is that it is nearly impossible to find a pin in the hugely noisy haystack of the
electrogmagnetic spectrum.
Help me out here with signal analysis capability even with the niagara
of the digital age. Is it not possible to sort through a very large range
of signal using readily available algorithms to then pinpoint the
signature of types of sources, then home in on subsets of those
sources, to finally single out a particular source?
With the increase in signal volume has come a corresponding increase in signal analysis capability. Analysis of the full electromagnetic spectrum
has been possible for quite a while, if public documents on military research
are a reliable guide, and comprehensive analysis is ever being refined with
with increasingly fine granularity.
While there are billions of electronic devices leaking emissions, there
are no where near as many EM slots used by those devices and their
emissions. In fact, there are only a small number of public slots -- so long as devices conform to regulations. EM leakage is regulated as well.
If the world's devices conform to regulations, and those EM slots are
known and catalogued for signal analysis, then there is a question
about the leakage of the leakage, that is, emissions that escape
regulation, by poor device design, by granularity, or unintentionally.
The signature of a device which leaks, or makes noise, in a unique way is what presumably is searched for in sophisticated signal analysis. A few hundred submarines are identified this way, as are potentially
billions of people.
Are there too many unique device signatures to acquire and identify?
Perhaps so, but I suspect that enterprise is being diligently worked
on, beginning with data provided by manufacturers, catalogung
implanted emissive attributes in the devices, using benchmarks
for types of devices, tracking taggants and moles, cooking up
new variants on Hidden Markov and the host of search/sort/analyze/ID
Jumping off the cliff of ignorance, I suspect that signal analysis,
as with cryptanalysis, will be always able to find a way to get around obscurity. If you don't want to be acquired, don't signal.
Silencio, mafia.

@_date: 2001-06-13 20:37:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TIME.com: Nation -- Supreme Court: Relax. The Heat is Off 
Let me try again after reading Time's Q&A and the responding
attorney claiming that anything inside a home is protected but
nothing outside it is.
My question concerns the methodology of "illuminating" or
"radiating" an object, say, within a home, in order to acquire
signal that may be striking that object, say emissions from
an electronic device but not escaping to the outside under
there own momentum.
Peter Wright in "Spycatcher" describes use of this technology
to acquire signal from crypto machines, French as I recall.
There was discussion of this here a while back, in connection with the contraption concealed by the Soviets behind the great seal in the US Embassy in Moscow. Wright analyzed that contraption for the US to understand how it worked.
Wright is not altogether precise in describing the methodology
nor that of other counterintelligence tools he and others
invented, but some of them appear to be related to acoustic
analysis. (Wright and his father worked for Marconi which
specialized in producing classified comsec products for the UK
military and secret services.)
In any event, if a method is used to acquire signal *within*
a home, would that acquisition be forbidden by the thermal decision? That is, if a signal is sent into a home to acquire
an interior signal, is that a violation?
This may seem to be similar to a bug planted just outside the
face of an exterior wall of a home, or reading the vibrations of
window glass, but I'm trying to imagine an alternative technology
to these, perhaps one that remains classified.
BTW, there has been speculation that NONSTOP and/or HIJACK
are codewords for acoustic vulnerabilities of the sort I'm
fumbling with.
The reason I'm pursuing this is that I've been told we are not
asking NSA the right questions to be answered under FOIA,
that there is technology which has not been revealed in
public and whose names are secret. But we haven't been able to determine what to ask besides stuff usually associated with TEMPEST.

@_date: 2001-06-14 17:00:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Xerox Sux 
A Wall Street Journal article today on the SDMI/DCMA lawsuit
by Ed Felten, et al, includes this nasty:
  "The decision to file the lawsuit hasn't been without consequences.
  Dr. Drew Dean is scheduled to resign from the Xerox research
  center tomorrow and says, without elaborating, that the resignation
  is 'related' to the DMCA lawsuit. A Xerox spokesman says that
  the legal challenge is 'not something the corporation wished to
  be involved in' but declined to comment further."
Drew, like Dan Wallach, was a grad student of Felten's and the
Xerox job was his first, I believe.
Will Princeton boot Felten, will Rice boot Wallach? Depends on
the courage of the trustees to resist their buddies' pressure,
as half-dead Xerox could not.
All hail the principled scientists, buck up trustees.

@_date: 2001-06-14 18:10:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Xerox Sux 
References: <200106142101.RAA03892
EFF is funding the suit and welcomes contributions:   Drew Dean should get separate headlines on the Xerox axing.
If shit comes down on the other plaintiffs from their piggy institutional
employers that should light a fire under Congress. Rice is loaded, not up there with the Princeton and Ivys but sitting on tons of endowment. My alma mater, and it will inherit billions from the Young's dry holes awaiting horizontal exploitation.

@_date: 2001-06-22 11:42:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Slashdot | @Home Cuts Newsgroups Due to DMCA Complaints 
References: <3B32A10E.DD298600
Check out today's EU final copyright directive which perfectly
mirrors the DMCA:
df (153KB)
We offer an HTML version:
   (57KB)
Here's an excerpt on circumvention devices:
Article 6
Obligations as to technological measures
1. Member States shall provide adequate legal protection against the circumvention of any effective technological measures, which the person concerned carries out in the knowledge, or with reasonable grounds to know, that he or she is pursuing that objective.
2. Member States shall provide adequate legal protection against the manufacture, import, distribution, sale, rental, advertisement for sale or rental, or possession for commercial purposes of devices, products or components or the provision of services which:
(a) are promoted, advertised or marketed for the purpose of circumvention of, or
(b) have only a limited commercially significant purpose or use other than to circumvent, or
(c) are primarily designed, produced, adapted or performed for the purpose of enabling or facilitating the circumvention of,
any effective technological measures.
3. For the purposes of this Directive, the expression 'technological measures' means any technology, device or component that, in the normal course of its operation, is designed to prevent or restrict acts, in respect of works or other subject-matter, which are not authorised by the rightholder of any copyright or any right related to copyright as provided for by law or the sui generis right provided for in Chapter III of Directive 96/9/EC. Technological measures shall be deemed 'effective' where the use of a protected work or other subject-matter is controlled by the rightholders through application of an access control or protection process, such as encryption, scrambling or other transformation of the work or other subject-matter or a copy control mechanism, which achieves the protection objective.
[End excerpt]

@_date: 2001-06-23 12:25:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Snooping Domestic Crypto 
Debate on whether the NSA spies domestically on US persons appears to be "yes" according to USSID 18, dated July 23, 1993, which was obtained by the National Security Archive a while back, for which we offer an HTML:
  Parts previously redacted concerning domestic surveillance are now  revealed, among them these provisions for acquiring and retaining indefinitely domestically acquired encipherments:
(2) Domestic communications reasonably believed to contain technical data base information may be retained for a period sufficient to allow a thorough exploitation and to permit access to data that are, or are reasonably believed
likely to become, relevant to a current or future foreign intelligence requirement. Sufficient duration may vary with the nature of the exploitation.   (S-CCO)
a. In the context of a cryptanalytic effort, maintenance of technical data bases requires retention of all communications that are enciphered or reasonably believed to contain secret meaning, and sufficient duration may consist of any period of time during which encrypted material is subject to, or of use
in, cryptanalysis. (S-CCO)
b. In the case of communications that are not enciphered or otherwise thought to contain secret meaning, sufficient duration is one year unless the Deputy Director for Operations, NSA, determines in writing that retention for a longer period is required to respond to authorized foreign intelligence or counterintelligence requirements. (S-CCO)
[End quote]
Again, these sections were censored in versions of USSID 18
previously made public, a 1980 version here:
  While the quoted material is a small part of the 52-page
document, variations on it are repeated more than
once, and seems to be the one exception to the
requirement to avoid domestic interceptions and
to destroy any that are inadvertently acquired.
The classification (S-CCO) is not explained but some
think it perhaps indicates material limited to the UK/USA
agreement and/or the Echelon partners. A better answer
is welcomed.

@_date: 2001-06-26 22:57:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Police arrest newspaper editor for criticizing Florida cops 
We will publish the informative articles on our site cryptome.org
when they arrive.
John Young

@_date: 2001-06-27 07:17:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Police arrest newspaper editor for criticizing Florida cops 
Three Key West The Newspaper articles by Dennis Cooper
about the Key West government scandal:

@_date: 2001-03-02 16:58:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Network crypto is not enough: One example of why. 
Please tell the make and model of the laptop, where it was lifted and other details that would help a good
samaritan recognize it as what you say it is and has
in its innards.
No disinfo now. No risk insurance scamming, we've
been stung by that. Damn hi-value secret-rich laptops are a menace to the underworld and time wasters for
undercovers overloaded with a leak-ploy of the spooks copied by the thousands, when even pawnshops have signs about laptops "who you kiddin."
The dame chopped and shopped your secrets if they were that, copying spooks ploying a bonus
from likeminders with the same venal bosses eager
to steal when profits peter, copying the boss spooks
copying the leaders of the earth and heaven.
No. 38769

@_date: 2001-03-03 07:14:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: _Godwin_ on Godwin 
References: It takes just a moment to remember that Aimee is allegedly
based in Waco, TX, though probably with a TLA in Fort
Worth -- Texas TLAs never stop joking about Waco
to hide their own addiction problems. Choate is in Austin, TX, when he's not electromagnetically rocketing around the
stars. Mike Godwin's Texas background is a disturbing, if pleasurable, fact. The EFF dustup was rooted in hypersensitive sensibilities about a party's birthplace.
It's the water, Declan, the water in Texas has stuff in it that
drives natives to say, to write, to behave in odd ways. The smiles
of Texans are not signs of friendliness but evidence of contaminated ground water. Scientists can find no difference
in the ground water and white lightning.
I'm a Texan.
Like Texas, the water in DC, the water is New York City, in California, the East and West Coast, some say the New World, is laced with something that induces crazed, condescending
braggartly superiority, the urge to never lose an argument
that's winnable by lying, by denying that's what you said,
wrote, did. To shoot if nothing else wins.
This is not about superpower foreign policy.

@_date: 2001-03-03 19:48:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: AUSA Threatens 60 Minutes in Bell Case 
"An Assistant US Attorney in Seattle has threatened a CBS 60 Minutes reporter who is investigating the prosecution of James Dalton Bell in Western Washington District Court, warning the reporter that a subpoena will be issued for his information if he continues to investigate the case and its broader ramifications. According to a confidential source, AUSA Robb London, the prosecutor of the Bell case, warned 60 Minutes reporter Adam Ciralsky that a subpoena would be issued to Ciralsky for information about persons he had spoken to about the case and what he had learned if Ciralsky continued with his investigation."

@_date: 2001-03-07 09:37:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bell's 3 Nutcases 
Jim Bell has made a motion to have three of the USA's
witnesses undergo psychological evaluation. No names
given in the case docket. Since Jim has been repeatedly moving to have his federal defender, AUSA London, and Judge Tanner recused, it may be that those are the three needing data minded.
Or the three could be composed of anyone has ever posted to cypherpunks or received mail from it or wrote about it or read about it or thought about making a snuff film of it.

@_date: 2001-03-09 10:15:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bell trial schedule 
Thanks for the information.
Could you find out if I can buy a transcript of my grand jury testimony before the trial? Robb London has not answered my three inquiries. The court reporters office told me it
can be released only with Robb's approval.

@_date: 2001-03-09 16:45:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DoJ and Cypherpunks... 
References: Robb London is a polite person, so is Jeff Gordon. It's
what they do after you get comfortable with them that's not so polite. But it's always done in precise compliance
with the law, even if that means kissing your ass goodbye.
Gentlemen with guns are sweethearts if you obey them.
I guess I missed Declan's letter to Robb, and I don't see
it in the Inet archives. Anybody get a copy of it? Those
cc:s to cpunks in Robb's message surely came from Declan's letter, no? Or is Robb baiting hooks? Robb never sent me an ass-kissing-goodbye letter
like Declan's, but sent me only fuck-you subpoenas,
which may mean the same as Declan's, if Declan
believes what Robb wrote about only wanting
this and that, so sorry to inconvenience you.
Robb has a neat way of dropping an unexpected question on you just after warming you up with
spit. Sure, now, Declan does that pretty well himself.
Bet you a nickle Declan gets a chance to name
interviewees besides Bell, in response to a casual
probe from Rob, "oh, by the way, Mr. McCullagh, what did Bell tell you about Alice and Bob and
The only good answer to the unexpected, as DF wrote years ago is "I want a lawyer." Even if you have one, get another, and not the one after your sweet ass with apologetic emails.

@_date: 2001-03-11 07:02:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DoJ and Cypherpunks... 
References: <20010309174929.B30583
 <200103092156.QAA20801
 <20010309211446.24170.qmail
 <200103092156.QAA20801
A consequence of issuing subpoenas to news folks
is to inhibit their reporting on the trial, for witnesses are
excluded from the proceedings, at least before their
testimony -- I'm not sure about exclusion after testimony.
No doubt a rich publisher will assign a second reporter
to cover the trial. Which is what superrich Cryptome will do, as well as get daily transcripts, hopefully in digital form
for immediate publication -- even to be laptopped by those
excluded from the trial. Unless this public announcement
precludes this 1A plot. If so, then we'll go to backups 1, 2, 3
and so on.
Anybody know who the second subpoenaed reporter is?
Jeff answered the inquiry about my GJ transcript: "don't
get your hopes up. I've never heard of that happening,
instead only portions of GJ testimony are available if
introduced at the trial." That's not what Robb told me
before testifying, but then he's a mouther rather than
a shooter like Jeff.
Anybody who thinks questions posed during testimony will be limited to what was assured beforehand has got to be from Pluto. Same credulity for "off the record."
The feds will tell you anything to get your cooperation.
And leave to your imagination and planted news stories
what will happen if you don't. Jim Bell is a poster boy
for that, and I continue to believe that's his role, probably
with his help, coerced or willing.
This is not to say that journalists, any seducer, are so different. That's the problem with privilege and
pulling rank -- they're a corrupting, contemptous divide of us-winners/you-losers. And do seducers
scream when their scams are exposed.
Robb wants the attention poster boy Declan can give his vendetta, the gov's intention to show who runs
cyber-space and -spacers.

@_date: 2001-03-12 18:03:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Slashdot | 15 Minutes 
References: <3AAD279A.AC546509
Jim Choate signed:
To those tracking Jim's signature for future prosecution
I'd like to state that he's a nut and has no control over
what he thinks, writes, posts, declares, corrects, impunes,
mocks, refuses, acts on, reacts stupidly to, misses by a
mile, mischaracterizes scientifically, rats on, and slaughters
with unintended belly laughter. He suffers dementia from a windfall due to Tivoli's buyout by mad cow diseased IBM. Until that day when Jim got a bunch of money he
didn't deserve, and it was a glorious moment we all
dream of, he was rational and could be approached
with safety. Not any more.
If there's any desire on the part of authorities to setup
a Jim Bell next-in-line, Jim Choate ain't it. He'd never
pass the psychological evaluation -- which come to
think of it, is a pretty damn smart state to be in these
days, so I'm heading up Jim's asshole for protection
from the avenging angels who own his heart and
mind. Remember the chip the feds planted in Jim,
right next to the one put there by IBM -- actually
identical devices for assuring obedience even
while protesting against the powers that power the
chips lucre.

@_date: 2001-03-14 20:41:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WSJ: NSA Computer Upgrade 
References: It is likely that a principal reason for the new NSA system is
to be able to more efficiently spy on its users, as with intelink,
siprnet and niprnet -- and our own beloved Internet whose
users and hackers know not what is being logged. Counterintelligence has become a more important function of the intel agencies than intelligence, as with corporations, educational institutions and families who face internal attacks.
Exposing threats to kids, church and nation is a hot market.
Counterintelligence in all its forms is riding high as a savior
of the commonweal.
Still there are dark sides to knowing the truth.
The reports of DNA evidence showing that up to 28% of fathers are not the biological fathers of children for whom they
are legal parents is a reminder that revisionist intelligence is not limited to the spooks as data mining becomes more widely available.
And what will come of government as it becomes more
subject to internal attacks due to greater access to snooping
technology and counter-snooping attempts to hold onto
the privilege of knowing what underlings do not?
Deutch thought he knew why it was wise to work at home, to avoid the counter-snoops watching him, but the counter-snoops knew what he did not -- they work for
themselves not the bosses.
Sys admins may well become the power mongerers of
the future, or is that already the case. Hayden is dreaming
if he thinks he will be able to watch his troops without their knowing and counteracting it.
What is worrisome is the prospect of a coup by the info hi-technoids, most of who work for the military or have contracts with them -- out contracts.
SAIC, BBN, Mitre, RAND, the telecomms, the satcomms,
operators of the thick connections worldwide, coupled
with the wizards at the NSA, NRO, USAF, DIA, and so,
could put on a formidable putsch, while the oversight
committees remain, as ever, three monkied.

@_date: 2001-03-14 21:46:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WSJ: NSA Computer Upgrade 
Aluger commanded:
New York Times, March 11, 2001, page 1:
"According to the American Association of Blood Banks,
280,000 paternity tests were conducted in 1999, three
times as many as a decade earliet. And in 28 percent of
the tests, the man tested was found not to be the father."
The article goes on to say that most courts still require
a non-biological-father to support the kids he once
believed were his own. To protect the kids.
This parallels law that favors bosses, property owners,
and high office holders over those they fuck, well maybe
not fuck, but you know what I mean if you are an employee,
non-propertied, no public office to lever ransom.
As a kidless self-unemployed gypsy blueballed uni, I got nobody to blame for befucked. Pet python eyes the blues.

@_date: 2001-03-15 07:09:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WSJ: NSA Computer Upgrade 
Men usually got a hangup about paternity, and
many don't want to know the truth, so the 28% is
surely way low, in particular to protect the kids and
the wives and to keep the men in harness. Them's the facts of biology and culture and healthy
workplace economies.
Same for being snooped on: most deny it's happening,
or that it's as great as claimed by the paranoids, or so what, I got nothing to hide. Still, best to watch and
accuse everybody else, support your LEA.
Same for being on cypherpunks -- a list for trolling and snooping and accusing -- and denying the truth of these -- if it's anything. Same for the Internet as for your kids -- now get to work, sucker, your sweetie's on the phone to your best friend breathing help me plonk that limp lamer.
This comedy's being logged worldwide, as always,
laughing gas.
Religion is counterintelligence for the disbelievers
at what's staring them in the face grinnning I love you daddy.
Never, ever have your blood tested, nor your brain.
Keep your head up where the sun don't go. Read
the papers, call what you see lies, distortions of
your motherless bastardy.

@_date: 2001-03-15 12:15:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [RE: WSJ: NSA Computer Upgrade] 
Listen, I for one never post off topic on this list, and
the paternity testing was cited as an example of
how advanced technology produces wonderful
effects not intended, perhaps, perhaps, by its
And that came from my profound insight about
why DIRNSA Hayden wanted a unified e-mail
system, not only for communication as he avows,
but to more efficiently snoop on the system's users.
The reason most corrupt corporations buy new
stuff, new consultants, new outsourcing, to intimidate their restless herds.
DNA testing is promoted as a way to catch criminals
and clear the innocent, but is also being used for
other purposes which may lead to unexpected
social upheavals such as paternity verification.
Now, does snooping by higher officials on underlings
also offer unexpected social upheavals? This perfect
genius says yea, yea, hurray. Reverse panopticon
is the name of this evolutionary feature. Watching the
watchers, or at least goading them to think they are
being watched, i.e., Assassination Eye of God.
Counterintelligence was invented by high officials
of spooky religion to persuade sinners that sin does not
go unobserved and unpunished, unless you pay
tithe to the supreme bandits.
James Jesus Angleton was not middle-named that for

@_date: 2001-03-19 12:10:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Choke, Choate 
Jesus Kristmas, Jim, look at the stinking garbage you send with a single subject line of information. Have you no shame, or do you not smell your own farts? And this is with babble
turned off. Sys yr msg.

@_date: 2001-03-24 18:50:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Screwing Jim Bell Royally 
The feds, after refusing for months to allow Jim Bell's host of motions to be filed, are now allowing them in a rush, well short of the required minimum of a month to allow trial preparation. The motions are available on the Court's web site, in TIF format, and we'll have them up in HTML/TXT this weekend.
The motions show that since mid-December Jim has repeatedly asked for adequate legal representation and been repeatedly refused. In fact, almost all his motions have been denied by Judge Jack.
In particular, the feds aim to prevent Jim or anybody putting
discovery materials on the Internet, a goal that must be countered
by all means and methods if the stuff can be liberated.
Even so, Jim's motions offer vivid descriptions of what has been
happening to Jim, not only since his arrest, but well before,
even before his first trial, as well as events within prison and
after release.
If true, and the current federal abuse helps make his story
plausible, the feds have been long pursuing Jim and his
cohorts, using a variety of illegal methods -- for surveillance, investigation, searches, arrests, evidence tampering, abuse of the federal rules of procedure, treatment of prisoners, denial of legal rights, and more.
I've been asked by Jim's current PD to appear as a witness on his behalf and welcome the opportunity to do so if I can get assurance that Jim will get legal representation much
superior to what he has gotten so far. How that will mesh with the feds subponea of me as their witness remains to be seen.
The feds are being super shitty in this case, moreso than
in Bell 1 and with CJ. I think that is because they have been
up to greater evil than ever and intend to enhance that
method to intimidate dissidents and those interested in
such cases.
It's clear that Jim Bell is a pretext for this campaign of aggression
against dissidence, a poster boy for what is to come in the way of federal law-massaging injustice.
Jeff Gordon wrote me to say that to get my grand jury testimony
I will need to make a motion to the magistrate in charge of the
grand jury -- just in time to leave no time to make that motion and
get a response before the trial. Why Robb didn't tell me that in January is now clear: the sonofabitch didn't want me to know I was being stalled by his unresponsiveness and that now surely his selective misuse of my GJ testimony.
Should be an educational experience at the trial to learn what
the feds got cooked up to dangle Jim as bait for other fishes.
What's up with Declan's fighting his subpoena? Is the press
rallying to one of their own? ACLU on the case? 60 Minutes
still around? Or is the Oregonian gonna spin the terrorism
all alone -- well, except for the federal government, christ with
all those jihadists coming into the country, providing Libyan
money to the locals as if IRA fighting the Royals.

@_date: 2001-03-25 12:55:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Screwing Jim Bell Royally 2 
We offer the court docket of March 23, 2001 and a couple
of dozen recent filings, most of them by Jim Bell, with a couple
of the judge's orders:
   Here's a sample of the feds and Jim going at it:
Jack E. Tanner, US District Judge, ORDER, January 11, 2001:
  "THE COURT, being advised by the Government of   the defendant's (James Bell) stated intention of publishing   discovery materials in this case on the Internet, which   discovery materials include voluminous private information   and personal addresses of various individuals, HEREBY   ORDERS that no materials disclosed by the government   as part of its discovery obligation shall be shared by   defense counsel with the defendant until further notice   of the court." Jim Bell, Defendant's Self-Filed Supplemental Response to  Government's Proposed Order Concerning Defendant's
Access to Discovery Material, March 16, 2001:
        "Comes now the Defendant, James Dalton Bell, who declares that
        he is effectively and unwillingly unrepresented, and that
        his 6th Amendment Right to Counsel has been repeatedly and
        intentionally violated since on or about December 1, 2000.
        Defendant Bell has repeatedly sent letters to the court asking
        for substitute counsel, and two separate motions by attorney
        Robert Leen have been essentially ignored since mid-
        December, 2000.
            2. The arrogance strongly implied in the government's
        proposed ORDER GOVERNING DEFENDANTS ACCESS TO DISCOVERY
        MATERIALS CONTAINING HOME ADDRESSES AND OTHER PERSONAL
        INFORMATION is truly astounding. (Hereafter I refer to this
        monstrosity as the Proposed Access Order, or PAD.)
            3. The government has said exactly nothing supporting,
        detailing, or explaining their desires. Which addresses
        are they trying to "protect"? How many? Whose? For what
        reason? For how long? Does the government believe that
        these addresses were somehow obtained "illegally" or that
        their mere possession is somehow illegal? Why has essentially
        all discovery material been denied Defendant Bell for 3+
        months due merely to a few "addresses"7
            4. The government hasn't even said, openly, where this
        material came from: Defendant Bell suspects that all of the
        material (at least that portion containing the "addresses"
        came from the November 6 search and thus, from the Defendant
        himself by the thinking of the government. Is the government
        entitled to bar the defendant from doing (legal) things
        with this information? Permanently?
            5. Is the government suggesting that this material
        or any of it is somehow "illegal information"? Or would the
        government like it to be considered illegal information?
        That would certainly explain some of the government's odd
        behavior over the last 3+ months.
            6. Could it be that the real reason this material was
        taken November 6 had nothing to do with any crime then-
        suspected or later-charged, but in fact was taken in a ruse?
        Defendant Bell reminds the Court and government that he has
        not yet been given an Evidentiary Hearing, which due to the
        highly unusual specifics of this case must occur many weeks
        before any anticipated trial. Bell anticipates that this
        hearing will reveal that all the material taken November 6
        will be easily provable to have been entirely-legal
        information, but taken by an illegally-requested and illegally
        executed search done by people who intended at all times
        simply to deprive Bell of his properly-owned information.
             7. Defendant Bell concurs with Leen's conclusion that
        "The Government's proposal is completely unacceptable to the
        defense." However, Leen's proposed "solution" clearly reflects
        an inadequate and incomplete level of objection to the
        government's wholly outrageous proposal. Defendant Bell
        suggests that America's history and practice of "public trials"
        with public testimony and public evidence, is supposed to be
        primarily intended to protect a defendant's rights, but is
        secondarily and strongly intended to protect the public (and
        NOT simply the government-employed public!) against crooked
        government officials and employees and their practices.
             Indeed, for example one of the most direct impediments to
        espionage trials is the usual requirement that "classified"
        evidence must be de-classified to be used at trial. This makes
        it public information! Prosecutor London is apparently
        treating this case as if it were a spy trial, but at the same
        time he is cutting corners, legally, by asking for (and
        receiving, if the sham continues) the luxury of keeping the
        "classified information (in reality, people's addresses) secret
        both during and (presumably?) after trial! So far he won't even
        say how many such addresses he wishes to protect in this way!
        (less than a dozen? Hundreds? Thousands?)
             8. Even more oddly, London's PAO clearly anticipates
        showing all of this material to Defendant Bell, presumably
        including the addresses he wishes to "protect," while the more
        "obvious" solution in such cases would be to redact (black out
        in a copy, or cut out, etc) whatever information he doesn't
        wish Bell to have.
             While Bell can't endorse either system for obvious reasons,
        he can at least point out that the latter system would have
        the major advantage of not impeding his access to the vast
        majority of materials whe~e there is no arguable problem,
        including not prohibiting him from even taking notes (!)
        which would seem to be a thoroughly obnoxious attack on his
        ability to prepare a competent defense!
             Defendant Bell has already argued and accused the
        government in his other filings of simply intending to delay
        his case and impeding his preparation of his defense for 3+
        months (as of 3/10/01) on the flimsy fabricated excuse of
        denying him access to a few "addresses."  If the government
        is now willing to show him all of discovery including those
        addresses (but with extreme impediments to his access to and
        use of all of it, including the vast and presumably non-
        controversial majority) but is not willing to give him
        unimpeded access to a redacted version, this will prove beyond
        all doubt that Bell's accusations were absolutely true."

@_date: 2001-03-26 19:07:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Screwing Jim Bell 3 
I returned a telephone message today left on the 22
asking me to call about appearing as a witness for
Jim Bell. The name Leen was cited (Robert Leen is
Jim's PD). The number left, 1-800-797-6722, turned
out to be the Public Defenders Office. A man who
answered passed me to the US Attorney's Office,
to a Jennifer Mullane, who was out, so I left a message
to call me.
Nobody called back so I called Robert Leen's office, and
spoke to Leen. He said oh yes John Young, you're a
friend of Jim Bell's. I said, no, I'm a supporter. Well, he
said, I've seen an email you wrote to Jim which the
government is going to use in the trial, so that is what
I meant by you being a friend. The email they questioned you about in the grand jury.
I said I had not written Jim any email and told the grand
jury that I'd posted a message on a public list, not sent
one to Jim directly. Oh, Leen said.
I asked if he or Jim had arranged the call about my
being a witness for Jim. He said, no, not that I'm
aware of. Jim has prepared a witness list but you're
not on it. But I'm not getting along with Jim so I can't
be sure. You probably know that a lot of people don't
get along with Jim,
I didn't answer that.
He said you probably were called about being a
government witness, because we didn't call you.
I said I had got a government subpoena already.
He said that was for the grand jury, right.
I said, no, another subpoena for the trial. That is
what makes the call last week about being a witness
for Jim curious.
Leen said. I'll look into it and call you tomorrow.
An hour later I got the message from Jeff about the
trial being postponed a day.
Here's Jim's March 18 filing of a partial witness list:
  Comes now the Defendant, James Dalton Bell, who declares that
  he is effectively and unwillingly unrepresented, and that
  his 6th Amendment Right to Counsel has been repeatedly and
  intentionally violated since on or about December 1, 2000.
  Defendant Bell has repeatedly sent letters to the court asking
  for substitute counsel, and two separate motions by attorney
  Robert Leen have been essentially ignored since mid-
  December, 2000.
  [Handwritten]
   1. Due to Leen's refusal to do substantial work on my
   case, and to preserve my rights, I submit the
   following partial witness list:
   Ryan Thomas Lund
   Joane Maida
   Robert Gombiner
   Steve Wilson
   Charles Vollmer
   Lisa Stevenson
   Ernest "Ernie" Grissell
   David King
   Alverna King
   Daniel J. Saban
   Leslie Spier
   Jeff Gordon
   Mike McNall
   Steve Mueller
                                       [Signature]
                                       James Bell 3/18/01
For more on these witnesses, see the feds' complaint:
   And Jim's recent filings:

@_date: 2001-03-26 19:33:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Screwing Jim Bell 4 
I got 15 filings this afternoon from Jim Bell, most of
which I had downloaded from the WWA web site last
week and put up over the weekend. I'll add the missing
  "Talking to Declan McCullagh a few days ago I was
  utterly astonished that he *had not* forwarded extra
  copies of my legal filings to you (or anyone else)
  despite my strenuous wish, and though I sent him
  2 copies of most of them.
  It is vitally important that these be posted ASAP. I hope
  you can do this, or find someone who can. I assume
  you can put them on  They
  are all public now. It is extremely important."
Declan and I had lunch in New York last Friday, and
he mentioned that he had some Jim Bell papers he
had wanted to give me. I said I had just downloaded
a bunch from the court web site. He said you mean
the docket. I said no, the filings, a lot of them appearing
rapidly. That most had been delayed by the feds.
We discussed other slime which won't be posted here,
but nothing about the Bell screwing, which is verboten,
especially in the place we got drunk in and told lies
about our vanishing 1A status.
Our personal recorders whirred silently. Declan
had his camera out in the open, his recorder
in the bag, not me -- the tongueless waiter's mine.

@_date: 2001-03-28 19:57:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Screwing Jim Bell 5 
Now the Western Washington District Court has removed
all TIFF images of court filings. Whether that is due to Judge
Jack's expanding his order forbidding public disclosure of discovery materials after we put a bunch of Jim's filings on the Net, or another counterterrorist ploy to censor Jim and his terrifying accusations, who knows.
No call back from Leen on my inquiry about being a witness
for Bell. Fuck him, bedwetting with the feds.
Remember, do not e-mail, telephone or visit me or you're
subject to subpoena. Same for tarred Declan, or anybody else pissants Choate and Leen are eager to CDR.

@_date: 2001-03-28 21:11:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Screwing Jim Bell 5 
References: <200103290109.UAA03338
Fuck Jim's CDR.
The WWA images were available only through the PACER
subscription service, so they are not likely to be archived
on the Web unless somebody else did it.
We downloaded many, but not all of them, and not all
provided full copies of filings; some offered only the first Happily, the stuff Jim sent by snail the other day provides
the missing pages of the truncated docs and several other filings that were not on the WWA site. They'll be up tonight or tomorrow.
The docket through today shows that subpoenas are
going out for Jim's witnesses, er, his accusers, ratfinks
and alleged victims, posted here yesterday. That's if Jack doesn't deny Jim his licks as customary of blind justice WWA.
This mad rush to trial may be interrupted in order to
deny Jim his perfect appeal grounds that he was prevented
from required time for defense preparation -- and running down witnesses fleeing subpoenas and while praying for 60 Minutes to answer the chalk mark.

@_date: 2001-03-29 12:39:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Screwing Jim Bell 6 
We've added 60 pages of Jim Bell's filings to an updated
docket and filings:
   This supercedes the file of 23 March 2001.
It appears that these sixty pages were deliberately omitted
from the TIFF images once offered on the WWA web site;
some filings were represented only by a first page, others
not offered at all.
They vividly describe alleged collusion by Jim's PD,
Robert Leen, AUSA Robb London and Judge Jack
Tanner to deny Jim a fair trial. Really chickenshit behavior
by the pack and their rats. Read and puke. Watch your back.
One of Jim's motion asks for sanctions and fines against
the troika, to be paid to him until the three are recused:
For Leen, $5,000 per day.
For London, $10,000 per day.
For Tanner, $5,000 per day.

@_date: 2001-03-30 10:35:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Screwing Jim Bell and Cypherpunks 
Declan offers his motion to quash the feds subpoena:
Worth reading not for the customary hoary press privilege, but for the protection requested to avoid what Jim Bell allegedly wants to use McCullagh for, and for Declan's affirmation that he covers the " 'cypherpunk' movement," gathering and archiving information for future use.
Did you write this yourself Declan or your mouthpiece
working alone without privileged sources about what you
intend for the "cypherpunk movement?" WTF movement,
by the way is being alleged and what is the evidence
being concocted? Smells like the feds are feeding
the evidentiaries all around the legal and press privileged
pigtroughs, jesus fucking christ.

@_date: 2001-03-30 12:34:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Screwing Jim Bell and Cypherpunks 
References: <20010330113530.A27617
Doesn't matter what you know, what matters is the evidence
provided by others about a cypherpunk movment. Its most
reputable actors, its most convincing statements, its most
celebrated manifestos, its most publicized threats to the
Declan's motion to quash, and the evidence it claims
Declan has about the cypherpunk movement, are perfect
examples of how a movement is turned into a conspiracy.
By turning state's evidence upon advice of an attorney,
upon advice of your boss. This happened with Time and
it is happening with Wired. As with many prior squeezings
of confidants.
Not much Declan can do about it if he wants to remain
a journalist paid regularly to get those desiring press coverage
to tell him secrets or simulations thereof. Not single Declan
out for this, the same is true of Jessica Stern, 60 minutes,
or anybody who claims they are privileged, trust me, that is,
your lawyer. Let me introduce Mr. Jones.
In the Bin Laden trial yesterday the day's testimony was
about the similarity of acts of war by the US and terrorism
by bin Laden's followers. With Judge Sand and a defense attorney going at it (while the jury was not present):
   As often discussed here, freedom fighter is synonymous
with terrorist. As Jim Bell argues in his briefs, he was
the one stalked by the feds. As Declan has said, Jim
was doing what Declan does, gathering information on
the federal terrorism movement. Question remains of
who Declan will side with, as with any privileged party,
when the wires are attached to privates to assure

@_date: 2001-03-30 22:33:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Screwing Jim Bell 7 
The TIF images are back on the WWA web site. With several
new ones, including Declan's filings yesterday, now up to 101
documents, a bigger rush. Several are the feds' responses to
Jim's motions. One reveals that Jim's telephone calls from
jail are being recorded, and states he was notified they would
be. One call was allegedly made to a member of the cypherpunk movement, information in the call is cited, the party is named and called a "friend" of Jim's as Leen called me.
Where this "friend" shit is coming from is a fair question. Whether
from Jim or the proponents of the fictitious "cypherpunk movement"
or both. Let me be clear: I hate Jim Bell, and believe him to be in
cahoots with the feds, and probably members of the media, to ensnare others into a conspiratorial cypherpunk movement to save his own ass, to garner publicity and to smear anybody
who supports him with his bullshit suffering from persecution, but I still support his right to a fair trial and find the chickenshit actions of the feds and Jim's non-attorney even more hate-worthy. Feds and Leen in the same peapod with Jim: all lust for the spotlight and like the WWF have no shame in faking stalking each other as if serious, preening in the mirror.

@_date: 2001-03-31 07:23:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Robert Leen, and getting Jim Bell a fair trial 
I've publicly asked that no private e-mail be sent to me about the Bell case. Do it in public or not at all. You could be tarring
me as others have done, for whatever noble reason. Offense
intended. You are way behind the curve on this matter, and
privately whispering advice is cowardly, not unlike noble journalists and attorneys have done to me. Show your face,
no stalking, thanks.

@_date: 2001-11-02 21:14:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Under Attack 
The Boston Globe had a story on October 27 about
NSA refusing to share comint on US persons with other
federal agencies, destroying the data upon its lawyers'
advice sooner than usual in the face of anti-terrorism pressure. (URL may wrap)
If true, it's a big plus for NSA for complying with the law
when others are rushing to bend, break and revise it.
Some assholes are calling for unleashing NSA from
its Church Committee restrictions, but a few sane
people are saying, no, no domestic spying, we don't
want to go through that again. To be sure, the story could be a cover for ignoring the

@_date: 2001-11-04 07:16:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Maine National Guard bars Green Party leader from flying 
References: <3BE490F0.4237.151C5F7E
As did the 'Atta Boys.'
This 'Blanc' is now in the databank of crowing terrorists, and will be
reluctantly quoted in the next national high alert. Deceiving the homeland
guardians is treason.
So the whole thread was entrapment, starting with Declan the arch
bait setting cause traitor. What do you expect of 1A in these days except ensnaring dumb fundamentalists.
The moles and sleepers fingering the all too constitutional credulous.
Home Schooling of the Americas.
Take a moment to not cc me your calling attention to your deathwish
by bragging your guerilla smarts.

@_date: 2001-11-04 07:26:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Maine National Guard bars Green Party leader from flying 
References: <4.3.2.7.2.20011103220204.02d67dd0   > <3BE465CB.6045.1473D0F5
  <20011103140634.A28933
Luthor, for the children's sake, come into the present: PLONK is ancient rune of 'thanderals vapiding gas.
Hmm, like Luthor Blisset, hoary collectivist nym, which is not
to say all reds are dead just fomenting CDC misses.

@_date: 2001-11-05 13:17:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: *ill, *ill, *ill 
Seems to me that having people in public places armed with
weapons is wonderful. Mostly hand stuff so far, but there were
a few heavy MGs around Lower Manhattan for a brief period
after D-Day. RPG launchers and backpacks filled with reloads
is darned exciting compared to the usually attention getting
couture. You see this good stuff in photos of foreign lands
but seldom here at home where most of it manufactured
but not worn around the neighborhood and at work and play.
Well, sure gun shows show piddly fashion ornaments, but
not the heavy killers. And air shows of WMDs are widely
spaced, the best overseas. More needed at home, mix
the warplanes with the airliners, good for protection and
exciting for passengers and top guns alike.
We get very sexy carrier fighters overhead producing hand
pumps of drugged-carzed adorables, and even kids unhooked
of Ritalin happily play at Stingering Army copters racing up the Hudson shuttling arm-chair generalas to and from West Point to the day's battleground at the television networks.
Militarizing the United States at home finals brings into the
open what has been going on in the national security closet
since Pearl Harbor, the original world's greatest work of art.
Do not indelicately use the F-word to describe this phenom,
just dress up and enjoy flaunting your best and meanest
attitude. Hate takes less muscle than love and a lot more expensively
wasteful and cowardly armaments.
*ill, *ill, *ill! It's so 7th Avenue. Not at all fascist, except like a
darling *itler couture wind-up-doll.

@_date: 2001-11-05 13:56:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FW: Damn ! I wish I'd though ot fhis myself 
Now, now, check your prejudice. So far there is no proof the Taliban
had much to do with 911, nor bin Laden, nor the so-called 19 attackers.
All we have so far is a niagara of news stories, most of them pulp
Whatever investigations eventually turn up it won't be what we
are ravenously consuming today, as news, as bombing targets.
Most parties around the world are waving their prejudices in lieu of genuine knowledge of what led to the attack, who did, who is still
planning more, what will be the weapons, what the guilty parties
of offense and defense knew and when they knew it, and what
part the frenzy about Condit and Shandra and the presidential
election had to do with diverting attention, breeding envy, and numbing critical abilities.
I figure a year from now none of the current suspects of offense
and defense will be remembered after we are instructed in
another way of being perfectly superficially prejudicial. Skin-tight
shaved bodied, or their product replacements.

@_date: 2001-11-07 10:54:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: URL for William Cooper death story 
References: <100A6572-D341-11D5-8D6A-0050E439C473
  <100A6572-D341-11D5-8D6A-0050E439C473
This raises the question of what kind of ruses might be used
on others to get them to come out of their fortresses or undo the
security system. Here are some that have worked with mafia, terrorists, embezzlers, serial killers, war criminals, dissidents:
1. An interview with a high-profile person or forum. (And sex.)
2. Secret meeting with long-trusted comrade(s). (And sex.)
3. Foray to repair power, water, communication systems. (And sex.)
4. Haircut and massage. (And sex.)
5. Narcotics and/or liquor. (And sex.)
6. Arms replenishment. (And sex.)
7. A wedding of a beloved friend or relative. (And sex.)
8. Medical treatment. (And porno resupply and viagara.)
9. As last resort Mercopan under the door. (Then back to
horny hole-up.)
All these are used in war time to lure soldiers to their doom
Moles and snipers are especially prone.

@_date: 2001-11-09 06:52:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: America the Damned 
This is not true, but a shrewd mistatement often used by law enforcement
and rats out to cover their asses to please unknown authorities. Robb London, Jeff Gordon, the lady from Waco and USG-friendly witnesses have repeatedly made such mistatements. A fair number of subscribers here have made such mistatements here and at the Bell and CJ trials.
What the mistatements disclose are attitudes and beliefs which lead to
those famous eye-witness reports which seem unshakeably true until
shown to be false by careful examination of the state of mind of the
witness, and confrontation of the witness with alternative evidence.
Now people do get sent to prison and executed on the basis of unture
witness and expert testimonry, so these mistatements are not forgiveable,
nor unpunishable, unless they are made from behind a protective
shield, which most are, initially, and then, lo, the shield disappears
when the distortion is no longer useful. So watch your assertions
Nomen, for false accusations are mean sons of bitches that turn on you.
You know I mean verbal retribution, don't you? When your anonymity
disappears, which it has in case you've not noticed.
This is not true, but a willful mistatement. Tim May is a fine writer and
thinker and exhorter. Your accusations fit many others on and off the Web
but not Tim May. However, I expect you will be willing to testify, or have
already testified, that what you fanatisize is true. This has been
here several times by others less able than Tim May.
Nomen, there are many Tim Mays. Read the fucking archives to see who's
driving you into the arms of the enemy. The enemy is not who you think
either, for there are Tim Mays there you wouldn't believe.
Lower your prejudice, jaundice and cowardice. Pay attention to discussions here and provoke violent behavior. Prepare for long-time in jail or a taste of
the needle. Then you'll be believable and not a yellow-bellied finger
pointin reporter of false facts to boost your career.
All this is said to divert attention away from me and my unassailable
protective cloak.
--Tim May
"You don't expect governments to obey the law because of some higher moral development. You expect them to obey the law because they know that if they don't, those who aren't shot will be hanged." - -Michael

@_date: 2001-11-12 10:35:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Plane crash in NYC 
Local reports of eyewitnesses say an engine came off first,
and landed separately from the plane. The plane came in
"flat," not nosediving, thus perhaps somewhat under the pilot's control. Plane was zigzagging before it crashed.
The A300 can be landed without power, thus stable with
both engines gone. The engine that came off could have
caused destablization.
No evidence of an attack. However, terrorist games often
include scenarios of an ground to air attack on planes
leaving Kennedy as they pass over the lightly populated
areas of Queens (a lot of open water and marshlands).
No eyewitness accounts of missile tracks. One witness
of the engine falling said he heard no explosion beforehand.
Another said the sound of the plane was unusual, more
like a jet fighter than an airliner. Jet fighters are on regular
patrol around the city and NY airports.
As reported, bridges and tunnels closed, except some outbound traffic allowed. Phones here are jammed.

@_date: 2001-11-12 11:18:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Plane crash in NYC 
References: <20011112095522.B21606
This may be on national but the local ABC station is showing raw footage of the plane and engine crash sites, fairly close up, right by the fallen engine, and within a few yards of the plane. There are relatively large portions of the plane which seems
to indicate a slower speed hit. The fire at the engine is out, but the plane and surrounding building fires continue. A mix of firemen, police and citizens battling the blaze.
A few young men running into the fire along a street of
houses for unknown reasons, but may be heading for home or known area locations. Running right into and
through the flames. These are wood fires of houses
and trees not fuel, which explains the whitish smoke.

@_date: 2001-11-12 14:57:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: mapping in the sierras and places west 
Aren't these kind of rigs used to survey, triangulate and record
large numbers of ground-based transceivers?
If so, they are similar to rigs which do geological surveys
with packs of machines you can see traversing likely oil
reserves. Odd looking, six or so trucks, bumper to bumper,
running 50 yards or so, pausing, an almost inaudible hammering on the ground, then rushing ahead to the
next stop. Logs of these soundings are reportedly
transmitted directly to home base, encrypted, so the
trucks cannot be hijacked or intercepted by competitors.
So the wishful thinking goes.
In the case of aerial surveys of radio frequencies, it is
possible to spoof signals by tucking the genuine in amongst
"static." But successful evasion depends on the snoopers
not have quick-witted algorithms to snatch the static,
even if it's burst transceivals, and make sense of it.
If you encrypt the sneaky signal you're dead meat.
Again, learning from the oil patch pirates, you can lay off
over the horizon and grab the sounding data by reading
the ground signal in the clear not the encrypted air data. But beware of chaff sent out by the trucks to thwart that such angle snooping.
Some packs of trucks are reconnaissance by fire.
As are some of the aerial surveys, which invite
tracking of the overt apparatus to snatch the pirates'
interceptions by way of reverse engineering the
snoop with an array so large you wouldn't know it
was there unless you had an antenna capable of
reading it. Some locate components of the
secondary receiver city-wide, or maybe wider.
Some radio engineers think the mobile phone system
transceivers are used for that very, very wide array purpose tucked dual-use below the consumer usage.
Would mobile phones also serve as unwitting contributors to a large area transceiver? Sophicticated geological sensors can certainly get pretty good readings from heavy traffic
on the interstate, and it gets better as the highways
deteriorate. Concrete expansion joints are wondrous

@_date: 2001-11-14 17:49:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The killing of Bill Cooper and Liquid Metal Embrittlement 
References: How would the LME work on the interior structure of the plane?
The skin has little structural strength but does streamline the
structure and I suppose if it was weakened to peel away,
turbulence could shear structural bolts or welds. The tail section
of 587 appeared to be cleanly detached from the fuselage and
not obviously torn.
Vibration of the tail could have loosened or fractured bolts or welds
sufficiently to break away under the forces of take-off and/or
turbulence from the preceding 747.
Still, if the tail was subject to vibration that would have made its
attachments a likely assembly to check frequently.
Several recent FAA airworthiness directives for the A300 listed problems needing attention but nothing on the tail assembly.
Which doesn't mean squat necessarily, since expected accidents usually don't happen.
However, because tails seldom come loose, I understand, if an
attacker wanted to do the unexpected on a part little suspected
of failure, the tail connection would be a good target. One pilot
was quoted as saying no better failure could have been arranged to assure disaster. That is, loss of tail is not in featured
the emergency recovery manual -- at least in civilian aircraft.
I believe loss of tail is included in military emergency planning
due to their being good vertical targets for missiles, shells and
shrapnel. Some military tails are oversized for the plane to
survive loss of a good portion of the tail (although not likely
for entire tail loss except for two-tailed craft).

@_date: 2001-11-17 12:48:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: "Rigorous and objective" (if at first...) 
If you're over 30-35 all your best stuff was done in the old
days. After that age you may think you're capable of good
work but that's just the voice of experience taking the place
of genuine challenge when you have to solve problems
to survive rather than steal from youngsters and call it
your own or worse, claim it was stolen from you. The older you get the more you succumb to the narcotic
of experience, and you really think you a smart son of a bitch rather than a nodding dopehead dreaming of
the glory days.
But nothing narcotizes like success except having
no need to deal with the unexpected. That's why loners
and hermits have it right, hate the world, shut out
all attempts to socialize, concoct deeply satisfying
explanations for why the solitary lifestyle is a winner
rather than a loser.
Attack anybody who disturbs your fantasy. Avoid
mirrors, families, any reminder of what you used to
be before climbing up into your dark hole of
This is a voice of experience screaming at you
the truth you dumb motherfucker, you, you, newbie.
Newbies scare the shit of of oldies, seeing in them
certain disrespect, ridicule, erasure. Even when
newbies try their damnest to learn from the oldies
the venerable farts can't bear to be used as
stepping stones -- as if they never did that, and
are not now robbing the newbies under guise of
disdaining them.
Best thing about cpunks is nobody is over 30-35.
Most way healthier than that or wisely pretend to
Meanwhile the Net geezers are agoing sclerotic
heading boards and advisory panels, doing nothing
challenging, burnishing each others' reputations,
fencing what they thieve from students and prowling
the Net for easy pickings.
Mostly, though, checking on the times their names
are cited. Boosting that with neat tools purpose-built
for backdating and touching up wild-age rants into golden-age nuggets.

@_date: 2001-11-20 11:05:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The bookburning begins... 
The LA Times report makes fair points but much of the
information being removed from selected repositories is
available elsewhere, as previously discussed here. An example is the removal of info on dams and reservoirs. That is widely available elsewhere, as shown on Google. In particular the Web site of the US Bureau of Reclamation ( still provides extensive, detailed info on dams and reservoirs west of the Mississippi: regional and local locational maps, type of dam and construction, capacity of reservoir, photos and so on.
Information on nuclear plants, pipelines, infrastructure
is still available at government and industry sites. Some of
this is better than government resources.
The peculiar decision of the Federation of American Scientists
to withdraw files in the national interest has been widely
cited. And perhaps the info was indeed potentially lethal.
But it is also possible that withdrawals are being made for
disinformational and propaganda reasons as always done
in times of national emergencies.
There is a frenzy of release of disinformation by western
governments to reputable media outlets, nearly always without
supporting documentation for readers to independently decide
on its truthfulness. Instead, reputations of the media are being
used to burnish the disinfo, and, wow, are these media egos
delighted at playing the wargame with the Serious and Important People. Woodward and Hersh in the US, and a bevy of natsec
luminaries in the UK, are falling all over themselves at putting
out unsupported disinfo fed to them by their governments
and agents of governments.
The charade of the abandoned Al Qaeda documents, the bin
Laden video leaked to The Telegraph, the panic-inducing
disclosures to Woodward, Hersh, Loeb, Gertz, the DoD
calls for terrorism-fighting technologies, Ashforth's
repeated claims of imminent domestic attack, what more
could be done to alarm the populace of the leading nations
needing a big boost for their corrupt intelligence and military
industries? Who better to drive that panic than the complicit
media industries -- news, television, movies, religion, the
stock market.
Declaring information too valuable to be allowed public access
is a continuation of the secrecy industry by other means.
Reporters need not document their reports, just proclaim
the planted documents are bona fide, believe or die, as the
preachers of all faiths scare their flocks.
Thank Minerva none of the cpunk preachers spew that reputation capital shit.

@_date: 2001-11-21 16:39:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IP: Wanna make biological weapons and take out cities?  
Since not many gun shows are held in Manhattan we don't
expect to get a chance to buy one of Tobiason's CDs for academic purposes. We offer to purchase a copy of a copy, or an original, for say, up to $100 including S&H.
Send to:
John Young
251 West 89th Street
New York, NY 10024
If you want to be paid beforehand let me know how to do
One of the academic purposes is to see how much of the information
on the CD is available elsewhere on the Net just in case the Net is being set up to take the Hit along with public libraries and avid
defenders of the Constitution.
As far as I know the CD is not yet illegal in New York State
or City. Libraries and C-defenders are nervous.

@_date: 2001-11-22 11:06:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Denning's Geo-crypto 
Time Magazine, November 26, 2001:
Denning's pioneering a new field she calls geo-encryption.
Working with industry, Denning has developed a way to keep
information undecipherable until it reaches its location, as
determined by GPS satellites. Move studios, for example,
have been afraid to release films digitally for the same reasons
record companies hate Napster: once loose on the Internet,
there's little to stop someone from posting the latest blockbuster
DVD on the Web for all to see and download. With Denning's
system, however, only subscribers in specified locations --
such as movie theaters -- would be able to unscramble the
data. The technology works as well for national security
as it does for Harry Potter. Coded messages that the State
Department sends to its embassies, for example, could only
be deciphered in the embassy buildings themselves, greatly
reducing the risk of interception.
For now, Denning says, terrorists "may want to bring down
the power grid or the finance system, but it's still easier to
blow up a building." If she's right, it's due in large part to her.

@_date: 2001-11-22 11:35:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Denning's Geo-crypto 
Google shows one "geo-encryption" patented by CoinCard,
which may or may not be a component of Denning's geo-crypto.
Because CoinCard is a Canadian company, its geo-encryption
may have nothing to do with Denning's.
CoinCard uses a system composed of a swipe card and passive card reader to decrypt, described in a programmers' manual:
  It looks as though these readers could be rigged for GPS transceiving to assure that encrypted data was physically located where intended by the sender, and/or the recipient's card could be programmed to be read only by that card reader.
Is this a novel system? How to spoof GPS location? Can
bin Laden be in several caves around the world each equipped
with a personal-ID GPS passive transceiver? Do caves
serve as acoustic resonators to emit recorded whispers up ventilating shafts?
What underling was wearing Rumfeld's personal tracker on
9/11? Why was the SecDef frantically trying to recover it before
Mrs. Rumfeld's private investigators? And his secondary

@_date: 2001-11-23 16:02:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Anonymizing Scam 
Below are strange statements coming from Lance Cottrell.
Is there no anonymizer that is not sucking up to the TLAs?
Worse, has there ever been?
One company that is still making money off privacy is
Anonymizer.com, a San Diego-based company that offers
anonymous Web surfing for $50 a year, or $5 a month. The
company has 20,000 active subscribers, said President Lance
Cottrell. "We're still seeing very strong growth," Cottrell said. "Most
people are looking to prevent their boss, insurance company,
spouse, ISP (Internet Service Provider) from knowing where
they're going." Even so, Anonymizer.com began a push six months ago to
market its service to corporations, including law and investigation
firms, and the U.S. government, he said. "Intelligence agencies have been using us for years, especially
since September 11," Cottrell said. "They use us to keep an eye
on bad guy sites" with covert monitoring. The pattern: initial big deal about helping the public protect its
privacy, then boom, a later revelation it was impossible to
continue ...  well, the reasons vary, but the cover story is always
the need for money, the Judas rationale.
Meanwhile, the fabulous surfing data archive allegedly inviolate, or
never retained, or no way to ever know who was using the
service, that is the data all free-gift marketers aim to collect.
Were any anonymizing archives ever trashed or truly protected
against concurrent snarfing? Is Safeweb laughing like ZKS,
like Lance? First, the US, then EU, then CN, all the way to
What does this say about commercial anonymizing services,
and remailers? And crypto, especially free PGP, and the honeypot

@_date: 2001-11-23 18:46:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Biowar in CT and NY 
What's underplayed about Tobiason's CD is his argument
that people have a right to know how to protect themselves
against biological attack, especially the "accidental" kind.
The Connecticut victim of anthrax lived due west of Plum
Island, which is located off the coast of Long Island, and
is a controversial laboratory which does classified research
on animal diseases. Locals have protested for years about
its activities. One favorite complaint is that wild animals on
the island get infected and then swim across Long Island
Sound to Connecticut or across an narrow inlet to the
LI mainland. Deers swim the sound; rodents, squirrels and rabbits swim the inlet; and birds fly everywhere up and
down the coast and inland. The laboratory's officials claim there is no threat to
the public, that their research only involves foot and mouth
disease. Nobody believes that for infected deer have turned
up in CT and small mammals and birds on Long Island.
I've not seen any mention of Plum Island in connection
with the anthrax case, and mammals usually are not a source
of the inhalation type, but could be transporters of the powder. Still, it would not be surprising that Plum has been doing research with a variety of animal-borne diseases for that is what it was set up to do several decades ago. Critics have questioned why the laboratory has been allowed
to continue to operate within the New York Megalopolis. But
the same is said of Brookhaven National Laboratory, located
not far away.
Biolobical scientists who have visited the facility have
reported to scientific colloquia at the American Museum of Natural History inManhattan that weird and scary stuff happens on Plum Island -- disease, germs, insects,
pests within pests within peculiar parasitical containers
waterborne, airborne and human-borne. Even military
visitors reportedly come away shaken.

@_date: 2001-11-23 21:20:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Biowar in CT and NY 
References: The US Department of Agriculture Plum Island Animal Disease Center says:
  "The Plum Island Animal Disease Center is a Biosafety Level 3 (BSL-3) facility designed and constructed to work with the most dangerous animal diseases in the world, such as foot-and-mouth disease (FMD), Rinderpest, and African swine fever. In fact, by federal law, Plum Island is the only place in the U.S. where FMD and Rinderpest
viruses can be studied.
As a BSL-3 facility, PIADC already has in place state-of-the-art biosafety practices and procedures to prevent a disease organism from escaping into the environment, including stringent and rigorously observed safety measures within the laboratories themselves."
... still,
"Plum Island, N.Y., Sept. 5, 2000 The U.S. Department of
Agricultures Plum Island Animal Disease Center (PIADC) has
created a forum groupfor public affairs and safety and
emergency preparedness, to provide new conduits for
communication with the centers neighbors. The forum includes eight local officials who represent
communities in New York and Connecticut within commuting
distance of Plum Island. The forum will initially meet once a
month with USDA scientists and other staff as part of an ongoing
dialogue on the centers research activities, responsibilities, and
general operations."
... so, did a forum member track the virus home to CT?
Probably not:
* Must sign a personal recognizance statement undertaking   to abide by the Safety Rules. * Must take a shower and follow personal decontamination procedures when exiting biocontainment Building 101. * Who have been in biocontainment must observe a self-imposed quarantine, meaning they cannot be around livestock, zoos or circuses for 5 days after coming out of
biocontainment. (This does not include dogs and cats.) "
... but,
"In October 1991, all operation and maintenance activities were privatized, transferring to a contractor (under USDA supervision) all personnel involved in these activities. Currently the operations and maintenance of the PIADC are conducted through a contract with LB&B Associates, Inc., headquartered in Columbia, Md. LB&B is a minority, woman-owned business."

@_date: 2001-11-23 23:28:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Biowar in CT and NY 
References: The New York anthrax death occurred about 30 miles west
of Plum Island, in The Bronx, which is located at the western
end of Long Island Sound. The Oxford, CT death is about
10 miles northwest of Plum Island, near the Long Island
Sound coast.
No other federal laboratory dealing with hazardous virii
is as close to these death locations as PIADC. Virii are
regularly shipped into and out of the Center; the Center boasts of how carefully the dangerous transport is monitored. Photos at the Center's Web site show an African-American deliveryman carrying bio-hazard packages. Most of the other personnel in the Center's photos are pinkish, but that could be a coincidence.  Wonder where that deliveryman lives,
Harlem, The Bronx? In a shack among millionaires in the Hamptons? Does he have grievances? Would he be an admirer of Malcolm X?
Who is LB&B, operator of Plum Island? All the gov personnel
were assigned to the firm when the operation was privatized.
The firm is doing $B business with federal agencies from DoD to NASA to gov contractors all around the nation. Must have lots of high-tech immigrants working for justice and fair play.
And maybe some former gov employees not altogether happy
with the new bosses financial affairs.
Couldn't find a Web site for LB&B on Google, but dozens of citations for work with others as "small business" partners.
Wonder if the firm does work for the Postal Service?

@_date: 2001-11-24 09:32:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Biowar in CT and NY 
References: The operator of Plum Island Animal Disease Center,
LB&B Associates, is a facilities manager firm which has
contracts with the USG for numerous operations around
the nation. In addition to the Plumb Island facility, it operates an unidentified federal facility in Trenton, NJ, the reported origin of several of the anthrax letters.
It holds government contracts for "hot" facilities for viral research, claiming extensive experience with up to Level 3 facilities and is under consideration as operator of Plum Island's
upgrade to Level 4 for research on human-animal viruses.
A Plum Island job ad says "many employees live in Connecticut and take the ferry from New London to Orient Point, NY" from which a Center boat goes to the island. The most recent anthrax death occurred a few miles from New London, CT.
The firm as had several labor relations problems such as
employee suits and unionization squabbles. It is fiercely
anti-union according to one report. Another report claims
it has continuing labor problems which has led to being
downgraded in government bids.
The firm also produces virtual military training programs
in urban warfare and aircraft operation. It received a lot of
press coverage for adopting and adapting Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Rogue Spear game engine for military training The firm also operates military helicopter facilities and
services the aircraft.
LB&B stands for Lily Brandon and Brandon, the founder and
a relative.

@_date: 2001-11-24 12:35:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: HDCP break and DMCA 
Yes, it would be interesting to hear from all the authors how they
decided to publish the HDCP crack, first at a recent conference, then
to publish on the Web -- as far as I know none besides Scott Crosby,
the principal author, agreed to publish on the Web.
Scott, a student at CMU, first broke HDCP program before Niels Ferguson refused to publish his cryptanalysis of HDCP due to
  Scott said at the time of the initial break that he was fearful then about being punished under DMCA and even more so now. He says he now agrees with Neils to not publish additional cryptanalysis under threat of the DMCA.
It is possible that the HDCP owners don't give a damn for the program
was openly published and there's been no public complaint about
Scott's first crack, Neils or the latest. To be sure, that lack of initiative
might be due to fear of cyberterrorism initiated by Richard Clarke
or it may be due to confidence that the FBI will take care of
all the nation's problems in about 150 years.

@_date: 2001-11-27 06:47:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Anonymizing Scam 
There are a variety of ways to anonymize surfing and email
besides anonymizer services and remailers. Government
agencies likely use all these. Reasons for the agencies to use anonymizers and remailers is to learn how they work and to influence operators by purchases, complaints and praise, and to spit in the soup, that is, to raise doubts about the services promises of confidentiality.
The same reasons apply for subscribing to this list, for cultivating
informants, for spoofing identities, for creating dissension
among dissenters, for panicking the populace, for promising
impossible assurance.
Criticism of anonymizers and remailers and this list is a healthy
as criticizing any reputable, and disreputable, private or publice
means of communication.
Fending off criticism by saying past performance and reputation
deserves trust is a hoot and is also a hackneyed reply of someone
who is concealing betrayal, or to put it more politely, has not
yet learned how to earn trust continuously rather than bank it
for unearned profit.
Untested trust is no trust at all. And those who most often promise
trust are not to be trusted, whether highly reputable individual, government of the free world, or very best friend.
Paranoia is no defense against being suckered any more than
being a hermit, and believing you are a trusted insider of a
trustworthy group is suckerdom par excellance.
Dropping your guard: don't. Especially with those of impeccable

@_date: 2001-11-28 19:21:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bell Arguments 
Opening and closing arguments in the Bell trial:
   (Opening)
   (Closing)
Interesting invocation of Cypherpunks by Bell's
attorney, not the prosecutor, in opening arguments.
Quotes Eric Hughes and Tim May.
"Scary" AP stars. Reminds of John Belushi's fearsomeness
to dysfunctional authorities who see themselves in his mirror.

@_date: 2001-10-01 09:53:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Baltimore Digital Commerce Society-- Korhammer on Lava 
But when do we hear about the really important stuff the company
employees learned from 80 feet away, to hell with hearing more online trivia of phonexing the ashes. Not that the lucky CEO knows any of that stupefying experience first hand. Can he offer anything up to date or should another company rep with hands on do the gripping show and tell.
!!Rebuild New York NOT!!

@_date: 2001-10-02 22:02:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: cryptome down ? 
References: <381354DB-B79B-11D5-9404-0050E439C473
There have been a half dozen folks who said today they could
not access Cryptome, but it's accessible from here. And there
are only a half dozen blocks of rampaging bots.
However, we are in the process of switching the archives
to new machines and IP address changes are in the works

@_date: 2001-10-02 22:54:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Congress drafts new "anti-terror" bill -- with expiration  
References: <9pd98u$k4k$2
  <20011001204828.A25935
  <5.0.2.1.1.20011002130702.034e05f0
  <9pd98u$k4k$2
There are numerous changes in PATRIOT from MATA and ATA,
and it has over twice their length. It still uses the same
obfuscation style of burying dozens of proposals as modifications
of existing legislation, making it hard to understand what is
being proposed without jigsaw puzzling the pieces into the legislation being modified to see what the whole picture
will be when assembled. An underhanded method compared
to Leahy's open-book bill.
Creepy to read the massive shutdown planned for the Canadian
border. Canada is surely to scream economic warfare at the US's
pressure to close liberal immigration and civil liberty loopholes --
it doesn't look good for ZKS. What's the assessment within,
To be sure, the US and its iron-maidenish allies are rushing
to close loopholes around the world, and one bad effect of
PATRIOT is for it to be used as a model for other countries
to toe the line and consequent clampdown on security
technologies. And pressure to shut Sealand, perhaps to
require the Bunkers to allow rummaging the precious data.
PATRIOT does just about everything Stewart Baker's Defense
Science Board panel recommended for legal policy to protect US national security, in particular the sharing of domestic
law enforcement, FBI, DoJ and IRS databanks with the military and the spooks and vice versa. Under the Ashcroft plan anyone can be declared by the Attorney General to be a terrorist or a supporter/advisor of terrorism and with that all civil liberities of the targets disappear.
For example, those constitutional rights Tim claimed a hour ago are still in effect in the US. But not if this bill passes. I suspect insulting a cop will become quickly a terrorist's mark of Cain. Much less refusing a National Guard order at the airport. A quick addition of the misbehaver to the US Stasi databank and a lifetime investigation and harassment commences -- or if the target gets Tim-like uppity a hole in the head made by lead or
enforced psychotherapy, totally approved by terrorist-drunk courts of jurisdiction. USA. USA.
Remember, do not say out loud, "fuck that." Think abou it,
then decide to self-suppress for a couple of years, then
a couple more, then more after that. It's a long, long campaign
the leaders warn, just like their predecessors said the main
enemy is within.

@_date: 2001-10-03 05:52:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: cryptome down ? 
References: <15290.39023.217055.371976
  <200110030209.WAA10392
  <381354DB-B79B-11D5-9404-0050E439C473
  <200110030209.WAA10392
At the moment it appears that Verio's DNS server failed to
register cryptome.org as a valid domain name, whereas
jya.com was. We've placed an order to correct that.
We had ordered that the two domains be put on two different
boxes, geographically distant, to avoid both sites going
down if one was knocked out. Hey, there's WMD about
called PATRIOT.
However, now I learn that Verio uses one DNS server for the two boxes so an attacker needs only to throw one stone to kill both our birds. Grrr. That is what we wanted to avoid.
A smart sales rep assured me that this was the way to
go, after I had placed two orders for two machines to keep
them separate. No need for that he said, let me tell you
a better way. No doubt my simple-minded security method would have been breached by some Verio setup based on its own Japanese government spying principles, which is to say I can't escape being terrorized by Ashcroft.
What's the connection among Code Red, Nimda and

@_date: 2001-10-03 17:05:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WTC Crime Scene 
Today I managed to walk around the stupefying WTC
disaster site for half an hour, doing what a serious professional would be doing: taking dozens of careful photographs of the ruins. Then an NYC cop asked to see my authorization to
be photographing a crime scene. I said nobody told me not to. He said come with me, and told a captain who asked how the fuck did you get in here. I said I just walked in, nobody stopped me. Captain checked my ID and my tale about safety-surveying the neighborhood
as a volunteer, and said escort this guy off the scene. Then I was handed over to the State Police who had
me repeat my reason for being there, took my fancy
digital camera, looked at the photos and bygod erased
all of them. Then I was handed over to the National
Guard who is in charge of perimeter security, and I
again had to explain that I just walked in, that there
were no barriers and no guards the way I came.
While that was happening two dozen victim families
were escorted to the site to stare at the devastation, carrying flowers, weeping, holding each other, some
stumbling, looking as if walking into hell -- which it
truely is. Shit.
I got my name put in a database and a warning to not come back or face arrest. I said thank you and did
not even for a second think to say fuck off for which you may shit on me.
Now the help I need is how to recover the erased
images from the Compact Flash memory chip. Norton's unerase detects no remnants of the JPG images. I would really appreciate pointers on how to reclaim the images: they show godawful stuff I've not seen published anywhere else. No human
remains as far as I can tell just dumbfounding acres
of what used to be and the giant machines and
tiny workers trying to untangle it.
If anybody can tell me how to get the images restored I'll be immensely grateful -- technique or a program
to buy. And I'll put the images on the Web as soon as reborn. They are high res images, 1MB or so each, and should be gruesomely spectacular, if only they can be unerased. Crime scene indeed.
What I admired was the grandstand set up by the Port
Authority for distinguished visitors to survey the
spectacle and be televised saying how awful it is
and how much money is need to rebuild New York
and what must be done to prevent this ever happening
again. That grandstand looked like the crime scene to me.

@_date: 2001-10-03 20:17:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WTC Recovered 
References: <200110032112.RAA12063
All 75 WTC photos today were recovered, using a $30.00 program called Photorescue from DataRescue, a Belgian company, grabbed online. Many thanks for quick pointers to a slew of such programs.
My panicky state and lack of Googling was due to learning
the photos had been deleted by Smokey only after getting home.
I had thought my obsequy had kept the camera and memory
chip from being confiscated. While being mesmerized by
a hypnotic Lady Smokey reading me Miranda, crimson nails
caressing her massive Beretta, luscious full lips mouthing me rights beyond ... Gent Smokey was deleting my reason for
obeying every command in the vicinity to escape losing the
data. Then at home I opened an empty directory, and the rest you know.
Thanks, thanks. Now to compress these 1 MB buggers into
transferrable size. They look fantastic in all senses, but
not due to any talent, it's all the camera and its amazing
memory chip.
Listen, if you don't have a digital camera with a maximum
size Compact Flash, you don't know what it is to get a
perfect picture every snap. With a 192MB chip you can
take a 150 or so high res images, and are they beautiful,
even to an idiot. The camera is a Nikon CoolPix 880, and
there are later, better models from Nikon and others.
The 192MB chip can also allow you to swallow all your secret
files, or use it to run your most secret programs and store invaluable files ready to flee the crime scene blasted naked with it up your pucker, which is not what occurred to me.

@_date: 2001-10-03 23:06:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WTC Photos 
We're now tranferring the 72 WTC photos to Cryptome at
full resolution, each about 1 MB. Due to the size we would
appreciate a few mirrors being set up before we announce
to ease the load on our new finicky server.
If anyone can handle a collection of about 76MB, send me
a message and I will provide a URL for the package when
it is ready -- probably in an hour or two. Then the mirrors
will be listed with the intro when announced. Brace for a long download of the set unless you got a T1.
The intro explains how the crime scene was snapped. The photographer is not named, thank you for not fingering
to whoever might be probing. Guiliani is very vindictive
about leaks of info about his secret project.

@_date: 2001-10-04 06:54:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WTC Photos Up 
Full size high resolution files:
  Mirror sites:
     (reduced sizes available)
  Other mirrors in the works, and more welcome. Send URLs.

@_date: 2001-10-04 07:03:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WTC Photos Up Correction 
Full size high resolution files:
  Mirror sites:
     (reduced sizes available)
  Other mirrors in the works, and more welcome. Send URLs.

@_date: 2001-10-04 08:50:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WTC Photos 
References: <200110040313.XAA22949
  <200110040313.XAA22949
Agreed that reduced-size images are desirable. One or more of
the mirrors are offering those, Parrhesia for example. We elected to initially offer the full size to not limit what can be offered by others
and to feed those with terabyte maws.
When image downloads jam shut Cryptome, which seems likely soon, we'll de-PATRIOT the bloat.
And if I was *nix-savvy what would I need this suck-palace for.

@_date: 2001-10-04 12:58:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WTC Photos 
Yes, Incognito is correct. But what you need for experiencing
the real thing is this little bag of rainbows which Guiliani and
Pataki and Bush hand out to special visitors. I grabbed a bunch
of these grandiloquenizers from Red Cross which freely dispenses them to the cadaver bits mongerers.
The NY Times reports today how hard it is to get on the WTC
site if you are not a celebrity, a friend of the Mayor or Governor,
or a source of funds to rebuild the profanely sacred site. Not even the press can break the embargo, unless a press celeb.
The terrorism nuttiness extends to the American Institute of Architects who, the Times reports today, is issuing a warning to its members not to disclose building information. I don't
belong to that fruitcake-cartel which is about as courageous
as City and State and Federal officials when it comes to
guarding its nearly worthless information. AIA does only
what it takes to get its members jobs. I tried to do volunteer
work for the local AIA chapter surveying buildings around WTC, but later learned that its program is open only to members seeking paid work at the disaster. I was at the WTC site following a volunteer inspection of
a local terrified office renter who called the AIA for assistance and was given a list of expensive architects whose fees have jumped, and told no volunteers available. Word of
mouth got me. And I got to the WTC for excellent payment.

@_date: 2001-10-04 14:13:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WTC Photos 
References: <318f3b29128f4e75c2d5428c1c991fef
Now we shouldn't overvalorized those working the crime scene.
This is not a war site by any stretch, it's a disaster site and
nobody is getting shot at or threatened by hundreds of officers
and military standing around with their thumbs up. The spin on
this racket does remind of war mongerers, so that is much is
true, but the pornography is by the pols and mongerers.
There are hard workers on the site, doing dirty dangerous work, but not most of the squeaky cleans, saluting one another,
discussing when to take a break, swapping tales of pussy
and liquor, angling for the attention of any camera in sight,
kissing superiors' asses.
The site is way over staffed and equipped, with much of
the staff and stuff unused, again like a war where only
a tiny majority ever risk shit. War stories are pornographic
lies no matter who tells them, and the best lies are told
by police and the military.
Hats off to the few hard workers I saw at WTC, a big Bronx
cheer to the 90% on the site who were there for racking up
points and lurid tales to tell the rubes on- and off-site.
Speaking from one jerk's experience, the officers and soldiers
seemed relieved to have me to deal with. Not much, but better
than hosting the gaggle of celebrities who look through them
until the photo crew are set up, then profuse thanks, then
lights out and off to the limo.
I think the reason Smokey deleted my photos is because I
took no pix of the spic and span uniformed idlers. Shit, I heard
a group of cops discussing what kind of groovy hardhat to
wear, what kind of flags to costume in. Paratroopers halting
a cute female officer, raining her with a bevy of different salutes until she rushed away red-faced.
Even so, I thanked every officer I dealt with for their
sacrifices. No bullshit, having been a soldier the terror
comes in a instant, and waiting for years doing nothing doesn't make it less so. Waiting for hell to break is what these folks
do for a living. And I appreciate that protection. It is easy
for me not to insult them in the NYC daily economic war Still, I don't want them insulting me, telling me what a
piece of shit I am. Think about it, Joe, what you hiding.

@_date: 2001-10-05 12:24:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WSJ Knocks Online Anonymity 
Walter Mossberg, WSJ technology columnist, wrote
yesterday about the need for the Internet coming to be treated like other forms of communication, that now
is the time for its special treatment to end. He said
to get rid of pseudonyms and anonymity, that people
need to own up to who they are. Implied that national
security is at stake.
Weird, for Mossberg is usually level-headed, and the
WSJ has recently been fairly critical of the power grab
of the Bush government in the name of national
You might think Mossberg has had a personal problem
with anonymous criticism. Or lost a loved one in the
recent tragedy. Or just wanted to take a swing at
nobodies to strut his courage, bygod, courage to
demand the world be safe and secure like it used
to be before the Internet.
Or maybe he got outed for using WSJ's servers,
or his wife's PC, to eat some lonely guy porn.

@_date: 2001-10-06 09:07:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WTC Collapse Alternative 
What is odd about the WTC debris is how few larger fragments of concrete it contains. Reports on the structure say reinforced concrete was used for floor slabs and customarily in demolition such material breaks apart in relatively large chunks, the broken concrete remaining attached by steel reinforcing bars or wire mesh. However, there is a structural design where plain concrete is placed on metal floor decking with little or no reinforcing. Also, lightweight concrete, whose course aggregate is cinder rather than stone, is often used to limit the weight of the structure, especially
in high-rise building. This lightweight material does not usually have the strength of regular concrete and strength is provided by metal decking below it. The large amount of dust produced by the towers' collapse and the relative lack of larger concrete shards raise the possibility that the building disintegrated at least in part due to lesser strength of the type of concrete used in the floors. That remains to be examined.
Observation of the towers' remains show that while main steel vertical structural members of the exterior wall and central core withstood the collapse, the horizontal floor-supporting trusses broke away from these vertical supports at the points of attachment (probably made by welding). One view of the North Tower (1 WTC) shows the exterior and core remnants and the ruptured points
of floor structure attachment. Photos:         What this suggests is the possibility that the structure of each floor collapsed due to load of collapsing floors above them, and that only afterwards did the vertical supports at the exterior and core collapse. Review of video of the collapse appears to confirm this sequence as well as the consequent supposition that the floor structure was the weakest part of the buildings

@_date: 2001-10-07 09:36:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WTC Collapse Alternative 
It would not take a lot of explosives to breakaway an entire floor
constructed with steel joists like WTC; it is often done in planned demolitions with a small charge placed at each joist support --
customarily a shelf angle either continuous or segmented.
What would do it though without explosives is the twisting torque and vertical flexing in the tower tubes caused by an aircraft hitting off center of the tower's axis at 300 mph. Survivors tell of the tower swaying several feet, but they are not likely to have perceived the torque as such. The hit on the South Tower (the second hit) was more off center than that on the North Tower.
Tall buildings are designed with some torque resistance against
turbulent weather and earthquake but probably not for torque coupled with high impact. The WTC towers were made of two tubes, the exterior wall system (the more flexible) and the interior core (the more rigid), the two tubes connected by light-weight floor structures and at about 1/3 intervals, heavy-weight transfer and mechanical equipment angles welded to vertical supports. These angles are designed to
support vertical loads not much twisting.
The joists could have lost their support by tower twisting of no more than a few inches, the shelf angle welding beads popping, or the joists slipping off the angles that did not break loose (as photos
show many did not).
If the floor slab concrete was not reinforced it would have crumbled
easily under torque. Again, most building structure is designed to
resist vertical loading not substantial twisting. (Structural connections are designed to resist relatively minor twisting caused by static
and dynamic loading.)
There is a valid question of why the buildings did not collapse immediately if floor structures were damaged and serial pancaking set in motion.
The raging fires surely contributed to further weakening of the
building structure, but probably due to adverse effect on floor structures
and in particular on the light-weight shelf-angle welded connections between the floor system and the heavy-weight vertical supports.
It is at these connections that demolition designers place light-weight
charges, as well as heavy-weight cutting charges on vertical supports.
For comparison, a WTC shelf angle may be 1/2 to 3/4 inches thick welded with a bead about the same while a vertical columnon WTC could average 2-3 inches thick, increasing in thickness from top to
The WTC designers claim the buildings were capable of withstanding
a 727 hit, asserted at original building and after the 1993 bombing.
But the design criteria for that protection have not been published
so it cannot be determined what crash scenario was used for design.

@_date: 2001-10-08 19:35:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: More on Anthrax cases at publishing company in Florida 
References: <4.3.2.7.2.20011008131605.02c52c10   >
Tim May sigged:
That is pretty funny, to let DNA determine which is which.
NYC has announced plans for a huge new DNA analysis center
as if calamity is to become a normal part of Fun City. Not that
that is news, heretofore Potter's Field took the anonymous
cadavers. Now Fresh Kills gets what is left over after DNA
FBI Tent City at Fresh Kills is the first rebuilding of New York,
the DNA Center the second.

@_date: 2001-10-08 23:24:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RIAA Secret Meeting 
References: <20010824164400.19437.qmail
Anonymous reports on a secret meeting of RIAA:
   "On Thursday October 4 there was a closed-door RIAA meeting at the
Ritz-Carlton, which was 'a direction setting' meeting. The individuals of
note attending were:
  Hillary Rosen - RIAA Chief
  Steve Heckler - Sony Music
  Strauss Zelnick - BMG
  Edgar Bronfman - Universal
  Gerald Levin - AOL Time-Warner
  Ken Berry - EMI
  Leonardo Chiariaglione - SDMI Chair (Leaving Soon)
  Francis Jones - Codex Data Systems
  Fritz Hollings - Senator
  Ted Stevens - Senator
  Michael Eisner - Disney CEO
  Jack Valenti - President, MPAA
  Andy Grove - Intel CEO
  Lou Gerstner - IBM
  Yoishi Morishita - CEO Matsushita
  Tsutomo Kawata - CEO Toshiba
  Jay Berman - IFPI Chair
  Paul England - Microsoft Advanced Cryptography research group
One particularly disturbing fact is that Codex Data System's DIRT software is supposed to be restricted to law enforcement agencies, yet the RIAA, MPAA, and IFPI have all purchased it, and use it routinely to monitor servers which are suspected of infringing content, yet are password protected such as servers which require one to sign up for a password account like hotline servers
that have no guest download."

@_date: 2001-10-09 19:55:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Fwd: [free-sklyarov] Fwd: Smell Test for a Certain 
We've asked the source to provide authentication for the RIAA
meeting, and asked as well The Register reporter who reported about the meeting on October 8 apparently based on a similar message. No answer to either request so far. We've added a note about authenticity to the file on Cryptome and are adding reader responses as well. Hal's will go there.
On person wrote that an alleged attendee of the meeting left the
organization cited a year ago. Another wrote that an attendee
was asked about the meeting who denied there was a
Still, we've encountered disavowals and smoke in connection
with other controversial docs, so it's wait a while for now
and let folks decide for themselves -- our customary practice.
When Hilary Rosen or Senator Hollings responds that they
don't beat their mates then we'll have a definitive answer.

@_date: 2001-10-09 21:14:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NATO Bails Out USA 
DoD has announced that NATO is sending five AWACS to
help protect the skies of military-poor USA. Now is this a
variation on the UKUSA helping each other avoid violating
domestic law against homeland spying and fast disappearing
posse comitatus?

@_date: 2001-10-10 09:55:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RIAA secret meeting memo fake 
References: We're pursuing the matter though Tony Smith at the Register
seems to be washing his hands of it. And we have asked a couple
of wizards help check out the source of the messages we have
received, now two -- the latest last evening (with a possibility
the source is a provocateur of the infotainment industry aiming
for sympathy legislation).
Here's our latest message to our always trustworthy source:
Response to your message last evening:
The Register has today recanted its story about the RIAA meeting.
How do you want to handle this now? Ready to be named,
your full messages published on Cryptome, or do you want
to provide substantiation for your messages and keep your
identity concealed? Or perhaps another thoughtful approach
to loft this story to a higher level. Interest will be high for a few
more hours -- or many days if you come through with authentic evidence. Want to talk on the phone, be on TV with a mask, then fax us your meeting notes for one of the prime participants, provide proof of employment with a media corporation. All as easily done as this message.
Tel: 212-873-8700
Fax: 212-787-6102
We get sucker punched occasionally and don't mind for it allows
respondents to critique and smoke out phonies, which has long
been big business, name your titans of fakery in all fields, not
least entertainment, media, gov, mil and intel.
Indeed, without sophisticated fakery, deception, disinformation,
lying, cheating, exploitation of the yokels, lying about the truth, this list would have little reason to exist, not to say a huge swatch of the globe's economy, led, yes, yes, by the USA USA.
Valenti claims the interests of the USA USA are identical to MPAA
MPAA, and why not RIAA RIAA and the supplicants for billions
like NY NY.

@_date: 2001-10-10 12:45:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US Food Aid Propaganda 
This is the kind of statement that deserves reporting among the 250,000 tips the FBI has received on its finger-a-terrorist website Fucking traitors always disclose the classified bottom line math behind the body counts.

@_date: 2001-10-10 19:28:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Register: RIAA secret meeting a hoax. 
References: <008f01c151c7$db535d60$6b8d1d18
  <008f01c151c7$db535d60$6b8d1d18
Has anyone seen one of the full messages from the source
of the meeting story other than Tony Smith, me and one other
party which was cc'ed on mine? That's not to say Tony got the one I got -- he has not answered my inquiry to him yesterday.
There are fascinating parts of my message that haven't come
to light -- yet. We'll publish all the messages with the tracking
headers we've got it if we can prove the information is false. Which Tony Smith didn't do beyond being, apparently, buffaloed by disclaimers that are standard smoke for shenanigans, at least as far as his retraction went. Could be he's blowing smoke to cover his own looking more closely at the matter.
Hal's Finney's critique was pretty good, but I assume it was
based on the information that has been made public. Tony Smith
didn't report stuff in the message I got, again not that we
got the same message. Nor did he report the results of a
follow-up from his source if he asked for it.
What we have done with a bit of technical tracking and matching
time data is get within one or two boxes of the source, ID'ed an unusual browser type, the operating system, some other yadda log file stuff.
Fingering the source is the last thing to do, and then only if the
episode was rigged by RIAA or other alleged attendees.
No need to beat up on Smith, there are so many blandly
verifiable stories published that it's refreshing to see one that
remains disputably interesting.  Sorry to see his retraction
just when the topic gets interesting.  Hope he digs up more
on why the story was spread rather than duck the spin

@_date: 2001-10-11 11:08:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tracking the RIAA Source 
Thanks to help from a person here we have developed a
likely source for the RIAA meeting messages, and at the
moment it appears likely Safeweb was used to send the messages as well as check on the Cryptome file.
Safeweb appears to dynamically assign addresses to users,
though within a limited range which might be set by the location
of the user, but we are not sure of that. Indeed, if Safeweb
does not cloak location by avoiding a predictable range that
would be a serious weakness. But we need to test that.
Safeweb is, at least in part, hosted by the giant ISP Abovenet,
home-based in San Jose, CA, with facilities all around the
US and overseas. To help us triangulate a likely location
from which the messages were sent we need to log accesses
to Cryptome from a variety of US and overseas locations.
For example I get the same range of addresses as those of the RIAA messages and file accesses by logging in from New York
City to Safeweb.com then using Safeweb to request a Cryptome file. What I don't know is whether those same addresses would
be used from other physical locations around the world.
For anybody who wants to risk giving away their own location
I ask that accesses be made from the Safeweb.com from any location in the world to a fictitious file on Cryptome:
  Replace xxxxxxx with a clue to your location, say, texas, germany,
whereever I could identify.
The request will generate an error code and an originating address
from Safeweb which I can use to compare to what I've got for
the RIAA messages and for NYC. Presumably Safeweb will cloak
your actual IP address.
Let me emphasize that I do not yet believe the source was
perpetrating a hoax, or if so whether the hoax was run to
benefit RIAA which is the current outcome. My intention is not to out the source if the leak is legitimate, but I damn well want to broadcast it if RIAA, its friends or a TLA cooked up the ruse.
Declan has jumped the gun on assigning blame here, apparently
doing little more checking than Tony Smith. But hell that
snotty Net competition at its best: fire, aim, oh, the safety was

@_date: 2001-10-11 13:11:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tracking the RIAA Source 
several overseas, the same range of IP addresses
were used. Which makes sense if all users logged into
the same Safeweb home page and from there logged
onto Cryptome. A few users logged in from their own
addresses just before or after using Safeweb for
No triangulation with that method.
One thing my co-cpunk found by pinging Safeweb is that
the last couple of hops were in the NYC area:
13  lga1-ord2-oc48-2.lga1.above.net (208.185.156.158)  112.562 ms  111.984
ms  112.53 ms
14  core2-lga1-oc192.lga2.above.net (208.184.232.198)  114.423 ms  113.431
ms  112.688 ms
15  main1colo45-core2-oc48.lga2.above.net (216.200.127.174)  113.138 ms
113.855 ms  111.581 ms
16  208.184.48.189.safeweb.com (208.184.48.189)  113.78 ms  115.876 ms
113.534 ms
17  64.124.150.130.safeweb.com (64.124.150.130)  112.797 ms  112.937 ms
112.228 ms
This is on the assumption that "lga2" refers to "La Guardia,"
but that is not certain for the tag may have nothing to do with
physical location. However other above.net hops used airport
If you would like to ping Safeweb we would appreciate getting
the logs for comparison. Just be alert to this being a scam to snarf
your true identity, so leave off the first hop if you like, or just send in
last four or five hops leading up to Safeweb.
The IP addresses of 64.124.150.130 et seq. is what we are tracking, but note the other Safeweb address in the ping log. So we would like to get any
fresh safeweb addresses in ping logs beyond this range and altogether
different domains:
  64.124.150.130 - 64.124.150.144

@_date: 2001-10-11 19:50:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: skyfall, sheepdip, fanshit 
Why beat around the Bush, the purpose of the press release
was to hype Bush's press conference tonight. Somebody
at the FBI was annoyed at having to cook up a dramatic
press release about nothing purely for show. Skyfall's a kissing cousin of Carnivore, that is to say, if you don't get that these names are used to embarrass upstairs assholes you don't deserve to know the truth.
It's like the FBI affidavit on the key logging system (KLS)
in the Scarfo case where a senior official is trucked in to
swear to something he knows little about in order to
convince the judge that withholding information is
necessary. The official's subordinates LTAO at the
turkey's gobbling the facts.
"Skyfall" like Carnivore, like KLS, like Infinite Justice, tells a truth of bureacracies indeed all large organizations, say, like the City of New York, that the titular leaders know only to puke in the prime minister's lap when

@_date: 2001-10-11 20:29:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tracking the RIAA Source 
References: <200110111514.LAA18038
  <200110111514.LAA18038
But Declan, are you saying your word about checking
is to be believed? I didn't see your proof. How is your position not a hoax? Names and dates and documents
to back them or you're a fucking lying hoaxer.
Did you ask to see any of the RIAA messages, and if so,
did you see them. You didn't ask me what might be
in the ones I got, if there were others (there are), if this is a campaign run by RIAA to create sympathy,
or some other vile deed much worse than a trivial
hoax which seems to beguile overmuch. Why the rush to judgment to believe "people who allegedly
were there?" Where's your healthy skeptcism of these
people. None of the persons listed in the message are
trustworthy if you're not in their loop. Are you in their
loop, then you got a problem vouching for what they
told you. You slimey suckup, you boy with cute eyes.
you, you, Brad Pitt.
Were you so blinded by the desire to whack your competition
that you failed to see a genuine story -- which has yet to
researched and reported? Why the eagerness to wash your
hands, as with Tony Smith, to not follow the lead handed
to you. Why not do an truly original interesting story, you, you recycler.
Let me give you some pointers on getting why getting sucker punched works, compared to getting fat-headed
on inside dope. You need more punchdrunkenness to
offset your condescending pretentiousness. Grow half
a beard. Chop a finger. And stop grinning so much. Take the sucker punches for they give you a look at the enemy not available by a frank and earnest confab. Truth
comes out by hammer blows not by popping zits.
You have performed worse than The Register on this,
I opine from this pinnacle of Absolom. And you are now using delphic putdowns to beg the important issue -- which is why do reporters run from really brusing
challenges yet brag about the creampufferies of,
what else, free speech (spit). A hoax is not worth the time it takes to debunk it, they are every where. More interesting is what's behind the RIAA orchestrated deception kind. If guys like you, offal meisers, did a good job there would be no need for us purehearted bottom-feeders where the repugant action takes place and where you never know for sure who's out to plant false info -- you've done that with me more than once. You, you American.
This is the word of Jehovah Allah, so watch your fucking

@_date: 2001-10-12 07:18:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RIAA Safeweb Ping  
Based some three dozen pings of Safeweb IP address 64.124.150.130
from locations in the US and overseas, all pings conclude with these
5 or 6 hops:
  lga1-lhr3-stm64.lga1.above.net (64.125.31.182)  (New York, NY)
  core2-lga1-oc192.lga2.above.net (208.184.232.198)  (New York, NY)
  main1colo45-core2-oc48.lga2.above.net (216.200.127.174)  (New York, NY)
About half the pings timed out before the last hop at:
  208.184.48.173.safeweb.com (San Jose, CA)
A few hit a "private" address after 208.184.48.173:
  10.100.0.2 (no location)
before ending at:
  64.124.150.130.safeweb.com (San Jose, CA)
The station locations were provided by trace route program
Interpretation is needed for:
1. How much about the Safeweb stations is true and how much cloaking.
2. Why some pings timed out and others didn't.
3. Phantom station 10.100.0.2
4. Whether the San Jose hops actually go to San Jose or are spoofed.
5. Why go to New York then hop across the continent unless the
last hops are just administrative not physical.
6. How is cloaking done on addresses and physical locations
Is cloaking done by a Safeweb program, say by address spoofer or by phantom proxies, or is there a way to do this by special agreement with Network Central (whatever that is), say, as Intel Web and other classified systems covertly use the Web.
Recall that Safeweb was selected for financial support by the
CIA so intel officers could use it to cloak their Net use. And other
programs such as Onion make use of sub-Net features not easily
available to the surface user.
Now, onto news of the RIAA leaker (not yet a proven hoaxer despite
Declan, RIAA and friends hoaxing that).
We received a third message yesterday from the alleged source of the RIAA allegations who was pissed at our attempts to trace
the source. Use of Safeweb was admitted. Angry words were
hurled at us. Allegations were made that parties have been
punished for the leak though not the leaker who fears that
information about the traces could be used for that. Here's
our response:
October 11, 2001
I very much appreciate your concern. I have stated publicly
that I do not yet believe there has been a hoax and that the source of the messages will not be disclosed if the messages can be shown to be legitimate.  Not that I have any hard information
on who you are. And don't need to know who you are so long
as your information is reliable. Hell, it doesn't have to be reliable
just provocative and unsettling.
Right now there is a push on by a host of people to promote that the messages are a hoax, and if they prevail RIAA will be the main beneficiary. And a great story becomes a bore.
It is to head off that win by RIAA, to avoid giving them improved
protection against future abuses as a result of the alleged hoax, that I wish to get from you information that will demonstrate there was no hoax. Again without putting you in jeopardy.
In a tough fight like this RIAA and its supporters will do whatever
they can to smear and deny your revelations. That's the
way it is, so fighting back is the only answer to prevent an
RIAA win by default as result of your valiant effort.
Listen, this very thing happens every time we put up a
controversial document, and your protection is paramount,
but opponents of publication will fight like hell to deny
the truth. But you surely know that. Now is when the
going gets tough. You need to decide how to avoid losing
this battle, losing your reputation and the whole shebang.
I say come forth with proof of the meeting and comments
made, provide it through a secure channel to protect your
identity. But don't let this story die a useless death.
Tony Smith ducked and ran. Not here, the story stays on
Cryptome, along with the story of what happened after
your account was published. Disinformation is as good
as information, maybe better. But if you want to abandon what you started, I'll understand
and wait for the next opportunity to buck the fuckers.

@_date: 2001-10-12 12:43:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Anthrax #4 reported in NYC, NBC employee 
No shit. Survey says most doctors and clinics are incapable of
diagnosing Anthrax infection. How long the buggers have been
around cannot be determined. But diagnoses will surely rise
as medical staff gear up for the threat, along with false positives,
alarms, backtracks, and all the learning curve stuff.
Did DefSec Bill Cohen survive his innoculation against Anthrax?
Was it a real shot or a specially protected plane ride to show the
American people courage of their leaders.
If you think you've never been infected with Anthrax take the
high profile test, soon to be available on the street corner.
MSNBC fercrhissakes competing with the supermarket
tabloids, as if hoaxing a Declone.
But don't expect more peephole toilets for lesbos or Ricans to stop pissing on your 5th Avenue rosebeds.

@_date: 2001-10-13 05:32:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RIAA Safeweb Proxy ID 
Thanks to SC:
[SC's IP address replaced by xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx]
I've tuned in late to the riaa/safeweb thing, but I'm chiming in with my bit.
Tracing from safeweb is an interesting exercise; the geography is
very typical of the internet backbone and the router hops packets
I wrote a script to mail all possible headers from a connecting
browser to myself. I installed it on my server
   and then connected from Safeweb. This anonymizer uses a caching proxy server, listening for
connections on several IPs; it preserves client headers while
obviously changing the IP of the originating connection; it preserves
many of the originating headers; it adds some new headers. Here's the output:
DATE_LOCAL..........Saturday, 13-Oct-2001 01:22:45 EDT
HTTP_ACCEPT..........image/gif, image/x-xbitmap, image/jpeg,
image/pjpeg, application/vnd.ms-powerpoint, application/vnd.ms-excel,
application/msword, */*
HTTP_IF_MODIFIED_SINCE..........Sat, 13 Oct 2001 05:15:44 GMT;
DATE_GMT..........Saturday, 13-Oct-2001 05:22:45 GMT
HTTP_USER_AGENT..........Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows
NT 5.0)
HTTP_VIA..........1.0 anongo.com:3128 (Squid/2.3.STABLE3)
The last one in the list is the flavour of proxy they use:
  Squid/2.3.stable3
And the DNS name of the source box for the HTTP request
is anongo.com, which I don't believe showed up in your trace logs. Basically a caching proxy server's header set.
The authoritative name servers for anongo.com are   ns3.above.net
 redirects to Safeweb. The boxes are standard
unix/apache with ssl. They have written scripts to replace the
originating address header and keep track of the connection, receive
requested files to their cache, and then serve from that cache to
your browser.
The machines would absolutely be configured to do sophisticated
logging; there is no free lunch on the net. While they appear to do a
nice job, their server logs would be a goldmine. Everyone who uses a
commercial web browser agrees to have their information gathered the
first time they use that browser - do you want to continue? When you
say yes, you mean it!

@_date: 2001-10-13 09:43:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Anongo is DoD Domain 
=== VisualRoute report on 13-Oct-01 9:39:35 AM ===
Real-time report for anongo.com [215.104.228.144] (80% done)
Analysis: IP packets are being lost past network "Qwest Communications" at
hop 13. There is insufficient cached information to determine the next
network at hop 14.

@_date: 2001-10-13 10:05:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Safeweb Hotmail Question 
Safeweb principally offers web browsing anonymity.
Our source for the RIAA meeting allegations used a
hotmail address which resolved to a Safeweb IP
address. However, I don't see on Safeweb's site
an anonymizing mail service. Is there such a service
by Safeweb or does it sell an anonymizing e-mail
The source last wrote that "multiple" Safeweb protection
was used to cloak the messages. Is there a way to chain
Hotmail to Safeweb, or some other way to "multiple"
Safeway protection as preamble to Hotmail?
It would be intriguing to learn that the source is
connected to Safeweb itself, or Safeweb's backers.

@_date: 2001-10-13 10:10:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RIAA Safeweb Proxy ID 
References: <200110131313.f9DDDJf01289
  <200110131313.f9DDDJf01289
It is certainly a strong possibility that the DoD domain listing for Anongo.com is a CIA cover.
215.104.228.144 | anongo.com  | ?Vienna, VA 22183   | DoD Network
Information Center |

@_date: 2001-10-13 17:05:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WH = FBI = VP 
VisualRoute shows that pinging whitehouse.gov produces exactly the same path as pinging fbi.gov, both ending in Los Angeles. Is that where Cheney is holed up in the Getty Combustible Bunker? Sniff the LA impure air, is that La Brea tar or Halliburton grease?
Pinging the WH is will shortly be a terrorist act warns Patriot, so better hurry before the bush hammers john henry.
Anthrac, quack, quack.

@_date: 2001-10-13 18:11:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WH = FBI = VP 
References: <200110132111.RAA16116
  <200110132111.RAA16116
That's correct, the trace legend says for both:
  "It is a HTTP server (running AkamaiGHost)."
But why seemingly terminate in Los Angeles? Is that a cloaking device? Usually when a final hop is blocked VisualRoute reports
the block, but not in these cases. Both traces' final two hops:
209.244.10.42 | gigabitethernet6-0.ipcolo1.LosAngeles1.Level3.net | Los
Angeles, CA | 63.215.64.30 |  | [no location shown] |
209.244.10.42 | gigabitethernet6-0.ipcolo1.LosAngeles1.Level3.net | Los
Angeles, CA | 63.215.64.30 |  | [no location shown] |
The final IP address does not appear in a DNS lookup for either of the .gov domains. Whitehouse.gov pulls up the Executive Office of the President, and fbi.gov an FBI information processing Is that Praha CZ, or Praha AR?

@_date: 2001-10-13 19:09:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WH = FBI = VP 
>
Is it true Bush wears a Kevlar vest when he parades to
and from his chopper for photo ops? All the time he
is in public? Is there a lighter more effective material
than Kevlar, for a sleeping bag on AF1? What protection could possibly be effective during the CN trip what with all the dumb-tech guided missles going berzerk lately?

@_date: 2001-10-14 11:25:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Safeweb Hotmail Question 
References: <200110131411.KAA29044
Thanks for much help in tracing the Safeweb/Hotmail thing.
With some covert tools provided by people who I never want
to cross online, we're proceeding in a special ops mode, deploying dirty trick tracking devices to find, corner and cut off the head of our source, or if source is proven a noble
leaker to hide identity as an unannounced success.
Not sure how I got sucked into this ignoble pursuit, but I blame Declan bin Cullagh and the Bush coupers for demanding handover of heros or pay the ultimate price
of dying alive in DC.

@_date: 2001-10-14 20:07:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: stupid anthrax q: would microwaving your snail mail help? 
References: <200110142259.f9EMxRB33402
For spread of communicable diseases manuals:
ANTHRAX.MIL.                           NS    NS01.ARMY.MIL.
NS01.ARMY.MIL.                         A     140.153.43.44
ANTHRAX.MIL.                           NS    NS02.ARMY.MIL.
NS02.ARMY.MIL.                         A     192.82.113.7
domain:        ANTHRAX.MIL
desc:          USAMISSA-SAT
auth:          MAIL-FROM HOSTMASTER at NIC.MIL
tech-c:        HOSTMASTER-PER
admin-c:       HOSTMASTER-PER
changed:       hostmaster at nic.mil 20011011
source:        DoDNIC
person:        DoD, Hostmaster address:       7990 Science Applications Court
address:       MS CV-50
phone:         (800) 365-3642
e-mail:        HOSTMASTER at NIC.MIL
nic-hdl:       HOSTMASTER-PER
changed:       hostmaster at nic.mil 20011010
source:        DoDNIC

@_date: 2001-10-15 13:52:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RIAA wants to be able to hack "online pirates" 
Declan's most provocative report confirms a point made
on October 8 by the leaker of the alleged RIAA secret meeting, which was not reported by The Register:
Quote: One particularly disturbing fact is that Codex Data System's DIRT software is supposed to be restricted to law enforcement agencies, yet the RIAA, MPAA, and IFPI have all purchased it, and use it routinely to monitor servers which are suspected of infringing content, yet are password protected such as servers which require one to sign up for a password account like hotline servers that have no guest download.

@_date: 2001-10-15 14:05:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Schneier on Stego, Dead Drops, bin Laden 
Bruce is indeed commendable for his crypto advocacy,
though he's backed off from that in recent years now
claiming  dependable security is possible only by the service he sells.
In his latest Crypto-Gram he applauds Bush, says
the US has got to learn to live with terrorism, that
there is no way to prevent it, just learn to be cautious
and careful of ever changing threats, and follow the
leadership of those who know what's what, again the way he talks about wise and realistic computer security.
Unfortunately for Bruce's once sterling reputation he
sounds more and more like a scare mongerer strictly
pumping up the protection racket.
Indeed, his promo for his firm now clouds his opinions,
although he may be suffering coercion of his investors,
call that economic terrorism, though Bruce cautions
the word is terribly overused for trivial annoyances
like those of investors hounding you to meet expectations.
What can you do with a mature professional no longer
free to do what he likes, pressured to beat the upstarts
and gray hairs, why make him a prestigous spokesperson for an industy, recycle his outpouring of advice. Don't get me wrong, this is not about Whit Diffie.

@_date: 2001-10-15 22:55:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Kill Killfile 
References: <7665F15B-C1D1-11D5-9C6B-0050E439C473
Any message with the word kill in it needs killfiling.
Sir, USA, USA.

@_date: 2001-10-16 07:42:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Kill Killfile 
References: Yes, I'm squeamish about the word k*lling due to that USA USA thing, the citizen k*lling Act and the official-patriotic k*llings raging overseas and vengeful biowar retribution starting at K*lling mobs k*ll for insane reasons. So I'm doing my best not to offend itchy fingers unnecessarily, especially not yours Tim. Trash talk their beliefs, sure, but not at a time when murder is officially sanctioned and payback passion arising.
Sir, I say, to those who yearn to k*ll.

@_date: 2001-10-16 10:12:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Saudi Intercepts 
Seymor Hersh writes in the October 22 New Yorker about
extensive NSA intercepts of high level Saudi communications
which frankly own up to massive corruption among the hard-whoring 5,000 princes and anthrax-snorting co-criminals, with a big chunk of the pork-bloodied money going to America's most wanted and US-oil-subsidized potbellied piggie.
Not online yet at newyorker.com, but perhaps soon elsewhere.
If Hersh got to hear the intercepts for his detailed accounts
that could get his anonymous source disappeared (no,
not k*lled).

@_date: 2001-10-16 12:02:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Comints Saudi Pigs 
Sy Hersh's report on NSA echeloning Royal Saudi pigs:

@_date: 2001-10-16 20:06:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Martial law supposedly implemented in the US 
References: <5.1.0.14.2.20011016155542.045a0ba0
Ratchet indeed. Declan posted elsewhere a blurb from
a law journal which links the recent wahoo of a federal
prosecutor in the Western District of Washington to Carl
Johnson and "Assassination Politics." The article
cited three sources on the DoJ web site, two of which
do indeed allege CJ's implementation of AP, if not
directly then by god by wahooing, as does the law
journal. WWA is a hothouse for homeland wahoo.
Jessica Stern, a Harvard wahoo expert, who has
extensively interviewed Jim Bell but was never called
as a witness in his recent trial, is now disclosing to
inquiring journalists the contents of her interviews with homeland wahoos. Expect Jim, AP, CJ and
a few others to get ratcheted right smartly to meet
fervent demand for wahoo incrimination.
If you haven't euthanized everything you've got on
wahoo, think about it.

@_date: 2001-10-16 20:46:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Safeweb on Anongo 
Safeweb has provided an explanation for why its
Anongo.com has a DoD IP address:
  Other peculiarities of Anongo are not accounted
The description in the same message of Safeweb's policy for storing users' surfing data and responding to subpoenas will likely raise eyebrows even higher than Anongo whereever that is.

@_date: 2001-10-17 14:22:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [NEWS] FBI To Require ISPs To Reconfigure E-mail Systems  
I believe this report refers to FBI guidelines being worked out with telecommunication carriers described in here:
  Original date of compliance with these guidelines was
September 24, 2001, but the FCC granted an extension
to a time to be set for each service provider in consultation with the FBI. That FCC order is with the the file above.
This should not diminish the fact that Stewart Baker is
a lying son of a bitch about why his clients came to him,
in accord with best legal ethics, and which has got him
featured on the citizen wahoo watch list. Mitch Kapor, I dunno, he's not on the citizen list but maybe the TLA's wahoo list.
Getting wahooed to gain entrance to inner circles is fun
stuff until it dawns there's no exit from being watched very carefully for betrayal except by extreme wahoo. Baker is one of the messengers about this intended Oversight committees have learned to live with this
official terrorism as Bruce recommends for all us
based on his experience.
Exception to the rule: Whit Diffie.

@_date: 2001-10-17 19:01:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Kill Killfile 
This comes up regularly, Seth, I may have said it myself,
but don't remember, having seen the charge laid here
so often about all sorts of upper IQ interesting people. Tim, ever different than most, never denies it, never affirms it, just keeps writing and raging about what he's good at. Nobody who appreciates the sine curve quality of imaginative
literature on cpunks will be surprised as what comes of this best seller low roader -- which you got to admire, foretells the future better than most, may Minerva protect us, and goose us into amazing flights of fancy to ward off dulling conventional
wisdom, and, as always, Mars-inspired paranoia and rage and petty-minded schemes for making the world worse than
ever before in history, that is, aching for shallow recognition
like you, and the minor deities, wretched bedfellow provocateurs of discredited authority.
Dance the Watusi, drink the blood of patriots and tyrants.

@_date: 2001-10-17 19:20:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Kill Killfile 
And another excellent quality of cpunks that does indeed
impress the world of media bloodthirstiness, is the number of its outstanding writers sent to jail, some repeatedly, for cutting edge taunts of illiterate critics, diseased poobahs and for sure, aesthetic cowards who ever try to pump up
their fiction with idiotic pretense of non-fictional earnestness.
Now I know its a grave offense to those with gravitas (spit)
to ridicule their seriousness of purpose and pretentious
judgmentalism, but they pose such easy targets, for all
purposes I can see, beg to be made fun of, display abysmal
ignorance of what they write, cite spurious authorities for
it, remind when it was first, last, and forever written, just
cannot forgo wild swings at fantasms, urge close attention
to their pulp, deliver sweeping statements as if a world
authority, viciously attack untalented writers like themselves,
slather the most shallowly manipulating praise ever
imaginable, and probably lay awake at night dreaming
of triumph, a Nobel Prize or violent heroic death before
This is what I like about cypherpunks and find repugnant
about Cyberia which has produced no jail time for its
members, but more advice on how to avoid it than is good
for humanity. A refuge for intellectural and corporal cowards, Cyberia, among many other lists, is, but in time that will
hopefully change, in particular if I can persuade you and
Declan to go over the line all great writers must do to spend
jail-time among the winners and stop sucking up to losers
who will always remain unimpressed having no judgment
worth writing about.

@_date: 2001-10-18 00:10:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Kill Killfile 
References: <200110172326.TAA25526
  <200110172236.SAA21373
  <200110172326.TAA25526
The cpunk manditory goal is hyperbole, Declan, newsworthiness, waste not proffering unreasonable restraint else you get Brill-filed. Oops, Br*lled. Headlines are the content misidentified. Watch
the initiation here of subject lines. Use k*ll, win a diss.
Many went to jail of corporate promises of riches, none to gaol, one a daredevil repeat offender, thanks to you and me and Jessica Wahup, and 60 Minutes, and the Fedparsers of fine literature, paper servants, and lop-sided witness list. If the timeservers had been decently ignored none would have gone to the pokey, none would have believed the promises of
riches, but why not when non-jail and the stock market are looking so bleak. All the prime intellects of world-class dissent and fraud are in jail, mostly US federal, and if you're not that tells the
full story of who rats. Gnaw, you say, not me.

@_date: 2001-10-19 06:15:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Biowar Disinfo 
References: <20011019022144.A2024
  <3BC9F164.4BE4C9EE <20011019022144.A2024
The Wall Street Journal of October 18 quoted portions of Congressional
testimony by Ken Alibek, former top Russian biowar researcher, as
saying that of the five main purposes for developing anthrax as a
weapon, the least importnat purpose was injuring or killing people. The most important purpose was to create terror and panic.
Alibek was reported to have said that anthrax was not that dangerous,
that it took a substantial dose to cause injury and more to kill, that
even crop-dusting Washington DC with weapons grade stuff would
not kill the huge numbers alleged.
But that lack of effectiveness was not what was to be publicized, he said, instead development of the anthrax attack system included massive disinformation about its lethality before all else. In short,
anthrax is primarily psywar (as is most NBCI WMD).
Richard Preston is his two New Yorker articles* a while back heavily
relied upon Alibek for his terrifying bio-WMD scenarios. I don't recall Alibek being so whipsaw disinformational in those articles as he allegedly was in briefing Congress how to whipsaw the public.
Still, there is the smallpox campaign just getting underway to
escalate the horrendous, shocking, information Pearl Harbor

@_date: 2001-10-19 11:15:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Stu Baker on CALEA and the Net 
References: <5.1.0.14.2.20011018171714.036c5a40
Julian Assange affianted:
When I first got within 20 trace aromas of the lushness of Baker's double cultivated what-grows-wild-elsewhere above his peepers, my bubonic dingleberry squatters jumped cess to copulate in his.
You think darkholed bugs, you think impenetrable hedgerows to camouflage the skidmarks.

@_date: 2001-10-22 06:56:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20011021215710.01fe91d0
  <5.1.0.14.0.20011020130355.03dac308
  <20011020134200.B18679
  <5.1.0.14.0.20011019162608.038b25a0
  <00e601c158e4$70b40bc0$01000001
  <5.1.0.14.0.20011019162608.038b25a0
Cypherpunks generously accommodates a lot of viewpoints and is not limited to laissez-faire capitalism, nor, as far as the
archives show, any particular political/social/economic world
view other than a polite, wordy, dissent against authority.
It is a forum where a diverse range of possibilities are expressed,
exhorted, denied, ridiculed, misrepresented, lied about, screamed
murder in favor of, plonked, anonymized, and bone-headededly
edventured. Narcissism happily rules, not laissez-faire, a minor
Now and then a cpunk ever so slightly hints that a tiny change of
mind, or a thoughtful consideration of another viewpoint, are in
the offing. But that openmindedness is rare, not only on cpunks,
which after all is not terribly different from reality in which denial of other realities is exactly what pleasures.
With respect for Tim's right to say what he likes, I doubt anybody here needs killing, except, in the rhetorical reality of this poly-lingual forum. Shouting about killing, well, my experience is that stone cold killers never tell you what they are going to do to you. The silent
ones are scary, not the shakespeares who generously entertain,
educate, edventure with imaginary tales of what if.

@_date: 2001-10-23 12:33:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WSJ on Safety Before Liberty 
Continuing to beat the drum, today's Wall Street Journal
offers two essays on how much liberty to give up for safety.
One, an Op-Ed by a historian, recounts how in the past the United States Presidents have imposed draconian wartime draconian security measures and trashed civil liberties far
more than anything currently contemplated, naming Adams, Lincoln, Franklin Roosevelt, among others. But claims that after the crises passed civil liberties were restored "stronger than ever." So fear not what is in the offing.
The second, by a WSJ columnist, argues that enough is
too much, that the Bush Administration halt curtailment
of civil liberties, and that the sunset provisions of current anti-terrorism proposals are a good thing. These wafflings are diabolical apologies for what Bush
coupers are up to, offerings of amelioration to disarm
critics. Woolsey, Stew Baker, Bork, the WSJ, the host of oilers
and greasers of anti-terrorist power grabbing through crisis-mongering need -- how to say it in safety without
sacrificing liberty -- need typhoid mary cigarring, oops, need fifi's homestead featherdusting.

@_date: 2001-10-24 10:18:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: War Criminals 
Paul Krugman, Economic Columnist, New York Times, 24 October 2001:
At worst, war bonds will offer a lower return than ordinary bonds. And if some people buy them nonetheless, what will they finance? Here's where that tax bill enters the picture. The remarkable thing about the 'stimulus' package that passed the Ways and Means Committee on a straight party-line vote is that it barely even pretends to serve its ostensible function. It consists largely of permanent tax cuts, not the temporary cuts that you would expect in a stimulus package. It systematically gives money to those least likely to spend it, that is, to high-income taxpayers, and above all to large corporations. Some of the provisions in the House bill are simply mind-boggling. For example, there is a large *retroactive* tax cut for corporations that would lead to immediate rebates of hundreds of millions of dollars to *each* of a select list of giant companies, many of them in the energy industry (though the $1.4 billion check to I.B.M. would top the list). On the other hand, there is almost nothing in the bill for people who might actually need more money. The extra unemployment benefits, in particular, are far less generous than those offered in the last recession, when the elder Bush was president. The bill, in short, looks as if it was written by corporate lobbyists -- and it probably was. Even Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill was evidently embarrassed by the bill, dismissing its more outlandish components as 'show business' designed to impress campaign But his remark was naove. Those lobbyists are serious men, who are paid by their employers to deliver results, not gestures; they wouldn't have put those provisions in unless they thought they had enough power to get them enacted. And sure enough, the White House soon contradicted Mr. O'Neill; the president, declared Ari Fleischer, was 'very pleased' with the House bill. Which brings us back to those war bonds. The government not only isn't calling for shared sacrifice; it is 'very pleased' with a proposal to give billions in handouts to corporations. And in that case, what is someone who buys a war bond really helping to finance? Put it this way: If the House has its way, the government will give far more in tax breaks to corporations over the next year than it will spend fighting terrorism. Yet somehow one suspects that people would not rush to buy 'corporate tax-cut bonds.'

@_date: 2001-10-24 12:05:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Re:_MATT_DRUDGE_//_DRUDGE_REPORT_2001=AE?= 
References: <3BD6045E.FD112C86
Hillary was in good company: Richard Gere got booed for
suggesting tolerance not vengeance, and the NYC Fire Commissioner got booed the loudest by firemen for being
a publicity whore and Guiliani flunkey who has been trying
for years to cut back on firefighting services under Rudy's
orders. The Fire Commish is the one who agreed with
the Port Authority to lock the roof doors of the Twin Towers
to prevent access by suiciders and antenna thieves, and
lately hot-footing hamburgers.
Two hovering police choppers waited for people to come
to the roof, rescue hoists ready, but none made it past the locked doors -- a couple of the doorbangers cellphoned home to scream bloody murder.
The Fire Department's response: the point is moot, time
to move on to the future, recalling the exculpation of the Holocaust IBM Excuser-Investors.
This is not to say that fist fights between NYC police
and firemen at disaster sites over who is the bravest
in union negotiations is not to be cheered. Rudy alternates
caps emblazoned with NYFD and NYPD until contract
renewal time then he hops to W$.

@_date: 2001-10-24 18:07:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WTC Choppers 
That was the initial perception. The NY Times had a report
yesterday about a pilot of one of the police choppers who described his futile rescue attempt -- he was on the scene
within ten minutes of the crash. The pilot said the smoke was blowing away from Tower 1 (the first hit) so there was a fair sized refuge for people to stand in any had accessed the roof. A thicket of antennas would have prevented landing but the pilot said there was a hoist onboard with a 200 foot cable capable of picking up people. A colleague was ready to descend to the roof to assist. Nobody came to the roof.
Another chopper hovered nearby to do the same. Other choppers
were on their way from Long Island but flights were cancelled
when it was reported nobody was on the roof.
The pilot said it was possible that at least a dozen or so
people could have been rescued before the collapse.
The pilot said at the 1993 bombing a cop was lowered to
cut away a wad of antennas so roof pickups could be made,
but that was too risky on 911.
The Times report said that only Los Angeles allows chopper
rescue from high rise buildings. Most fire departments believe
chopper rescue is too high risk and that exit by stairway is far safer. But in the light of WTC collapse fire departments are reviewing that prohibition.
The NY Fire Department, like many FDs, has no choppers,
and sees police choppers as scenewhores. Not as bad
as Sir Rudy and the Fire Commish but close.

@_date: 2001-10-24 19:12:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Where the torture never stops.. 
References: <3BD71EC1.86EE3CA6
This is a worthy topic for those who may soon be in the
position of the detainees.
Some accounts say that a fair number of the detainees are
in NYC. If that is so, then prisoner treatment is quite harsh,
not only by the guards but by magistrates and the US Attorney's
Defense attorneys are kept on a very, very short lease despite
complaints of unfair treatment of their clients and themselves.
These procedures were described in exquisite detail during
the USA v. bin Laden et al trial earlier this year:
  Use the search on Cryptome to find the transcripts describing
the comb attack.
The harsh treatment appears to have been the cause of one
prisoner attacking a guard (reputedly a soft-heart) with a sharpened comb, blinding the man in both eyes and causing permanent brain damage. The treatment then got worse, and likely continues for new detainees.
In the case of the deceased Pakistani in New Jersey's Hudson
County jail: that pen is well-known for its brutal treatment of
non-Mafia prisoners, especially if they are colored any shade other than vomit, and the Paki may have been taken out by the
guards and or other prisoners in patriotic fervor, or just as a result of the usual racist sadism.
Most federal, state and city jail guards hereabouts are about the same quality as airport security personnel, and get their kicks abusing prisoners, lying about it, and getting winked at
by judges and prosecutors. 24 x 7 tapes regularly disappear
in case of an incident.
If airport security is federalized watch your carass even more
than before terrorism became an excuse for suicide by cop.

@_date: 2001-10-25 10:52:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DoD Cries for Help 
Protect your own loved ones and save $300 billion in annual defense funding, $30 billion for intelligence and umpteen billions more for hapless Health and Human Services, Justice, FBI, Congress, Supreme Court and not least the Presidency riding its sad nag of anti-terrorism bassackwards.

@_date: 2001-10-25 18:03:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Where The Torture Never Stops... 
Come on Onin, watch the numbers skyrocket after
Bush signs off on Ashcroft's wet dream. The US
has the most bloated "justice" industry in the world,
far bigger than any in history, and the spate of bills
appearing will fatten these pigs beyond anything
seen in the commie and fascist regimes. We are
seeing the militarization of the US homeland, following
the coup-pattern of a huge number of dipshit nations in
Latin America, Asia, Africa and dots in the oceans
which the US has armed and trained to attack the
Don't forget the US Joint Chiefs of Staff in the late 60s
was studying murdering US citizens, and blaming it on the Cubans, to justify an attack on Castro. Would today's
war criminals cook up a bin Laden version of Castrao? Yeah, they would if their economic interests were Watch for increasing provocations at home and overseas.
Step by step ratcheting up the national security threat,
as Tim and others have predicted. With economic threats
being the glue that holds it together. The economic stimulus
package just passed is the clue to broadening participation
in the coup, again the same way corporations were enlisted to,
and in some case led, overthrow of legitimate governments all around the globe.
Watch for Americans who protest begin to disappear, in jail
and on the streets.
Watch for tales of torture to be leaked to scare the shit out
of those who think defending civil liberties carries no risk.
Will officials be shot in retaliation for official torture, rape and murder? Well, that's the Latin American model, and look who trained for that grim policy, what was it called, School of the Americas.
Watch for Kissinger to advocate anti-terrorism mayhem so he won't be tried as a war criminal.
Watch for Israel to leak more NSA intercepts of Arab
leaders through Seymour Hersh.
Watch for Woolsey to admit that spying on Amercians
by the intelligence agencies never stopped after the
Church Committee hearings, it just went blacker.
Watch the intelligence oversight committees get
investigated for negligence, excused by the anti-terrorism
fervor, then even deeper domestic spying be covertly authorized cloaked by the Ashcroft kind.
Watch for the intelligence agencies doing wet work at home,
with leaks of the deeds to sow fear, suspicion of neighbors and obedience.
Watch Disney's theme parks, Malls of America, be sacrificed to boost the hysteria, intelligence leads on the coming
slaughter deliberately withheld in the Franklin Roosevelt
The US has trained two generations of Americans to do
all these things covertly and overtly, invested a big hunk
of the nation's wealth in a bloated military and intelligence
and justice regime and supporting industry providing lifelong employment for hundreds of thousands and
return on investments for ten times that. Will such a
vast, lucrative enterprise not do whatever it could to
perpetuate its existence by finding an endless supply
of enemies, most home grown for that very purpose?
The only question is are you part of it, and who here
does not benefit from this vile racket? If you have been
to college you are a beneficiary, if you are successful
you are a beneficiary, if you are not in jail you are
a beneficiary.
Excuse me for digging my foxhole deeper.

@_date: 2001-10-27 10:06:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tracking Spores 
What better way to carry spores in the US's strongest
fortress, Cheyenne Mountain Operations Center, than
by way of the President seeking protection from a September 11 threat? When told of the WTC attacks
was he not visiting the region of the first spore attacks?
Prior to 911 CMOC regularly conducted tours of the
facility which it recounts on its Web site:
  What better way to spread spores throughout DC's
most secure facilities than to use members of Congress and staff as vectors, not just the Capitol but the refuges
set aside for wartime use?
To be sure, all those who have fled spore threats have
likely served as vectors, as in the past did asbestos workers and animal hide handlers who took the contaminants home
with them.
The WSJ reported yesterday on the Anthrax Capital of
North America, a tri-county area in southern Texas where
cutaneous anthrax infections are common. The soil of
the region is claimed to be the richest source of anthrax
in the country. Locals have no fear of the spores, antidotes
are sold in cattle feed stores.
This is not to suggest that the People's Republic of Texas is out to get its Connecticut carpetingbagging cowpoke for messing with the dirt-rich downhomeland.
South Texas, for those who never studied our homegrown
stone-age, is right there with Afghanistan in deviousness, monomania, religious fundamentalism, treachery, animal
copulation, lying, infecting Yankees, abusing immigrants,
and sending one-nation-only-Texas-Texans up north to prey on people who believe they are superior for losing
the war of 1845.
Choate, and me, will never forget the insults, you miserable
sonsabitches, breath deep and die.

@_date: 2001-10-27 21:51:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: JOHN EDWARD 
Wait, Sandy, John Edward does sci-fi comedy. Like Penn and Teller catching bullets with teeth, David Caine levitating.
Dr. Spin on Fox, Dr. Germ in Iraq.
It's reality TV, like Dan and Tom and The Intelligent One.
Fukrisakes all is Sci Fi. Call them and bitch, or send funny
mail. Join in the tomfoolery, isn't that what Penn and Teller dare us.
You think they not an investor in Edward's magic?
I see you and raise.

@_date: 2001-10-27 23:07:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: JOHN EDWARD 
References: <200110280157.VAA31751
The begrieved are actors. It's only entertainment.
Penn and Teller, too. And thou also, have you not
so hammed it up here often and to be sure in film. Are ye not soap acting verily in this exchange. I grieve for you. Deeply. You adorable con artist cum magician.
What's the real skinny on Rush's going deaf?
This is not a trick question. Why capitals for

@_date: 2001-10-28 13:51:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Now we know why those 1000 are being held in NYC 
References: Don't be alarmed if it turns out the 1,000 being held in NYC are
hostages of US Attorney Mary Jo White and the New York
office of the FBI. The two offices are pissed that Ashcroft is
trying to take over the long-lived terrorism investigation without
properly rewarding those who have been running it. Some of
the New York attorneys and investigators have been reassigned
to DC but don't like the way they are being treated -- no doubt
in part due to different party affiliations, but more likely because
the Bush newcomers don't want to be condescended to by the New Yorkers who hate DC, its crud food, people and gossip.
New York and DC, Justice and FBI, have been at it for decades,
and this long-running vendetta is what underlies several
espionage cases, including Hansen's, but not only his. DC
sends people up to New York to counterspy on the operations, but they either get coopted or if uncooperative get fucked by being set up to take a fall. Various countries like Russia help out their New York buddies in screwing the competition. And
the reverse happens in DC to New Yorkers who are sucked
into that cesspool.
When the Soviets in New York battled the Soviets in DC,
both using their USG resources, and the USG doing the
same, it was war beyond ordinary counterintelligence comprehension. These battles have been going on since
the 1930s, and were set in motion by Hoover and his
Soviet counterpart. Then became institutionalized
featherbedding outdistancing DC's, if you can believe
The CIA got ensnared in these deep seated treacheries
when it came along in 1947, as have most other of the intel
agencies, many of which share offices in New York, but
are widely spaced in DC, all attempting to get as far away
from toxic FBI HQ as possible.
There's a USG-mafia in New York that is far more complex than the organized crime kind, though there is cooperation with
those birds of a feather too. You can see representatives of
all these cozy groups sometimes lunching together up in Sylvia's
in Harlem, strolling over from a not well camouflaged satellite
suite of offices housed above the studio where a world-famous
cooking show is videoed. (We did a job across the street for a church one of whose deacon's owns the building and who happily bragged of his steady-rent tenants -- not that the neighborhood kids had not already scrawled their acronyms on the building, again and again, and their bros got paid to
repeatedly repaint.) The gaggle of antennas the agencies use there nicely fit in
among the TV antennas of the cooking show. The feds and
the actors on the TV shows share a cafeteria and it's damn hard
to spot who's who except for the Russians and Mobsters who
are dapper dans who tap fists like the locals and boogie at the dames who spic-call them piquito cujones. This is classified so shut your suckupper or your computers will anchor you to the toxic bottom.

@_date: 2001-10-29 16:03:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Secret Nuke Takeout Team 
Seymour Hersh, "The Risks of Pakistan's Nuclear Arsenal,"
The New Yorker, October 29, 2001:
  "In recent weeks an ilite Pentagon undercover unit -- trained to slip into foreign countries and find suspected nuclear weapons, and disarm them if necessary -- has explored plans for an operation inside Pakistan. In 1998, Pakistan successfully tested a nuclear device, heralded as the Islamic world's first atomic bomb. According to United States government estimates, Pakistan now has at least twenty-four warheads, which can be delivered by intermediate-range missiles and a fleet of F-16 aircraft.
Some of the government's most experienced South Asia experts have doubts about Musharraf's ability to maintain control over the military and its nuclear arsenal in the event of a coup; there are also fears that a dissident group of fundamentalist officers might try to seize a warhead. The Army and the influential Inter-Services Intelligence, or I.S.I., have long-standing religious and personal ties to many of the leaders of the Taliban, dating back to Afghanistan's war against the Soviet Union in the nineteen-eighties, when Pakistan was the main conduit for American support.
The crisis may bring into play the ilite unit, operating under Pentagon control with C.I.A. assistance, whose mission it is to destroy nuclear facilities, past and present government officials told me. 'They're good,' one American said. 'If they screw up, they die. They've had good success in proving the negative' -- that is, in determining that suspected facilities were not The American team is apparently getting help from Israel's most successful special-operations unit, the storied Sayeret Matkal, also known as Unit 262, a deep-penetration unit that has been involved in assassinations, the theft of foreign signals-intelligence materials, and the theft and destruction of foreign nuclear weaponry. Members of the Israeli unit arrived in the United States a few days after September 11th, an informed source said, and as of last week were training with American special-forces units at undisclosed locations."

@_date: 2001-10-29 18:57:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Singing The War Prayer 
Covert operators are most often detected by their body odor,
Americans have a most distinctive odor when anxious, frightened
or on pep pills issued for special ops. Native fighters operate
in the dark with acoustic reverbs and smell. Camouflage paint
is a dead giveaway, as are laundry and body soap, shampoo,
shaving lather, bug spray, weapons lubricant, food, no scent
deodorant, mouth odor. No machine detectors need to pick
these up, just a body which has no acquaintance with them.
Now the same is true of native warfighters if you calibrate
your ears and nose to pick the sound and scent, and your
own exhumations don't drown on the signal.
The 935,000 meals being dropped by the US will do just
fine to camouflage the Afghans from hunting canines and
other seeker animals used by special ops. Unless the smear
is used to track the hunters.
In Nam the heavyweight Americans could be singled out
by the impact of their booted feet compared to the half-weight
natives barefoot or in sandals. Ear to the ground like the Amerindians detected oncoming calvary from miles away. The long waves carried superbly underground as technologies later discovered for covert interceptions of crosstalk.
Hollywood Haq may have been detected by his use of US
cosmetics and shitting American food, smoking Winstons,
and whatever infidel brands he fell in love with.

@_date: 2001-10-30 21:55:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NOTAM:  GA prohibited w/in 10 miles of nuke plants 
Sure. Don't go for the hard-headed containment structure,
knock out the soft-shelled control facility which regulates
cooling pumps. The reactor will do the rest just as effectively
as planes weakened the towers so they would self-destruct.
It is truely strange that the Pentagon was hit rather than
the soft-shells downtown. Probably a feint or a blunder
by a pilot nearly insane.
Nuclear power plants are likely a feint as well, with so
many soft-shells ready to eat -- refineries, airports,
seaports, suspension bridges, most domestic military
bases, universities, national labs, mega-malls, on and
on, look around you where all the gov-terrified people bunch for safety in numbers.
The experts here predict a mid-West target just to freak
the true interior homeland which everyone believes they
can retreat to. Draw a half dozen vectors connecting
the publicized targets and see where they intersect.
That point won't be far from Cheyenne Mountain, not the
hardened bunker but its vulnerable support system -- most of which remains identifiable on the Net because it is not military or government, you know, the collaterals.

@_date: 2001-10-31 06:52:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI MAS 
Anybody have information about this FBI operation,
which siphoned about 1/5 of Cryptome this AM:
        IP address: 65.207.53.168
        MAS (NETBLK-UU-65-207-53)
        935 Pennsylvania Ave NW
        Washington, DC 20535
        US
        Netname: UU-65-207-53
        Netblock: 65.207.53.0 - 65.207.53.255
        Coordinator:
           Dastur, Brian  (BD680-ARIN)  bdastur at fbi.gov
           202-324-6124
        Record last updated on 17-Aug-2001.
        Database last updated on 31-Oct-2001 02:58:21 EDT.
The siphon drained the site non-stop from 4:01 AM to 4:23 AM EST.

@_date: 2001-10-31 09:57:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI MAS 
References: <200110311158.GAA16716
  <200110311158.GAA16716
Don't know for sure, several recent ones are listed on
the home page. Older ones, and the covert, are not easily
found, but I see a hit from them now and then or a bit
gulp of update.
A few machines come every day to get the latest contents
but no files. I assume those are distributed within networks
or archived or added to the evidence pile. One of MPAA's
law firms does that, and the old loyal customer, NSA
at ncsc.mil. And EOP, DoJ, the Senate, US Courts, jeez, don't these folks have surf through SafeWeb or do they not
trust the spy of spies. (Hilarious that SafeWeb was picked
to help dissident Chinese outreach -- right into the CIA's
CIA has appeared daily since 911. That's ucia.gov.
That's why the FBI siphon was interesting, seldom do we
see the FBI use an address easily traceable to the agency.
It's interesting to speculate on who are the new, young, compwizzes and hackers hired by the TLAs, if they feel imprisoned or empowered, if they surf at work to send pleas for rescue via ID'd boxes. Could be reconnaissance by fire, sending a FNG into the sniper's sight, building logs of logs like poisoned packrat jg here.
Mothermary, there's nothing like logs to boost paranoia, and depression that nobody gives a FF except rampaging
bots endlessly shredding your shaggers and OBB.

@_date: 2001-10-31 12:27:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI MAS 
No, we still abide the ground rules here, nobody is forbidden,
not TLAs not the commies not the loonies not the ethnics
not the school of americans and the iras and jihadists, all mars' angels get to eat the poison pills, except mindless bots which gobble bandwidth totally resistant to pesticide, and by that I mean a lot of bandwidth; medium sized waste is okay, as here at heavens gate.
But should emphasize the logs are immediately history
by promissory to readers once we axe bots, and even that is done only now and then. Every week or so we
lift all blocks in beatific amnesty of our glorious future leaders-bots. They retaliate immediately for our groveling
by taking over for an hour or two then move on to the terrorize the White House, the New York Times, Vatican, Forbidden City, US Military, overpowering the dying reputables' comfy obnox with rogue viral obnox.

@_date: 2001-09-01 09:21:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SIGINT Law in the US 
Lawrence Sloan writes in the Duke Law Journal
  "The various allegations surrounding ECHELON can be roughly grouped into two categories. The first set of allegations, coming primarily from Europe, concerns the use of the ECHELON system to conduct economic espionage on behalf of American companies. The second set of allegations involves the illegal use of ECHELON to collect intelligence about American citizens. This second set of allegations will be the focus of this Note. In a society such as ours, which considers privacy and freedom from intrusive government to be fundamental values, the prospect of the American government spying on its citizens is extremely troubling. These allegations raise questions about the sufficiency of the legal restrictions placed on the collection and use of signals intelligence. The use of national intelligence assets to conduct industrial espionage for the benefit of American companies over their foreign competitors is controversial, but that issue turns primarily upon matters of policy rather than law. This Note will focus on the legal restrictions on signals intelligence (SIGINT) activities and, thus, will set aside the primarily policy-driven question of using national intelligence assets to conduct economic espionage."

@_date: 2001-09-02 09:56:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: cryptosocialismo 
References: <3B9166F2.23300.3F2301
That's part but not all. Anarchy is not an absolute, only
an opposition to the prevailing archy whether capitalist,
socialist, capitalistic-socialism, socialistic-capitalism,
and their mealy-mouthed democratic-communistic-
oligarchic-theocratic precursors, successors and Anarchy is wonderfully chameleonic, which is why it
is the favorite cloaking for undercover agents of the
all the rest. And best, there are no leaders, only those
who disavow being leaders and thereby reveal their
true colors.
True leaders, a contradictory oxymoron, never preen,
are never courageous, never perform exceptional
actions, would never call attention to themselves so
ineptly, and do not exhibit exhibitionistic characteristics
such as lecturing and preaching to obsequious non-followers how to follow obediently without orders
being issued.
At least that is what the anarchist bible commanded
before it became discredited by overspin.
Then came the prefixes to fix that with branding.
Now those prefixtual brands get hammered, rightly so, and leftly so, so what, so easy, so ignorant.
Old Time Anarchy was invented by authoritarians
to entrap firebrand fools. Not much has changed.
Old fools hustling the youngsters.
This is not a confession merely, but a bible quote,
or I forget which list this is.

@_date: 2001-09-04 13:42:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Official Anonymizing 
References: <5.1.0.14.2.20010831183757.03a22020
  <5.1.0.14.2.20010831183757.03a22020
On ZKS selling anonymizing products that are publicly available to governmental officials does raise an issue of whether officials
should, or should be able to, conceal their official identities when working cyberspace in an official capacity. I think not, though
it might be as impossible to get officials to comply as with
terrorists so long as the technology is there.
Paul Sylverson, at NRL, took me to task recently for outing
officials, claiming that one of the primary purposes of onion
routing was to allow officials to conceal their actions in
cyberspace. I answered that it was my opinion that officials
had no right to conceal their identity when on the job, not
the military, not the spooks, indeed, they should be obliged
to reveal identity in cyberspace when at work, if not of the
person then of the agency.
Nobody has yet seen an fbi.gov in the logs, or nsa.mil/gov,
though a few ucia.gov and nro.gov crop up, and the ubiquitous That this would not apply to these officials in their private
lives, that then they deserved fullest possible privacy protection.
But none at all in their official roles.
I propose that all anonymizers adopt a code of practice that
any sale to officials of anonymizers or their use be disclosed to the public (I suggested this to ZKS early on when first meetings with the feds to explain the technology were being sometimes disclosed). That seems to be a reasonable response to officially-secret prowling and investigating cyberspace.
If officials want to do that in secret they should obtain a public
license, say to use onion, pipenet, remailers, or ZKS, Safeweb, and so on. That's a public license, not a government one, for
a fee to help pay for the public's use without cost.
their

@_date: 2001-09-04 16:33:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Official Anonymizing 
References: <200109041749.NAA26560
  <5.1.0.14.2.20010831183757.03a22020
  <20010904125751.A13920
  <200109041749.NAA26560
I try to abide the principle that if one gets anonymized
all should. However, there is a disparity in who gets
to leverage that anonymity -- from the citizen to the
empowered official.
We have now more privilege of conealment on the official
side, and that needs redress, constant redress a rebel
might yell.
Not much of my proposal is radical: there is a long tradition
for officials to own up to what they do in their official
roles. The uniformed police, the uniformed military
services. That is far less done in the case of the spooks
and, increasingly lately, law enforcement and the military
as the latter adopt the practices and more importantly the technology of spooks -- and the spooks' lack of
public accountability (those oversight committees are
a fraud).
The culture of secrecy is vastly overweighted in favor of
government, and much of that derives from hoary claims
of national security. Undercover and covert operations
have become far more pervasive in the US government
and military than ever, and constitute a privileged elite in mil/gov, and often law enforcement, moving from the
federal agencies into state and locals -- and contractors
and suppliers for all these. And all are bound by a
complicitous and luxurious veil of secrecy.
It is fairly common for goodhearts to question government
but not when national security, and more recently, domestic
security, is bruited. But that is due to a well-crafted educational
campaign to raise national security to a theological level, and
its rational is itself cloaked in secrecy. A similar theologizing
is underway, methinks despite Declan's unreflective demurral,
in the campaign for combatting domestic terrorism, the
Homeland Defense demonolgy.
Having learned much here about the futility of trying to determine
who gets privacy technology and who does not, it remains true
that for most of us access to this technology is very recent and we
know not what lies outside our knowledge.
I am not as sanguine about government as I was before being
semi-educated by this list about what technology is in covert use.
And I am not as sanguine about the wisdom of providing technology
to government on the same footing as the citizen. There is more
than a bit of marketing opportunism is this view -- and government
knows very well what power the purse has to seduce young firms
into the world of secrecy.
So I say again, that despite it being economic foolhardiness, indeed
because it is that, there needs to be a code of practice for anonimyzer
developers to state their policy of helping governments snoop on
us without us knowing. Agnosticism in this matter is complicity
when such a stance cloaks government intrusiveness.
Look, I'll accept that we will all succumb to the power of the market,
so limit my proposal for full disclosure to those over 30. After that
age one should know there is no way to be truly open-minded.

@_date: 2001-09-04 20:47:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Official Anonymizing 
References: <200109042040.QAA12188
  <20010904143321.A2385
  <200109041749.NAA26560
  <5.1.0.14.2.20010831183757.03a22020
  <20010904125751.A13920
  <200109041749.NAA26560
Sorry, I'm not proposing a law, certainly not on this list.
Rather a voluntary concordance for reputation building,
not only in citizen-world but in government-world.
There has been a lot of good discussion about this
here in the past and I'm not going against that wisdom.
Greg is tracking that in one of his posts, and Declan
too if the focus on law is shifted to reputation. How
to build reputable products for privacy protection and
how to keep them trustworthy. Use of these by
officials to invade privacy will surely diminish the products. The capability of the intrusive products should extend to public warnings of likely abuses by whomever, but by officials most so.
Nothing unusual about that unless you want government
customers. And who doesn't after age 30. So, again,
daredeviling products are for those who have nothing to lose. You making profit, handsome profits, you won't
give them up for principle, right. That's okay, we are all
subject to enlightened self-interest, the same force
that leads officials to spy on us and criminalize
us doing it to them.
I foresee criminalizing anonymizers for us not them.
Their laws not ours. Ours is to . . . concord in sweet
harmony, as here we do -- until some mean son of
a bitch subs up to discord.

@_date: 2001-09-05 07:34:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Official Anonymizing 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010904193422.02175ec0
  <200109042040.QAA12188
  <20010904143321.A2385
  <200109041749.NAA26560
  <5.1.0.14.2.20010831183757.03a22020
  <20010904125751.A13920
  <200109041749.NAA26560
Thanks for the cites of Gatti.
Greg's disclosure of C2Net's sales is appreciated. Perhaps not
surprising. What would be surprising, maybe, would be disclosure
as ZKS did in its earliest days, of reporting on meetings C2Net was
having with law enforcement officials about its technology. Those
admirably exceptionable ZKS reports then stopped, at least I didn't
see them after the first few. What I got instead was a rush of advertising from ZKS. Fair enough, as far as business development goes.
Those singular souls working at ZKS in the cpunk spirit, are what makes me especially interested in the firm's welfare, in the light of its original goal to make available to the public quite strong privacy protection and anonymity tools. A plan pretty close to the exciting, customer-appealing
marketing method outlined by Greg.
The ZKS original model did indeed have an anti-authoritarian
streak. And presumbly the products live up to that promise.
And that is all they do.
If ZKS has only explained the technology to the LEAs and
sold them the same products as the public gets, then great.
And has not been persuaded to do a bit of dirty work as well
out of sight of the cpunks. End of concern. Buy its products, invest in it, make the hard workers rich.
Still, there is the PGP market model to ponder. And no believable
disclosure from Phil why he left, what was done to PGP he
could not bear to be a part of so took his settlement and
skipped his obligation to his supporters to disclose fully.
There is food for thought in why some people leave government
service and companies rather than continue to participate
in deceptive practices, though often still bound by secrecy
agreements and NDAs. I believe that a good bit of the earliest
public revelations of cryptology came from such people, as
did and does most secret technology used for intrusion
on private lives.
Diffie hints at being nudged or noodled toward PK by thoughtful
researchers. Today there are a host of ex-members of intel
agencies telling and warning what they can without being
One recurring theme of those who have worked inside the
world of secrecy is how that world has been corrupted by
excessive secrecy. And historians regularly write of
the corrupting influence of secrecy in government.
Undercover law enforcement agents are domestic spies,
dreaded secret police in other nations, no matter what spin is put on the need for such operations to fight crime, and they pose a greater danger to civil liberties than the spooks and military from whom they have acquired techniques and technologies devised to combat foreign enemies.
This is the crux of the homeland defense demonology, as
in times past with other internal demons: government officials
treating the citizenry as the enemy within and running secret
operations as if intelligence and military operations -- indeed
utilizing the resources of those powerful institutions by way
of inter-agency agreements to avoid violating law.
The Defense Science Board concluded in the Summer of
2000, in particular in its legal recommendations (a panel
chaired by ex-NSA counsel Stewart Baker) that it was
time to change law prohibiting domestic operations by
intel and the military, that this change is needed to combat
domestic terrorism and for "protecting the homeland."
The DSB report in two parts:
"Protecting the Homeland"
    "Defensive Information Operations"
   Painfully ironic is that "protecting the homeland" is a siren sung by every government, left, right and center,
which sees its citizenry as the enemy and argues the need for secret police, urges citizens informing on each other, runs secret courts, and generally
stigmatizes anti-government conduct, yes, and
Anybody who continues to argue that AP was not
used to convict Jim Bell, and that a crackdown on speech, not merely conduct, is not underway, lives in a bubble of ignorance or privilege. Or, more likely,
is peddling deception as successful businesses ever
must do after reaching maturity and youthful promises
peter out.

@_date: 2001-09-05 09:49:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Naughty Journal Author Denied Plea Change 
References:   <200109042301.XAA20853
Isn't what is new here is that the man did not publish this material
as was the material of Joyce, Miller, et al? Nobody saw it except
him and the cop who discovered it. It was the Man who published,
converted private scribblings into illegal material, not the man.
Neat trick, the drooling officials building private collections, like the story today of the Soviets amassing a huge stock of erotica, now and then visited by officials who, the porno librarian claims, always expressed shock and outrage, then purloined a few samples for private use. "What could I do about the stealing," the librarian
is quoted, "they were officials."
If officials possess gobs of kiddie porn, as many confessedly brag, and claim to be shocked, shocked, and eagerly exhibit the stuff to judges and juries and court attendants who are shocked, shocked, what is wrong with that?
Thank Buddha the FBI is working closely with the Red Chinese,
reported in the WSJ yesterday, in US-Chineses criminal investigations to balance the US promoting anonymizers to bypass Chinese clampdown on the Internet. What is Carnivore
called in the PRC?
There will be no peepholes in anonymizers trusted by the
citizen users. A bit of loose code, hardly noticeable, but
thankfully no moral code, why that would be consumer/
customer/voter/dissident/reputation/gosh my editor,
my boss did it, I couldn't have known, I'm only human,
the pressure was incredible/here are my private
scribblings trust me betrayal.

@_date: 2001-09-05 12:22:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Naughty Journal Author Denied Plea Change 
References: <200109051356.JAA07974
  <200109042301.XAA20853
  <20010905084400.B29327
  <200109051356.JAA07974
Declan, you condescending prig, I did read your message and was trying to askance your clubfingeredness about "possession," which isn't as monolithic as you vaunt and which smacked overmuch of LEAs' agressive erasure of distinctions.
Hector me not, for the failure to look behind heavy-handed
law enforcement, dementia, concerning kiddie porn can
be interpreted as complicity, or worse, distancing from the
obligation to relook, rethink, and re-examine one's own
proclivities to avoid the worst dispute in the country.
The pathology of kiddie porn is probably the vilest plague
upon the land, and that is due to bravehearts running scared
of the infected nuts who may, if they have their way, beat
out abortion and guns and vile government as pointless
Come back, Smokey, tell me something new about what's
wrong with "possession" in this particular case, not what
is in the read the fucking manual before I waste my time
wasting mine.
I'm trying a new pseudo-comprehensible writing style, so fuck off. No vanity sig just yet but it will come.

@_date: 2001-09-05 13:55:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Official Anonymizing 
References: Let me jump in to say that I'm not advocating no access
to anonymizers by officials only that that access be disclosed.
It shouldn't be an embarrassment to reveal that federal agencies
have bought such products.
Disclosure as well of any features of the products sold to officials that are different from the standard product would be a big help in defending ourselves. Parity is all I'm asking for to combat the current disparity in features, as shit-marketers brag of their invasive products, "available only to law enforcement, letterhead needed."
A pipe dream, maybe, but smart marketers have been known to respond to those as well as threats and sweetheart
contracts. You ever see a DoD order for 40,000 copies of a program? That board of directors/Wall Street ecstacy is resistable only by cascading orders from the mass market. Here, I'm sympathetic to ZKS on how hard it is to compete with those who bear-hug government contracting officers as commanded by bankrollers everready to yank the plug.
Nice story in the New York Times today about this, the second
part of a three-parter on privacy issues of the Internet. To
go with congressional hearings on it.

@_date: 2001-09-07 13:40:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Begging for Enemies of the State 
WSJ had a hilarious report yesterday about the frantic
search for prisoners to fill empty prison beds that have
resulted from frantic construction to meet court orders
and mandatory sentencing now offset by declining crime rates -- or sentencing rates -- and governments kicking prisoners out of jail to reduce costs.
The competiton between government-run prisons and
the commercial ops have led to fabulous lobbying and
jawboning of legislators and wardens to spread the
lucrative but diminishing prison-care population around, represented in the report by Mississippi's plight of having too few prisoners to fill its state pens and county
jails. At one point a bill was near passage that would
have paid commercial operators for empty beds, for "ghost
prisoners," so they wouldn't pull out to the business
(following the admirable lead of the defense and farming
industries). When that term made it into the news, there was
a quick veto of the bill, but still the struggle goes on to find
more prisoners or bookkeeping simulations thereof.
Florida leads the nation with over 80,000 empty prison beds.
Pity the pressured investigators and prosecutors and
spooks to fabricate more enemies of the state or AP-bookkeeping simulations thereof.

@_date: 2001-09-10 15:58:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: UKUSA Courts Monitoring 
Wouldn't it be provocative to imagine that HMG and USG were exchanging monitoring of high courts under a "you watch mine, I'll watch yours" UKUSA pact.
For example, this DNS entry:
Host, master (HM-ORG-ARIN)              hostmaster at USCOURTS.GOV
       Nortel Plc F.A.O. Andrew MacphersonLondon
       HarlowEssex
       GB
       (202) 273-2640
       Fax- (202) 273-2651
       Record last updated on 13-Aug-1998.
       Database last updated on 8-Sep-2001 23:09:15 EDT.
Does a US network service administer the HMG high courts?
Perhaps both nations distrustful of employees of native administrators, or perhaps both systems run by each
other's intel agencies, either openly or under cover
of companies.
URLs of US courts restricted networks referred to in recent monitoring flaps as "DCN":

@_date: 2001-09-11 22:49:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The 4th Airliner Shot Down? 
Somebody who claims to be from inside the Pentagon
is saying an F16 shot down the airliner that crashed in
Pennsylvania. Are there news reports of this?
Also that a number of generals were killed in the Pentagon. Any news of this?

@_date: 2001-09-11 23:29:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The 4th Airliner Shot Down? 
References: I watched on TV a guided missile hit the second tower; this was
replayed again and again.
Then I saw Kallstrom on TV saying there was no missile,
but that "we knew it was not if but when." Though he
said "we didn't foresee it exactly this way."
I changed my TV-eye-witness testimony immediately, never saw a missile exploding inside the tower. What I saw were two tall buildings collapsing exactly the way intended, without identifiable cause. CIA
is working on reenactment that will show there was no lack of
intelligence, no reason to suspect anything other than an
accident, despite the ususal paranoid ravings.
Why, for example, would jet-qualified pilots become involved in
terrorist actions? Bin Laden had a jet pilot, trained in the US,
who ferried bin Laden's jet from the US to Sudan. After a while he tried to quit the job but a Bin Laden aide
threatened the pilot's family. The pilot pondered that
then went to the US Embassy to cut a deal to confess what
he knew in exchange for getting a new life in the US.
We know from the Egypt air crash that some pilots are
cooperatively suicidal when their families are at risk.

@_date: 2001-09-12 17:18:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA monitors domestic cellular 
References: NSA can legally acquire any signal at any time without restriction.
It is limited in what it can do with communications of "US persons"
that are acquired as part of the overall intake. USSID 18, NSA's
manual for electronic interception, describes in great detail these procedures with particular emphasis on how to handle intercepts
of US persons to comply with legal restrictions. So the agency can intercept everything in the electromagnetic
spectrum, and apparently does so. And, if given a special order to
do so, it can subject communications of US persons for analysis and reporting outside the agency. It does take a special procedure to do this which is described in the manual.
One type of intercept that is unique, and that is data concerning
crypto which may be acquired and stored in perpetuity for later
analysis no matter from whom it is acquired, including US persons.

@_date: 2001-09-13 21:50:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Sick Wacko in the Whitehouse 
References: <632e7d51b117c47db44351ffac53bfad
  <632e7d51b117c47db44351ffac53bfad
Ah, but since Ivan tested his superpower battlefield capabilities on lightly armed Afghans and lost thanks to US assistance, the Afghans' neighborly Pakis have come up with nukes and perhaps a few other devices obtained from hardup Soviet CBW researchers who are eager to assist the Afghans just as the US did.
Nobody would dare suggest the Slavs are looking for payback,
and have lulled the last remaining superpower into thinking bygones
are bygones, the cold war is over and done, as if thousands of
handy airliners would never become giant Stingers.

@_date: 2001-09-14 11:13:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Many bin Ladens 
The Germans report that Ata and others planned the
attacks while at an electrical engineering school in
Germany and so far no connection to bin Laden has
been found.
That a small, smart, talented group could conceive and
carry out the attacks may be inconceivable to those who
believe in massive, overwhelming power, is apt indication
of the long-livenedness of those who just don't buy
the effectiveness of guerillas working in tiny cells and
executing non-heirachical operations.
The oft-cited Clauzewitz and Lao Tsu have misled planners now for a generation, a generation hoping to erase Viet Nam,
Cuba, Ceylon, and a plethora of asymmetrical victories.
"Lessons learned," is a favorite phrase now used by
giant organizations to figure out why best laid plans
failed. Still, the giant organizations continue to perpetuate
themselves by arguing the virtues of massive retaliation
and minimizing their ineffectivenss at prevention of what
they rush to avenge, wildly attacking targets but never
reaching disappearing attackers hiding in the underbrush near homebases.
Whether the lessons learned in this case will prevent
massive overwhelming attacks on foreign and domestic
innocents is a lesson yet to be learned, and learned, and learned. But no matter what, the display of force will give comfort to scared shitless believers in idiotic concepts of good and evil hiding venal intentions.
Would Clinton have APed bin Laden if the disappearing
devil was found hiding in NY's Metropolitan Detention Center
or elsewhere in the USA or Germany under a false dentity?
Who's allegedly under house arrest in Afghanistan? Not Osama, who is nowhere near where the oil pipelines are to be built. See the UK Ministry of Defense's analysis of why
an Afghan coup is needed to update the overthrow of
Iran by MI6 and CIA in 1953:

@_date: 2001-09-14 11:17:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cheering WTC Exports 
The NY Times has a brief story today about the arrest of
five guys in Jersey busted for celebrating the takedown
of WTC. They are identified as Israelis, and "exportable."

@_date: 2001-09-15 07:57:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Access 
The cpunk archives, Cryptome and a host of other crypto
resources are likely to be shutdown if the war panic continues. What methods could be used to assure continued access to
crypto even if possession and/or usage is outlawed?
That is to do what NSA and its global sisters do to keep crypto data available in perpetuity.
Post that info here, too, maybe, after thinking about the
A while back a list of global sites for accessing crypto was
set up at:
   To supplement whatever is posted here, we would appreciate hearing by encrypted mail what others have done  or could do to stockpile and distribute privacy tools? We've sent out a
few hundred CDs of the Cryptome collection, and are considering
offering a ~100MB compressed package of the ~8000 files.
There are only a few crypto programs in the files, mostly PGP
since 2.62. We might grab more for inclusion unless others are doing that. To comply with law we'd have to notify BXA of any new offerings.
John Young PK:
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: PGPfreeware 6.5.8 for non-commercial use -----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 2001-09-15 10:51:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Access 
References: <200109151203.IAA10795
Blocks and limitations on downloads have been removed
on Cryptome and JYA. We ask that bots and spiders be configured and monitored to avoid repetitiveness, looping, recycling and checking for previous downloads. Bandwidth
trashing programs will be seen as attacks and blocked to assure access by others.
If and when we get a compressed package of the collection
ready for download we'll request email for the URL to grab the wad. Otherwise the rampaging idiot bots will shut us down before the Warmongering Idiot Bot -- which may masquerade as a loose cannon viggie.

@_date: 2001-09-16 07:34:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SYMBOL 
References: <200109160228.f8G2SYi06888
High rises taller than about about 70 stories for office buildings and 50 stories for housing are extremely
Buildings taller than that are constructed for
vainglory, which is to say that architects, engineers,
builders, banks and governments are delighted to participate in such insane follies to advance the
notion that dense, wretched cities are supreme cultural achievements. The prime beneficiaires of this lucrative conceit do not spend a lot of time in the towering fire traps overlooking compacted cattle pens, but do assign staff there. As the weeping Gecko cries on TV, "I lost 600 of my cattle" at the top of WTC.
Reasonable humans should not work or live in them. Cutting edge idiots should, but few do, especially their builders who know exactly what the hazard is, though they may put staff there for marketing the illusions of safety. Eiffel spent time in his tower to assure the skeptical
public that it was safe. Making backers of dangerous
high-rises live and work there 24x7 would be an
excellent provision in the building and penal codes.
However, no building, high or low, if not a bunker under a mountain, can be constructed to be bomb-proof. DoD said this yesterday in a damage assessment of the Pentagon. As with renovation there, blast-resistant
features can diminish but not prevent damage.
DoD mentioned in passing that a mylar-like material
is installed on Pentagon windows, now with 2-inch thick
glass, to combat electronic and acoustical eavesdropping. The press thought the sheets were part of the blast-resistance system and noted that it had not been installed on windows of the press room.
DoD would surely not eavesdrop the press.

@_date: 2001-09-16 10:02:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [linux-elitists] Cryptome up for mirroring (fwd) 
Perhaps as a result of my lifting blocks at your request
Cryptome is nearly shutdown by people sucking contents for mirroring. My intention was to encourage mirroring not of Cryptome but of important crypto tools listed at:
  Most of Cryptome is non-essential stuff and doesn't
deserve much mirroring. The crypto-free programs are much more important.
We'll make available compressed versions of Cryptome
for putting at a few other sites but there's no need for
more than that, and our modest service is choking on the
overload. Once the archive is available elsewhere URLs will be publicized.
Hope you'll spread this word to other forums, and pass along
the URL for crypto-free.htm instead.
Unintended consequences give birth to freedom-deniers.

@_date: 2001-09-16 12:16:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SYMBOL 
References: <200109161141.HAA08893
Yes, Sandy, how do you do that? Sincerely, I'm not being
a wiseass. Some building types have disappeared over
time due to understanding that they don't work any more.
Glorious buildings that once were once seen as absolutely the
best ever. Forts, for example. Gothic cathedrals that failed after exceeding the limits of stone construction.
High rise engineers now admittedly design to the limits of failure under economic pressure and aesthetic ambition.
One of the best high-rise structural engineers in the world,
often consulted after failures, says that it cannot be known
for sure all the forces that a super-high-rise will face, even
with the best supercomputer modeling (though not at the
capability of Nat Lab nuclear similuations) for each is unique, often purposely unique, that each is an experiment,
and there is no testing laboratory except the building itself.
Most mid- and super-high-rises require remedial work
almost immediately, some even during construction, and
sensors are now always installed to provide feedback on
what the modeling says cannot be foretold with certainty.
Those which have undergone remediation in NYC that
I know about are numerous, and most of that has been
kept under wraps with NDAs of those designing the
corrections, to protect property values as well as
reputations and to fend off lawsuits.
The New Yorker a few years ago published one of the
few accounts not in technical journals about high-rise
remediation, in this case about CitiCorp's middling-rise, telling of the years-long attempt to avoid culpability not only by the original structural engineer but by a host of other prominents involved, despite repeated damning studies funded by occupant-leaseholders who could hear the building pop and creak, feel movement and see cracked interior walls.
No big deal, perhaps, for unique large architectural and civil
structures behave in unexpected ways, having no unique
precedent to learn from. The safest high-rises are those
that copy successes, and the successes are few for
super-high-rises, not many are built.
Ok, daring is needed, that is the architect's drug of choice
and sale, but recall the building code of Vitruvius: commodity, firmness and delight. The architectural delight drug needs the other two or why bother building at all, just take a pill. The skyscraper bounty of which is in short supply downtown these days. No matter, it will come raging back like a bull on Monday, or will that market crash too.

@_date: 2001-09-16 13:41:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SYMBOL 
References: <200109161623.f8GGNRf08352
Sandy, not to disagree with you, but
this describes stolen jumbo-sized Stingers, dual-use at its best.
No joke, the mind of man is a hyde and jekyl, at home and overseas.
What I like about this list is the complicity it pushes in our pusses,
all rouged with technology in the service of mankind being turned
on its profiteers. No scientist, no engineer, no programmer, no
snotty architect, is not faithfully mirrored in WTC targeting and
collapse. Along with our masterpieces of exculpation: well, of
course, had we known that it would have been different, or let
us rebuild monumentally to deny our seeing more about ourselves in the rubble than bearable.
Why not leave the rubble for the unburnished truth it tells?
"The Bombed Buildings of Britain" was a best seller several
decades ago. Ruins of structures in Britain, Germany and a host of wartorn countries have been stabilized and preserved
to show a record of violence too often terribly misrepresented by orderly rows of white crosses, eternal flames and black Vs of
54,000 nyms.
No doubt 8 blocks of stinking rotting rubble, stabbed with giant shards of WTC's savaged facade would be a bit too daring for sacred-cowed Manhattan.

@_date: 2001-09-17 08:11:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SYMBOL 
References: <200109160228.f8G2SYi06888
  <20010916003813.18092.qmail
Visions of mega, ultra, unbelievable high rise towers are a stock
off the shelf stuff for architects and tall building engineers. Clients
and designers with delusions of grandeur, or need for PR to help
fend off debtors and unwanted bastards, dream up these fantasies
all the time. A crony and I worked up one to be 30 miles high located
on at 14th Street, one gigantic foot to be hidden the shell of Cooper
Union School of Architecture where puny versions of these things sprout regularly. They are all ridiculous dick-wavers, but fun to imagine
dildoing the suffering planet when the banal peewees that you get to work are totally dismissable crap.
Frank Lloyd Wright regularly published schemes for mile high
buildings, variations cooked up to garner diverting attention when
his debtors and ex-lovers beat on bunker.
Still, fantasizing the monsters can be dangerous as having a
heavily armed gorgon (LE, mil or citizenry) with nothing to do but parade, arms swap and kill almost unintentionally.
Fantasizers of being above the clouds may neglect their mundane safety obligations and get you killed by their drug-crazed inattention to detail -- designers, dual-use exculpators too, also call their
fuckups collateral damage. Then invite you to take a look at their
fantasticly satisfying corrective, more expensive, grander, does
not repeat history except as required to assure eternal gullibility.
Listen, it's not just skyscrapers, others crave vast lebensraum,
monochromic skin color, a single religion and language, a world
without toxics and taxes, unlimited sex and amplifiers, elimination
of differently humaned, an end to conflict or cleansing armageddon,
no fences or property lines, shit, even some desk-squatter in London wants me out of my bunker or fork over fives time my
Damn right I want to be above the shit level too. Here, look at
this escape ladder drawing, available for a mere arm and leg
rent on this bullseye.

@_date: 2001-09-18 15:58:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Code Red seems to be back. 
References: <5.0.2.1.1.20010918093041.038e5150
  <5.0.2.1.1.20010918093041.038e5150
The worm hit Cryptome at 8:43 AM EST and is now sucking
at a rate of about 90% of the load. As others have noted,
the bulk of the hits appear to be coming from our own
ISP, either by design or by spoofing the origin. Our server
is on Apache but the worm generates endless errors
attempting to find holes in IIS.
Pervasive DDoS attacks are reportedly underway at gov sites. We are not seeing an unusual number of that type.

@_date: 2001-09-18 17:41:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Transcript of today's Ashcroft press conf 
What's up with the date on the Press Briefing, yeserday's
or today's? Or pre-fabricated? Yes, the goddam Saudi dam spies should be disappeared. School of the Americas Comeback. Woolsey and Stew Baker and all the intel snakes hoping to poison the well: Disappear the journalists
like in Latin America, Middle East, Africa. Gregg's aide
now says the crypto-paranoid senator will not seek legislation
to rollback crypto. What violence will be done instead is
what the intel groteques are pushing -- wet work.

@_date: 2001-09-21 15:03:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: IRS, Deceit, Rats, Narcs 
Ashcroft's anti-terrorism bill proposes allowing IRS data
to be shared with law enforcement and intelligence agencies.
As if that would be a new.
The bill would also lift the stay of US attorneys taking part in illegal undercover work. As if that was new.
Bush has asked citizens to inform on their neighbors,
as if that was new.
Narcs in the militia have called for defense of the homeland while the military is engaged elsewhere.
Recall the IRS manual for undercover operations which
states these strategems are already in use.

@_date: 2001-09-21 19:54:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Zimmermann\'s shameful display... 
But isn't obligatory for all world class cpunks to have
several nyms they post under, and to bad mouth
and obsequy those fictions with exactly the same identifiable writing style, shifting one register to the
left then to the right? I have here a list of names
and perfectly intercoggal nyms.
The evidence shows that some of these gearheads have been arguing and agreeing with themselves for years online and off.
One though, a master of disguise, hides in front of
a true name and never argues, never agrees, only
pristines flawless prose.  A clue: chews ghat, doesn't spit.

@_date: 2001-09-24 16:57:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Intercepts foretold of 'big attack' -- The Washington Times 
References: Bill Gertz has received an extraordinary number of leaked
documents. Most of those occurred during the Clinton era
when national security mongerers opposed to Clinton's policies leaked top secret stuff. Those kinds of leaks seemed
to have diminished now that those anti-Dems are in
power again. They continue to be opposed to carry overs from the Clinton team like Tenet and others. There could be more leaks or worse crimes against humanity to help get rid of those remnants.
However, ex-members of Clinton's administration are
now leaking natsec stuff as Bush's team increases
bashing of the Dem's policies, and counterterrorism claims
are sure to get leaked left and right once the pol's dipshit backslapping and airkissing vanish.
Congressional hearings on who knew what and when about
the 911 attacks may not be in the offing any time soon, but
they are needed to determine which war mongerers were most in cahoots with their good buddy jihadists to foster
mineral exploitation in the target region and as a sideline
boost the need for strategic Alaskan oil.

@_date: 2001-09-26 11:43:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Smallpox? 
References: <200109260535.f8Q5ZUf08831
  <3BB1484A.3C4E5226
David Honig wrote optimistically:
Not if New York City leaders get their way: high rents,
pestilence, repulsive jobs, diseased bodies, will continue
as intended for the Apple like other great cities of the world, with increased lies about their magnificence. Which they are for a few world class bloodsuckers who visit the scenes of their poisonous crimes now and then, bedhop ghouls at $30M pied a terres, spread their pox among the financial, legal and house help. Few of the titans rushing to rebuild New York live there full time, wise ones they are to remain missing.

@_date: 2001-09-26 13:54:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Smallpox? 
References: <200109261716.f8QHGSf12114
  <200109261550.LAA29643
  <200109261716.f8QHGSf12114
Well, these comments are going to sound sicko, but from
where we live and work, about six miles north of the bomb
site, it's as if WTC never happened. Had it not been for
TV we wouldn't have known anything was amiss. We first
heard about WTC from a relative in Florida who called.
Now, TV and the condolences-and-rebuild-ads-fat NY Times is our source of police beat news.
We have a project under construction downtown in the
West Village close by one of the hospitals ready to
receive victims. For a few days we had to skirt the
hospital, but not now. There were hundreds of photos
of the missing posted there, but not now, all erased.
Looking down 7th Avenue there's a void where the Towers
once loomed, but now a wisp of smoke. But the Towers are
not really missed, if you don't buy the fabricated outcry, for
they were always a bloated blur on the skyscape, now more
monumental as debris and lurid media images than ever
in real life.
No doubt about it, WTC has impacted others more than most bunkered and isolated New Yorkers who give not
a shit about their predatory neighbors, indeed fear and hate them along with the rest of humankind -- except as rubes
to be hustled.
Once I cared, then I learned it's best to fake it, and if you
can fake it here you can fake it anywhere -- just keep those
subsidies coming with the dirt cheap, expendable, immigrants,
and those cash-bloated tourists and congresspersons now buying a view of The Heap of Heaps, NYC's godsent First Wonder of the World.
You can bet NYC is set to capitalize on chem-bio showtime.
Statue of Liberty, ha, ha, ha! Eat your heart out.
I love NY.

@_date: 2001-09-27 10:38:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Emergency Diseases 
The Department of Agriculture today issued an emergency
announcement about the spread of "chronic wasting disease"
(CWD) among cattle and deer in the American West:
  The disease can be fatal to humans. Is there any tie of CWD to
A biowar attacker might commandeer US beloved dogs and cats as trusted Stingers. Or merely infect a couple of hundred to terrify
millions of owners who are dependent upon the therapy.
A problem with with cadaver dogs like those in use at WTC are the diseases they spread, vermin they host. Especially those
picked up during overseas disaster service that slip quietly into the US below the spectrum of quarantine radar. There is
no clear picture of what the thousands of non-US victims of WTC may have been carrying.
Pets can be used to carry encrypted or stegoed communications
in wearable or implanted devices. Animals have been used to transmit
secret messages for almost as long as humans.  Pigeons and other
birds are used heavily in less developed countries for that purpose,
but hawks are used to take them out. Use of overseas human adoptees as carriers is a complicated

@_date: 2001-09-27 18:52:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Are Plea Agreements Always Accurate 
References: <200109271734.MAA08451
  <200109271734.MAA08451
This case proves again that when there is a lot of attention
paid to a disputed matter it is likely the feds will make a
determined attempt to prove they are right rather than back
off and apologize. The USA just couldn't let this one disappear
in the light of media attention and all those adoring e-mails.
And, Declan, I think you are full of turkey for swiping at the
programmers and Brian's supporters just because the USA put out a mess of 18 USC-baked beans.
Get grip, son, and think hard about the bias of your story. If it was based primarily on the USA's press release you got
a credibility thingie hanging off your ass. Nothing in the press release proves squat about Brian's actions. It's all flat assertions, one sided, unbelievable, like pleas of yore.
It looks to me that now is the time to look into this story to see what the real story is, not brush it off. The pattern of
official hammering on anything to do with computer diddling
is in need of deep Wired critique, even a thoughtful essay
to counter going with the flow of handouts.

@_date: 2001-09-28 10:38:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Brian West 
Thanks for the Wired pointer. From reading Declan's article it is not anymore clear now what Brian West did or did not do than
before -- maybe less so now -- because most of the information about latest developments has come from the feds, and Declan does not appear to have done thorough checking the feds' version with other sources, and indeed has put an unfortunate slant in his story not yet objectively supportable. You must know that the feds often put out misleading press releases, especially in cases with high media coverage, and
most especially when they have made a well-publicized mistake.
The story is not yet out about the complete Brian West story,
as with predecessor stories about  compsec cases and plea bargains and, worse, rush to judgment convictions.
I am not being crotchety just awaiting information that does
not too quickly help obscure the current law enforcement
practice of demonizing all compsec complaints made
by poorly secured sites operators and plea bargaining of coerced targets. This case still appears to be that kind of witchhunting loose upon the "defenseless" homeland.

@_date: 2002-08-15 15:33:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TCPA hack delay appeal 
Well, it's probably safer to publish the hack anonymously
and see if it withstands counter-hacking. Could be Microsoft
is baiting and waiting for just such attacks. The giant might
even leak and spread a few itself in order to shoot them down, to boost its eye-mote credibility.
Send the hack to Cryptome anonymously if there's no better way to test its effectiveness. Keeping snakeoil secret is a sure
way to uncontested success, aka the way of Redmond.

@_date: 2002-08-20 07:35:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Declan McCullagh on politics and DMCA 
Bear in mind that Declan has always favored the copyright industry,
after all that fits his ambition to be a star in that field, not that he
is alone in seeking media celebrity by seducing others with the
allure of attention and fame. He drops way too many names
not to come across as an accomplished, striving star-sucker.
Declan covers issues in a balanced way, so the story always
goes, though the balance is always tipped toward those he
wants to flatter -- which is toward the winners side, the bigger the
winners the more likely the scale will be tipped by Times magazine
speak of featuring the stars which mesmerize star-struck readers and, not least, publishers and editors and the copyright bandits
which thrive on celebrity mongering -- fabrication, gloss,
lies, deception, condescension toward the nobodies which
buy their dreck, a la Waterboy Valenti et al.
Promoting winners over losers is a giant industry, the American
way of doing business. Sorry to say, Nomen, this is not courageous
reporting, it is formulaic suck-up.
This is not to demean Declan as a person, he's "a nice guy," --
he slurs me condescendingly similarly -- only to note what he does for who he works for is vile, pretentious, not at all objective.
In that hired-gun demeanor he is a professional, if you know what I demean.

@_date: 2002-08-20 17:59:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bankrupt Digicash Made $481K in 1999 
References: <5.1.0.14.2.20020820121018.026ffd08
  <5.1.0.14.2.20020820121018.026ffd08
Yes, Steve, the 1099 describes payments made to others, or is supposed to, but 1099s are shifty and don't always conform to reality. So if you believe the 1099, Digicash either made at least $481K
or got it somehow or just made up the number in a venture to
fleece a lender or flummox a Chaum Family doubter. Note the checked box for "corrected." What was originally reported is
unknown. But whoever got stiffed by Digicash's bankruptcy might
like to know more about where the $481, real or fictional, came from as well as how that compares to what was initially "incorrectly" reported to IRS, to the bankruptcy court and to debtors -- some
of the latter, as noted here long ago, are aggrieved employees.
Note also that the 1099 is not signed and dated. Whether it is
a draft or final is unknown. Could even be a piece of pure shit
sunshine in accord with never, ever lie to the IRS principal
all citizens follow.
Robert, WTF you asking? The doc came from Anonymous,
the one and only reliable source. Inhale, hold it.

@_date: 2002-08-26 11:50:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Schneier: Homeland Security Needs Cops 
In the September Atlantic Monthly Bruce Schneier explains
yet again why cryptography is not the solution to security;
what's needed are private cyber cops like his:
  Amazing how Bruce's philosopy matches that of those
he once combated in the "crypto wars." He recants crypto
security to remind that there is never to be found lasting
security, as with the TLAs worldwide, except by well-paid
vigilance of those who know best how to protect us. He may be right, or he may smell Starbucks.
When I asked Schneier why Counterpane had such Darth
Vaderish command centers, he laughed and said it
helped to reassure potential clients that the company had
mastered the technology. I asked if clients ever inquired
how Counterpane trains the guards and analysts in the
command centers. "Not often," he said, although that
training is in fact the center of the whole system. Mixing
long stretches of inactivity with short bursts of frenzy,
the work rhythm of the Counterpane guards would have
been familiar to police officers and firefighters
everywhere. As I watched the guards, they were slurping
soft drinks, listening to techno-death metal, and waiting
for something to go wrong. They were in a protected
space, looking out at a dangerous world. Sentries around
Neolithic campfires did the same thing. Nothing better
has been discovered since. Thinking otherwise, in
Schneier's view, is a really terrible idea. Heroes, by god, what we need are more poster boy heroes.

@_date: 2002-08-30 08:26:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USA v. Abdallah Higazy 
Cryptome offers 2 court orders and 22 formerly sealed documents in the case of Abdallah Higazy, an Egyptian national in the US to attend school, who was detained as a material witness based on a false accusation by a hotel guard of possessing an air-to-ground communcation device while staying in a hotel across from the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001. Higazy was also allegedly coerced by an FBI agent during a polygraph examination to admit possessing the device, and an investigation of this coercion is underway.     (440KB)
The documents were unsealed on August 14, 2002 in response to a request by reporter Ben Weiser of the New York Times.
Related news reports in the New York Times, August 16, 2002, and the Village Voice, August 28, 2002 provide some of the information redacted.   It was dumb luck, not good police work, that freed Higazy. But the two   FBI agents named in papers making the botched case against him are   likely still investigating the September 11 attacks. The FBI's New York   office would not comment on personnel questions, but a knowledgeable   law enforcement source says neither of the agents -- Christopher Bruno   and Vince Sullivan -- was ever disciplined or retrained.

@_date: 2002-12-28 18:16:39
@_author: jya at pipeline.com 
@_subject: NSA Show Sexually Arouses Hanssen 
The 20/20 TV show on December 27, 2002 had a segment on Robert Hanssen, FBI
spy, in which he is described as becoming sexually aroused by a National
Security Agency PowerPoint presentation and stroked himself through his pants,
according to Eric O'Neill, a young FBI agent who had been assigned to covertly
report on Hanssens's activities. (The show transcript omits the stroking
description and demonstration on camera by O'Neill.) Crypome invites
information on which NSA presentation aroused Hanssen, and a copy of it for
publication. Send to jya at pipeline.com
20/20 report:

@_date: 2002-01-04 19:36:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Ersatz Chick Thing 
What is pleasurable to us unimaginatives trapped east
of the limits of decency is getting hands on ersatz chick
things, and the other marvelous west coast entertainments
gone stale years ago.
We get ersatz ersatz chick things by the planeloads but
not the real patooty grown in backyard agriponte sheds
all along the Pacific Coast.
Coming back from the Bell trial in April my chick thing and
I ran across a museum of old time ersatz chick things, ersatz
of the ersatz era long generated by Hollywood, and was told there used to be a major grower of nubile young ersatz,
film star forever virgins, in the region but now all you could get were the pitiful fake ersatz chicks on the corporate campuses, bisexuals, polysexuals, polymorphous sexuals, kaliedescopic
deviants, tree humpers, auto fetishists, vulture capital putas,
animal rights for horrific practices, and the perdurable
ersatz coprophiliacs all across the ersatz golden west,
the last dregs of ersatz America where men used to be
men in military and western gun-shooting drag and women were indescribable if not innocent whores like momma
and baby sister.
Somewhere western novels took over western imagination
and horses asses became ersatz heroes unable to appreciate
the real chick thing so obessesed were they at dreaming of
being motherfucked.

@_date: 2002-01-04 22:52:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cpunks Lauded 
A local NYC TV show, The Digital Age, today had David Kahn and Steve Levy discussing crypto, bin Laden and 911 with the show's host, James Goodale, former vice-chairman of the New York Times.
The topic was what role encryption may have played
in 911.
Steve was persuasive in noting that crypto should not
be singled out as a lethal technology for terrorism any
more than other technology that could be put to malign
Cypherpunks got a plug from Steve for making encryption
"hip." Though Goodale attempted to get Steve to agree
that it was not a good thing for crypto to be liberated from
government control, Steve wouldn't buy that, and he credited
cypherpunks with a principal role in popularizing and spreading the technology, along with Phil Zimmermann's PGP effort. David Kahn agreed with Steve that there was nothing that could be done about loss of government control of encryption, the technology was out there for all to use for good or bad purposes.
David reaffirmed his belief that key escrow would have
been best for the country's security, but now it was no longer possible. (We heard David state that a few years
back at a crypto conference in NYC.)
David was emphatic that public key cryptography is the
single most important invention in the entire history of
cryptography. Diffie and Hellman were cited, but not
the British predecessors.

@_date: 2002-01-05 07:58:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cpunks Lauded 
References: After Levy explained the role of non-gov cryptographers in freeing
cypto from government control, with a mention of cypherpunks, the host, Goodale, pressed Kahn and Levy to agree that "punks" and "nerds" should be held accountable for the likely damage to national
security that followed. Goodale said punks and nerds with disparagement, as if speaking of anti-socials. He appeared to
be expressing a view not his alone but one discussed in the clubs
of centralized power.
Neither Levy nor Kahn agreed with that view. Levy in particular
defended the liberation of crypto with conviction such that Goodale
backed off, saying he only meant to state the accusation strongly to
get a good response. Again, Goodale seemed to be following an agenda for assigning blame for 911 to crypto availability.
Neither Levy nor Kahn cited that investigators have found no use
of crypto by the 911 attackers.
Levy made the points that nobody knows for sure whether crypto
is in use by terroritsts but that it most likely is; that bin Laden
would never use an escrow-compromised program; that nobody
knows what NSA can crack; that the weakness of crypto is
in the implementation not the mathematics; that traffic analysis
was used to trace terrorist activities in the embassy bombing
investigation. Kahn concurred with these points.
It is worth bearing in mind that there continues to be an attempt to
demonize crypto by way of 911, that punks and nerds are likely
targets, that there may be re-institution of crypto control measures,
despite Levy and Kahn disagreeing with that view.
This crypto demonization may well intensify as investigations proceed into the government, military and intelligence failure to prevent 911. Whether crypto actually played any role in the attack may be seen as unimportant so long as a convincing
story can be promoted that it must have been.
On the British predecessors: it remains to be seen how much
of their work was leaked to Diffie. We've got an FOIA request
into NSA on this topic, now two years old, and have been
told by NSA that it has material from the date of the British invention. No work on when or what will be released.
Tim is right that Diffie, Hellman, all the PK early developers,
deserve all the credit for making PK public and the British
deserve none for their compulsive secrecy. And it may be
only academic as to who invented PK. Still, it is worth learning
what the possibilities are for attacks on PK, especially in the
light of its unparalleled reputation for public use, or, as
David Kahn said, its value as "the single most important
invention in the history of cryptography."
That sort of language makes me nervous about what lurks
in the heart of PK, its invention, its leak, its liberation, its
widespread public use, its seeming impregnability. A fair
amount of the reputation of PK is comparable to a sophisticated
sting -- the kind Kahn richly documents throughout the history
of cryptography.
If liberation of cryptography is a sting, what role of cpunks
in that? What role vainglory in falling for the allure of anti-
authority as the sting unfolds. Levy has words about this,
although I have no reason to believe his early vaunting of
cypherpunks was part of a wider scheme, nor his recent
book. But, still, wizened cryptographers, as Kahn documents,
claim you cannot ever be too paranoid.
Whatever NSA releases on pre-Diffie PK, it will not be
the truth but probably convincing to the believers in fairy
tale crypto protection. The Brits way of leaking PK history to accomplish a hidden task or ability is similarly suspicious.

@_date: 2002-01-06 08:20:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Faustine's paranoia index (or: mindless OT bickering)  
Faustine's right that there is far too much effort wasted here
on trying to control what gets posted, or should or shouldn't
be, rather than improve the quality of the discourse and encourage
new voices, in particular those different from one's own, and
most especially different from one's pack-howling.
But then there's pleasure in watching the establishment get dissed by disbelievers, and the attempts of guardians of the commons to police what's not theirs exclusively to rule.
Professors get beat by students, get used to it. Filtering the
painful truth aids embellishing the glory days to fans who
seek security from tough auto-love masters.
Feynmann was exceptional for laughing at himself, for
demonstrating nothing kills imagination like pride and
vainglory. Einstein was good at self-deprecation too. Perhaps that is the message cpunk genius CJ offered that authoritarians are compelled to filter, murderously by gun-enforced imprisonment and banishment from the forum, so destabilizable are the certain-minded
by ridicule, especially when so well deserved.

@_date: 2002-01-06 08:26:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Precursors 
"Bob was a serious, often melancholy boy. He loved clandestine matters --
one of his favorite books was The Codebreakers by David Kahn. "Pick up a
book on spies, and run through the list, and he had some interest in it,"
said a friend."
What if Africa had colonized America First?
One of America's bestselling black science fiction writers asks the forbidden question in LION'S BLOOD, a Warner/Aspect "Devastating"--Octavia Butler
"An epic, daring alternate-universe novel that is both a page-turning adventure story and a work that raises the stakes for speculative fiction"--Charles Johnson
Order now from Amazon, or for more information, go to:

@_date: 2002-01-06 13:41:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Detweiler, Vulis, Toto, John Young, and mattd 
References: There are many voices and styles of discourse, and to be sure
a variety of ways to moderate by intimidation and ridicule and
proclaiming the one true way to do it without seeming to. Different strokes, differing anarchies, and archies pretending otherwise. That is what makes this commons more interesting
than the closed salons. Which by no means precluded all the
vile behavior each of us foams about as if not a practitioner.
I miss the variety of serious and humorous discourse of Detweiler, Vulis, Toto, Perry, Gilmore, Sandy, Harry Hawk, Eric Hughes,
come to think of it, a whole collection of accused misfits here, or could it be the misfits are still here accusing. Doesn't matter in the long run. Even unwarranted accusations have a place in the foaming, could be that's what mouths were made for.
Tim is best funny, way out humor, borderline breached, thin
skinned reactionary. Western civ.

@_date: 2002-01-06 21:05:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Detweiler, Vulis, Toto, John Young, and mattd 
Psychological and psychiatric catergories are entertaining to
toy with, and the diagnostic manuals are a hoot, but none are as
subtle and supple as language needs to be to convey what
people do, believe, say and act. They are way too rigid and domineering to get at the complexity and unpredictability of human behavior. But simple-seeking minds are soothed by Similarly, grammatical language is pitifully limited in what it can communicate, and its adherents must bully their message
to say what they cannot so long as they abide by the rigidity
of a highly conventional structure, not of their own making, not even of their understanding as to what can be done
contradicting the ever challengable conceits of grammar's
illusory supremacy.
Fortunately, there are numerous creative alternatives to rigid, authoritarian language as in all arts and sciences. Alternatives which the conventionally obedience ever attempt to demonize and castigate with simian terms of opprobrium. Psychoanalysis a prime tool, literary
criticism another. Plain language philosophy, too, idolizes word structure, the false hegemon of the
Any more of this kind of shit writing belabors the obvious point that serious writing, along with serious thinking, is ridiculous, a conceit of mind and tongue unable to bear frightful freedom, afraid of its own yearning for disorderly
structure as though there is something wrong with singing
your heart out, and laughing at your tone deafness.
A joke beats a wise statement any day of the week for
content, style and performance.
An unintended joke is a masterstroke. If it is upon oneself
that is sublime. Take God's own case, a sublime lack of
humor about the predicament sui generis.
Nobody here has ever gone that far, though the best ones
vainmostly aspire.

@_date: 2002-01-08 07:18:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Detweiler, Vulis, Toto, John Young, and mattd 
References: <4E213D27-02D1-11D6-9841-0050E439C473
  <4E213D27-02D1-11D6-9841-0050E439C473
Agreed, that is what distinguishes this list, now, and based on the
archives, from its beginning. While Tim used miswiring coyly, the
term fits most of what produces innovative stuff in human affairs.
The wired, no pun Declan, just repeat, exploit, copy, plagiarize,
steal, and claim as their own what the miswired originated, again
as evidenced here but hardly only here.
And the wired are forever proclaiming the need for more innovation,
but when they attempt to demonstrate what they mean, all too
often it is very slyly repackaged fruit cultivated by, ahem, nobodies.
Reputation is an obession with the wired, knowing as they do that
without that they are nothing.
So they must erect fantastic images of themselves, constantly
culling their output for new ways of packaging it; they must destroy
whatever innovation puts their reputation at risk; they must band
together to promote each other's brand; and they must ever be
alert for threatening other totems and taboos which diminish
their own voodoo.
The wired are pathetically traditional, are addicted to pantheons
of heros, fear genuine novelty, vainly struggle to impose their carapacial vision on reality to hide their dread of the unknown.
The love special connections to others like themselves, a web
of trust, a secret, exclusive web is best of all (though cloaked
with a scrim of openness).
Miswired, yeah, that's the the true cypherpunk waywardness, and within that open-minded ambience a few self-filtered, -censored wired are tolerable to remind what not to do, how not to be, what not to say, who not to hang with, who to be kindly to despite the deliberate self-incapacitation to avoid
The wired love grammar and other strict rules of human
affairs so they can play at defying them in an approved
manner, having banked their all on insider cheating, using
the rules to favor themselves.
The wired love government and its perfect mate anti-government.
But fear going too far and rationalize cowardice as shrewdness.
None of this is to be taken seriously for it adopts the style
of the long-winded wired: shut up and listen to my infallible

@_date: 2002-01-10 12:16:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: more on procmail is not mattd's friend! 
That's k00l. Now, mattd, you set the script to return the shit
to cpunks to automate and improve the bitching signal and boost volume. The traditional signal here is indistinguishable from noise to those who only send to read their own shit
and never comprehend the other.
Idiot sigs, calls for killing and killfiling are shit for eaters.
But fun to watch auto-hypnotics, too.

@_date: 2002-01-11 16:31:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Gov Deep Net Monitoring 
An anonymous ISP representative responds to "ISPs Not Filtering Viruses:"
A major US ISP which is a subsidiary of a foreign corporation hosts a US government operation to monitor *all* traffic handled by the ISP at a central network operations center. This operation was set up as a condition for the foreign corporation to acquire the ISP and as far as known is not the result of a court order. No officer or employee of the foreign corporation or the ISP subsidiary has access to or control over the operation. Traffic
is monitored by personnel who have security clearances for handling confidential information acquired by monitoring. Streaming data may be searched for key words or other information, collected and transmitted to the sponsoring agency
for analysis and evaluation.
The representative claims that another US government surveillance activity set up after September 11 is for ISPs to host sites set up to offer information likely to be sought by terrorists, such as detailed airline schedules or other dangerous information. The logs of access to these sites are copied to CDs daily and sent to the supervising agency. ISP personnel are forbidden to monitor the sites or examine the logs. Numerous US ISPs are allegedly involved in this activity. As far as known this activity is not the result of a court order.
Cryptome would appreciate learning more about such non-court-ordered governmental Internet monitoring for publication. In particular, leads on information on the central monitoring operation at the foreign-owned ISP -- which sounds like a description of Verio, Cryptome's host, now owned by Japan's NTT Corporation. At the time of NTT's purchase of Verio, there were news reports
of FBI objection to the sale unless arrangements were made to prevent foreign espionage and to avoid interference with lawful interceptions.
Anonymous contributions welcomed. Encrypt if preferred. Public key on Cryptome home page.

@_date: 2002-01-11 20:17:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Israel's control of the U.S. -- and debunking rumors 
References: <200201112346.g0BNkAj13850
  <20020111183755.A24696
If you've been to Israel you would know that statements like
that attributed to Sharon are fairly common. It's part of the
nation's cultural hyperbole to overstate with ironic humor
the mixed message sent to Israel by the US and by Israel to
the US. Samples:
"The US needs us more than we need them."
"Jews in America wouldn't survive without Israel to protect
"Without Israel the US would have to invent its own enemies."
"American Jews have no place to call their own except Israel."
"The US would have little to hate if not for Israel."
"Israel's nation building helps the US warn Afro-Americans."
And many very vulgar, very funny variations. US immigrants are shocked at the very idea of hard-earned superiority, coming late to black humor of the your home is our homeland game (rather forgetting the US hard-fought precursor to
steal America and impose leastworthy European subculture;
thankfully being slowly upgraded by the Mayan and Asian influx).

@_date: 2002-01-12 13:12:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Israel Kills Palestinian Boys For Organs!!! 
More Israeli deathshead humor, confirming what Marine
snipers are told to get them to actually shoot a cross-haired
human laughing head: "You are criminals, yes, this is coldstone
murder, get used to it or you'll be cleaning greasetraps."
Takes mere weeks of training to overcome centuries of civilized
prohibitions against admitting your culture's vile practices. Or watching Israeli comics. Like our own CIA Comic who mocks 50 years of wet work, iconized headshot horny presidents a favorite of intel retreats.
Still, the comical Israeli hardhearts got a long way to go to
catch up with what gets regularly puked here, the nuking, the
sarining, the jiving about killing pols, the wanking about
excluding the differently disabled and disgusting for being
too similar to oneself.
One thing we can learn from the Israeli national self-mortification
to con the rubes into believing the situation is desparate, is to
go berzerk now and then, blow away some innocents, claim they
were violating the property we stole from them to protect it for
our people's children's future. You know, be a law enforcer

@_date: 2002-01-14 08:06:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: When prisoners of war aren't even close. (Was: RE: Rogue 
References: Despite what has been promoted by the media (and orchestrated
leaks to it by the US and UK):
1. No definitive link between Al Qweda and the 911 attackers/Moussaoui has been proven; only assertions have been to date.
2. Nor any proven link of the attackers to the Taliban, the ruling government of Afghanistan with whom the US and other governments had been engaging
in regular diplomatic relations.
3. Most if not all prisoners of war held by the US served under the
Taliban, not
Al Qaeda.
4. There is more evidence for punishing the US military and homeland for
directly training and arming the Murrah Building attackers and instigating the
attack than
there is for punishing the Taliban and Al Qaeda.
5. Defining enemies of the US is and has been a role of US media for longer
than we want to believe due to our having no access to secret information
upon which national defense policy is made until, at best, long after the US
has deliberately misled its poplulace with biased and misinforming news
reports, leaks and official statements.
6. The US is not alone in keeping its citizenry and some of its governing
misinformed, allegedly in the national interest.
7. The US lacks a mechanism such as the British Parliament to question its
ruling Taliban; the media claims this role for itself but does not do what it
is specially privileged to do, particularly in times of war and variations on
alleged national emergencies, primarily because much of the media is
organized to distribute simple-minded entertainment matters based on
a flood of custom-made delivery mechanisms -- press releases, conferences,
salons, din-dins, retreats, pillow talk, temporary service in minor roles in government and study groups.
8. As we see here virtually all the time, debate never exceeds what the
debaters have read, seen and heard of media output, except in the
rare cases of original research, and even then, until the research is
valorized by media coverage nobody pays attention to it.
9. There were times early on when the list offered original material
on a fairly regular basis, from subscribers or from anonymous
contributors; occasionally that still occurs, but mostly we enjoy
eating and arguing about fake food.
10. These points are well-worn and have no original content; this
is known as the American Way in the US, in Afghanistan the Taliban,
elsewhere called what fundamentalism sells bibles and advertising.

@_date: 2002-01-16 09:54:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Al Qaeda Crypto 
The Wall Street Journal today reports today on alleged
Al Qaeda computer files bought from a seller in Kabul which were encoded and encrypted.
A key encrypted document reports on a tour assessing
terrorist targets in Egypt and Israel, very similar to the alleged travels of Richard C. Reid.
The type of encryption is not identified, nor who provided
help cracking the encryption with "an array of high-speed
computers programmed to crack passwords."
The computer contents included:

@_date: 2002-07-02 14:00:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Outlawing general purpose computers *is* feasible 
Outlawing computers is perfect for outlaws, though the public at large may be buffaloed into consuming whatever is pushed in
its direction for safety and security in lieu of outlawed freedom to choose.
And gray and black markets will supply those public members
who get fed up with crowd-control tools of limited interaction.
Indeed, an anti-patriot might welcome oppressive operating
systems and chips as a boon to increasing the number of people who won't accept being told how to interact with their computers.
If MS and buddies are successful in getting a clamp on
what you can do with mass-marketed computers then the
colored market for alternatives will rocket.
To be sure the illegal boxes will have to be kept out of sight,
and here the moonshiners have a wealth of information to
share, along with arms merchants, drug kingpins, money
launderers, rogue nations, guerillas, rebels, anti-royalists,
just about anybody who is not part of the momentarily ruling crowd of thieves.
And don't overlook the insiders ever eager to cut a deal
against their vile bosses, to pass along tips on what is being
hidden in the MS/gov-approved boxes, how to get around it,
what will beat it, and so on, in the glorious anarcho tradition,
cooking up new ways of doing business off the grid, mostly
by offering better products than those of available at the
endless-patch mall.
Salespeople overeager to capitalize on an short-term market
with shoddy products are rainmakers for makers of dependable tools. Gates is nothing but a salesperson to his best customers,
the TLA national security hustlers.
Sure, you'll have to cut-tongue an anarcho rat become a salesperson
now and then, but that's why box cutting scimitars are blessed by the Beezlebub. Metaphorically speaking.

@_date: 2002-07-03 12:49:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [OT] why was private gold ownership made illegal in the US? 
Socialism in the US, and elsewhere, transmogrified into other movements which adopted some of its aspects and mixed them
with other social and political intentions. To be sure, socialism
was such a mongrel itself, as was and is, capitalism. Hardly
a political ideology is not an opportunistic blend of what will
work, and which will evolve in a winning direction, hopefully.
Capitalism is infused with socialist benefits for its practitioners,
and democratic socialism pervasive in Europe is infused
with luxurious elitism which favors those who enjoy heirarchies.
Anti-political ideologies are about the only schemes which
do not hide what they are made of, have stolen from, deny
they are, all the while reaping rewards that come with
Even anarchy as most often practiced benefits mostly its
promulgators at the expense of their followers -- yes,
anarchists are composed of dues-stealing leaders and dunned followers no matter what its ideolgues preach.
A most pernicious ideology is that of individualism,
particularly the "rugged" version, in which person espouses
a rejection of all ideology while gobbling among the
garbage heap of ideology for bits and pieces to confect
a seemingly unique brew of convictions which when examined
shows nothing more than what ignorance can engender in the
way of mongrelism triumphant.
Sometimes, praise allah, ignorance does surpass wisdom
in weeding out incestous ideologies, so contaminated by
each other's liftings and copyings and prevarications that
they are hulks without substance, and instead of these
skins of shallowest appearance grow a novel set of ideas
which fit the times, for a brief period at least. Those who
follow these novelties are considered mad by the main
street phlegmatics who may insist the sheriff kill the terrifying varmints, and the sheriff may do that provided deputies sent to do the pesticide are not members of the
rebellion always bubbling beneath the appearance of
law and order.

@_date: 2002-07-07 13:22:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Smart ID Cards Planned for Sailors to Spot Terrorists 
References: <5.1.1.6.2.20020706093426.0b99bdc8
  <5.1.1.6.2.20020706093426.0b99bdc8
Bob "Open Mike" Hettinga  kariokaed:
Rolling in the phsst-shot EVA, shitting my spacesuit, wailing for yo momma's impaired irony: gameboy, that's not a joystick.

@_date: 2002-07-10 20:15:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Microsoft censors Newsweek - and new version of TCPA FAQ 
We failed to save a copy of Steven Levy's Palladium article in Newsweek and online at MSNBC, now withdrawn by MSNBC. We can find no copy online. Whoever save a copy: we would like to receive it for publication to assure its continued availability.
A Microsoft programmer, John DeTreville, named in the alleged "Palladium" patent published on Cryptome, has written us (copy below) to deny the ms-drm-os patent is Palladium -- which he claims is based on another patent or several of them. We would appreciate leads on which patent or patents he is referring to.

@_date: 2002-07-11 07:31:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Microsoft's Second DRM Patent 
Cryptome offers Microsoft's second patent on digital rights management, invented by the same three persons as the first, Paul England, John DeTreville and Butler Lampson:
  This second patent was issued on December 7, 2001, a week before the first available here:
  John DeTreville wrote on July 8, 2002, that neither he nor Butler
Lampson were Palladium programmers, as distinguished from Paul England
who was cited by Steven Levy in Newsweek as a Palladium programmer.
John referred to another patent underlying Palladium.
Cryptome did a search of the US Patent Office archives for other patents by the three inventors and for those assigned to Microsoft from 1996 to July 9, 2002. Only two patents for digtial rights management were listed, out of more than 2,000 Microsoft patents for the period:
the two referenced above on Cryptome.
Ross Anderson reported yesterday that MSNBC has pulled the Palladium article by Steven Levy, which is now here:
  See Ross's updated FAQ on TCPA and Palladium:

@_date: 2002-07-12 16:16:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Rant: The U.S. facing the largest financial collapse ever 
References: <358D242E-94F4-11D6-A94E-0050E439C473
  <200207111109.36204.sfurlong
  <358D242E-94F4-11D6-A94E-0050E439C473
Bear in mind that the holders of US debts do not want the debts
paid, only the interest, and in fact want both to increase as they
have consistently since the US government went into hock.
A prime reason holders of US debt fear other countries defaulting
on their debt is that that might become a promising political campaign
in the US where debt of all kinds are glorified and where unpaid debts
are the greatest sins so long as the debts are owed by the USG and
credit card, family home and car, debtors.
Gigantic debts by well to do are signs of accomplishment and no
wealthy person wants to be large-debt-free. Instead what is wanted is
a top-notch credit rating, that is desirable to be an debtor who can
call for whatever is needed at the moment without expending the
small amount of cash on hand, which is called pocket change.
The biggest debtors are the super rich, and their combined debts
exceed that of the US Government. Such debts are customarily
called investments purchased with borrowed money or other
forms of investments. These superwealthy schemes based on
superimpositions are very large Ponzi schemes, nearly all of which rely up government underwriting either by permissable
law or by assurance of bail-out -- not surprisingly as a last
resort to claim national security is at stake, or even less
surprising, require war to thin the complainers of small
debts and to boost war industry replenishment of large
fortunes. Nothing peculiar about the US doing this, for it
is what governments were invented for: to assure continued
well-being for the favored while promising a chicken in every
for the starving and promising as well that the starving must
work for the chicken freely stolen by the wealthy.
Capitalism didn't begin this dreadful state of affairs, it merely
copied more brazen versions and cloaked its intentions with
simulated democracy, sometimes smirkingly called free market forces by its beneficiaries. Getting the small debtors to lust after Wall Street is  nothing compared to getting them drunk with patriotism so they'll send their idiot off-spring to kill those hungry like themselves while George slurps Hagen-Daas from Condi's navel.
The key to success is getting the really smart hungry people
to feed your mind and gut and wipe your ass while believing like national security teams they are really in charge. How do you
do that? The successful claim it was hard work and luck, and
anyone can do it. Haw. Haw. Haw.

@_date: 2002-07-12 20:27:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Microsoft censors Newsweek - and new version of TCPA FAQ 
Ross said MSNBC had pulled the Palladium story, not Newsweek. Other Levy stories remain available on MSNBC. A search on
MSNBC for "Palladium" produces Steven Levy's chat about
  Still, it may policy for MSNBC to pull Newsweek stories after a few
days that don't contribute to the MS shine.
Further still, shine thine eyes on this line-up of TCPA wiseguys:

@_date: 2002-07-18 06:23:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Gilmore Sues on FAA ID 
John Gilmore initiated a federal suit today in CA Northern District against Ashcroft, et al, challenging the air travel ID requirement:

@_date: 2002-07-18 22:53:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Magaw forced out as security chief 
Yes, now two of the named defendants in Gilmore's suit
are on their way out of office: head of FAA and now TSA. Not bad results for the first 12 hours.

@_date: 2002-07-20 18:54:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 300 Per Cent Return on Campaign Slush 
Nice comment on Bill Moyer's NOW last night by John Bogle, "described by Fortune Magazine as one of the investment industrys four giants of the 20th century.":
  It's no surpise smart businesses invest in DC political   contributions. You can get 300% return, compared to   only 15-20% of the top corporate stocks.
Mr. Bogle believes this is a scandal, and while he does
not believe in governmental intervention against corporate
corruption he does favor higher ethical standards. He
thinks the giant mutal funds and governmental pension
funds -- some 75 of them control 45% of all stocks -- should forego pursuit of maximum return on their investments and demand that corporations stop corrupt practices. He said it is amazing that the mutual funds are so quiet about their losses, except for the fact that they have been the greatest beneficiaries of corruption,
rather 300% ROI.

@_date: 2002-07-24 14:13:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DoD To Mark PKI Cert 1M 
No. 136-P
PRESS ADVISORY  July 24, 2002
The DoD Chief Information Officer John Stenbit will conduct a demonstration of the DoD's use of its public key infrastructure (PKI) to mark issuance of the millionth PKI certificate set, Friday, July 26, at 11:30 a.m. EDT in the DoD Briefing Room, Pentagon 2E781.
For more information on DoD use of PKI and common access cards, see Defenselink at
Media without a Pentagon building pass must have proof of affiliation and two forms of photo identification and should be at the River Entrance by 11 a.m. Please call (703) 697-5131 for an escort into the building.

@_date: 2002-06-04 12:40:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI Net Tips 
This hit to Cryptome today must be the rapid response to Ashcroft's openly sicking the FBI on the net:
  Leo.gov is an FBI domain, though its use is not limited to that
Our posting aerial views of nuclear submarine bases is probably what led to this tip, but the surveillance may be more wide-ranging.
DoJ/FBI has been grabbing all of the views which are taken
from MapQuest and TerraServer. But all the bases featured
are eagerly downloading the appreciation too.
NSA and CIA have stepped up their visits. And their foreign
emulators. As hearings begin on the uneyeballed wonderlands.

@_date: 2002-06-04 13:38:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI Net Tips 
References: True, the home.leo.gov referrer could be a spoof, indeed, reads more like a spoof than the real thing which used to be partially
camouflaged, except so did Bush, Ashcroft and company before 9/11, well, before the Florida and Supreme Court
assault on the assaulting enemies of the state.
Now bald-faced teeth baring, uh, Carnivore, seems silly
compared to outright indiscriminate chomping like locusts.
"We're at war," the locusts chew and puke into the global
terrorism database. Seaching for WMD targets, inventing

@_date: 2002-06-06 08:13:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US Mass Market Crypto Exportable 
The US Bureau of Industry and Security published today:
    (108KB)
Revisions and Clarifications to Encryption Controls in the Export
Administration Regulations--Implementation of Changes in Category 5,
Part 2 (``Information Security''), of the Wassenaar Arrangement List of
Dual-Use Goods and Other Technologies
SUMMARY: This rule amends the Export Administration Regulations (EAR)
to reflect changes made to the Wassenaar Arrangement List of dual-use
items, and to update and clarify other provisions of the EAR pertaining
to encryption export controls. Consistent with the Wassenaar changes,
Note No. 3 (``Cryptography Note'') to Category 5--part II (Information
Security) of the Commerce Control List (CCL) is amended to allow mass
market treatment for all encryption products, including products with
symmetric algorithms employing key lengths greater than 64-bits, that
previously were not eligible for mass market treatment. As a result,
for the first time, mass market encryption commodities and software
with symmetric key lengths exceeding 64 bits may be exported and
reexported to most destinations without a license under Export Control
Classification Numbers (ECCNs) 5A992 and 5D992, following a 30-day
review by the Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) (formerly the
Bureau of Export Administration (BXA)). In addition, this rule, for the
first time, allows equipment controlled under ECCN 5B002 to be exported
and reexported under License Exception ENC. For all other information
security items, including encryption source code that would be
considered publicly available, this rule updates and clarifies existing
notification, review, licensing and post-export reporting requirements.
Restrictions on exports and reexports of encryption items to terrorist-
supporting states (Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Sudan and
Syria), their nationals and other sanctioned persons (individuals and
entities) are not changed by this rule.
DATES: This rule is effective June 6, 2002.

@_date: 2002-06-07 09:26:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Militants Are All-American Osamas 
The New York Times, June 7, 2002
All-American Osamas
Nicholas Kristof
Militia members and Al Qaeda members are remarkably similar. Both are galvanized by religious extremism (America's militias overlap with the Christian Identity movement, which preaches that Jews are the children of Satan and that people of color are sub-human), both see the United States government as utterly evil, and both are empowered by the information revolution that enables them to create networks, recruit disciples and trade recipes for bio- and chemical weapons.
It would be a mistake to put one's faith in the militias' eternal incompetence. Jessica Stern of Harvard has written about an anti-government activist named James Dalton Bell, who earned a degree in chemistry from M.I.T. and is unquestionably brilliant. By age 14, he says, "I was studying the isomerization of benzyl thiocyanate to the isocyanate."
Weren't we all? But Mr. Bell, who is now in jail, is also believed by the authorities to have manufactured sarin, a nerve gas, in his basement. He led a chemical attack against an I.R.S. office and wrote an Internet book called "Assassination Politics," which outlines a very clever scheme to pay for contract killings of federal officials with digital cash in a way that preserves anonymity at both ends. There is also evidence that Mr. Bell talked "hypothetically" of poisoning a city's water supply.

@_date: 2002-06-08 07:57:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI Net Tips 
A follow up on the LEO hit of Cryptome on 4 June 2002 referred
  Here's the LEO website:
  Activities described on this site appear to contradict recent congressional testimony by the FBI director and SA Rowley about the bureau's Internet ineptitude and out-of-date telecomm capabilities.
Just thought I'd follow up on the referer hit from leo.gov. I scanned
the leo.gov subnet from 4.21.116.1 on up to 4.21.116.254.
The dns name for 4.21.116.1 is genuity-gw1.leo.gov -- probably the
gateway which Genuity government ISP
   has set up to route traffic to and from the LEO system. Genuity appear to have quite the e-government business going. Your tax dollars at All of the "security" which the FBI talks about on its LEO page
   is probably just them throwing money at Genuity's rebranding of out-of-the-box VPN stuff from Alcatel and Nortel. VPNs and complex passwords and a special email server so their jokes don't get lost -- what will they think of next we are left asking. An expensive lame-net for people who think they're working if they click around on their computer screen between meetings with software vendors.
The lame commentary from the FBI suit on the LEO page would tend to confirm this. Sounds like the bureacrats everywhere who
feel that they are doing their job if they are spending money
justifying their job title.

@_date: 2002-06-21 18:57:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DOJ proposes US data-rentention law.  
Data retention is being done now by programs and services
which cache data to ease loading on servers and networks.
No approval needed from  anybody, indeed, the service is
being offered as a cost saver and expeditor of net services
to ISPs and anybody else who might be eager to get around
restrictions on data retention, not because of privacy and
civil liberties concerns but because the increase in loading
and competition is driving the technology.
What will prevent an ISP from sharing its cached data retention,

@_date: 2002-06-22 19:02:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DOJ proposes US data-rentention law.  
References: <200206222137.RAA2724348
I appreciate what an honorable ISP admin will do to abide customer
rights over intrusive snoopers and perhaps cooperative administrators
above the pay grade of a sysadmin. Know that a decent sysadmin is on for about 1/3 of a weekday for 24x7 systems is a small comfort but
leaves unanswered what can happen:
1. During that time when a hero is elsewhere.
2. Upstream of the ISP, the router of the ISP and the nodes serving
routers, as well as at a variety of cache systems serving there various
3. At major providers serving a slew of smaller ISPs. In this case I
reported a while back of a sysadmin telling what my ISP, NTT/Verio,
is doing at its major node in Dallas: allowing the FBI to freely scan
everything that passes through the Verio system under an agreement
reached with NTT when it bought Verio.
No matter what a local sysadmin does with data, it remains very
possible that data is scanned, stored and fucked with in nasty ways
coming and going such that no single sysadmin can catch it.
End to end crypt certainly could help but there is still a fair abount
of TA that can be done unless packets are truly disintegrated and/or
camouflaged at the source before data leaves the originating box.
Pumping through anonymizers, inserting within onions, subdermal pigging back on innocuous wireless packets of the financial advisor
door, multiple partial sends, stego-ing, data static and traffic salting, bouncing off the moon or windowpane, what else can you do when
an eager beaver industry is racing to do whatever it takes to build
markets among the data controllers breathing hot about threats to
national security and handing out life-saving contracts to hard-up
peddlers shocked out of their skivvies with digital downturn.
No patriotic act is too sleazy these days that cannot be justified by
terror of red ink and looming layoffs.

@_date: 2002-05-04 08:07:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Why I fill this list with SPAM 
Jim pukes:
The shit you post is less than spam which has minimal
content and is anonymous or forged and took slim
intelligence to prepare and lob. You send your stinky
asswipe, in your own shitty name, as if having wiped your asshole with an article means you need someone
to tell you what's it said. Your momma may have done
that for you, and may still do it, whispering your tiny
brainlessness is so sweet, baby, but it's time Jim for you to use the Net for more than a replacement
ofr the slit trench you came out of squawling and Momma Choate, sober up, your mustardy bastard has grown into a mooning buffoon like his lickturd daddy. Poke him back uphole till he's fully developed
and housebreakable. Best, back to the future: sneak into a clinic and trash the shit machine, coathanger
its solid noggin.

@_date: 2002-05-22 22:35:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Analysis of Neural Cryptography 
Analysis of Neural Cryptography
Alexander Klimov, Anton Mityaguine, and Adi Shamir
Computer Science Department
The Weizmann Institute, Rehovot 76100, Israel
{ask,mityagin,shamir} Abstract. In this paper we analyse the security of a new key exchange
protocol proposed in [3], which is based on mutually learning neural networks. This is a new potential source for public key cryptographic schemes which are not based on number theoretic functions, and have small time and memory complexities. In the first part of the paper we analyse the scheme, explain why the two parties converge to a common key, and why an attacker using a similar neural network is unlikely to converge to the same key. However, in the second part of the paper we show that this key exchange protocol can be broken in three different ways, and thus it is completely insecure.   3. Ido Kanter, Wolfgang Kinzel, Eran Kanter, "Secure exchange of information
  by synchronization of neural networks'', Europhys., Lett. 57, 141, 2002.
 (11 pages. 366KB)

@_date: 2002-05-26 10:07:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT: Techies Now Respect Government 
Thomas Friedman in the New York Times today:
Webbed, Wired and Worried, May 26, 2002
I've been wondering how the entrepreneurs of Silicon Valley were looking at the 9/11 tragedy; whether it was giving them
 any pause about the wired world they've been building and the assumptions they are building it upon. In a recent visit to Stanford University and Silicon Valley, I had a chance to pose these questions to techies. I found at least some of their libertarian, technology-will-solve-everything cockiness was gone. I found a much keener awareness that the unique web of technologies Silicon Valley was building before 9/11 -- from the Internet to powerful encryption software -- can be incredible force multipliers for individuals and small groups to do both good and evil. And I found an acknowledgment that all those technologies had been built with a high degree of trust as to how they would be used, and that that trust had been shaken. In its place is a greater appreciation that high-tech companies aren't just threatened by their competitors; but also by some of their users.
It was part of Silicon Valley lore that successful innovations would follow a well-trodden path: beginning with early adopters, then early mass-appeal users and finally the mass market. But it's clear now there is also a parallel,
criminal path: starting with the early perverters of a new technology up to the really twisted perverters. For instance, the 9/11 hijackers may have communicated globally through steganography software, which lets users e-mail, say, a baby picture that secretly contains a 300-page compressed document or even a voice message.
"We have engineered large parts of our system on an assumption of trust that may no longer be accurate," said a Stanford law professor, Joseph A. Grundfest. "Trust is hard-wired into everything from computers to the Internet to building codes. What kind of building codes you need depends on what kind of risks you thought were out there. The odds of someone flying a passenger jet into a tall building were zero before. They're not anymore. The whole objective of the terrorists is to reduce our trust in all the normal instruments and technologies we use in daily life. You wake up in the morning and trust that you can get to work across the Brooklyn Bridge -- don't. This is particularly
dangerous because societies which have a low degree of trust are backward societies."
Silicon Valley staunchly opposed the Clipper Chip, which would have given the government a back-door key to all U.S. encrypted data. Now some wonder whether they shouldn't have opposed it. John Doerr, the venture capitalist, said, "Culturally, the Valley was already maturing before 9/11, but since then it's definitely developed a deeper respect for leaders and government

@_date: 2002-05-26 13:50:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT: Techies Now Respect Government 
References: Officials, and journalists, accustomed to handling civil unrest
through police means, have to stretch to get their hands on
national security threats, in particular what to do with military
capabilities which are scaled for much greater threats than
the police can handle.
The military doesn't like civil affairs where a distinction has
to be made between innocents and opponents, where a battle
has to be fought while civil affairs continue. It blows whole
areas away, hardly affected by collateral damage laments.
Some military commentators have reported that th 9/11
losses are barely significant in military terms, but are a
big hit for police-scale mentality, and even bigger for
political mindsets which fear loss of face more than all
Terrorism thrives by remaining less than a military-scale
threat but is becoming more than police, and police-minded
officials and journalists like Friedman can handle can handle.
A nuke on DC or NYC could lead all of them to grow up,
a favorite theme of the Times these days about Silicon
The Times some months ago, by way of Jeffifer Lee, reported
on the fervor with with which high-tech firms are racing to
capitalize on the requirements for homeland security and
the rise in military actions, redefining product lines, digging
out civilian ideas for re-uniforming in national security
dress. Perhaps that is what Friedman is doing, scaling
up the picayune Palestinian dust-up to a global affair,
as he has tried futilely to do for years but failing due to
the required emphasis on its Jewish attribute for the
New York City readership yet paying the price of indifference
Friedman regularly these days predicts a series of suicide
bombings in New York City, and as a sidebar elsewhere in
the US. That police scale he is good at, but the military
scale of widespread carnage appears beyond his comprehension --
in the spirit of the once-isolated and comfortably insulated USA.
The problem with dismissing the drumbeat of terrorist alarms
is that the guardians could well let a few attacks happen to show
the citizenry the neeed to show respect for government. This is
not to suggest that 9/11 was such an attention-getting operation
but it certainly has fulfilled the dreams of those who warned
about it and are now reaping its benefits -- gov, mil, com and edu.

@_date: 2002-11-23 12:47:00
@_author: jya at pipeline.com 
@_subject: TIA presentation 
These remarks in the House on November 22, 2002:
  Mr. INSLEE. Mr. Speaker, today the United States
Congress will send to the desk of the President of the United States for his signature, the Homeland
Security bill. This bill will create the Department of Homeland Security, an
agency charged with safeguarding Americans and the American way of life.
  When enacting this bill, we must be careful not stray into invading American's privacy when using the regulatory tools provided for in this bill. I refer specifically to the vague authorizations in this bill that would give this new Federal agency broad authority to push the privacy envelope.
  Section 201, paragraph 14, charges the Under Secretary for Information Analysis and
Infrastructure with the responsibility of establishing a secure communications and information technology infrastructure that specifically authorizes the use of `Data-mining.'' Since ``Data-mining'' has no statutory definition, I am concerned that we have not adequately established that the Department of Homeland Security does not have the green light to adopt an all encompassing program that invades the privacy of every American without their permission or knowledge. We were recently notified that former Rear Admiral John Poindexter is developing a Total Information Awareness program to monitor the everyday transactions of Americans. We cannot allow this to happen.
  I do not believe that this statutory language is meant to allow the Federal Government to obtain whatever list, public, private, or commercial, to profile Americans. It is clear that the American public does reject this approach, as they soundly voiced their outrage for other privacy-eroding proposals such as the FBI's ``Carnivore'' system, and the Department of Justice ``TIPS'' program. It is vital that this body adopt standards to define such terms as ``data-mining,'' and to do so early in the 108th Congress. I thank the   Mr. ARMEY. Mr. Speaker, I am proud that the House is today sending H.R. 5005, the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to the President. It is an important step forward in the defense of the nation.
  I would like to take this opportunity to discuss a few items of interest in the bill as amended by the Senate.
  First, Mr. Speaker, I would like to address the privacy concerns that have been raised recently about provisions in the Homeland Security bill.
  Le me be clear. This bill does not in any way authorize the Department of Defense program knows as ``Total Information Awareness.'' It does not authorize, fund or move into the Department anything like it. In fact, this
bill provides unique statutory protections that will ensure the Department of Homeland Security could never undertake such a program.
  Section 892 of our bill prohibits the sharing of any information that would undermine the statutory and constitutional protections of citizens. We also create a privacy officer, the first ever established by statute, whose sole mission will be to ensure that programs like TIA never get off the ground in this Department.
  Our bill contains provisions that discontinue two programs that raise the very concerns that TIA has raised. We stop Operation TIPS, and ensure that nobody will use this bill as an excuse to implement a National ID card.
  So the legislative intent of this bill is unmistakable. This department must
protect the civil liberties that we all cherish.
  I would like to further make it clear that references in the bill to data-mining are intended solely to authorize the use of advanced techniques to sift through existing intelligence data, not to open a new method of intruding lawful, everyday transactions of American citizens.
House debate and version of the bill on November 22, 2002:
  Nothing in the debate precludes another bill
authorizing what the HSA allegedly doesn't,
either openly or secretly. See in particular the
House report on 2003 funding authorization for

@_date: 2002-10-04 07:54:21
@_author: jya at pipeline.com 
@_subject: JYA ping 
JYA is temporarily dead online due to work load in the DC area, near the
armageddon push button, which is located, in case you give a, out on Route 7
disguised as FAA Leesburg.
We paid a surprise Sunday morning visit to the CIA back entrance, got
surrounded by HMMVs and spiffy guards with hands on guns, interrogated by a
swell looking Ms. Security who ran our Duncan Frissell ID card through the
master file, idled for 1/2 hour observing gaps in the maginot line, and then
received a heartfelt thanks for cooperating, Duncan, wink.
Mrs. Frissell hissed bitch as we serpentined the Jersey barriers back out the
way in.

@_date: 2002-10-28 04:41:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Details on lne.com's blocking of Cypherpunks posts?? 
References: <5.1.1.6.2.20021027130311.04bf0190
Lne has blocked all my messages for about a month, though that is
a small number. A spam rejection is returned.

@_date: 2002-10-28 05:05:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: What is the truth of the anti war rallys? 
References: <3DBC1B57.8760.24318AD
<<< No Message Collected >>>

@_date: 2002-09-10 11:16:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Intel Patents Anonymity Server 
[Excerpt. There are 15 images in the patent.]
Anonymity Server, May 14, 2002
1. Field
The present invention relates to the field of communications. More particularly, the present invention relates to a system and method for maintaining anonymous and traffic analysis resistant communications over a communication link.
2. Related Art
Over the last few years, personal and commercial usage of the Internet has increased dramatically. As a result, companies are beginning to monitor such usage for a number of reasons. For example, marketing companies can analyze Internet traffic in order to develop consumer profiles of various users or to obtain information about ongoing projects by a competitive company.
In an attempt to thwart data collection through traffic analysis and provide message anonymity over public communication links like the Internet, anonymous remailers are now being provided. An "anonymous remailer" is a computer that
receives an electronic message over a communication link from a sender and redirects that electronic message to an intended recipient. By encrypting audible and/or viewable data of the electronic message, the integrity and confidentiality of that data would be protected against unauthorized access
by the operator of the anonymous remailer or an interloper.
It is evident that the above-described conventional communication scheme would substantially ensure the preservation of the integrity and confidentiality of data within an electronic message. However, this conventional communication scheme fails to protect the integrity or confidentiality of data transmitted back to the original sender in the form of a response from the intended
In certain situations, anonymous remailers have been configured to assign a unique tag to each original sender of an electronic message before the electronic message is redirected to the intended recipient. This tag is used as a secret key by the intended recipient to encrypt data contained in a response to the electronic message. However, to support this communication scheme, the anonymous remailer would have to decrypt the response with the
tag and re-encrypt the response with the public key of the original sender because the intended recipient would have no knowledge of the original sender, namely a public key of the original sender. Since the operator responsible for the anonymous remailer would have access to the return path of the response, reliance on the integrity of that operator is required. Clearly, this substantially reduces the level of *security* of this communication scheme.
Therefore, it would be desirable to create an electronic system and a corresponding method for maintaining anonymous and traffic analysis resistant communications over a communication link without dependence on the integrity of the system operator.

@_date: 2003-04-02 14:58:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Logging of Web Usage 
References:  <200303311844.h2VIiZdd021188
Would you care to comment for publication on web logging described in these two files:
    Cryptome invites comments from others who know the capabilities of servers to log or not, and other means for protecting user privacy by users themselves rather than by reliance upon privacy policies of site operators and government regulation.
This relates to the data retention debate and current initiatives of law enforcement to subpoena, surveil, steal and manipulate
log data.

@_date: 2003-04-03 17:49:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Banned Citibank PIN Cracking Documents 
We offer some 27 documents on Citibank PIN cracking banned
by the British High Court on 20 February 2003:
  Included are the gagging order, affidavits of defendant cryptographers and affidavits of Citibank officials and security personnel.
See related message by Ross Anderson, a defendant:

@_date: 2003-04-11 11:03:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The secret government marches on... 
References: <3E96B126.4F38F326 <"from
  <3E95E6CE.2543.33132D9 <3E96B126.4F38F326
"But within seconds, the marble had fallen away to reveal a foundation of cheap bricks and badly cracked cement."
These are the same materials used on the Lincoln Memorial, and
most monuments: the surface is one thing, the under layers quite
different. That's the truth of monuments, not to say news
reporting, underlayed with advertising -- which most often is
more accurate than the journo-school-stylized reporting.
Fiction, advertising, was invented to gloss "non-fiction" until it was found more successful to reverse the osmosis. Headlines, bylines, lead syntactic paragraphs, reliable sources, eyewitneses, the artful couture of dissimulation, padding, shaping the substance to fit the consumer, at the executive level, National Intelligence.
The NYT, for one, heavily loads its 3rd page with lingerie ads when the front page is grimmest. Brits, more civilized, lead with tits and ass, with news positioned later where it belongs among
the mongrelized detritus.
If you want to see if a monument, a news forum, is authentic  strip away its surface, its credentialism. A good one has no surface, demands no upfront credulity, it's all solid same-throughout substance,
earned case by case, not powdered and rouged with a perdurable
masthead, plagiarized battle flags aflutter.
Embeddeds couldn't be happier camp followers, catching and pitching
initimacies of the censored battlefield. No real gore, not at all, you
have to go overseas to gander that porn.
Check the front page of the WSJ today about the Cunt encouraging
young Marines to do talk therapy for news-squeaky-clean agony of watermeloning Iraqis defending their homeland. As if Lon Horuchi
was consulting on patriotic head shots, faking remorse, doing a
job, staying alive, weeping about it, chickenshits.

@_date: 2003-04-12 06:45:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Irag Piss Poor Compared to 911 
There was more fighting and carnage in Gulf War 1 than this
piddling latest. This was not a war but a training exercise, a
rattling of sabers, gunboat diplomacy.
The military provided more information in Gulf War 1 than all
the embedded and free-lancers in the latest. Almost no gunship
videos and bombs hitting targets compared to GW1, while the
US was smothered with talking heads doing not much different
than they did in the studio.
The videos in Baghdad showed kiddie versions of Iraqi defenses lighting up the sky, just boring shots of a few vehicles moving
as if there was nothing much going on. No cowering journalists, breaking glass, running for the basement.
If you wanted to kill reporting you could hardly have done better
than putting the mouthpieces in the field far from the bombing,
and mostly away from the diddly shit combat.
The purpose of the war seems to be to scare the bejesus out of
likely targets, a display of power a notch or two above a war game,
but nothing as thrilling as a movie -- which are showing more
warporn and gore than was shown in GW2.
The attack on WTC and the Pentagon was much superior politics,
theater, diplomacy, art, entertainment, grief, shock and awe.
War porn lovers will just have to replay those tapes until a great
blockbuster comes again. A liquified gas tanker in San Diego Bay and another off Staten Island. Tens of the highest hazard dams (thousands of them still listed and ranked on the Internet). Several stadia of sports fans. 5 or 6 suspension bridges. None of these need a MOAB to cause more casualties than GWB's GW2.
Welfare mutants are not the targets, dream on racist greedy motherfuckers,  your fat GWB predatory life style is. The military
can't protect you from terrorists, nor can the police from mutants
outfucking you every day. Blue-eyed supremacists are chasing
the dodo, guns and bombs ineffectual.

@_date: 2003-04-13 12:01:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Irag Piss Poor Compared to 911 
References: Terrorists don't protest in the street, that's for ineffectuals
dancing the tune of yarping heads. Bitchers don't do shit except bark a mighty wind.
Killers don't tell you what they are going to do. You get to see it in the news or your daughter's head go bowling ball.
19 did 3,000: mighty effectual. Tommy Franks with 300,000
did mighty less.
250 million fish in a barrel.

@_date: 2003-04-15 12:02:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DMCA Crypto Software 
John Markoff reports today on Paul Kocher/Cryptography Research's proposed software protection of DMCA content:
  There's an October 2002 patent application for a similar invention by Paul Kocher, et al:

@_date: 2003-04-22 11:56:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: New Lawsuit from JimB 
An HTML of Jim's RICO suit:
  The RICO suit is over twice the length of AP.
For those who haven't followed the Bell case and Assassination
Politics, here's a link to the Jim Bell and Carl Johnson files:
  Jim and his Multnomah County Common Law Court avengers have put together an impressive cast of enemies of the citizenry, many of whom are probably little known here, but whose names and duties pop up in the official records of the Bell trials as in the comprehensive RICO suit.
According the WWA prosecutor's web page, Robb London
has moved on, perhaps to the gargantuan homeland terrorism
upmarket. Not sure where Jeff Gordon is, anybody know?

@_date: 2003-04-25 13:43:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Quarantines may be justified [Santorum] 
It is a fact that those who protest the loudest engage in
what they protest against, which is why they scream for
attention to their inversion.
Saith Sigmund Freud, a pederast, little girls sometimes,
boys will do, but best of all polymorphous perversion.
Freud's insight is amply exhibited here, but also at
DoD, State and Saturday AM radio huzzanahs to the
peaceloving peoples of the world: meaning gold-plated CEOs, wealth hoarders, ragers against ill-blamed
inheritors of the plundered planet.
You hear somebody call for birth control among the
heathen, to slaughter the procreaters, grab your wallet, chastity belt your cute little daughter for the sonsbitches
who want it all are coming to hurt you and yours as if
a birthright of supremacists.
That's what Santorum is braying of his kind.

@_date: 2003-04-26 19:55:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Freest Country? 
References: <3EAB03AC.3000305
  <3EAB03AC.3000305
The US is No. 1 in:
1. Percentage of population in jail.
2. Percentage of population in law enforcement.
3. Military spending.
4. Percentage of population in government.
5. Disparity between the rich and the poor.
6. Murders.
7. Crimes.
8. Number of laws.
9. Percentage of population who are lawyers.
10. Number of lawyers, judges, wardens and
prison corporations.
11. Number of private cops.
12. Number of private spies.
13. Number of government spies.
14. Percentage of colleged educated out of work.
15. Number of people who have never worked a single day.
16. Number of stock market investors.
17. Number of people who have lost everything from stock cheats.
18. Number of billionaires.
19. Number of millionaires.
20. Number of female prostitutes.
21. Number of male prostitutes.
22. Number of child prostitutes.
23. Number of genital disease sufferers.
24. Number of institutionalized mental patients.
25. Number of persons in therapy.
26 Number of therapists.
27. Number religions, cults and their members.
28. Number of public relations firms.
29. Number of lobbyists.
30. Number of college professors.
31. Number of didacts.
32. Percentage of population who expect the government
or somebody to take care of them from cradle to grave.
33. Percentage of population who think they are right when
they say the US is the best.
And many, many more, but that's not what gets
spun about the bullshit leader of the free world.

@_date: 2003-08-02 15:05:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 2nd Brit Agent Named 
This story is breaking in British news, though the name of
the agent has not yet been published there -- probably tonight or tomorrow unless OSA kills it like David Kelly.
2 August 2003. Thanks to Anonymous. Kevin Fulton is reported to have named Stakeknife as Freddie Scappaticci.

@_date: 2003-08-05 22:54:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Year in Jail for Web Links 
References: Sherman Austin was arrested in New York but not charged and held in
prison there to await an indictment in California. New York said it
had no legitimate charges to make against him and merely did
a favor for California to nab Sherman during a street demonstration --
the only arrest of the day. Grounds for arrest were faults in Sherman's
jalopy he'd driven to NY for the demo.
Ordered transferred to California while an attorney tried to
arrange his release to a family member, he was shuttled around federal prisons for more days, his family and attorney not sure where he was. He was finally released when  a judge determined he was being unfairly punished by prison procedure. He was released at the Oklahoma City federal transfer
station, to find his way home on his own, the family had not
been told he was being released.
Not long after his return to California, the prosecutor announced there would be no prosecution. (During this time some of us mirrored the bomb making material
Sherman had on his RaisetheFist.com site -- the forbidden material is still up, see below.)
After some weeks the prosecutor reinstated the indictment and
initiated plea negotiations. Sherman rejected the initial comparatively
mild plea offer.
More time passed with not much happening. Then the feds went
on the attack again and issued harsher plea demands and threats.
This new attack led Sherman's attorney to recommend a bargain.
Sherman considered fighting but he was advised what he legal
fee would be and the maximum penalty if he lost. He agreed to
a four month sentence. The judge upped that to a year.
Sherman was eighteen when this shit began.
Sherman Austin case files:
          What the FBI Doesn't Want You to See at RaisetheFist.com
  The free speech contents of Raisethefist.com:

@_date: 2003-08-06 07:13:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Year in Jail for Web Links 
om>
There was a weapons charge -- Molotov cocktail -- in the first indictment which was dropped.
The second indictment was for the single charge of distribution of information, to wit:
  18:842(p)(2)(A) Distribution of Information Relating to Explosives,
  Destructive Devices and Weapons of Mass Destruction
  Mac's right that this kind of information is idiot cousin of controlled
substances. Law is an prejudiced ass.
That is why Sherman, a minority youngster, took a hit in cracker Southern California while two old honkies on the Left Coast addicted to 1A who offer the same information get no re-education sentence at all -- well, as the Boston youngster wrote "yet."

@_date: 2003-08-10 12:51:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: How can you tell if your alarm company's... 
References: <200308092354.21658.njohnsn
The alarm and security specialists we've talked to claim the
greatest threat to systems are authorized users: the property
owners, their children, employees, servants, nearly all of whom
fail to arm and disarm the system properly not matter how
carefully instructed. A false alarm is feared by these users more than an attacker, for they are more often traumatized by an errant signal, and the outpouring of security personnel and police, than by an actual attacker. (Like the US security and law enforcement systems.)
The security responders are so pissed, or so condescending, that the users are in a state of panic about the systems going off falsely. Answer to that is to leave the system off. And claim they forgot to arm it. Thus, self-censorship to keep the cops
from attacking.
Then there are panic room backups which freak the users due
to its capability of killing them with false threats like the gentleman, Safra, was killed on the Mediterranean coast when he believed
he was under attack as responders tried to rescue him. Responders
are a genuine threat when they think you are an AIDS carrier.
It's worth keeping in mind, that protective and security systems
can do you great harm, like friendly fire and security agencies of
all kinds -- banks, doctors, accountants, in-house guards, most
trusted associates.
Gun owners, and nations, being killed by their own weapons is a kissing cousin threat. Technology is a gun most often in the hands
of those will to fire first then question who's there.
WMDs are the biggest threat to the US and ilk, those owned by
the panic-room trapped users. North Korea, say, or the Joint
Chiefs, aided and abetted by the low-credibility spooks.
Back to failure of home security systems: its the back-up batteries that don't get replaced, rather the monthly bill for
service is neglected by wayward servants while the owner is vacationing on a yacht being tracked by IRS.

@_date: 2003-08-15 20:13:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cta@hcsin.net: Re: CNN: 'Explores Possibility that Power  
References: <20030815131525.A25566
  <20030815131525.A25566
Are you suggesting the outage was caused by carbon filaments rocketed
across transmission lines? If that was done at several points in the grid it would account for the various finger-pointing to incidents which are claimed
to have started the usual-suspect "cascade" of the usual-suspect "antiquated" system that was "not supposed to fail but it did."
Perhaps a re-inventory of the USAF's storehouse of BLU-114s is needed to
double-check that story about lightning strike.
totally lame

@_date: 2003-08-17 18:14:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jessica Stern on Jim Bell 
Jessica Stern's new book, "Terror in the Name of God : Why
Religious Militants Kill," has about 8 pages on Jim Bell, in
a chapter called "Lone Wolf Avengers," which is shared with
the Pakistani Kansai, assassin of CIA employees.
Stern says that while Bell is not a religion-based terrorist
he is included in the book as an example of the solo individual
with a private agenda that smacks of religion. This appears to be a stretch, but Stern stretches her material to fit an agenda.
A Stern footnote says the Bell material is based on the
forthcoming publication, "James Dalton Bell." She says
she had numerous telephone interviews with him beginning
in 2000 after making a request in 1998 during Jim's first
Her capsule version of Jim's "crimes" and punishment is
a bellweather of what may be in store for other miscreants
who are fodder for terrorism careerists.
To be sure, Jim may get a movie made about him, and I guess
that would be his finest hour.
Stern says Jim's leadership potential has so far led only to
inspiring Carl Johnson to get himself thrown into prison.

@_date: 2003-08-26 12:45:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: "domestic terrorism", fat lazy amerikans & ducks 
References:  Nonshit, Robert, Ray's an organ-eating anarchist not a vapid tea-sip socialist. A while back Ray yanked a
capitalist apologist's lawyer's cold dead dried nut heart from behind a Kevlar diamond-studded vest and lipped and tongued it like a lady's freeze-dried private then swallowed it whole, burping at the lawyer never missing a
syllable in a diatribe against outlaws, yodeling in Harvard
Law speak that cyber jesse james are the worst evil in the marketplace for riggers of such places.
No difference between a socialist and a capitalist, barks
the enemy of both sides of the same schema to rape the
poor and credulous, to feather the leaders' nest with yuk-yuk
a sucker every day. Commies, now there's a diversion fabricated in the propaganda mills by ideological word-toolers of capitalists and socialists, heeding the marketplace rule 1: concoct a worse evil to send the pack howling at phantasms while draining their savings, cutting
back their jobs, sending their sons off to slaughter pens, or, to put it more vulgarly, the free hand of the market lifting wallets and
crushnig lives while the media-mesmerized yokels stare bug-eyed shitless at angels and devils paraded from pulpits to chickenhawk
feeding lots.
No difference between capitalists, socialists and organized
religion. Creepy, how these fundamentalists yarp and predate,
blaming their victims, citing chapter and verse why those who
got it deserve it, QED.
Then philosophers who gloss the way things are as if nothing
can be done about.
Then there're mean anarchists, who Ray is one of, not the house-broken kind perfuming the fould feathered nests with mild wordy, wordy dissent as if an SEC regulator, or more
recently, promoter of the public paying for new power grids.
Markets suck, that's what makes them so appealing to
bloodsuckers of addled customers, and moreso to
vulture investors.

@_date: 2003-12-07 19:37:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Decline of the Cypherpunks list...Part 19 
References: When I got censored by cypherpunks at lne.com a couple
of weeks ago I tried to subscribe to these nodes:
Subscription was successful only on:
Both of thse provided a "who" response on 11/10/03 of
Algebra 122
Pro-ns 14
I get the same messages from Algebra, Pro-ns and Lne, though Lne still refuses mail from me.
How many other subscribers are exluded by the censorious
and dead nodes is not known. Eric calls his Lne block a result of
spam from my provider, to me it's no different than censorship,
a perfect imitation of how government justifies its suppression
of dissent.
Tim didn't mention as a cause of cpunk decline the fucking with
the list by shitheads who thought they knew best how to run
things, the first goal being censorship of those who didn't
behave. Once, Tim was a prime target of such shit and he
did a nice job of killing the controllers.
Now if you kill the bureaucrats, and the youngsters, for overreaching, or indifference to authority, you got to figure out how to do the dirty work of cleaning up after the masters' spiteful running the country, the firm, the estate, the family, the ideology into the ground.
What I like about the ring-in-the-flesh crowd is their pleasure in
grossing out the stodgers. Makes me wish I still had that knack
instead of only the memories.

@_date: 2003-12-07 19:55:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Decline of the Cypherpunks list...Part 19 
References: This mighty wind header of Pro-ns outblows most messages, and appears
to confirm that only Algebra, Lne and Pro-ns are in the X-loop:

@_date: 2003-12-09 04:57:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: cypherpunks discussions 
References: <20031209071356.48236.qmail
  <171E4264-29B4-11D8-9AB2-000A956B4C74
Brain rot is the cause of impatience with what is mistakenly
perceived to be repetition of old stuff. But brain rot leads
to wars which pointlessly kill young people by the thousands, so watch out believing what the brain pre-dead spout as
Old battles refought by subservience to faulty memory is
what got us into Iraq, only the latest conceit of wise ones
who ache to impose their will on the world, deep inside
understanding they are dying and will never accomplish
what they set out to do years before.
This accounts for the vainglorious repetition of past
accomplishments, and worse, aggrieved insults, real or fanciful (again, failing memory mixes the two with truth abandoned).
Fortunately most of the pre-dead don't have access to
the levers of power and go to the grave without a blip,
save grossing out grandkids with tales of doom and
Still, if you put up with the grey-matter meltdown you
might get your hands on the mattress savings -- and
all the near dead stuff war booty for the endless trip
upcoming, being certain their enemies will pursue
for all eternity as they will the bastards that kept them
from glorious immortal recognition.
Eternally Young sez history sucks, history in the
making moreso. Lose perspective or you're doomed
to die before your time.
Reason is death welcomed.

@_date: 2003-12-13 13:28:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Zombie Patriots and other musings 
It was discovered a while back, check the archives, or Tim's
FAQ, that all the remailers were compromised, with or without
the operator's complicity with TLAs. After that discovery there
was a turning of the covert control to re-direct it toward its implementer(s). That was soon re-turned by the TLAs back
at the turners, a cycle-countercycle that continues now.
One day you may be read by the TLAs, the next read by the
remailer operators, each looking for evidence of nefarium by the other so that countermeasures can be invented and
While the remailer/coopt-remailer make-work has kept a couple of cut-out remailer operators busy in Bhopal
keeping the TLAs focussed on threats to the institutionalized suppression of anonymous speech, astute anonymity performers
are jabbering at mirrors and pontificating to pets against law and order elsewhere.
For a small fortune you can subscribe to a source of
absolutely secure means of communications tested by
centuries of reliability. Blind Faith.
No, not that of the Masons, and certainly not nouveau-cult
Skull and Bones, nor even Tri-Lateral Commies, what you have to do to get entry is to Fedex weapons grade anthrax to the homes (and/or lovers) of heads of government worldwide. You get ten HoGs, or 5,000 celebrities, certifiable by swissbank.com forwarded to you of their secret account deposits, you're in. Call yourself god's emissary.
And then a target for someone younger and smarter and
far uglier in ruthless mayhem, driven by murderous,
most often suicidal, hatred for everything holy.
Dread of easily-blameworthy TLAs is for cotton-candy addicts. Fear not those carrying a peashooter, instead
those armed with horrifying urges beyond belief.

@_date: 2003-12-15 04:50:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Idea: Simplified TEMPEST-shielded unit (speculative 
There's a good possibility that Saddam was traced by Tempest
sensing, airborne or mundane. The technology is far more sensitive
than a decade ago. And with a lot of snooping technology kept obscure by tales of HUMINT, finks, lost laptops and black bag jobs.
For less sensitive compromising emanations, BETA, among others, makes portable Tempest units, desktop and room-sized, the devices export-restricted as if munitions.
There's a patent on a booth-like Tempest device into which the
user climbs, with protection provided for connections, but whether
it was ever built is unknown.
A slew of firms make Tempest products which can be examined
for what shielding works sufficiently well to be placed on NSA's
more or less trustworthy Tempest products list:
Beyond commercial-grade, NSA is reportedly able to read faint emanations from all known Tempest protection, thanks in part to reviewing products and international sharing among spooks.
Those leaked from fiber are now a piece of cake, and not by tapping the glass a la the RU submarine cable escapade and the derring-do of USS Jimmy Carter custom-rigged to hack transoceanic fiber.
Tempest snooping at the atomic level is feasible, thanks to
physicists who walk among the electrons with supercomputers.
As ever, what you don't know is what kills you, and if you are not
currently doing research or working on NDA stuff, you're toast.
Protecting against the known is what keeps the orchestrated leak industry thriving.
Be sure to submit bright inventions to the authorities to get contracts
for funding dark ones that work against the grain, then you'll get
really swell contracts or offed.
Ex-NSA staff are rolling in clover selling commercialized versions
of security technology that NSA freely accesses. Reminds of the Brits
selling to gullible govs impregnable Enigma machines after WW2.

@_date: 2003-12-15 21:04:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: An Analysis of Compromised Remailers 
References: This came in response to Cryptome's posting of Len Sassman's
comments on remailers.

@_date: 2003-12-31 04:38:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Vengeance Libertarianism 
References: <20031231060154.GL32470
   <9EB2B0E8-3B47-11D8-8654-000A956B4C74
  <20031231060154.GL32470
What's pleasurable about reading the fiction of ideologues like
Tim is the smack-down tone of their prejudices. Fake, fake,
Nowhere in Tim's spew is the recognition that the largest
beneficiaries of government favoritism are corporations and
wealthy individuals like himself, especially those associated with
the greeders of the defense industry, rather the national
security state. No US institution has been uncontaminated
by the wealth generated by the illusion of US enemies and the
raping of the economy to simulate battle with such fictional
threats, at home and abroad.
Welfare is puny by comparison, and Tim's castigation of
it is like the master of the house bitching about health needs
of his servants while requiring them to wipe his ass. Standard
nouveau riche conceit which reveals a fear of again being
a poor asswipe himself, the stench of self-loathing inescapable.
The favorite mindlessness of the ideologue, is to rehash endlessly
comfortable old prejudices, chanting repetitively the same
accusations, avoiding self-criticism in the manner of the
self-righteous, professing of certainty to conceal doubt,
working hard to present an image of confidence, most often
by blaming and attacking easy targets.
The rich fear the poor, and rightly so, for they know who pays
for their perks. And the answer to this fear is always threats
of violence, the dominant paradigm of those who reap the
most benefits from house rules of the United States.
Cloaked, as ever, in blind faith in the "Constitution," or another
rigged fat cat document used to fleece the peasants at home and abroad, based as they always are on justification of the supremacy of the over-privileged.
Eveready to shoot those who disagree, send them up the
chimneys, the teenie-bopper ideologue struts mightily
against imaginary demons.
Wasn't it a leftist who coined Goldwater's most memorable
phrase? Extremists are all alike, full of shit and hatred, their
own worst enemy. Suicide prone, but afraid to go alone.

@_date: 2003-02-02 09:32:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Flaming the Clueless 
It's common for those accomplished in one field to believe that ability is confidently transferrable to another, in particular for social, political and religious matters -- and vice versa.
Endeavors which require close, sustained concentration and logical methodologies seldom help with challenges which require noodling, free-form creativity, openness to disagreement, compromise. And vice versa.
Disaster looms when a logical minded person gains political power and sets out to arrange a nation into a perfect society as if a machine for sharply controlled output. And vice versa when a muddled-headed dreamer sets out to design and manufacture physical structures.
Yet again and again this happens: logical nuts get into positions of political power -- left, right and center, anarcho and theological -- and all to often millions suffer, and multi-thousands are murdered. Or an all-loving putz so narcotizes adherents to believe heaven on earth is at hand that mass suicide occurs, not least by letting a logical nut annihilate the willing victims.
Cluelessness abounds, not only on cpunks but in all fields, almost as commonplace as clueless flaming. Flaming the clueless is perfect proof that flamers are no wiser than those they mimic.
Never let an over-confident thinker run anything except bath water and never obey a beloved mush-brain calling for war. Yet here we are, flaming the clueless at hand as if whistling is courageous deep-thinking.
Auto-didact, heal your ignorance, to be sure, a contradiction.

@_date: 2003-01-19 10:10:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [linux-elitists] LOCAL Stanford University: face down the  
Based on Larry Augustin's apology for cops and his avowed closeness to them, a protest is even more deserved against him if not the other participants.
Larry appears to be quoting from the COPS PR manual for garnering public support to offset deserved criticism of official misbehavior.
Larry is not alone in seeing the lucrative benefits of defending the giant law enforcement and national security industries, why you can read the turncoats all around the world of digital opportunity going on about the need for vigilance on the dangerous Net and worse, advocating prowling Intel-inside private computers networks to spot looming threats.
As just one example see Counterpane's recent crowing about success, one of its lengthening series of warnings about the need for more and more security against the dangerous digital hordes, and less and less warnings about the need to protect against official and commercial invaders who are handing out lucrative contracts to Net security firms and professionals.
Nothng like a fat bribe to convert pagans to organized terrorists screaming beware the sinners. Hmm, wasn't St. Augustine a prime role model for that crossover, as if Larry Augustin is a namesake.
To be sure, informers are best recruited from the pagans for they know how to magnify the hazards of their clan.

@_date: 2003-07-03 09:57:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Web Privacy War 
WSJ today reports on the war between web privacy firms
and the feds:
  Lance Cottrell and other privacy protection firms are featured --
does Anonymizer really bring in up to a $1M a year?
Lance says he doesn't keep logs thus cannot respond to
subpoenas. Other privacy firms are said to cooperate
with the feds. One brags that national security trumps
making money. As if they natsec is not the biggest money
maker of all time, though homesec is coming on strong.
Privsec in the race, though deniability is mandatory.
It notes the demise of Zero Knowledge just before the Patriot
Act started the boom in people seeking protection from official spies. Darn. But then we don't know what ZK is
doing black with the contacts it eagerly gathered in its meetings with the feds.

@_date: 2003-07-04 13:38:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Radiation Sniffer 
The radiation sniffer in NYC and proposed for elsewhere
in the US is described in this DOE doc:
  Here's the aircraft monitoring program:
  There's more on a variety of homeland security monitoring programs at
    EML is the DOE's Environmental Monitoring Laboratory
located in NYC, whose history goes back to the earliest
days of the nuclear age when it was set up to track
medical and health effects of nuclear weapons. It now
does worldwide monitoring of nuclear activities.
Why is it located in NYC? Up on the 7th Floor of a non-descript office building, along with a batch of
federal agencies such as a passport office, social
security and what not. The classified work of the
lab must account for the amazing entrance security you have to go through to get a passport renewed.
Reminds of going to a plain-jane office building at
an outer edge of DC a while back, heading for a
meeting with a construction firm, when, bam, step inside the lobby and there you are facing a heavily armed phalanx of federal police and camouflaged soldiers. You ask the M-16 bristling receptionist
about the firm and she barks for the team to surround
the perp, demands ID, says you know where your
Uh, sure, I say, this is the capital of the free world.
Smart ass, she says, not any more. This country is ours. Show me what's in that bag.
So I did.
She screamed when it dawned on her what she was
seeing in my tote. The troops jumped back as if
Sir, she said, we would appreciate it if you would
just leave. Yes, sir, the troops chorused, just please
leave the premises, what's in that bag is not what we enlisted to handle.
Here, I said, taking the device out of the tote, have a
No, no, no, they all yelped, and backed against the
wall, legs shaking, weapons clattering to the floor,
please take it away. Have mercy, sir.
Well, I said, okay, if it scares you, and put away the gleaming jewel of kryptonite, titled fine print US
Constitution, printed in China.

@_date: 2003-07-19 16:48:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Unsubtle Wetwork 
References: Perhaps a suicide but if so it was induced by Kelly's treatment,
not only by the goofus members of parliament, but more likely
by the Ministry of Defence threatening to punish him for violation
of the draconian Official Secrets Act.
The Brits for all their admirable humor about vulgarity -- the new
GCHQ called a "gaping anus" -- can be vile sonsofbitches
when it comes to demanding obedience to authority, with the
OSA a prime weapon to assure proper behavior or else. Beyond
that there can be truly devastating social outcast penalties,
and the worst of all, blackest of humor, withholding royal honors.
Too bad the British realm never had to experience the cleansing
guillotine -- by the populace not by the authorities.
Due to that lack, and the USA's similar lack of final justice, pea-brained
officials can get away with official murder, destruction of lives, lying
and cheating for personal gain while holding office, or best, after
leaving office.
Foster's "suicide" for the Clintons, like Kelly's, is a sign that the
time is ever ripe to execute the Tim May Final Option in lieu of
believing what appears in the media, is told to surviving families,
is joked about in the private clubs of capitals around the globe.
At least the Reds owned up to their ideological perfidy, unlike
those who truly believe in superiority, that is those who best
represent inferior humans.
No wonder the sonsofbitches fear assassination politics, not
just the Jim Bell laughable version, the hard-eyed kind that
comes in the night without warning.

@_date: 2003-07-24 10:34:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jerk with a t-shirt 
References: <200307240642.24776.sfurlong
The rights of property owners, especially commercial property,
are not as absolute as sometimes argued. Due to the public
services provided by governmental authorities, tax perqs not
the least, property owners are required to abide a diverse range
of laws and regulations to provide assurance that people on the
property are safe. These people include the property owner,
family members, employees, customers and others who may
not be capable of judging what is safe.
Similarly, retail property owners are obliged to provide assurances
to customers that they are safe as prescribed by zoning, building
and health codes. To be sure there is a lucrative industry of professionals who advise property owners how to skirt these
requirements -- public relations mongers, lobbyists, lawyers, zoning consultants, architects, engineers, planners, politicians, so-called public interest groups, bribers, liars, cheaters, the mob, whores, pimps, and so on. Most of these are lightly or unregulated, even those ostensibly licensed to protect the public interest are
happy to front for those whose only interest is criminal profit.
Keep this in mind: whenever someone argues for the right to
do what they want on their property they are blowing shit in your
face while picking your pocket and placing you and your beloved
mongrels in danger through a smart-ass range of distancing, exculpatory
mechanisms, not least several of the constitutional amendments which were set up for just that purpose by the original continental
landscape thieves and which are forever being updated to keep the our-screw-you-laws-are-fair-laws racket running smoothly. Thanks to two centuries of warping law and culture to bias stolen
property owners, no property owner takes full risk these days,
but some will have you killed if you question that, that's what the
justice and national security mob is paid handsomely to enforce.
Department of Homeland Security looks to be the greatest ever
privacy and property expropriation since the national security apparatus
was set up after WW2, stolen from the public in the name of protecting it, given over to the homesec contractors, mediated by the homesec slicksters. "Homeland" is the false positive, as was "national defense."

@_date: 2003-07-25 12:41:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: R.I.P. (was: Re: A 'Funky A.T.M.' Lets You Pay for 
References: <523133AB-BE43-11D7-8D66-0003930F2360
  <20030725001110.GC9659
Oh, like Uday and Qusay, you can't kill this immortal fucker, nobody got the guts to plow a TOW in it. Instead, thousands of
gutless have hari-kiried by exiting the battle for well.com nutlick where the dead live in perfect, silent synchrony, so that is a no-brain, no-work option. Sit still, children, repeat this.
Hell, start a DOA mail list to bitch about how stupid people are
outside of old folks cess-suck. Read yourself sitting on a one-holer.
Nothing wrong with cypherpunks that couldn't be cured, as ever,
by more fresh young meat totally ignorant and not giving a shit
about how it used to be, only hot to throw slop at what's puked by the wizened, the reputable, the stuffed with here's
how it's meant to be.
Now that revulsion against whoever has truth by tail is a dim memory of what cpunks was meant to be, was now and again, not a place for boozy glory days telling a sanitized tale of what never happened. Pontificators are usually hooted off the list,
save for a few protected species taxidermied for darts.
The old days, don't believe them, cypherpunks was and is toxic to serious makeovers and shutdowns and lock-outs, and, never forget that PLONKS are cries of shut the fuck up and listen to me.
Pluck the PLONKS, if you don't get them you aint earning your
stay. PLONKERS little-man your wee-wees.
Hiccups a fogey one hand hanging on the bar rail, the other
rooting the floor vomit for a chawtabaccy cud ricochet from
the spit bucket.
]=;& Uday

@_date: 2003-07-29 16:20:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Someone at the Pentagon read Shockwave Rider over the  
References: Yes, Robin Hanson worked on DARPA's PAM program. Here's
his e-mail about it in May 2003:
 at gmu.edu/msg03309.html
DARPA markets on MidEast

@_date: 2003-06-03 21:36:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Maybe It's Snake Oil All the Way Down 
References: The White House Communications Agency is also working
hard to secure presidential communications, with legacy
systems needing ever-increasing maintenance and upgrades,
the market continuing to outpace the big-ticket legacy
clunker equipment, too expensive to chuck outright, yet having
flaws begging for discovery, patches galore (most relying
upon obscurity and secrecy), and the operators from the
four military branches which run the system turning over
regularly and each new wave needing special training to work the patchwork klutz, with retiring old salts who are
the only ones who know how the hybrids work and whether
they are truly secure, and not least, NSA doing it damndest
to get new systems installed in all the prez's habitats and
vehicles and layovers around the world, deploying crypto
tools partly off the shelf, partly purpose-built at Ft Meade -- and the whole precarious mess subject to a 20-year-old pulling a thumb out of the dike and letting flow proof that the leader of the free world is up to what you'd expect despite the multi-million rig to hide the obvious. Rumor is that 98%
of what is handled top secretly is trivial fluff, as with most
mil comm, SIGINT, cellphone, microwave, fiber-optic, so that
snake oil is apt protection. If all telecomm was shut down no
more would change than pulling the plug on television.
The other 2% is what the billions and billions is trying to find
among the EM cataract of plaintext and speak smoke and whine

@_date: 2003-06-11 11:09:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Secrets of Computer Espionage: Tactics and Countermeasures 
New book by cpunk Joel McNamara who runs the Tempest website:
   Secrets of Computer Espionage: Tactics and Countermeasures
by Joel McNamara
Covers electronic and wireless eavesdropping, computer surveillance, intelligence gathering, password cracking, keylogging, data duplication, black bag computer spy jobs, reconnaissance, risk assessment, legal issues, and advanced spying techniques used by the government.
Author shares easily-implemented countermeasures against spying to detect and defeat eavesdroppers and other hostile individuals.
Addresses legal issues, including the U.S. Patriot Act, legal spying in the workplace, and computer fraud crimes. ISBN 0-7645-3710-5
384 Pages
June 2003

@_date: 2003-06-13 12:26:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Spread Spectrum Image Steganography Patent 
The US Army today announced the availability of licensing
of its patent for "Spread Spectrum Image Steganography:"
      (with copy of the patent)
Patent Abstract
The Spread Spectrum Image Steganography (SSIS) of the present invention is a data hiding/secret communication steganographic system which uses digital imagery as a cover signal. SSIS provides the ability to hide a significant quantity of information bits within digital images while avoiding detection by an observer. The message is recovered with low error probability due the use of error control coding. SSIS payload is, at a minimum, an order of magnitude greater than of existing watermarking methods. Furthermore, the original image is not needed to extract the hidden information. The proposed recipient need only possess a key in order to reveal the secret message. The very existence of the hidden information is virtually undetectable by human or computer analysis. Finally, SSIS provides resiliency to transmission noise, like that found in a wireless environment and low levels of compression.
Patent No.: 6,557,103
Granted:  April 29, 2003
Boncelet, Jr.; Charles G. (Newark, DE);       Marvel; Lisa M. (Churchville, MD); Retter; Charles T. (Belcamp,  MD)
The United States of America as represented
by the Secretary of the Army (Washington, DC)

@_date: 2003-06-17 08:32:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US Encryption Export Clarified 
The Bureau of Industry and Security today issued:
Export Administration Regulations: Encryption Clarifications and SUMMARY: This rule amends the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) to clarify when encryption commodities and software may be given de minimis treatment, when short-range wireless devices incorporating encryption may be given mass market or retail treatment, and to provide guidance on when exporters are required to submit encryption review requests. It also expands the authorizations according to which travelers departing the United States may take encryption for their personal use, and clarifies that specially designed medical equipment and software are not controlled as encryption or ``information security'' items under the EAR. Finally this rule implements changes to the Wassenaar Arrangement List of dual-use items (agreed upon in the September 2002 meeting and finalized in December 2002) that eliminate from Export Control Classification Number (ECCN) 5A002 certain types of ``Personalized smart cards'' and equipment specially designed and limited to controlling access to copyright protected data.

@_date: 2003-06-19 13:21:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Destroying government computers 
References: Hatch issued a press release yesterday softening his remarks
but not recanting. His statement at the hearing does indeed
raise the national security threat of P2P in which mil and gov
computers using P2P could be attacked by evildoers and grab
nation-threatening information, or damage the machines.
This threat of commingling mil, gov and public users relates to
the recent CIA publication which says the Agency will not use
public networks to gather information in fear that classified
systems will be compromised. Thus, the Agency remains in the
dark about vast amounts of information available to the public,
which in turn likely distorts its intelligence reporting to national
It would be wondrous if the Internet gradually turns the spooks
inward to protect their out of date secrets, even more so, such that they self-destruct like other historical institutions which
became so obsessed with their secrets they lost touch with
their supporters, indeed came to see their increasingly skeptical
supporters, outsiders, as the principal threats, and so instituted
even more spying among their supporters, meanwhile neglecting
genuine threats more distantly located.
That would fit the DC model of reality, the faith in inside information
no matter how foul just so long as only a few had access to it. Perfect
setup for manipulating the dimbulbs.
Belgium has a good idea to go after war criminals whereever they
hide behind national borders, or as in Congress, legislative
immunity coutured in national security.

@_date: 2003-05-02 15:18:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Why are there so many statists and communists here on this 
References: <19163627-7CBD-11D7-8AFB-000A956B4C74
  <19163627-7CBD-11D7-8AFB-000A956B4C74
keep you Internet is Well said. But don't leave, get combative, truth comes out by hammer blows
not friendly persuasion. Telling people to shut up is a national craze reports
the Wall Street Journal, like aroma therapy.
Tim is customarily wide minded about most things, including who
posts here. When he goes on the attack, though, its purposeful, usually to hot poker fat-ass noodling. Don't expect from Tim polite disagreement, far less polite agreement.
Nobody is in charge here, nobody is the man. Everybody is a bull shitting
loser, or a loon, as Tim anoints his taunters reflexively. Choate is the norm, goddam mule, vainly stubborn and resistant to reason as you'd
expect of any coddled American self-indulgent supremacist racist ignorant peasant who believes he's an unrecognized Mensa. Give
a fool money and he's a genius, and often a crank to ward off
Best to stay alert to getting your ass rasped if you get lazy, or presume this vile extreme fighting pit a comfortable refuge.
Fuck such fake-wrestling fools to death, as the old fart might snarl --
just before he blows their pea-brains out to make a barbeque stew
stirred with cactus in a vat of dragon-fire jalapenos. Statist, communist, those old word farts are over if you're under 30.
Whatever happened to the iron-gut cypherpunk who was blackbelt in gobbling jalapenos?

@_date: 2003-05-12 16:49:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cryptoanarchy: violence or peace? 
Nomen Nescio twisted non-violently:
There you go again, inaptly contrasting the soft-hearted duck the draft liberals with the hard-hearted war lovers of the duck the draft Bush persuasion. Aptly, the soft-hearts and hard-hearts are two sides of the same golden butter pat, the first wring their hands at the awfulness of the hard-hearts while lapping up the luxurious benefits paid for by bacon rind predations of mean sonsofbitches, the second snarl at their bete noire faux-cripples and ne'erdowells on the dole ("useless eaters") while reaping the benefits of dirt cheap servitude in the US but mostly offshore safetly distant from the easily penetrable fortresses begging for mob assault by plane, train, careening dodge ram.
No, there's no contrast between commies and libertarians, left and right,
they're all producing vast lakes of pig shit and blaming the foul odor of
bloated self-interest on low-brow non-think chimeras of the government, corporations, the rich, the poor, the opposite, the other, those who are
different, those who have more, or less, or get more attention, or fail
to show respect, or who make fun of your fundamental beliefs, or insult
your morals, ethics, aesthetics, politics, accomplishments, looks,
way of talking, writing, joking, and worse, who have a knack for pushing overmuch sacred buttons of your ingrown fearful neurotic cult armed to
the teeth with weapons of iron and spleen and inner infant hurt feelings,
not understanding or giving a whit what you're deeply serious about,
pathologically incapable of escaping the force of.
It's not a choice, Nomen, between violence or peace, it's a matter
of spreading the golden butter infinitely thin so nobody gets an
undue globule. Fat chance in America totally committed to
cheating at rigged gambling, call that free market at the end
of a gun.

@_date: 2003-05-12 20:22:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Ames, Hanssen, Stakeknife 
An odd aspect of the Stakeknife revelation is that the prime
candidate for outing Stakeknife, an undercover agent pseudonymed
"Kevin Fulton," has had his true name on Cryptome for several months on court claims made against HMG for compensation
for years of undercover spying and the death of his stillborn
daughter allegedly caused by a security raid:
  "Kevin Fulton" is known to a number of British and Irish reporters
but none have published his true name, although the Scottish
Sunday Herald reported on Fulton's court claims without reporting
the true name of the claimant.
A British court banned publication of one of the claims which
name British intelligence officers and handlers of undercover
  On May 4 Fulton was reported in the Guardian to be threatening to reveal the identity of Stakeknife within a week if a broken deal for compensation with HMG was not made good. On May 11 the identity
was published -- not first by Cryptome as some newspapers have
said but by Scottish and Irish newspapers (Cryptome was alerted
and grabbed the stories the night of May 10).
Fulton has received several bullets indicating he will be killed for
revelations about what he learned during his undercover work,
has applied for a gun permit, and the police have refused to
grant the permit.
Fulton is one of a group of 12 former undercover agents who are
hounding HMG for protection and/or compensation, and are pissed
mightily that active agents are getting superior protection and
treatment. The former agents are being killed one by one while
HMG bides its time.
There is a slim chance that the former agents will do unto others
what is being done to them.

@_date: 2003-11-10 14:58:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Gestapo harasses John Young, appeals to patriotism, told to 
References: <53b5b1051cb213d8579fdafc02595be8
SA Renner did most of the talking and carried a
manila folder with a file name on it beginning with
"SP,"  I think. Couldn't see the remainder. He didn't open it during the session and it may have been
a prop.
They showed up without warning, no call ahead, got
past our Doberman doorman (we're on the 6th floor)
who usually calls us about visitors but didn't this time, and hasn't said a peep since the visit.
(In contrast, when I got subpoenas for the Bell grand jury and trial, the doorman called up about the Treasury agents and I met them in the street level lobby.)
Renner showed ID, asked to come in and talk. They
were here about half an hour.
I tried to get them to sit together but they carefully
bracketed me.
They asked who works with me on Cryptome, who
funds it. Me and me alone, I said.
The FBI agents asked about nobody except me. Renner
asked for ID and I showed him Duncan's, or maybe it was I sent an account to cpunks right after the visit but LNE
never processed it, nor three more later. Hence this
algebra late comer.

@_date: 2003-11-15 15:05:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Gestapo harasses John Young, appeals to patriotism, told to 
I was expecting someone else at about the same time. True, I could
have refused entry after the agent showed his ID. However, it
seemed too good an opportunity to pass up: it is pretty common
for Cryptome to get unexpected contributions. We try to remain
open lines of communication to unknown sources, if not a goodly
amount of info would never come out way.
For all I knew, and now know, the Special Agents were frauds,
of which Cryptome gets a taste regularly, perhaps more than
we know. As discussed here, spoofing is trivial to do.
Toward the end of the visit I asked SA Kelly to see his ID up close
and he displayed a wallet with a brass badge on the left and a
two-leaf ID on the right: flip left, then flip up. Was it real?
The two-leaf ID looked like the version SA Renner showed at
the door.
Trim haircuts and dark suits, healthy-looking young Caucasians,
no facial hair, shined shoes, clean teeth, no noticeable mouth or body odor, no obvious weapon bulges, polite, actually not
polite all the time: there were a few instances when mild
friction occurred, low-key warnings sent my way about
inadvertent threats to the nation with too much information
like that on Cryptome.
SA Renner was cooler than Kelly during questioning -- Kelly slightly bristled when I made a comment about free flowing information making the US stronger, the agent saying, yes, but information can be misused. He bristled a lot more when
I said I would publish their names, "make them famous." At
the word "famous" Kelly said, smiling "really, I haven't had that before."
Renner was quieter on naming names, knowing that there
was a CNN story out about him. But he too mildly protested
with the "hazard to the family" shtick.
Kelly said, "you know we can be found by knowing our
names, get shot for what we do." That reminded me of
Jeff Gordon, but I didn't snort.
Kelly leaned forward in his wing-back chair, slightly aggressive, whereas Renner sat upright at a table, case file in front, posing most of the questions to me.
Now, if I had refused the agents entry could I be telling this
dinky inside story? Perhaps better will be the second visit, or door-busting and marching downstairs in handcuffs, or dark-van-snatch on the street, or my family and customers
and friends questioned and warned, my assets seized
and listed in the New York Times, gosh, what notoriety
being a questionable patriot can lead to -- maybe right
up there at the foot soles of the Special Agents, real or Confirming the allegation about idiot witnesses, I am
sure I would not recognize either agent if I saw them
again. The IDs yes, and the questions, but not the
bland biometrics.

@_date: 2003-11-18 19:51:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Gestapo harasses John Young, appeals to patriotism, told to 
References: <35B20BC1-14CD-11D8-9E9D-000A956B4C74
  <53b5b1051cb213d8579fdafc02595be8
  <35B20BC1-14CD-11D8-9E9D-000A956B4C74
I've consulted a lawyer or two about Cryptome, and their advice
is don't do it, but if you do we're here. So I no longer ask for
legal advice.
My advice, and it's legally superior to legal advice: take care
of yourself, the threats are not as bad as the advisors advise.
Most lawyers I've dealt with advise to get along with the system, which may be sound legal advice but shitty for dissent.
I spend several thousand dollars a year on legal
services for business and personal matters, but not for Cryptome. Abiding legal advice would kill the varmint.
I once proposed to Declan that he get thrown in jail for
his reporting, to give a big boost to his credibility and
career, to break away from the getalong pack. That was in
Tacoma, in the Federal Courthouse cafeteria, taking
a break from the Bell show trial.
I'd like to visit Declan in the pokey, sneak him a tube of
getalong lubricant.

@_date: 2003-11-30 07:40:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Gestapo harasses John Young, appeals to patriotism, told to 
References: <36b19a2865c067e685aaeb5d1a005785
My comment about the SAs having no noticeable body odor
came out the notion that persons on a dangerous mission
emit an easily identifiable smell, a smell not unlike that
emitted by an unwary target when suddently confronted with Innocents need not worry about these unintentional fear
emanations. Same for an old time warrior whose body has
evolved to emit a persistent stench of constant fear that overrides transitory wafts of panic aerating an urge to flee or submit.
Constant fear of being attacked comes from daily warfare
in NYC, call it urban terrorism, where territorial dispute is
unending, and there is nobody who is not out to grab what
you got, most often under pretense of helping you, offering
friendly advice, getting inside your defenses with the
kind of behavior you are sure you'd never fall for -- upon
later reflection on what happened to yor best laid plans
to not be suckered.
Over-confidence, in attacker and target, that lack of the odor of danger, is certain to draw attention to weaknesses
ready for exploitation.
This bunker is saturated with moth balls, still visitors
complain of rotted carcass. BO plenty.

@_date: 2003-11-30 15:07:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FOIA Data Mining 
We've made a few FOIA requests, but none have produced a
flood of paper like that made to the US Army INSCOM for a list
of military intelligence files provided by anonymous, most dating from the 1940s and 1950s but some up to the 70s and 80s.
An aspect of the response has been INSCOM forwarding our request to a host of other agencies which originated certain files: State, Justice, FBI, CIA, other Army sections, Air Force,
Navy, and so on. These have been dribbling in, nearly all
heavily redacted or flat out refused.
A characteristic of the responses has been the labels on
the envelopes: nearly all typed and thereby capable of being
added to, or already entered into, a database on me and
Cryptome. One exception: the FBI, which hand writes the address. Is this due to crappy label printing capability (which we all share) or an attempt to obscure that the address has been, or could
be, put in a data base? Transmittal letters are typed so that means the data has been digitized (or typewriter written), so why else the hand writing? Has the Bureau been sued for digital labelling correspondents?
Do printed labels tell too much about the agency, source of toner,
supplier of fonts and word-processing programs, paper manufacturer,
tiny flecks of skin and/or fingerprints on the label adhesive? Does
hand writing analysis show the origin of the ink, the birthplace and
ethnicity of the writer, her/his state of mind -- on the verge of a
nervous breakdown, ready to kill or leak or go over to the enemy,
sexually drained by bosses horniness, a skinny dreaming of Twinkies -- thus does the laboratory investigate FOIA requests
sent to the FBI directly and more importantly those forwarded
by other the enemy: other agencies spilling the beans about
vast data gathering.
Redactions are an art form, there have been several NYC exhibits
of redacted FBI files, and more coming from their twisted sisters.
The great barrels of ink used to make redactions contains volumes of raw data which will be revealed when the ink disappears.

@_date: 2003-10-02 16:10:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Return of the death of cypherpunks. 
References: <3AE04F68-E2FA-11D7-87EC-000A956B4C74
  <5.2.1.1.0.20030909114314.04a30ec0
James overlooks the agricultural virtue of cypherpunks death and rebirth for the natural cycle gets rid of old growth and allows for a new improved version. No doubt the old crop doesn't get much satisfaction being taken for manure, nor do the new sprouts see any reason to hail the shit doing what it's supposed to do.
Cypherpunks surely will not vaunt tradition when innovation
starts to peter out.
True, declaring the war is won and going over to war-storying is a grand tradition of bullshitting.

@_date: 2003-10-11 10:53:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Nuking USG: not just for cypherpunks anymore 
References: <3F878396.48E949FE <3F878396.48E949FE
According to the Reuters account below, it was Robertson, not Mowbray,  who called for the State Department nuking.
A Virginia citizen who would be nuked if State is, has reported
Robertson to the FBI TIPS, observing that a Muslim cleric who
made such a comment would surely be arrested or detained.
Robertson's fatwah, even so, is worth admiring as a frustrated
fundy fire and brimstone featherduster. Whether he would call for the same atomization of other useless breastbeaters like himself is a question for Tammy Faye.
State Department Protests Televangelist's Remark
Fri Oct 10,10:48 AM ET
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The State Department has protested to televangelist Pat Robertson about his "despicable" suggestion that someone blow up the department with a nuclear bomb, an official said on Thursday.   Robertson, a former presidential candidate, made the remark in an interview with Joel Mowbray, author of a new book entitled "Dangerous Diplomacy: How the State Department Endangers America's Security." State Department spokesman Richard Boucher, asked to comment, said on Thursday: "I lack sufficient capabilities to express my disdain.
 ... I think the very idea is despicable." The department has made its views clear to Robertson, added a State Department official, who asked not to be named. Introducing Mowbray on his Christian Broadcasting Network, Robertson said that a person who read Mowbray's book would reach the conclusion that a nuclear explosion at the State Department was the best solution. "I read your book. When you get through, you say (to yourself): 'If I could just get a nuclear device inside Foggy Bottom (the State Department's main building), I think that's the answer' and you say: 'We've got to blow that thing up.' I mean, is it as bad as you say?" he said. "It is," Mowbray replied. Mowbray himself did not make the suggestion, either in his book or in the interview. According to the network's Web site, Mowbray's book "exposes the mixed allegiances, hidden agendas, and outright anti-Americanism found in the State Department."

@_date: 2003-10-14 12:44:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Test of BIOS Spyware 
We received the note below about spyware allegedly created for
a Maryland agency with code which needs to be tested.
We'd appreciate feedback on the note and the code. Beware
of a sting. The code:
  The note:
CPR Tools Inc. of Labelle, Florida is engaged in the
development of software which becomes part of the
firmware BIOS of a PC motherboard and takes control of
a users PC before the operating system is loaded. This
enables the software to spy on the user and remain
hidden to the operating system. The software is
designed to be installed from a floppy disk which
modifies the original BIOS, replacing it with the
modified BIOS containing the "spyware" The software
was developed for a government agency in Maryland.
Versions of the software for a ASUS P4B266 motherboard
and an IBM Netvista 8311 motherboard have been
developed with other versions under development.
Attached is a copy of the software, ExpCode.ASM, the
version for the P4B266 motherboard. The .ASM file is
assembled and converted into a .BIN file which is then
pasted over a section of the  original BIOS .BIN
file. The checksum at the end of the BIOS is
subsequently adjusted to make the BIOS checksum valid.
CPR Tools [
730 East Cowboy Way
Labelle, FL 33935
(863) 674-0120
Antonio Jesus Alvarez		tony at netwacci.net
Candy Michelle Alvarez

@_date: 2003-09-09 20:32:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GSM Crack Paper 
References: <3F5E45BB.5070908 <3F5E014B.4B11A4C7
  <3F5E45BB.5070908
"Instant Ciphertext-Only Cryptanalysis of GSM Encrypted
Communications," by Elad Barkan, Eli Biham, Nathan Keller
    (18 Pages, 234KB)
Abstract. In this paper we present a very practical cipher-text only
cryptanalysis of GSM encrypted communications, and various active
attacks on the GSM protocols. These attacks can even break into
GSM networks that use "unbreakable" ciphers. We describe a
ciphertext-only attack on A5/2 that requires a few dozen milliseconds
of encrypted off-the-air cellular conversation and finds the correct
key in less than a second on a personal computer. We then extend
this attack to a (more complex) ciphertext-only attack on A5/1. We
describe new attacks on the protocols of networks that use A5/1, A5/3,
or even GPRS. These attacks are based on security flaws of the GSM
protocols, and work whenever the mobile phone supports A5/2. We
emphasize that these attacks are on the protocols, and are thus
applicable whenever the cellular phone supports a weak cipher, for
instance they are also applicable using the cryptanalysis of A5/1.
Unlike previous attacks on GSM that require unrealistic information,
like long known plaintext periods, our attacks are very practical and
do not require any knowledge of the content of the conversation.
These attacks allow attackers to tap conversations and decrypt
them either in real-time, or at any later time. We also show active
attacks, such as call hijacking, altering data messages and call

@_date: 2003-09-10 22:29:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: unintended consequences: Davis recall leads to US internal 
References: <3F5FA7DD.7010900
Don't ever respond to a jury summons by showing up or calling
in. If you do then you'll forever be in the sucker-responsive data The warnings in summons are shinola shit, effective only on those
who are indoctrinated to fear official warnings printed on paper.
If you get a summons in the form of a subpoena, served by
an official, and you accept it in person, that is different, that
is grounds to initiate action to overthrow law and order, to
sidle to the jury room and piss on the the following-are-prohibited sign, to go nuts, to be unreliable, to be not-jury worthy. The simply mailed kind of summons are ignorable. There is no benefit, anymore, to serving on a jury for it only to legitimates a bloated justice system which most often serves itself, not justice. The justice crowd is no longer answerable to the citizens it was intended, and paid handsomely, to serve.
No doubt, if you have nothing better to do, then go forth and
be treated as a sub-human by the jury-calling adminstrators
who act especially trained to make citizens despise government,
until appearing before a judge who will make citizens hate, nay,
lust to guillotine, tax-suckers. Period.

@_date: 2003-09-12 13:05:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Satellite Tracking of Suspects Requires a Warrant, Court 
Yes, GPS tracking was allegedly done to Jim, and its illegality is one of the points of his appeal. He claims that the legal basis for installing the device and data-spotting his movements were flawed. And that there were problems as well with interpretation of the data. Jim tried to argue this during his trial but neither his
defense attorney or the judge would allow the argument,
so sacred is the blind belief that the official use of the tracking technology is so content neutral, so credible, as if fingerprints, lie detector, DNA, or criminal crypto.
The agents who installed the criminal tracking device
and interpreted (doctored) the data, were in the courtroom
and smiled broadly at Jim's futile challenge of conventional
It is possible that there was no device and the whole rig
was made up in the narc lab, using physical tailing as
the source of info needed to confect digital, ie, neutral, evidence.
This follows, naturally, the fact that agents' testimony is
not believed by anyone any more, so often do they lie.
Lying technology has not yet had its truth told, or at not
yet believed that it is no better than official lying. George Maschke has made some headway against the polygraph ( and fingerprints are not as convincing as they once were, fakes being easy to make, although DNA is a runaway train, and biometrics are believed to be FUD-free. Hoot, hoot.

@_date: 2003-09-13 15:11:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Another Cypherpunks Investigation? 
References:   <3F623BF3.2309.7A8A783
Based on when Rat began to post, and the gush of charges
allegedly made against him elsewhere and in the US, James
would appear to be probably right about the nut-case being an
agent provocateur, either government run or self-appointed.
Self-appointed provocateurs all too often wind up working for
the authorities once they gain access to or credibility with
enemies of the state.
Still, some may recall that CJ was charged similarly, but still
went to jail. Not that going to jail clears a rat, rather it may
indicate a deeper deception.
What happens to a person during jail, facing charges, being
questioned, seemingly cleared, then reappearing behaving
even more provocatively, fits the pattern of the agent
But inducing a party to behave like an agent provocateur
is a methodology oft used by handlers of agents. Smearing
a genuine dissident with charges of being a government agent
is also a hoary technique.
Fostering dissent is the favorite way governments assure
their survival by being forever vigilante, forever being needed
to protect the unwary, forever cooking up new threats to the
Indeed without dissent, especially vociferous and verging
on violence, governments might wither, as commies
and fascists well know and backscratch each other.
Professor Rat does indeed appear to be a pro, reminds of the gang that pokied Jim Bell before 9/11, and now are eager to keep the counter-cyber-terrorism careers aflowering. Witness Jessica Stern and a host of others, feeding and being
fed by the justice cartel worldwide, pleased as shit at the
bountiful evidence-provocation-fabricator: the Net.
If cypherpunks did not exist, prosecutors and rats would
have to invent it, in the narc lab, oops, DARPA.

@_date: 2004-08-01 14:51:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Al-Q targeting NY corporations? 
Not yet aware the NY-bound wetback had been nabbed we posted material and photos on July 29 about how Amtrak and Long Island Railroad Manhattan tunnels provide easy access to Madison Square Garden located above subterranean Penn Station and the nearby post office where the thousands of press are to be isolated from protestors:
We noted that the tunnels are known to be highly hazardous due to
lack of fire protection and emergency exits.
Shortly a flood of hits started coming from federal, NY state and NYC
security IPs -- Treasury, Homeland Security, DOT, GSA; Kallstrom's
NYS Office of Public Security and a host of Albany agencies; NYPD,
FDNY, the Transit Agency; Suffolk County adjoining NYC; various
from New Jersey; and a slew of other locations. While some were
familiar, a lot of these had not come around before.
None telephoned or visited, maybe during the work week when the
round-up begins as a result of squeezing the intruder.
Presumably red-team postings -- call them chatter, or better: the naming of specific targets -- get fired off to tight-fisted financing agencies to cut loose some emergency bucks, in the Bush re-election manner.
Many more to come before November. Perhaps some real, more
more likely fabbed from odds and ends sucked from the ether
of hard-up operatives -- NYPD Intelligence Commish is ex-CIA.
Ridge has just named names of targets, being unable to get
serious attention with over-used chatter. One notable target in
every major city, perfect campaign fodder.
We'll be providing more red-team tell-tales of what's wrong with
security in NYC, pisspoor at warding off those who hate it, great
at alluring the haters to its sin spots, Wall Street, finance cesses, et al, many such love-haters who will soon be convening to expurge their sins at the hallowed ground zip, praying for more of the
golden natsec rain.

@_date: 2004-08-03 09:20:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Al-Q targeting NY corporations? 
References: <410F0530.B361447D  <410F0530.B361447D
Indeed, this is the way of US founding fathers, as with today's corporations and citizenry enjoying global predation.
Rebellion against authority using its tools and resources is the only rebellion that works. And the only one feared by authorities,
knowing at they do from their own practice, stealing the money
from where it is, is banking 101, Dillinger a pennyante banker
like Osama.
Now, if you were enjoying your stolen wealth wouldn't you
demonize and kill those who tried to do the same?
Machiavelli, ur bandit apologist, studied avidly at .mil academies
and ever more war think tanks.

@_date: 2004-08-05 10:28:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Texas oil refineries, a White Van, and Al Qaeda 
References: Waiting in a public lobby of an educational facility in NYC I was asked
to move by a dame at the security desk. Huh, I said, why? She said
you're blocking my view, I have to see everything going on. So I moved
two inches, grinned, said show me your tits, sure she'd like the Seinfeld line from Boy in A Bubble. Sgt Madam banged a 10-13 bell and six more dames encircled me aiming their protuberances terrifically. Whoa, I said, gobbling a 360 bubbling cheek-swipe of the twelve knobbies, 6 badges, 6 nym tags, ripping leaks and smearing Tyson's blood and spit on their mountainous blue fronts. Then the six-pack array-pivoted 180 and jack-rammed me senseless with hard butts, flashlights, cuffs,
and swear-to-god hard leather pouches of powderpuffs and tampons, and, ass-clenching me upright, jitterbugged to the holding pen, where I was sloshed with a bucket of icewater, stripped searched, body cavitied, Abu Ghraibian privates ridiculed, magic-markered pederast to symbol who rules domestically, not the caucasian dodos peddling silly secrets of terrorists about to shit on civilization.

@_date: 2004-08-09 20:19:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Overcomes Fiber-Optic and Encryption 
Excerpt below from a Baltimore Sun article of August 8, 2004.
Some of it could be true, but.
Director of NSA shifts to new path
By Scott Shane
Sun National Staff
August 8, 2004  Technology revolution   Given the dire assessments a few years ago, it is notable that Hayden says the communications revolution has on the whole been a plus, not a minus, for the NSA.   The NSA director declines to elaborate. But interviews with outside experts suggest that the agency has managed to overcome the challenges posed by fiber-optic cable and encryption.   "My opinion is that at this point, those are little more than a speed bump to NSA," says Steve Uhrig, president of SWS Security, a Harford County firm that builds eavesdropping and counter-eavesdropping systems for U.S. and foreign police agencies. "They have a virtually unlimited budget, and they can put amazing resources to work on a problem."   Several sources who regularly speak with NSA officials say they believe Uhrig is right. Although they do not know the details, they say the agency has almost certainly managed to tap fiber cables on a large-scale basis, making access to the information inside less of a problem than its overwhelming volume.   The NSA has also found a silver lining to the use of encrypted e-mail: Even if a particular message cannot be read, the very use of encryption can flag it for NSA's attention. By tracking the relatively few Internet users in a certain country or region who take such security measures, NSA analysts might be able to sketch a picture of a terrorist network.   Information 'in motion'   And by focusing their electronic tricks on messages as they are first typed on a computer or when they are read on the other end - what security experts call "information at rest" - NSA technical experts might be able to bypass otherwise-unbreakable encryption used when the information is "in motion."   Meanwhile, the popularity of e-mail and particularly of cell phones has worked to the NSA's advantage in the battle against terrorism.   The NSA's computers can track and sort huge volumes of e-mail far more easily than they can manage telephone intercepts, because text is consistently represented in digital code.   And cell phones - as handy for terrorist plotters as for everyone else - provide not just an eavesdropping target but also a way to physically track the user.   Uhrig, who has installed cellular intercept systems in several countries, says that as cell phones have proliferated, the "cells" served by a tower or other antenna have correspondingly grown smaller. "A big hotel may have a cell for every other floor. Every big office building is its own cell," he says.   Easier tracking   By following a switched-on cell phone as it shifts from cell to cell, "you can watch the person move," Uhrig says. "You can tell the direction he's moving. If he's moving slow, he's walking. If he's moving fast, he's in a car. The tracking is sometimes of much more interest than the contents of a call."

@_date: 2004-08-12 10:30:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ABC News: Internet and Terrorism 
ABC News is offering a report this evening on how
the Internet may be helping terrorism. For it Cryptome was
grilled and taped yesterday for aiding and abetting. We confessed it's due to brain-liberating by the manchurian

@_date: 2004-08-12 20:41:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cryptome on ABC Evening News? 
References: <0408130039010.10433   <0408130039010.10433
There a text version of the report on abcnews.com and a video
is available to subscribers.
To keep the nation secure the web site is not named. Google
search appears to do it based on hate mail coming in.

@_date: 2004-08-20 11:44:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: T. Kennedy == Terrorist says TSA 
References: The ban on Teddie flying had nothing to do with natsec. Years
ago it was tried due to his being drunk and his stench of piss, vomit
and scotch. Later, it was tried due to his being drunk, stinking, and too fat to fit in a single seat, demanding two or more, depending on whether he could be propped upright. Nobody from the
Kennedy clan could or would travel with him. Aides had to
go ahead to prepare the way for public "Irish strut-stagger," so Kennedy never got refused until he was ready to make a federal case about it.
To be sure, members of both parties behave in public as pigs at trough, laced with whiskey or dope or tranquilizers or all.
Ban them from public transport, which they use only occasionally
to appear to be a little piggy, pray for frayed wiring on their private means of transport.

@_date: 2004-08-20 20:11:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Another John Young Sighting 
That was a surprise and I missed it. Saw the re-run just
now. Pretty funny, ISTM.
The clip was from an AP TV piece which was taped
just before the recent AP story. One day a still photographer
and video guy came to do a follow-up to a telephone interview
by Tom Hays, the AP reporter. No fanfare like the ABC
News gang. The two were in and out in 20 minutes. Each
carried his own equipment, the TV guy packing a heavy
shoulder camera. No lighting, no rigging, a mic, a recorder,
the camera.
He asked a couple of questions, said just talk, so I did.
He said turn off the radio. Shot the barking carcass. He said
walk down the corridor, don't talk. He shot a couple of scrolling screens, packed up, took off.
The still camera guy was the only journalist over recent
days who showed press ID, wore it around his neck. He was a black man, so it figures. He said, without prompting,
you know it's amazing how people let the press into
their homes and offices, no questions asked. We could
be cops or feds and nobody'd know. He said a couple of
guys showed up at his home while the baby-sitter and
his daughter were alone, had talked their way past the
doorman, said they were cops, but showed no ID. The
baby-sitter said show me ID. The guys said we don't
need to. The babysitter said go to hell and slammed the door. The next day, the photog called the precinct
to see if its cops had come. Precinct said nobody from
here went there, but maybe they were from another
jurisdiction. He said he never learned who they were
or why they came.
A black women reporter came a couple of days ago,
showed no ID but mesmerizing giant hooters in a deep-cut blouse. Don't remember what I told her, her name or
who she worked for. Fought hard to look at her eyes,
I think.

@_date: 2004-08-23 20:50:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Another John Young Sighting 
The FBI visit took place in November 2003. Here's an account:
The John Stewart piece excerpted an AP-TV clip taped on August 16 which was a supplement to an AP story about FBI
harassment of potential RNC protestors. AP, like ABC News, confused the unrelated November visit with the August RNC visits. What got their attention
were Cryptome's aerials and maps -- red-team exposure
of vulnerabilities around Madison Square Garden, and
our accusation of NYC security by obscurity. No feds or LEs have inquired about those obvious weaknesses.
During interviews we've tried to explain this but that
didn't mean shit to the interviewers who were looking for people to brand anarchists who had been smeared by FBI
visits. Why are you helping terrorists, they chant.
We had no contact with the Daily Show. And didn't use
the term anarchist in interviews although several interviewers
urged it.
We told one interviewer that anarchism was too mild for
our intention to undermine civilization, to rid the earth of
humanity, for the planet to shrivel into nothingness, to
accept that the desire to be god was a useless passion. Oh shit, he said, you're a Sartrean.
Merde, oui.

@_date: 2004-08-29 07:20:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: JYA's 1st FBI visit?  
References: <200408290538.i7T5cTE4064216   <200408290538.i7T5cTE4064216
The FBI has been set up next door since 1997. Their sole visit was due to stakeouts ringing the wrong door bell.
The bastards bang on the wall when it's too quiet in here.
Hey, they yell, "baby needs new shoes" -- the signal
for us to punch F8 -- pre-recorded for the day's EOS.
Wouldn't you play the FBI Terrorist Task Force's contracted EOS for $200K a year? This long-running Broadway hit got started with the Commies, whose babies needed on-the-dole
shoes, too. No threat to the State, no need for the octupus. No police
state, no need for anarchists. Lots of happy faces in NYC
We photo'd a group of five "undercover" agents yesterday at one of the lift-gates at Madison Square Garden. Got their attention with the facial-recognition databanking, they not being sure we weren't with internal affairs, so they squint-eyed for the mug shots, the game tape assessment. We kept it up for ten minutes, me freely circling their station, them behind the barricades like penned protestors baiting the oppressors.
Another photographer tried doing that and got busted by
other officers ready to pounce. I got the orchestrated bust,
pre-planned for TV, for DoJ's surveilling crew taping
NYC internal affairs surveilling cops, cops surveilling
thousands passing by indifferently.
The feds seem to think NYC cops will betray the State
for a salary boost, the people betray the police for a
and end to taxation. Cops got in bed with the Commies, why not with thank-god-for-EOS GOP?
Sorry, repeat the question.

@_date: 2004-08-31 17:17:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Backdoor found in Diebold Voting Tabulators 
References: <1093981498.4134d53a6b6cf@   <20040831122900.B29323   <1093981498.4134d53a6b6cf@
No problem accessing blackbox.org and Parts 1 and 2 of the file at 5:15 PM EST.
Perhaps there are blocks on some incoming routes.

@_date: 2004-12-01 10:59:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Anti-RFID outfit deflates Mexican VeriChip hype 
References: Lying about having an implant is kidnapping and mutilation
protection. Whether any justice official, with or without a
denied implant, will be believed by the slicers is no different
than the terrorism risk of anyone living within 100 miles of a
US defense base and/or industry, or Wall Street suckblood
HQ. No matter that the implantee likes to hide among the innocent, the families of the protective servicers are easy
ransom, easy lessons taught for no safe sanctuary.
Bring em on, oops, they are here already. Darn, it wasn't
the commies and nazis who were the threat, it was your
indolent life-style paid for by your swell-paid, smarter wife, up to women-empowered thieving the marketplace and making innumerable enemies for you to blame for your swelling brain fat-globules.
Pray the draft is women-empowered so there's no need
to shanghai the overaged, over-decrepit, over-funny-loving,
inbred-feeders, pray for the Condies and the Maggies to fight the gameboy-dreamy battles, really face-to-face,
not just stomp-hoof the youngsters into hell for a face-save
the empire.
And that's not all. James Donald, you're losing your vile
truth-twisting tongue, what with your conciliatory mein recently. Get your shaggy blue-balled mouth-organ off the commie-nazi symp gravy train.

@_date: 2004-12-06 12:52:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Michael Riconosciuto, PROMIS 
References: <1102305172.27835.16.camel
Cryptome hosts a 2000 book excerpt on PROMIS as
allegedly used by Mossad, though not much about
the technical details of the program:
The file has links to other information on Riconosciuto
offered by Orlin Grabbe, a long-time supporter of
Back then we telephoned Hamilton about his DoJ travails
and he politely refused to discuss the topic.
A TEMPEST backdoor in PROMIS would be interesting
for what it would take configure code to emit identifiable
signals. Code emits signals, as does any transmission, but not easily identifiable or correlatable with the code, but perhaps it can be done. Capabilities and sensitivity of interception is a dark world, as was TEMPEST in its early years. Now what passes for knowledge about TEMPEST is hardly all there is to know. Indeed, some think that most of the information about the technolody now in the public domain is disinfo.
The TEMPEST material released under FOI to Cryptome some years ago should be seen as part of the camouflage
about what's now being done in EM interception,
analysis, tracking, and not least, smoke blowing.
PROMIS is sufficiently old, if not a hoary horse, that
it could be used now to honey-pot eager buyers to
induce trust where it's not to be found, following the lead of Bill Gates, if not floater Robert Maxwell. Intel has
come a long way since the lazy days of the Cold War
when agent double-crossing and the inside US/USSR
mil-joke-con of Mutually Assured Destruction was all to worry about.

@_date: 2004-12-14 21:01:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Steve Thompson 
References: <41BF0790.3060202
One of the earliest lessons learned on cypherpunks is to
post pseudonymously in several disguises, saving one
nym for really trustworthy comments. The credibility of
that No. 1 nym is slowly built by attacking it yourself and
either mounting impressive defenses, bribing others to
defend it, making a fool of yourself when you get your
nyms confused and use the wrong grammar and syntax
and forwardings and remailings and backtrackings and
oops sorry I sent that private mail to the list, and coca-cola noseblowing, and indignant unsubbing,
resubbing to send nastygrams to those who pilloried
and ridiculed you while you covertly lurked to see if
anybody gave a damn about your worthless existence
and superficial, apish ideas.
Getting soundly trashed is an honor among net trash
haulers, so pay your dues and shit on yourself from
multitudes of personas, it's what the founders did and
Nobody leaves cypherpunks, nobody gets in. You claim
an identity you a lying ignorant sumbitch addicted to
None of this applies to real people out there, lost in

@_date: 2004-12-19 12:43:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Coffee, Tea, or Should We Feel Your Pregnant Wife's   
About Why We Put You There?
References: Excellent rejoinder to Mr. Monahan. The same could be
said of the Internet, hell, make a leap, same applies to the government. Stop using the Net and digital security and privacy problems will vanish. Stop paying taxes and the gov will disappear. Nothing about 9/11 changed that.
Well, the Net got more invasive and the gov more
intrusive. Still, just give them both up, retreat to the
hilltop or Okefenokee or no census nabe, eat spiders and snakes and varmints or even better get eaten by them, your cold dead middle finger marking the scene of dawinism off the grid.
Meanwhile a small fat-bellied band in the heartland of
birght-lit luxury will crow at the rigged suicide of another useless eater, the group log on to Rummie's inbox to type, thanks old man, those invites to defiance work wonders to red dot the hot blood bitchers.
Burp, hiccup, lick lobe, suck snot, poot, pat glock, order
more fodder, clap for market uptick, bray for another
Walter Reed amputee refit Dell-modeled efficient.

@_date: 2004-02-13 20:13:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Call to the Usual Suspects 
Follow the invisible man's rainbow socks in sandals. The real emitter
not the no-knock-knocks wearing Tempest protection and LEDs
in horn-rims.
Hear their beeps, scatter, there's a nab acoming.
Once I almost met a cpunk, then it vanished, lo, it was
a cyberpunk oozing.

@_date: 2004-02-16 15:04:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GPS Goes to Court 
So when does illegal-GPS-bit Jim Bell get out of the pokey and a public apology from the DEA (who planted it), IRS (who
asked for it), Treasury (who wanted to nail a tax-dissident)
US Attorney (who wanted a law partnership), Judge Tanner
(who is blind to justice), US News and World Report (who needed raw feed), Jessica Stern (who needed a crucifixion), and Justice Scalia (who needed a ride-bribe)?
No doubt there will be a specious argument that Washington
State courts don't trump federal, so it will take the ACLU
another 100 years to come to Jim's defense -- he's so un-fund-raisable pre-911, so politically indigestible.

@_date: 2004-01-01 00:19:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Vengeance Libertarianism 
References: <5226A355-3BD2-11D8-8654-000A956B4C74
  <15c.2a35ab04.2d245176
No, Tyler, James and John said none of the alleged cliches.
These are chimeras Tim fantasizes to buttress his demotic
vainglory, bless his shriveled heart, his throbbing headcrimp.
Still, I think Tim is the funniest of cypherpunks, though it takes
a strong stomach, or a cruelty-is-pleasure likemind, to enjoy his dry as sand grist. Gypsies, as with welfare cheats, talk
the talk of Tim, imitating those who disparage the outcast,
who refuses to hold a steady job, too smart to fall for the
call to pull your fair share load.
When Tim gets going on his seemingly vile attacks on the
downtrodden it is admirably like the downtrodden I grew up
with: it takes one to know one, and their vulnerabilities, those
of the outcast eager to hammer, ridicule, belly laugh at, those
of similar condemnation by inbred supremacists, themselves
not long out of the ghetto. Nietzsche called this shot as he too shot himself futilely professing claims of  superiority.
What can you do when society at large remains indifferent to
your plight except propound your virtues despite those virtues
being named by the dominant society as faults. Calvin spouted
the lament of the excluded, proclaimed the outcasts the chosen,
aping those who armed the peasants against their masters.
Stigma is inescapable until you overthrow the stigmatizers, and in turn stigmatize others to maintain your evanescent superiority,
as did your oppressors, and will do again as soon as they whip
your lazy ass grown soft by belief you're impregnable. So goes
the fall of empires, so goes the blinding conceit, crippling addiction, of supremacists of any skin hue, of any economic surety.
The yawning grave beckons the folly peddlers of immortality,
of singular salvation from terror of utter cessation.
A joke, human aspiration for higher being. Thus spake

@_date: 2004-01-03 20:28:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: So many statists 
References: <1073170867.1160.59.camel
  <42C3EB67-3CCD-11D8-8654-000A956B4C74
  <09E34BE8-3DEE-11D8-B1A2-000A95B18462
  <1073170867.1160.59.camel
Tim has become so proprietary about cypherpunks it's strange
that he's never operated a node himself, or underwritten all of
them in the generous spirit of John Gilmore. Maybe Tim has
been underwriting them quietly and that accounts for his obnoxious bitching when the discourse doesn't go the way
he wants it -- he being a believer in getting good head for
his money, or else, plonk the hoes.
Drug dealers work the same model, as do pimps, and
bandits, and big-shit right-wing thugs CEOs, none of whom love the urchins who drain their pickles, generate their wealth, instead they yarp the Calvinist creed that economic success equates with superior human value, that if you're not wealthy
you're not of much account, rather than admit the evidence that the opposite is most often true, that wealthy people are
some of the dumbest people on earth, fountainheads of
blather, and got to have obsequious minions -- usually (low)
paid, but if not then brainwashed -- on hand at all times to listen to their cantankerous tommyrot fantasies ever-generated to avoid pondering the consequences of their brutish exploitation.
Tim repeatedly abandons cyperpunks when one of his spews
gets dissed. Goes elsewhere looking for admirers or newbies
to pound, and if pounded back, comes back to cypherpunks
to plead to ye old tyme succor, parading his past accomplishments
to see who'll applaud.
Same same same comes out of idlers worldwide, the wealthy
ones the most so. But even welfare cheats talk Tim's talk,
rather Tim whines like welfare cheats, both sharing contempt for people like themselves, but hoping by blaming others their
own shiftlessness will be overlooked.
There are wealthy people who don't suffer Tim's conceited warped
negativizing narcissism. Some of them have supported cypherpunks
with far more than derivative, endlessly recycled opinions and
braggardy. True, these goodhearts are the exception among typically
vile "successful" assholes, but they save the whole rotten barrel of the rich from getting what it deserves.
That is why Tim fears Gilmore's courage, envy.

@_date: 2004-07-19 14:49:46
@_author: Jya 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
>Animals
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/octet-stream which had a name of Dog.com]

@_date: 2004-07-19 17:55:32
@_author: Jya 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
>Animals
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/octet-stream which had a name of Doll.scr]

@_date: 2004-07-21 08:31:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto     
References: <40FDEA71.6DBF9CAF  <40FDEA71.6DBF9CAF
There's a trial underway in New York City which involves extensive
testimony from the FBI on its means and methods of tapping phone,
fax and e-mail as well as covert video tapping and audio recording
of the three defendants, one of whom is a NYC lawyer, Lynne Stewart,
the other two usual Muslim suspects. The daily transcripts:
A lot of the early proceeding is dry legal maneurvering so you got to dig
for the technical testimony.
One defendant had 85,000 interceptions over several years, and
as intercept systems changed from analogue (Lockheed Martin) to digital (Raytheon) the conversion and archiving process lost a crucial portion of the intercepts, a basis of charges. Defense lawyers are hammering the FBI witnesses on how this could have occurred, and in the process eliciting a good bit of interesting info on the means and methods, as well as the reputation and ability of the witnesses and the Lockheed and Raytheon interception, manipulation
and archiving systems.
Testimony shows that the FBI continues to rely upon service providers
and contractors for the technical intercepts and freely admit that
the bureau could not do it otherwise. What is done with the raw
intercepts afterwards by the FBI collection, analysis and technical
staff in the field and at the Quantico Engineering Research Facility,
meticulously directed by US Attorneys to pick and choose among the data to support the charges, is what the defense is challenging.
At some point the contractors will be called to describe what takes place beyond FBI capability. The prosecution appears not to want
to go there, so accustomed are they to using the FBI as expert
witnesses to set the limits of jury and the public exposure to the possibilities of counter-interception.
Not a word yet about encryption, although some of the testimony
has been sealed.

@_date: 2004-07-25 14:39:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Feds and Yahoo Muzzle DNC Security Whistleblower 
It appears that the Feds and LEA at the DNC Convention
have ordered Yahoo to axe the mail list TSCM-L run by James
Atkinson for his blistering attack on security at the convention.
  Jim's reports on the inferior security:
    The mail list had nothing to do with these reports, and the
gag appears to be spite against Atkinson for whistleblowing.
However, the mail list purpose is likely to have scared them more than his insecurity reports:
TSCM-L Technical Security Mailing List
Dedicated to TSCM specialists engaging in expert technical and analytical research for the detection, nullification, and isolation of eavesdropping devices, wiretaps, bugging devices, technical surveillance penetrations, technical surveillance hazards, and physical security weaknesses. This also includes bug detection, bug sweep, and wiretap detection services.
Special emphasis is given to detecting and countering espionage and other threats and activities directed by foreign intelligence services against the United States Government, United States corporations, establishments, and citizens.
The list includes technical discussion regarding the design and construction of SCIF facilities, Black Chambers, and Screen Rooms. This list is also for discussing DIAM 50-3, NSA-65, and DCID 1/21, 1/22 compliance.
The primary goal and mission of this list is to "raise the bar" and increase the level of professionalism present within the TSCM business.
The secondary goal of this list is and increase the quality and effectiveness of our efforts so that we give spies and eavesdroppers no quarter, and to neutralize all of their espionage This mailing list is moderated by James M. Atkinson and sponsored by Granite Island Group as a public service to the TSCM, Counter Intelligence, and technical security community.

@_date: 2004-06-15 13:25:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Breaking Iranian Codes (Re: CRYPTO-GRAM, June 15, 2003) 
References: Crypto AG's website denies the allegation of its machines being compromised. Its FAQ claims the false the story got started in 1992 by a disgruntled employee.
There, that reassures Iran, Botswana, Nigeria and Uganda.
NSA never had those meetings with the machine designers.
Now, how about that story of Phil Zimmermann getting out
of prosecution by agreeing to a backdoor in PGP after 2.0?
A man swears Phil told him that face-to-face, man says
he disassembled the source code to see the damning hole.
And the one about PK being rigged at birth, not the Brit version,
the one made in the USA. A drunk ex-NSA had that on a ready-to-lose laptop bar-lifted by A. Melon.
And the uncrackability of crypto-mathematics, need only to worry about faulty implementation and poor passwords and black bag jobs and key loggers and insiders and EM leakage.
Heard the one about TEMPEST being a long-running

@_date: 2004-03-16 05:42:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: If You Want to Protect A Security Secret, Make Sure It's   
Despite the long-lived argument that public review of crypto assures
its reliability, no national infosec agency -- in any country worldwide --
follows that practice for the most secure systems. NSA's support for AES notwithstanding, the agency does not disclose its military and
high level systems.
It is likely that these agencies are willing to go along with the notion
of public review to lull users into depending on the systems made
public. If any are breakable, the review will show that, and if the
agencies can break them they need not say squat, merely reap
the benefits of public ignorance and trust in seemingly unbreakable systems, as with Enigma, Crypto AG, and numerous other historical examples David Kahn describes.
Cryptome's FOI request for NSA documents on when and what it learned about public key (non-secret) crypto from the Brits is now 3 1/2 years old. The agency has said it has relevants documents but has not yet released anything, though some $4,000 has been paid for the search. (Last response from NSA: May 23, 2003, a telephone
call from Pamela Philips, FOIA Chief, saying that the request was in the "easy queue," number 45 from the top.)
Whit Diffie has said he got hints of PK, or something like it, at
NSA. It is not clear from his account whether information on
PK was deliberately leaked to him, with or without a restriction
of disclosure, or if the breakthrough was truly a phenomenal private effort of Diffie-Hellman-Merkle.
Consider that intelligence agencies are known to run years-
even decades-long deception operations, especially about
top secret infosec operations, with the goal of deceiving about the strength of infosec systems so that they will be sufficiently
trusted to be widely used. Again, Kahn cites numerous examples of such deceptions.
The reputation of witting and unwitting participants and institutions
are often used to gain trust in these breakable systems. The
weakness of vaunted systems is considered to be more valuable
than their strengths.
It is imaginable that if AES did not exist it would have to be invented
for such a purposed. As with PK, PGP and the notion that public review of crypto is the hen's teeth of assurance.
Until national infosec agencies reveal what they know it does not
seem prudent to to believe conventional wisdom no matter
how often repeated, especially how often repeated. A 100% safe crypto system is never to be believed, isn't that what always accompanies cryptographers' assurances for they
now better than anyone that snake oil is their No. 1 tool.
Snake oil = crypto, which accounts for why the charge is so often hurled. And why snake oil is used to camouflage what is occurring
beneath its contemptible obviousness.

@_date: 2004-03-23 18:53:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [osint] Martha's lesson - don't talk to the FBI 
Why pity Martha Stewart, so far she's escaped the pokey,
despite first wide-mouthed reports was sentenced to 20
years, then that was shaved to half, then further trimmed
to a few years, to settle somewhere between probation
and walking free, maybe even suing the feds for defamation,
loss of wealth, and, if truly not a super bitch of riches, overthrowing the government.
Martha may yet reap the benefit of adoration of the
fabulously wealthy, who always get a cut in slack, to be sure
paying for it with small handouts and tips, and having to
hide the trappings of disproportionate moola once the
lesson is learned to not new-rich flaunt it -- build a church
for every yacht.
The old rich know to lay low, let the new mints take the
hit, maybe even report the most vulgar to the authorities
to camouflage deeply embedded thievery with shallow.
One is known to get up in fund-raising fetes to say "My
family foundation gives a million," to prime the yokels' 50K.
Then gets a cut of the take, like Paulie.
Sure, it's hell being a criminal capitalist in the US, where profligate display of stupidly expensive over-priced doohickies is all the numbnuts can think to do with more money than
they ever dreamed of having, or ever dreamed of having
taken from them by venal racket protectors of their horde.
Prosecutors and FBI can never do as much harm to the rich
as their immediate family, associates, lawyers, doctors,
lovers, underlings, servants, bodyguards, alarm installers,
not to say treacherous architects of their panic palaces.
Just pay your inflated bill, you PoS, sweetheart tips on the market aint bankable. The Stewart story is a cover-up,
didn't you know it? All these commiserators don't work
for nothing.

@_date: 2004-05-07 06:39:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Acoustic Cryptanalysis 
Acoustic Cryptanalysis: On nosy people and noisy machines
Adi Shamir and Eran Tromer
A powerful method for extracting information from supposedly secure systems is side-channel attacks, i.e., cryptanalytic techniques that rely on information unintentionally leaked by computing devices. Most attention has been focused on electromagnetic emanations, power consumption and, recently, diffuse visible light from CRT displays. The oldest eavesdropping channel, namely acoustic emanations, has received little attention. The following demonstrates some preliminary results in the analysis of acoustic emanations from personal computers, showing them to be a surprisingly rich source of information on CPU activity.
May 7, 2004

@_date: 2004-05-10 17:09:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Can Skype be wiretapped by the authorities? (fwd from   
References: <20040510183014.GF15626   <20040509203640.GT25728   <20040510183014.GF15626
them? Whenever this truth is repeated, first revealed here in 1992 by a person
who worked at Intel in its early days when it was desperate for government
contracts, it is taken to be humorous. The detailed description of the chip broadcasting technology was once retrievable from the cypherpunks archives but the earliest archives have disappeared, possibly with the intent of erasing information on this very topic. The original anonymous explained that Intel was going to be withdrawn as a public company and do only black work for governments, not only
the US. That that is likely to have happened except that a public shell was allowed to continue and succeed as a cover -- early investors were induced to keep this quiet with bountiful payouts, among them former Intel employees.
What remains of this story on the Internet is a bowderlized version of the original truth, sometimes commingled with Tempest apochryphia -- Tempest the fountain head of dissimulation about electromagnetic transmitting technology more fancifully described than told the truth As a corollary AMD is an illusory chip fabricator, set up and fed by Intel to give the appearance of competition. There are others to delude foreign customers into trusting their homegrown.

@_date: 2004-11-02 11:58:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: This Memorable Day 
References: And an admirable role model for the Simian's memory:
An avenging rebel terrorist shot Abe, not Grant, who
suicided himself with whiskey and self-pity, after lollygagging
in the animal-beshat White House, lost that, took up liquor, became a helpless drunk, friends caretook his inept pickled carcass for a few years then he wrote a vain, distorted book about his carnaging of the rebels, and worst comedownance, got entombed on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, so it is said, but who knows what military-industrial effigy lies in that grafitti-and-dogshit-smeared pile overlooking beshitten liberal-elitist, nest of rebellious vermin Columbia University, Riverside Church, the National Council of Churches, and best,
squalid, infested, periodically ractist white-massacreing Still, when you visit Grant's Tomb you see mostly well-dressed
African Americans studying the memoria displayed welling tears
at the piles of war dead, the freed slaves, the army grunts and
officers gauntly posed in muddy filth. A tourist bus roars in, pinky blobs waddle into the high-domed gloom, see no cafe, no gift shop,
come out to circle the monument looking for something to
buy or eat or video. Nothing there like the rest of the homeland
shopfested US. What the fuck they mouth, fart, scratch, heave
their globs fore and aft, struggle to re-mount the bus, stare out the dark glass at me in my Swift Boat get-up, jesus-bearded,
gut abusting, carrying a Viet Vet begging sign that says Apocalypse Now or Else.

@_date: 2004-11-03 07:33:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: This Memorable Day 
The US has not won since WW2. Rebellions, now called
terrorist wars, have been far more successful. If you want
to be a winner do not enlist in military forces of states, rather
get a spin contract far from danger, arguing the virtues of
mightily fearsome hardware and sacrificial patriotism.
The US, a hidebound state, engages in limited combat, dithers, gets youngsters killed, parades the funerals and heroes, eventually pulls out, and the apologists for warmongering do their dirty. Still, it can be said of US military might: more servicemen die of military and civilian accidents, ill health, murders and
suicide than in combat. Worse, deaths and maimings from friendly fire and bad medical care, not to say military justice,
remain a high hazard of high technology and a natsec/military
policy of acceptance and/or denial of responsibility for self-
caused casualties and homicidal behavior in abused and
abandoned service members -- Tim McVeigh one of tens
of thousands who attack at home due to momentum rigged
by inept military training and ethics.
Bob Hettinga is just baiting by putting up flimsy arguments
for western supremacy, evangelizing brand USA. Hoovering the yokels who cannot not believe their kind are chosen people.
Standard fare of US (Western, all) state-sponsored education and religion and, oh my god, journalism.
Quote of the day from the NY Times: "every journalist should
spend a month in jail to appreciate the freedom of the
press." This from a reporter for the Far Eastern Economic
Report, to be closed shortly by Dow Jones.

@_date: 2004-11-03 11:02:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: This Memorable Day 
References: But your defenses of the fatherland are hollow formulas.
There has been no war to win, a war the US is forever
stealing from the citizenry to prepare for, and then fucking
up with the minor skirmishes by having no doctrine or
training to apply its mythical might, except, as always,
to explain away abject failure with fairy tales like you're
Deterence is bullshit, but it worked to keep the Soviet
and US militarists and their supplies in top level comfort.
Now, the US has no complicit partner in raiding the public
till, so it fabricates the terrorist threat, and lockstepping
right along comes Russia, the UK and all the natsec
bullshitters (slanted intelligence addicts) to march to
the beat of bucks aflowing imperially.
Dig deeper, middle-aged spinner, your history seems to have been framed by the Cold War and its bastard mini-me terrorism racket here lately.
Do you by any chance have a contract with the tomfoolers?
Or is it just natural to believe sugar daddy's tales of
conquest and invulnerability? And, what is this shit about needing to kill as many of
the varmints as possible? Have you ever tried to do that,
these mean sumbitches are not birds and rabbits and
women and children.
Beware the May/Donald megadeath syndrome which always indicates a yellow stripe down the back of those who love
to advocate others dying for their comfort and safety --
in large numbers, as if big bragging makes it braver.
Weenies do that.

@_date: 2004-11-04 08:02:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Declaration of Expulsion: A Modest Proposal 
References: A map of the expulsion civil war declaration:

@_date: 2004-11-05 10:01:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Blue Democrats Lost Red America 
A shallow, stale spin, unduly sanctimonious, and highly presumptive of the legitimacy of election reports.
Same vapid shit to fill news void would have been written if Kerry squeaked by.

@_date: 2004-11-05 13:05:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Why Americans Hate Democrats-A Dialogue 
Well, this is just commie propaganda.
Bob, you know this is against list rules, everybody knows
what's right, stop blue-baiting, you fucking nazi.

@_date: 2004-11-05 14:12:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Why Americans Hate Democrats-A Dialogue 
References: Commie is the term used here like is nazi used elsewhere
as the most fearsome if thoughtless epithet. Nazi here is a term of endearment, and also admirable role model by some.
Calling someone both is not allowed, check the FAQ under impurity.
Tim May, praise Allah, always claimed cypherpunks was a fair and
balanced forum thanks to the one person of the left here who was fingered affectionately like a house rodent, an easy target for
errant shooters.
CJ is not to be recalled, ever.
Jim Bell still sends "very important" legal papers, the latest yesterday, which describe the way things should be understood. But who can
believe an MIT chemist political prisoner.
CJ and Jim jailed by the Democratic freedom-fighters.

@_date: 2004-11-06 08:59:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Why Americans Hate Dissenters 
On CJ (Carl Johnson) and Jim Bell:
There was a time when the greatest terrorist threat to the
US was located in the northwestern part of the country,
Idaho, Washington State and Oregon, some of California.
Militia the infidels were called.
The US Attorney's Office in Tacoma, WA, was a center
of counterterrorist activity, aided by FBI, Treasury, IRS,
US Marshals, DEA and others.
Jim Bell was twice busted, tried, convicted and jailed, by the
Tacoma USA, for alleged acts against the USG, primarily the IRS, but knowledgeable citizens presume the assault was the result of his essay, Assassination Politics (AP), which descibed a system for anonymous killing of varmints, government officials especially, but not limited to those.
CJ defended Jim with a series of online statements on his
behalf, and for allegedly running an online version of AP.
For this misbehavior he was busted, tried, convicted and jailed,
also by the Tacoma USA.
Jim served his first term, allegedly misbehaved again,
and was sent to jail again, where he remains and continues
to file appeals of his railroading. CJ served a term and is now free, pursuing among other wonders his career as
the King of Country Porn.
Bell and CJ posted regularly to cypherpunks during their
days of pre-jailing, and some of their messages here were
used against them during trial. An agent of the IRS, Jeff
Gordon was a known subscriber of cypherpunks for
the purpose of surveilling members and stashing useful
email evidence to advance his career -- Jeff was indeed awarded honors for his investigation and jailing of the heroes of the revolution. Here's a US Marshal report on Jeff's snooping:
   On November 25, 1997, Inspector Jeff GORDAN with the Internal
Revenue Service (IRS) Portland, Oregon, contacted the U.S.
Marshals Service, Tacoma, Washington, regarding an internet
posting he had obtained on this day (see attached).
   On the same date, Deputy U.S. Marshal STEPHENSON contacted
Inspector GORDAN in an attempt obtain further details regarding
the individuals mentioned in the internet posting. Inspector
GORDAN related the following:
   On May 17, 1997, the IRS in Vancouver, Washington, arrested
James Dalton BELL ( for threats, assaults,
obstruction, and intimidation of employees and officers of the
IRS. During IRS's initial investigation of BELL, the IRS
discovered that BELL was associated with the Multnomah County
Common Law Court as well as the author of "Assassination
Politics", an essay that describes and advocates the development
and use of a system to reward people who kill selected Government
employees. BELL was also known to transmit his beliefs via
internet services (see W/WA case    Inspector GORDON indicated that since BELL's arrest his office
has been monitoring internet postings by the Cypherpunks, one of
the groups BELL was known to be communicating with. Many of the
postings are simply communications between members of the group
regarding their dissatisfaction with the Government. Inspector
GORDAN related that this posting was a concern due to the
statement made by the author, indicating that Tim MAY announced
he would be murdering Jim Bell's judge (known to be U.S. District
Judge Franklin BURGESS or Magistrate J. Kelly ARNOLD) on Friday,
at 4;00 p.m.
   Inspector GORDAN indicated that he is not familiar with the
author of the posting, Bad BobbyH, however he was familiar with
Tim MAY. Inspector GORDAN described MAY as being an
anarchist/survivalist who seems to spend much of his time
communicating his beliefs via the internet. According to
Inspector GORDAN, MAY is retired and fairly "well off", making
his fortune years ago by developing computer programs. May also
has a tendency to attempt to "goat" or "bait" law enforcement
officers into taking action and has repeatedly stated he would
shoot any law enforcement officers who attempted to arrest him.
   Inspector GORDAN provided the following information regarding
the individuals mentioned in the posting:
   Timothy C. MAY (DoB: 12/21/51 & SSN: XXX-XX-XXX)
   XXX
   Corralltos, CA 95078
   Robert HETTINGA
   XXX
   Boston, MA 02131
   Inspector GORDAN disclosed that his office is unable to trace
the posting because the address, Robert Heidegger (rh at dev.null),
is false/untraceable.
   On November 25, 1997, U.S. District Judge Franklin BURGESS and
Magistrate Judge J. Kelly ARNOLD were notified by Supervisory
Deputy Glenn WHALEY and Deputy STEPHENSON reference the internet
   A copy of the internet posting was forwarded to FBI Special
Agent Ron Stankye (360) 695-5661.
   Attached is a copy of another posting by the Cypherpunks
previously received on June 23, 1997 regarding Magistrate J.
Kelly ARNOLD.
   If you have any questions regarding this matter, please call
Deputy STEPHENSON at (253) 593-6344.
Several cypherpunks were subpoenaed for the three trials
for eithering hosting the list, being named as correspondents
with Bell and/or CJ, reporting about the two, or allegedly having information about their seditious activity -- then known as tormenting officials eager to boost counterterrorism funding long before the field went ballistic with Homeland
Security golden windfall, praise Allah's generosity.
Here are some files on the trials of the two:
 (Jim Bell)
 (CJ)
 (CJ)
Ever In struggle,
Your Commie/Nazi Reporter

@_date: 2004-11-06 11:42:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: No, Canada! 
Fair enough. Canada is a role model for the US, as is the US for
the world: nobody is wanted unless they are willing to pay for the mistakes and messes the locals have made, or best, work for starvation wages, usually off the books, long the prime source of penal-grade labor in the Echelon nations, not to say the, spit, Western and Eastern cultures -- out-sourcing has always been first in line right at home: wives, kids and the invisible caste-classes
who swab your puke and dump your garbage and bail you out of
the drunk tank.
Contamination by settlement of North America (and man-woman
marriage): pay for it, new immigrants (wives and kids), with cheap labor and keeping your thoughts very, very quiet, and don't bitch about master's eccentricities about sex. The first New World, as Old, settlers set these conditions for the natives and for anybody who came afterwards. That's how you succeed in the New Worlds, behave like Calvinist cum Libertarian cum Roman cum Roman Church pretend aristocrats: if you dont'have it you don't deserve it, but you can always steal
it the legal way, stock market and tithe basket, praise Allah for his valorizing wealth as salvation.
But, more of the defense budget goes for clean-up of its messes in
the US than for military health-care and benefits (overseas it has
hardly begun). The clean-up corporations are mostly the same ones which made the messes (this is the pattern since the Revolutionary
War), and they are not doing the job worth a shit, overruns and performance failures as bad as for unworkable but richly bragged-about armaments. If the bitching about contamination gets too loud, why
start another war.
The DC-area is one of the most contaminated parts of the US due to the plethora of toxic-puking mil installations. One of the worst is under American University and surrounding neighborhoods, across Nebraska Avenue from the headquarters of Homeland Security, itself once home of the military's oldest comsec unit.
As sleazy Hitchens and slews of other suck-ups of the rich and powerful have demonstrated, especially those predating from Canada: defend and flatter and amuse the privileged of the US-supremacist model of the New World as if the Old in new clothing, and you'll do quite well. But do not engage in dissent or your product won't move and your wise ass will be banished -- thanks to the scoundrels' patriotism embedded in the capitalist regime since day one.

@_date: 2004-11-06 12:23:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: This Memorable Day 
References: The US made a bundle from WW1 and WW2 warfare, in both
cases being rescued from an economic slump, and some have
argued the US delayed sending troops as long as possible to
extend the demand for supplies, supplies which appeared to
always be insufficient but enough to keep the warring parties
going at it.
To be sure, the US Civil War provided the same beneficence
to its overseas exploiters, not to say domestic entrpreneurs,
not to say hordes of today's reenactors.
Historians have noted that Northern generals in particular worked hard to avoid battle while begging for more troops and supplies. Shrewd commentators write there could have been Southern-general complicity in this paradic churning before it got out of hand due to Lincoln demanding action to keep his
comfy future -- kapow! went the prez to his virgins.
It is a truism that power in leaders is enlarged during wartime,
no matter their ideology, so it is a surefire way to boost flagging
support (60 million can be that DUMB). And the more humans slaughtered the greater the support as each homeland, praise Allah's cloven hooves, and seeks revenge for the loss of its prime beef, and if all goes well, the fighting never comes home to roost in hilltop mansions, damn those paraplegics who won't parade their grotesqueries: axe their meds.
Red poppies, how do they bloom in November, remember Fallujah.
Halls of Montezuma, Shores of Tripoli, yadda.

@_date: 2004-11-07 15:59:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tom Wolfe: 'Talk to someone in Cincinnati? Are you crazy?' 
What is characteristic of all these Bush-winning stories is that
the writers uniformly seem surprised it happened. More surpised
than the Democrats. Their post-election commentary conveys
that it is hard to believe by most Americans that Bush seems to have won, if you read the winners and losers accounts carefully.
Wolfe's piece shows the common feature of dumbfoundness,
as if not quite clear how it happened, despite all the cliches being
bruited, especially the one about the Bush campaign reaching all those millions who liked him and what he is doing.
There a nervousness in the winners' stories, an unsureness
that there was a legitimate win, that something might be discovered
to invalidate it, so its best to push the good news before it
evaporates or is transformed into bad news so closely associated
with the Bush administration. The Bush-win proponents sound like they are whistling in the dark. And their whistling keeps getting louder and more persistent and
more hysterical, if you bother to read the anxious urgings Herr Dr. Heidegger is posting here.
Your Nazi-Commie-Faith-Based Code-Whistler

@_date: 2004-11-07 18:59:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Faith in democracy, not government 
Excellent humor, this Hooverismo, got all the usual targets
in his insulting-like-Lenny-Bruce jibe. Probably high on
narcotics like Lenny. Imagined victory turns on losers.
A bit excessive with hyperbole, but that's code by comics.
Remember the CIA Comic from the late 90s? Told hilarious
inside the agency jokes that made everyone outside the
cocoon blanche and puke, sorry, Bob blew coke through
his nose.
That comic has not been heard since 9/11, thanks to
DoD takeover of the howler stage.
Your Nazi-Commie-Crank-Yanker

@_date: 2004-11-08 20:20:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Faith in democracy, not government 
References: West Texas is where kids learn to fuck jackrabbits by slitting their guts to fashion a pokehole. The jacks' death kicking of the cojones is what leaves an urge in them as adults to spread the practice to the state, the nation, the world, any place to hunt gash.
You thought dove hunting is what drew visitors to the
state. Heh. Think of the joy of hurling inseminated rabbit guts at depleted confreres.

@_date: 2004-11-11 14:21:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Full Chomsky 
References: But James, it is a no-brainer to refute an argument with
selective use of an opponents words, phrases, quotations,
arguments and beliefs. Debaters are trained and hired to do just this as are propagandists, spin doctors, psychiatrists,
journalists, scholars, historians, pr pros, courtiers, literary critics,
philosophers, logicians, priests, lovers, indeed most of
language and discourse is made up of such mongrelian
Chomsky, the linguist, knows this better than most, and
certainly more than you, an amateur by comparison. He makes no apology for his attacks on apologists for the powerful, he is merely better at it than they are. Not much
is worth doing more than helping lance the giants' scrota.
You could learn from his linguistic studies and his prowess
at detumescing opponents surely more than you can learn by attempting to ramrod him, for you are sure to do so at a
level much more superficial than his multi-level critiques
and in the process miss the bulk of his argumentative
substantiation -- as demonstrated by the biased, blind,
vacuousness posted by Dr. Hettinga.
Dr. Hettinga is having his fun posting a cornicopia of
light-weight straw-men disputation, aw shit call it what it is, lazy-minded inarticulate like that spewed all across Blueland
by preachers of blind faith in yelling the same old.
Chomsky is one smart SOB, his serious critics readily
agree he is surely the intelligent man in the USA, and they
learn from him far more than they learn from those who think as they do: beware the adoring choir's roundheels.

@_date: 2004-11-13 11:59:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Mr. Blue Goes Deaf When He Sees Red 
It is possible that the intelligence community, front-covered the CIA,
dream of a Putin-like takeover, not to continue "serving the President,"
and taking orders as demanded toady by David Brooks in the New York US citizens allowed the intel monster to grow in secrecy and it will likely devour the American experiment in democratic openness, utilizing the same methods forever employed by secret orgs: national security FUD.
To be sure, most of the monster hides behind the DoD facade
of "our troops," not at Langley, and it is this warmongering majority
that has the biggest stake in inventing enemies of the state, and
promising economic benefits to local, state, and national interests.
Secrecy is the WMD that is killing the US, not the puny terrorists,
as demonstated by the UK, Russia, China, Cuba, all around the
What Bush and Blair cooked up in the last day or so could well
determine whether lists like this and much of the Internet remain open or get shut. The boys and girls who daily brief the Ps are
not going to go back to the downslide of pre-911.
No doubt some might say that is why 911 was cooked up, precursing
Beslan and more to come. 1200 troops dead in Iraq is not much
of a blip on big sines of expendables.

@_date: 2004-11-19 12:37:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Drivers License Security Hole 
The American Assocation of Motor Vehicle Administrators
has prepared a series of studies on security of drivers
license data, and not least sharing it with law enforcement. Access to some of the docs are supposed to be limited to
members but R. notes that the security is illusory, so the docs can be accessed until the hole is closed (see the last
appendix for LE access to data):
AAMVA determined the need for a comprehensive
framework of minimum requirements with enhanced
recommendations to improve the quality, reliability,
uniformity and security of the driver licensing
process in North America.  As a result, AAMVA compiled
and produced its DL/ID Security Framework: A Package
of Decisions Based on Best Practices, Standards,
Specifications and Recommendations to Enhance Drivers
License Administration and Identification Security.
This document is currently available to the AAMVA
membership only.  Members will be required to present
their AAMVA user ID and password to access the
framework.

@_date: 2004-11-21 20:26:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Fallujah: Marine Eye-Witness Report 
Jesus, Bob, this and the Schwartz hosannah for Free Fallujah are about as bad a puke as anything you've posted. These vomitoria are upchucked by the hundreds by professional writers usually under contract, or angling for one, or in the case of the eye-witness in the propaganda unit of the Corps. Go over to DoD's and the mil departments' and warmongering
foreign policy web sites and you'll see a lot of this juvenalia posted urging dads and sons to get hot about serving the nation. Formulaic dreck to generate fodder for the grinding machine.
DoD puts on these shows several times a week, and all
spokespersons speak the same lingo -- Stepford wiving.
On Friday DoD rolled out two vile initiatives claiming to
support the troops. Remember that when a military action
like Fallujah is completely unnecessary except to display
power by hamburgering youngsters and civilians, the glorious
war stories come fast and furious to counter the uptick
of funerals and VA hospital lifetime inductees.
BTW, Bob, what's your draft status? Ready to die or lose
your limbs for a mil spin doctors' salary boost?
The NY Times today describes a Marine sniper getting his
head exploded by an insurgent sniper, a day or so after the
Marine predicted it would happen, whistling dixie, narcotized
by the Green Cunt.

@_date: 2004-11-22 11:21:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Fallujah: Marine Eye-Witness Report 
k.net>
The Selective Service website unctuously declares there is
no draft foreseen at the moment and lists defeat of recent congressional efforts to institute the draft. However, it
emphasizes that the agency is required by law to remain
at the ready to immediately institute a draft upon notice.
As part of this responsibility It polls educational instutitions every 18 months requesting updated information on draft-age youngsters who are receiving federal funding, the most
recent of these polls here:
A single harsh attack on US interests could precipitate a draft,
and override public opposition in a flash.
The military has nearly exhausted it National Guard and Reserve
options, and will not give up the long-standing strategic policy
of being able to fight two major wars at once. Thus most military
resources are tied up not in the Middle East but in pre-positioned
locations determined by the 2-wars policy.
Whether the US military should forego its 2-war policy and
use its forces in ways more appropriate to current threats
will be determined by those interest groups who benefit from
the horrifically expensive and magnificently wasteful 2-war Two generations of military personnel have been trained for
the 2-war threat, and almost none have faced actual combat.
This inexperience shows in unconventional warfare. again
and again. Big war planners throw big war resources are
small targets, take the applause for the phony war show,
as in Fallujah, and discount lives lost because the do not
show up on big war statistical-casualties diagrams.
Big wars expect big losses, far more than volunteers can
provide. Indeed, volunteer military personnel -- officers and
enlisted -- are careful to throw conscripts into the breech
as if they are expendable ammunition, the more thrown
the higher the credit obtained in charts of capacity, not
charts of smarts.
Recall Kennedy embraced the counter-insurgent tool with
support for Special Forces, but these forces remain a
marginal part of the military, not least because they do not
require much material and political resouces to do their
duty. Big defense, and never forget, big intelligence to
feed the need for big defense,  are far superior ar generating
contracts, jobs, careers and campaign contributions.
The US is totally addicted to profligate, wasteful ineffective
big war policy, primarily because there is little risk in
parading might, bragging about it, threatening with it, compared to using it. Every application of US military might since WW2 has failed.
STF up and pay your taxes, asshole, encourage your sons
and daughters to sacrifice for the nation -- well, not really
just tell the poor fuckers the military is a good safe job.
Don't get drafted, that's for losers.
Any road, killing the big war planners at home where they
feel safe, is sure to come for their mighty military does not
how to fight that war so busy is it parading forces against
imaginary wargame-type evil empires of the day.

@_date: 2004-11-24 14:21:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Fallujah: Marine Eye-Witness Report 
References: <
  <29976920.1101319508726.JavaMail.root   <29976920.1101319508726.JavaMail.root
Associated Press has pre-issued a Thanksgiving Day photo
of a former US soldier who lost a leg, participating in a photo
op at a military base. Secdef and CJCS issued pre-holiday
thanks yesterday to the families of the military dead and to
the wounded and maimed in hospitals and on photo op tours.
Today Secdef was on Laura Ingraham gushing (slobber not
blood) about the AmericaSupportsYou.mil website where red-blooded Americans can participate in thanksgiving the Iraq
bloodletting, praising the headless and limbless and scared shitless and McVeigh-mad-dogs yearning-to-frag-backhome-warfighters.
AP has nearly stopped showing valorous warriors in combat in Iraq, now its mostly photos of funerals and the dead in cheerful high school pictures and dress-uniformed headshots, oops, head shots are no, no's, except for the hardbitten would-be warriors here sitting fat and happy before the keyboard tapping for more killing, right James, civil war over there is hunky dory, but please not an RPG invading your computer bubble, an IED making your kids into rag dolls.
Overseas wars are delightful movie-land fun from over here,
Secdef croons -- gobble, gobble, Sergeant York called for the
Secdef's curious-head pop-up.
Seen the Norwegian site that calls for Bush's head shot?
Two URLs, the last vivid:

@_date: 2004-10-12 16:19:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: cryptome.org down? 
The site has been overloaded for a couple of days due
to heavy hits on files on the Indymedia UK takedown
and the "Bush bulge." A Slashdot attack added to that
yesterday but has gone away. Today The Reg cited
the Bush bulge file and the overload restarted. It'll
pass shortly, maybe.

@_date: 2004-10-15 15:55:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Airport insanity 
References: <416FBF29.17594.AD343E   <416FBF29.17594.AD343E
Most of the Boston Red Sox team look as if they have just
come from a terrorist training camp for blind, handless barbers, decked-out in ill-fitting sports gear, staring wild-eyed at RPGs being fired at their heads and nuts, swinging clubs futilely at the inerrant missiles, their ass-wipe paws swollen into giant shit-covered patties, muttering homicidal jihads against devil-bred

@_date: 2004-10-18 13:35:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Airport insanity 
References: <417395DE.22913.1EB882   <417395DE.22913.1EB882
James is wired to be unempathetic about victims, as was McVeigh,
as are fearless military and criminal killers, as are national leaders of a yellow stripe who never taste the bitter end of their exculpatory
What makes the wire work is that they do not believe that what they do unto others will be done to them. This is their faith, blind, cross-eyedly focussed vision which sees a right safe path down the thinnest of righteous tunnels of imagined invulnerability.
Call it the armor of cowards. Call it fundamentalism, or patriotism, or pinheads up their tiny Been there: saw the vision, sniffed the odor, licked the sides
of the honey-dripping tunnel, gagged, muttered what the shit is this stuff I've been preached is myrhh out of the backdoors
of virgins, yelled, hey, sarge, get me out of my hole. Sarge was long gone, preaching and laughing like the devil.
AIDS of the mind is hard to cure.

@_date: 2004-10-19 14:46:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Airport insanity 
References: <200410190637.i9J6bhX5018080   <6.0.3.0.0.20041018202225.037d3b20
I appreciate your valiant if futile effort to defend honorable
militarism, but you appear not to understand that much of current US military doctrine is aimed at terrorizing enemy forces, en masse, into submission, not merely courageously killing each combatant, mano a mano.
Carpet bombing, bunker-busting, cruise missles, stealth
attacks, artillery barrages, and tactical and strategic attacks
with overwhelming forces in multiples of the opposing force, the so-called "shock and awe," are intended to demoralize and terrify the opposition including civilian supporters. These
attacks require little or no courage to execute, for most are
accomplished with stand-off or remote-controlled platforms,
guided by long-radar, GPS, and satellites, systems operated
by clean-uniformed technicians who don't bear personal
arms, even take showers daily and watch TV of their
carnage for entertainment.
This contrasts with the special forces which do aim at
small scale, precision killing, and which does require courage.
Not much of that goes on, way too cheap for the military-
industrial empire which treasures big iron, gigantic iron,
humongous iron, unbelievably expensive metal, costing
millions of dollars per kill, rather imaginary deaths in the
Cold War manner.
Don't mistake the language and literature of war for
the real thing. You find yourself 100 yards from a bomb
blast, and your organs go into shutdown from the
concussion, yours vision blurs, your limbs won't
function, you shit and piss your britches, then another
bomb falls 50 yards away and blood squirts from ears
eyes and gums due to air compression of your veins
and arties, you flop senselessly out of control and
try to cry for momma, no air in your lungs, skin turning
red from heat, then a third bomb hits 25 yards away
and your body begins to come apart from the blast
or being scythed by shrapnel -- if your head doesn't
leave the carcass, it'll be fried by the metal helmet,
your skin will sizzle, boiling blood will spray out
of all your orifices, but you'll not get to appreciate this
sacrifice for your country, you'll be chatting with
your maker, the bodybag team scraping you memorial
into the barbage bag, heading for the flag-draped
Back in the control room which directed the friendly
fire, the boys and girls are whooping at the bomb
pattern, high-fiving and fist knocking at the perfect
fit of thinking machine and killing machine, no risk to the comfy killers manning the mouses, just like the gameboys taught.

@_date: 2004-10-21 14:45:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Printers betray document secrets 
References: <6.0.3.0.0.20041020222838.0439a390   <6.0.3.0.0.20041020222838.0439a390
Bear in mind that typewrites have been traced by the
minute, unique characteristics of the metal face of character producers, whether lever-type or ball. The FBI has been doing this quite a while.
Micro-forensics of the unique printing mechanism of each
machine is likely possible. Identification in this manner would have nothing to do with toner cartridges or machine numbers, although it would probably take a sophisticated
laboratory to make the match.
As with most intelligence involving technology, it is not
the obvious that reveals but conceals the less than
obvious, at several depths of deception. Software registration numbers don't mean much compared to what is snarfed when you log on to register a product -- not to mention those sneaky handshakes of PKs and TTPs and SSHs and Extra-Secure Certificates.
Take a gander at a Wash Post Op-Ed from a few
days ago that explained what has been explained
years ago on this sacred list about technological
and intelligence deception, in particular the role
of media yokeling the public:
To be sure the Op-Ed, written by someone at MIT's
Security Studies Center (wah!), may be an example of what it speaks, but not this message from god: there will
be no casualities, James, dogdamn it, no pain and
suffering, just lip flapping about the horror deserved.

@_date: 2004-10-23 15:15:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Airport insanity 
References: <30783420.1098551006084.JavaMail.root
There were several USG offices in the Twin Towers, some of
them intelligence. In addition, CIA was located in 7 WTC, along with Secret Service and military offices. The military offices
were used as cover for the others. There was far more USG in WTC than in Murrah, and the lesson learned in OKC was no doubt useful to the attackers: collateral hurt to innocents is magnitudes
more powerful than hitting military targets -- that is what
strategic bombing was invented to demonstrate, not to say threatening with WMDs, a practice invented by the US and
which remains its primary defense strategy.
The cause and effect between USG WMD threats and terrorist attacks is yet to be fully admitted outside military circles: the
military accepts that innocents will be slaughtered, and the
winner must slaughter the most. Terrorism to the military is a nuisance even when a few of its troops are picked off.
The losses in Iraq do not even make a blip on expected
casualties of a major war. More military have died in
conventional accidents, murders and suicides around the world than have died in Iraq and Afghanistan. But those in the Middle East have greater utility for the military to boost its suck for more funds and more "our boys and girls"
sacrifice and more bawling in congress and the presidential campaign about protecting the nation, defense cut-back not
even a dream since ever so convienent 9/11.
Murrah bombing helped the battle against homeland militants,
and WTC got the ball rolling for battle overseas.
Who planned them is yet to be revealed, but the usual suspects
don't mean shit.

@_date: 2004-10-27 15:48:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cyclotrimethylene trinitramine 
Generously, the US government offers a complete set of
photos, drawings, process diagrams and descriptions for an RDX manufacturing plant. Library of Congress has the info in its Historic American Engineering Record.
Search on "RDX."
Now it could be disinfo to get a wild bunch to blow themselves up, but that happens pretty often with the USG plant too. See
the prolific explosion barriers and escape chutes throughout
the groundbreaking, heh, facility.

@_date: 2004-10-30 12:48:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: "We are revealed by what we hate." (fwd) 
Brooks on The Lehrer Report last night did indeed go berzerk
in the face of Shield's superior defense of Kerry's reasonable
approach. Brooks repeatedly agreed with Shield's analysis
showing Bush/Cheney was dogmatic, inflexible and incapable
of admitting error, then went on to defend their fundamental
righteousness as being what you have to do to win against
others having the same characteristics.
He said reasonable people like us, meaning the three on the
show, are not typical of those Bush/Cheney are appealing to.
Their base consituency does not want equivocation they want
to be right, and win, no matter what other countries may want.
Brooks conceded that this desire for being a winner take all,
by force if necessary, concealed a fear of being ignorantly
wrong, and that any candidate which exploited this fear by
promising might is more powerful than knowledge and doubt
will do very well.
This argument is made here by James Donald, and before
him, Tim May and groupies.
To be sure the armaments makers aplaud this rock-headedness
of the cowards who always advocate that others die -- preferably
in large numbers -- for the safety of the yellow-striped shickenhawks needing their necks wrung.
Yeah, yeah, they'll rooster-crow about popping their peashooters
at anybody who violates their isolationist piss-markings of triadic
carriers, boomers and stategic bombers. But what the cowards want is for somebody to cuddle them like mommy did, to keep a tit ready to slumber-suck away nightmare doubts.
Brooks got so worked up, Shield's had to pat him on the back
to assure the weenie his futile defense of idiot hatemongerers didn't mean he'd get booted from the elite in-nut-hut.

@_date: 2004-10-30 17:23:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: "We are revealed by what we hate." (fwd) 
References: Now, Bob, master your knee jerk eye-poke: Brooks is a regular on the Lehrer show, paired with Shields for, cough, balance. Muddle v. muddle, judge-judied by muddle.
Brooks is the only one of the three without orange hair,
the other two a generation older. And he's near wattleless.
His sparse hair is honest compared to the henna, hair enhancer, make-up and wrinkle filler on the two turkied-geezers seeming coutured by the same Madame
Toussaint as Peter Jennings' boyish mortician deathshead.
Which returns to the Osama make-over. His nose looks
much bigger, longer and wider, eyes closer together. The sage-of-the-desert color combination of his face and hands, beard, robe, hat and backdrop look as if it was shot in New Mexico, or maybe Israel pretending Lawrence of
Arabia remake.
So who's holding the sage, and where, who's scripting the
spiel, who's got the most to gain to keep Osama unburied,
dead or alive?
Most exciting, though, is who's gonna launch the election
day massive massacre on behalf of the pret a porter suspects,
in the can and ready to show.

@_date: 2004-10-30 17:30:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: "We are revealed by what we hate." (fwd) 
References: No, Madame Toussaint is the fake Madame Tussaud.

@_date: 2004-10-30 17:50:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Winning still matters, etc... 
Hoover Institution says it all. Heh.
Will to win is the opium of warmongerers, Nietszchean
armchair blowhards.
Come on, Bob, you did the philosophy turn, poke holes
in the blather coming from these righteous pedants hustling
for the military/natsec ghouls, extorting the public for
expensive useless hardware, exhorting families to breed dead-heading patriotic youngsters.
Rhetorical bloodlusters, they be, who never took a bullet in the spine, no spine in fork-tongued snakes.
Put these vapid thinktankers in a veteran hospital toting bedpans, sniffing gangrene, hearing a quadriplegic
beg god to headchop clubhouse shits who drunkenly
cry for war.

@_date: 2004-10-31 16:34:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Winning still matters, etc... 
There is a decreasing chance the US can apply its military
might to defeat an unconventional enemy. That kind of enemy
is not what long-standing military strategy and most tactics
are aimed at. Rumsfeld was hoping to revise that when yet
one more mighty military war appeared to head off changing
military policy.
The US has demonstrated in Afghanistan and post-Hussein
Iraq that it does not know how to fight unconventionally. That
inability appeared in Korea, then Viet Nam and has been shown
in every combat the US has engaged in since WW 2.
Military professionals know this and are hamstrung by the
narcotic dependency the defense industry and its beneficiaries
has for big iron and every bigger and more expensive platforms.
This has been coupled with gigantism in intelligence, big science
and big technological research advocated and overseen by giant
corporations and institutions. And to gloss this a huge spin
and propoganda machine has been funded to pump up the
threats and the hefty defense tax boondogling.
Special forces and operations were devised to piss-ant an alternative to this spread across the US pork-barrell behemothicism. But they have seldom been applied beyond pinprick displays, with much hoorahing about their stealthy effectiveness: "we can tell you about our successes, only failures make it to the media."
Commentators have noted the corrupting influence of empire
Britain thinking its global navy would assure continuance of
hegemony. The more that conceit was believed the weaker
the military became by its failure to recognize new forms of
warfare and new ways of thinking. That empire was undermined
by non-hegemonic forms of combat and thinking.
The US might get a bye with its arrogant belief in military might
for another generation if its lucky, if unlucky it will not survive this one. Well, parts of it may survive, away from the cities. Imagine
one of the few cypherpunks holed-up in northwest Utah and
one bunkered in Corralito escape the food-and-water-borne President Attila or May?

@_date: 2004-10-31 17:21:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Winning still matters, etc... 
References: <41855526.39FC10C9
To state the obvious to Major Variola, CDC will have first
indication of a devastating US attack, reported fragmentarily
under its links to hospitals, clinics and physicians, against which the might military and law enforcement have no defenses.
By time the attack is understood it will be too late to mount
a national defense. Food and water are the means and methods,
not the hardware and electronic infrastructure, seaports and
airports, so loudly warned about. The last terrorist attack is not
the next one.
Elderly and children first to show the signs. Those not watched
all that carefully by the big warfighters, indeed overlooked by
design, so disdainful are they of caregivers.

@_date: 2004-09-01 10:05:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Remailers an unsolveable paradox? 
References: <3891e44b4d78f79a4867c856a3893ddf   <3891e44b4d78f79a4867c856a3893ddf
Remailers remain effective when you run your own as the
first hop and accept no incoming remail.
To be sure, if everyone did that no remailer would accept
remails. Shhh.

@_date: 2004-09-18 16:45:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Geopolitical Darwin Awards 
References: That is what King George and his redcoats said about the ragtag colonials, American as well as those who suffered the king's abuse into the 20th Centruty.
That is what King George also said about the colonials, who then
quite rationally arranged help from King George's enemies.
More King George-type remarks, as with arrogant tyrants everywhere and their authority suck-ups. To be sure, the children in their realms suffer as if colonials, or slaves, or wives, or sex toys, or faux-sacrosant idolized figurines, or nascent rebels who must be whipped regularly for moral instruction in subservience.
If not Iran, then Ireland, if not Ireland, then a new Iraq, or NK,
or PK. What the US-UK hegemon cannot face is that the
bloody challenges to their moral supremacism is just getting under way inside and outside their borders.
PJ O'Rouke's fighter planes of winners won't mean shit in this murderous crusade where the enemy wears no easy to spot
uniform. The Chechens are the bellweather warriors. Kids and women among them indifferent to the old guys self-serving rules of war. Kill the heads of state, defense ministers and generals first, then down the line in reverse order. That'll likely bring over the lower downs who've eaten their shit, fought their battles, hated their guts. Women and kids among them.

@_date: 2004-09-19 20:46:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Geopolitical Darwin Awards 
References:    <414C377F.28424.4FF1284
James A. Donald:
No, not minefields, but a good percentage of Washington's
army and that of the French, were children. Young boys were
taught the art of war as gofers and undercover spies among
the Brits. Some were caught and executed. Others packed
weapons and fought like men who welcomed their foolhardy
bravery when their manly courage withered.
Today, even the US uses children in war, 17 being the minimum age to enlist. Others sneak in by lying about their age, some as
young as 14. Recruiters look the other way when the kids
and their parents lie. Been there, done that. Enlisted in the
army at 15, served months before being kicked out when a
relative ratted on me. Went in again at 17. That was not
uncommon then, and still is not. Good way to get away
from school and fucked up parents who use you like a
beast of burden -- in every age and country.
The military has found that teenagers are better fighters
than those over 21, more malleable, patriotic, healthy, ready
to kill when told it's okay. Older guys and gals think for
themselves too much to charge a machine gun. A kid
thinks life will never end. That's why it's not so hard
to cultivate suicide bombers.
Flying a $50 million plane is a piece of cake, no guts
required. Fuck those stand-off cowards in artillery,
the navy and air force. Grunts younger than 20 are
the universal soldier. Non-caucasians especially.
No need to mention today's Africans, the pre-teens and
teens Mao used effectively, the underage North Koreans in the Korean Conflict, and not least the Amerindians who
taught kids from puberty to make war -- boys and girls.
It is worth pondering that older guys don't like war up
close, in fact the the further away it is the better they
like to promote it with Stallonian filmic ferocity -- witness the current yellow-bellied administration, though hardly the first to cry for war to be fought by disposable youngsters. What older soft-gutted guys in all nations like most is the Wagnerian tragedy, the soap opera sturm and drang, of other people's suffering and death for their loose-screw agenda.

@_date: 2005-02-02 19:43:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell WMD Threat 
The FBI continues to claim Jim Bell is a WMD threat
despite having no case against him except in the media,
but that conforms to current FBI/DHS policy of fictionalizing
homeland threats.
See page 16.
This document was initially prepared in June 2002, updated in June
2003.

@_date: 2005-02-22 12:58:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SHA-1 results available 
>
Yiqun L Yin writes 21 February 2005 about when the full SHA-1 paper will appear:
  We have submitted the paper to a conference for peer review,   and we should receive a notification of the review results by early   May. We plan to publish the paper after incorporating the comments   from the review, and will let you know around that time.

@_date: 2005-02-24 12:25:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Chatter Punks 
Maybe it's been mentioned here but the book, "Chatter: Dispatches
from the Secret World of Global Eavesdropping," by Patrick Radden
Keefe mentions cypherpunks and a slew of people who've been around
here, or discussed, cited, admired, attacked and hated here. Crypto is featured, along with the TLAs, the fools who run them, the lackies who suck their tits, the congress critters who give them a free pass no matter what fuck-ups damage the US and the unwary targets of spooks, 9/11 only one of many.
It's a "lively read," and a lot of its smooth-narrative content won't be new to avid readers of disputatious, thankfully ungrammatically cpunks, but it does get the slick word out to the public in an easy to swallow fashion. For us jacket addicts, there are favorable blurbs by David Kahn and Seymour Hersh.
Keefe calls John Gilmore, Duncan Campbell, and other uninstitutionalized
insurgents outcasts, but IEDs are where it's at, right? He also claims the NSA is a pitiful giant, protected against
change by ever increasing secrecy blessed by congress and
the administration, and that most of its new hires are security guards to protect against knowing what's inside, not the personnel truly needed.

@_date: 2005-01-02 15:43:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SIGINT and COMSEC Discussion Group 
I have just launched a new discussion group related to hardware
discussion for signal analysis and communications security systems:

@_date: 2005-01-04 10:30:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: California Bans a Large-Caliber Gun, and the Battle Is On 
A timely report. A documentary is due out shortly which
includeds the likely assassination of officials with such army-of-one weapons.
Sniping is the chink in VIP protection armor. Why? Because ego-driven assholes lust to be seen, and best, photographed outside the armoring of vehicles, aircraft and structures. The very targeting head shot snipers are trained to patiently wait for are the ones photographers are paid to arrange just so,
Sergeant York turkey-calling, "over here sir."
Who was the freedom fighter who smilingly welcomed death
by public appearance. Archduke, Reagan, JFK, Masouf, or Abe All those pissed off, well-tested snipers from Operation Iraqi Freedom on all sides. The Secret Service claims you cannot
spot a serious assassin ahead of time, that braggarts and
threateners are not the real thing -- sorry 'bout that outing
More at US Secret Service National Threat Assessment Center:

@_date: 2005-01-08 13:20:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tasers for Cops Not You 
NY Times reports today that SEC is investigating Taser
for possible financial irregularity: as last day of business
for 2004 racked up a $700,000 sale to an AZ gun shop
which brags it sells to civilians, but only a few so far.
And that the AZ AG is informally looking at sale of the stun guns to civilians, with cops protesting civilian access to the neatest cop joy toy. However, Taser claims the civilian version is effective only to 15 feet while the LE version will explose a heart
at 20 feet. And, Taser says "accidental deaths caused by the shock would have happened to those sick persons Well, yes, homicidal cops say the perps were begging for it,
learning such talk from the president and up to the one who
has fun with joy toy tsunamis.
Exculpation, says the king, is divine, and my Taser shocks
shit further than yours.
Here are photos of the Taser in manufacture, sale, training,
promo, and accidental misfire:

@_date: 2005-01-09 15:16:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: "The Reader of Gentlemen's Mail", by David Kahn 
Kahn's is a quite interesting and entertaining book. Among other tales about Yardley and his admirable battles with the USG, Kahn tells how through hilarious Gonzales-grade legal shenanigans the only time a US law has been by enacted against revealing cryptological information, in 1933, to prevent Yardley from publishing a book, and the one-man-law it is still in effect.
Chapter 15 A Law Aimed at Yardley, pp. 158-72:
The law:
An Act For the Protection of Government records
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
whoever, by virtue of his employment by the United States, shall
obtain from another or shall have custody of or acess to, or shall
have had custody of or access to, any official diplomatic code or any
matter prepared in such code, or which purports to have been
prepared in any such code, and shall willfully, without authorization
or competent authority, publish or furnish to another any such
code or matter, or any matter which was obtained while in the
process of transmission between any foreign government and
its diplomatic mission in the United States, shall be fined not more
than $10,000 or imprisoned not more than ten years, or both.
Approved June 10, 1933 Franklin D. Roosevelt
See: USC Title 18 Section 952
Note the orignal $10,000 amount for the fine has been removed.

@_date: 2005-01-16 16:01:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US slaps on the wardriver-busting paint 
References: <41EAABC6.382618E3  <41EAABC6.382618E3
The paint sounds like yet another sting operation to catch
the goofuses who think they can hide RF on the cheap.
The folks on the TSCM-L list think the paint is pure snake
oil, that the electrophysics of it are crap.
Still, phony Tempest protection is a pretty good business, no
doubt promoted by the spooks who get better results from
signals calling attention to themselves by way of half-assed
protection: -- here, look at me trying to shield my nonsense.
Several US companies have done quite well selling so-called
NSA-grade Tempest protection, even requiring an export license for the hoakum, in cahoots with the agency which welcomes
the pointers to users.
Joel McNamara's Tempest site has a several references to RF snake oil, some of which appears to be honeypot-grade.
Relatedlhy, we assume that the only reason NSA released to us a batch of Tempest docs was to promote the sale of weak
systems. Docs which describe the truly good protection have
never been released, presuming there is such high-quality of
RF security.
Tempest could be a diversion from more intricate and
interception. Over-confidence in a security system is a bellweather for successful attack.
Someday, now 5 years and counting, we hope to get NSA
FOI docs on the Brit's Non-Secret Encryption which allegedly
was invented before the PK if Diffie Hellman Merkle, and whether
any of that pre-PK information was leaked so that DHM could
access it, by guile or by accident, NSA by then having developed a crack, and set in motion the faith-based use of "unbreakable"
public crypto.

@_date: 2005-01-17 16:44:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Homeland Security Operations Morning Briefs 
Homeland Security Operations Morning Briefs
For Official Use Only
Homeland Security Information Network
Request for Information (RFI)
1. (FOUO) VIRGINIA: Larceny From Police Officers Private
Vehicle Results in Stolen Police Identification Card, Badge, Two
Loaded Magazines, and Two Handguns. According to a RFI from
the Danville Police Department (DPD), on 23 December, Larceny
from a police officers personal vehicle resulted in the following
stolen items:
 City of Danville Virginia police Identification card in the name of
William Henry Chaney
 One Silver police badge issued by the city of Danville Police Department
 One Silver police badge issued by Pittsylvania County Sheriff's Office
 One Glock Model 22, 40 caliber handgun with a Lasermax laser sight mounted
on the weapon (serial nr: 879US)
 Two loaded magazines
 One .38 Caliber Taurus brand handgun with a blue finish
 Miscellaneous keys and Panasonic recorder
This information was provided in conjunction with a Homeland Security
request to Law Enforcement Agencies to provide information that may
effect the 2005 Presidential Inauguration. The weapons have been
entered into NCIC. This information has been broadcasted to the Eastern
seaboard by the Danville Police Department. Immediately, contact the
DPD at P.O. Box 3300, Danville, Virginia 24543 and/or at telephone
number (434)799-6510 with any information. (Patriot Report: DPD,
24 December 04; HSOC 4897-04)
7. (FOUO) MARYLAND: Suspicious Individual with Various Weapons
and a Photo of Air Force One. According to Montgomery County Police
Department (MCPD) reporting, on 16 December, a U.S. named individual
called the MCPD claiming a weapon had been stolen from his home by
federal law enforcement agents conducting a covert operation in his
home. A few moments later the individual called back to say he had
found the weapon behind his couch. Officers continued to the home to
ensure it had not been broken into. The individual allowed the officers
into his residence. The officers observed numerous weaponry items
throughout the home, to include various IEDs and other suspicious
items, such as a Police SWAT Raid jacket, military uniforms, camouflage
attire, and various wigs and numerous boxes of hair dye. Officers also
recovered two bags that were converted in a way to conceal fire
weapons: the first was a computer bag with a U.S. express mail company
box inside and holes in front that allowed a gun muzzle to fit and a slit
that allowed a hand to be inserted to fire the weapon; the second item
was a tennis racket bag converted to hold an M-16 rifle. The individual
also had a large amount of paraphernalia and information related to the
assassination of JFK as well as photos of Air Force One. The individual
claimed the photos of Air Force One were taken when the plane flew
over his residence. The individual is in currently in custody and an
investigation is on-going. (MCPD; HSOC 4808-04)

@_date: 2005-03-02 12:35:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [IP] Books -- The New Hows and Whys of Global   
Patrick Keefe is overly fond of disparaging "conspiracy"
targets, among them John Gilmore, Duncan Campbell,
Wayne Madsen, EPIC, EuroParl members, just about anyone who takes an balanced (!) view of governmental
and corporate malfeasance.
His book may not be TLA-sponsored but it could be read
as an apology for the agencies, despite his avowal of
concern for privacy in these days of overweening calls
for more security.
He repeats, and quotes other characters prattling, the formulaic mantra of how much privacy must be sacrificed for security, a sure sign that security will be favored and that privacy loss will be faux-regretfully mourned, a view
mighty supportive of the TLAs.
This tipping of the discourse toward more security at
the loss of privacy appears to be the raison d'etre of
the book -- not the only one since the security agencies went into a decline with the Cold War winddown, and
then re-surged after 9/11 -- but his is the first to argue
that Echelon and its new domestic offshoots may not be such a bad thing, both overseas and at home, and
that a public debate about them is overdue.
Keefe says of Cryptome: "The site is a good litmus test
for your attachment to freedom of speech." He is not happy about excessiveness of any kind.

@_date: 2006-04-01 15:29:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bugged Humans 
References: <20060401191503.GA31240   <20060401134604.99896.qmail   <20060401184219.GA4549  <20060401185903.GO31486
   <20060401191503.GA31240
Bush is bunkered in Crawford after messing with, softening, the heads of MX and CA, and right now there are two unpublicized emergency operations underway on the AZ-MX border -- no fly zones. Call it Alamo2 run by the Carpetbagging reenactors, then right down the PanAm highway of death to VE, promulgating and liberating brand new United States on the way.
And you thought it was Iran, you dumb Peak Oil shits. The easy
oil is right nearby, closer than AK, with liquified natural gas tankers and pipelines and special ops blackfaces ready to launch, or already on the move.
Heh, cloak the grab by censuring the commander in chief, pretending
to be agitated by NSA eavesdropping, meanwhile stuffing your
energy portfolio to the max.
By god, the State of Texas, well, hell, call it the Republic of Texas
stretching all to the way to the edges of Latin America, urged on and
blessed by the exploit the natives Money Church now for over 4 centuries, with the consequence of the crippled old freedom promoting
US, legs shriveled, begging for fuel, or tithing faith healers preaching
how to learn to walk.
Fuck let's get along as we drive along yelling at our cells Americans, all the colors of the rainbow, even the drip and dried anus whities anxiously waiting for the help to drive the beach buggy.
A century from now people will wonder how did our ancestors ... believe?

@_date: 2006-12-16 20:29:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Clips] Sameer Parekh is in the *Marines*? :-) 
References: Now that's interesting reading. Even a note from Doug Barnes
hiding out in NYC.
Sameer in the Marines, a 2nd Louie with a target on his back.
White House fellow would be much better, a totally trusted cpunk picking the lock of the armageddon football.

@_date: 2006-06-24 22:29:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: missing info on "special collections service" 
m>
The FAS file on SCS and the Jason Vest article from the Village Voice, archived in May 2002:
   (240KB)
Three eyeballs of SCS:
      Anything new you turn would be welcomed. According
to Ron Susskind's new book SCS-type operations have
greatly increased in number and type of invasion since 9/11, and may be the principal action against freedom fighters and their supporters. DoD is doing the black
jobs now also with its own special operations units.
Air Force Special Operations Command (AFSOC)
delivers the undercover teams -- CIA and special forces from all the military branches -- worldwide and provides protection as well as operates the murderous UAVs. A few hi-rez photos on the AFSOC website showing the UAVs being maintained and armed by contractors.
Teams are reportedly in Iran, North Korea, China,
Syria and some contentious parts of the former Soviet Union -- bases are located in the various central
Asia 'stans, Taiwan, Japan. Some working on North
Korea are coming from China with that government's
okay, but others are working parts of China without
an okay.
Venezuela is doomed, the ninjas cackle.

@_date: 2006-06-26 16:27:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Scott Marcus Declaration 
A fair amount of the redactions of the Scott Marcus declaration
can be restored by using the various Klein statements, releases and declarations, the ATT filing which had liftable redactions,
Wired's releases, and the recent Salon article.
For example, Coderman guessed here a 3-letter redaction  could be "tap," while it is actually "SG3," the acronym for "Study Group 3." This is disclosed in the ATT filing which had a liftable redaction referring to a redacted sentence in the Marcus declaration.
"Study Group 3" is also one of the common redactions in the
Marcus doc.
We're restoring others and will share or put on Cryptome. Help

@_date: 2006-06-26 17:39:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Scott Marcus Declaration 
m>
References:    <20060626160445.GU28956 I don't know who else may be working on restoring redactions.
Just pick a heavily redacted paragraph or page and post it here,
retaining the paragraph number. We're moving very slowly on it.
Exhibit A is not identifiable.
Based on references by Marcus:
Klein Exhibit B appears to be Wired's release of Klein's "Study Group 3, LGX/Splitter Wiring, San Francisco, Issue 1, 12/20/2002." This 4-page excerpt appears to be taken from a longer, 40-page document referred to by Marcus.
Klein Exhibit C appears to be Wired's release of Klein's
"SIMS, Splitter Cut-In and Test Procedures, Issue 2,
01/13/03." This is a 4-page document.
Most of the Klein and ATT documents are in this file:
  Or linked,  where we made an earlier stab at restoring Klein's Or the Exhibits B and C can be downloaded at Wired, Ryan Singel's blog.
The recent Scott Marcus declaration, as noted earlier, is here:
  Klein's statement released through his lawyer is in the Cryptome file as well, or can be downloaded from Wired,
Ryan Singel's blog.
A lot of the Marcus redactions concern "SG3" and "LGX,"
with SG3 customarily used with "Configuration." LGX
usually refers to the "LGX room" or "LGX/Splitter" project.
As Marcus notes, LGX is short for LGX/Splitter.
After chewing the bone, it looks as though most of the stuff
can be recovered or PG guessed.

@_date: 2006-05-03 19:59:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Clips] Russia Left with No Satellite Surveillance 
Well, there you have it, why loft your own satellites when you
can Crypto AG those of others and let them pay you to screw
Who cares who owns and feeds the cows in the sky so long as you
can suckle the backdoored data for free.
No doubt NSA is happy with this piggish arrangement too, piggybacking on the Russkies' porgy and bess to keep aloft the urgent need for more US  natsec billionish boondoggles out of the NASA, NRO and Space Command.
Meanwhile the spook boots on the ground get all the gash cash to pry the sat software out of the adnoids of dick-led and
pussywhipped cipher coders who once believed they'd rule the
world with unfathomable primes.

@_date: 2006-05-13 10:37:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [CYBERIA] Liability of phone companies [perhaps off-topic] 
L at LISTSERV.AOL.COM>
Former Director of NSA Bobby Inman said last week at a public session
that NSA and the FBI seek very different information, that NSA is
happy to get tiny fragments which would be useless to the FBI.
He said digital communications was a godsend for NSA compared
to analogue, for computers can process great amount of digital
data that would remain obscure or unavailable if it was analogue.
He emphasized that content of communications was not what NSA
sought, instead it wanted data about patterns which would help
focus attention on what content needed to be sought by FBI-like
means. And huge volumes of pattern-rich data needed to be
processed, indeed the larger the volume the better the possibility
useful patterns could be determined. A few focussed calls
such as the FBI seeks would not be helpful to establish patterns.
That is why he said the FBI did not know what to do with the
large number of leads provided to it by NSA, that the FBI was
correct that the diverse range of tidbits had no meaning to them
with the procedures for evidence gathering and prosecution
to which they trained and for which they are regulated.
Inman said NSA is focussed on warning of threat to the nation
not crime-busting, and that for this reason the slightest of data
can turn out to be important if it is correlated with other bits and
pieces. And this requires capacity for gathering, analyzing,
correlating and judgment-making that the military -- with large
number of satellites, antennae, computers, algorithms and
databanks as well as people to operate the apparatus -- alone
has. Nobody else in government or outside it can do this.
That a series of DIRNSAs have made this compelling case
for the need for a topnotch, near-infallible warning system to
a series of presidents and overseers. Inman readily admitted
that when he was head of NSA he "did not have the vision to
anticipate an attack like 9/11." And that he believed the nation
was still at high risk for a repeat.
Not many presidents could resist this argument, nor could
many corporations should they have been trusted enough to
be told what a few in government were told.
Inman said the FBI was good at what it does but it was clueless
about what NSA does. And NSA is not going to tell the FBI, which
leads to nasty blow-ups.
What remains is what DoJ is told about NSA's activities. Inman
agreed with other panelists that DoJ will write a legal justification
for whatever it is told. Sure, a few DoJ lawyers will refuse, but there
are many others who will do it. Just as there are differences in
DoJ, there are differences in NSA about complying with law
governing surveillance, and at the present time newcomers are
eager to skirt the law oldtimers, burned by the 1970s investigations,
are scared shitless to break.
Hayden is not with the old-timers because failure to warn of 9/11
was the greatest NSA failure ever -- CIA on the sidelines but taking
the hit. Inman said he would probably do what Hayden did faced
with the same circumstances.
Inman said in response to an audience challenge that he believed
in covert surveillance, "I've saved lives with it, the nation needs it."
He emphasized, however, that oversight was essential to preserve
democracy, and the FISA needs to be rewritten to fit today's
enemy. He said he helped write the original FISA, all done in
secret. He was not sure how open the rewrite could be, and
he was troubled by the lack of intelligence oversight.
For Listserv Instructions, see Off-Topic threads: Need more help? Send mail to: Cyberia-L-Request at listserv.aol.com
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-05-14 08:40:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [CYBERIA] Liability of phone companies [perhaps off-topic] 
L at LISTSERV.AOL.COM>
One type of activity NSA needs to trace above all else, perhaps more
than military threats, are financial transactions, and it is these
types most fiercely protected against government access, whether
business to business, person to person, org to org, and most especially
financial op to financial op, the latter not limited to regulated banks.
And no type of enterprise has the resources to giver NSA a run for
its money in long-time, maybe forever, in concealing where the
money is and where it is going and so the struggle goes between
the two biggest consumers of comsec products, hardware and talent,
along with and outpouring of dire threats and assured security.
Deception in financial transcriptions is a given, as with spying, no
the huge effort to trace them by the revenuers, competitors, and
and private spies.
Off the radar, off the grid, off the earth, financial transactions
are larger and more resourceful than all the governments combined.
It is far easier to track military developments than where the money
flows or is stashed or obscured by encryption and false tracking
The steady promulgations of DoJ and the slew of financial crimes
task forces indicate the visible tip of the iceberg; what is exceedingly
hard to penetrate is the underside side of it.
To be sure, if it was admitted that NSA was most interested in tracing
financial transaction data, say to hand over to IRS, FBI and Justice,
that might scare Americans, particularly American businesses with
global customers good and evil, more than diddly-squat mining of
phone data (although some of the consumer chatter might reveal
clues about lesser known ways to transfer money, say, coded signals
sent to order what to do for who).
If NSA was to be confirme as a money cop far more adept and armed
than IRS and FBI the wealth flight to more lenient havens might shake
the foundations of democracy far more than knowing who is calling who.
It was not for a petty protection of US Persons that NSA was formerly
banned from telling other parts of the government what it was
That was the consumer cover story.
Wonderfully strange about the dramatic increase of FBI investigation
of official corruption following the dropping of the ban on sharing
data. Whether any of that was part of the flood of NSA data the FBI
bitched about being worthless is thrilling to consider.
If the PATRIOT Act leads to cleaning up government and business
that would be justice.
In contrast, other nations are deeply concerned, as with Echelon, that
using the terrorist rationale NSA has boosted its collection financial
data on business, persons and governments, pushing the frightened
toward US financial sanctuary, while public attention is diverted with
wails about invasion of personal privacy -- which to these nations means
nothing more important than financial secrecy about cheating, lying,
robbing, sweetheart government contracts, evasion of taxes. With
the Swiss armtwisted into ratting on its banking customers, where
can an evildoer or goodheart find a trusworthy ATM which does not
databank everyone.
We learned today of the Journalist Visa required by the US from
one who has just come here from Italy, more restrictive than for
an ordinary citizen on a visit. With this prejudicial practice the US
joins the select freedom of speech rascals Russia and China.
Is that special visa legit, and if so, what regulates the practice
to demonize the press as if spies.
For Listserv Instructions, see Off-Topic threads: Need more help? Send mail to: Cyberia-L-Request at listserv.aol.com
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-05-16 13:04:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [anogeorgeo@yahoo.com: ATTN: MiTH attack against SkyPE,    
Wasn't it pointed out quite a while ago, here if no where else, that all digital communications and data were susceptible to covert "radiological tagging," including those encrypted? I don't recall what protection
against that was proposed or developed, but it was seen to be
so likely that countermeasures were essential, but not necessarily
to be disclosed publicly any more than your passphrase.
Now it is always hard to tell what are spoof vulnerabilities, disinfo,
and real ones, but spoof almost certainly outnumber the real
ones for that is a common offense against attackers: to cloud
clear and obscure vulnerabilities with confabulated clear and
obscure ones.
The way broken security continues in use to mislead those
who are dumbfounded that such cluelessness occurs: to
with the Iran security services continuing to use a cracked
crypto system after news reports about it.
Weak comsec is like orchestrated leaks, fools fall in love
with them, seduced by a belief of superiority and good fortune.
The one about the Russians one-time misuse of a one-time
pad leading to cracking VENOA as if that was all there was
Telegraph hands in the old days were quite good at simulating
hands, and cross-talk in wiring was used to leak believable
information because of the faith the snoopers had that nobody
was aware of the intercepts.
William Arkin listed a few days ago on his Washpo blog some 500 programs in use by US spooks to surveil for threats, and some of those might be more than smoke and sunshine but
most are sci-fi used to promote NSA pantopticonic flim-flam.
The most valuable intelligence is obtained by human betrayal
and the humongous hardware on land, undersea and space which gets credit is an effective cloak. Bribing for info is
still the most cost effective, but the US economy doesn't
benefit from that petty pork compared to big iron on land,
undersea and in space.

@_date: 2006-05-17 22:03:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NS&AT&T 
References: <8f5ca2210605171533x508fb2f3y70d74ba130028c2
There were once cpunk subscribers from NSA's National Computer Security
Center (ncsc.mil; 144.51.x.x) in the 90s and a slew of .mils, .govs and
others interested in crypto before it became a porkbelly commodity.
Learning from cpunks, a daily bot from ncsc came to JYA.com (predecessor of Cryptome) when it set up in 1996, and took anything new:
  There are still occasional visits from several ncsc machines but not
a daily bot, at least not by that couture label. Here's a list of 2,821 machine addresses at ncsc in 2001:
   Never a hit from nsa.gov, which appears to be only public tool like fbi.gov
not used for lazy gandering and fucking off.
NSANET and  (no extension) are hard to crack but once gave good comsec, maybe still do:

@_date: 2006-05-18 11:20:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [dewayne@warpspeed.com: [Dewayne-Net] No one on the planet  
The Blue-Ray is a clever spoof. Another may be: that IDs and biographies
of soldiers killed in Iraq are being used to produce false identification
papers for sale along the US border and overseas. A variation includes as well the IDs of those killed on 9/11. Lots of information on the 6,000 or so on the Internet: head shots, hometowns, relatives, biographies, exactly what is needed to turn out fakes that
would have good chance of clearing watch lists. Each ID could be duplicated, say, thousands of to provide the 6 million and up demanded by the thriving market promoted by counterterrorism.

@_date: 2006-05-23 08:51:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [gnu@toad.com: May 24: National Day of Outrage at   
References:    <20060522142611.GT26713   <20060523082056.GG26713 Speaking of orthogonal, what happened to *PLONK* as a code
outburst for chagrin a being tromped by somebody smarter-assed,
well, more adept at haughty bon mot triumphalisme.
*PLONK*s were once frequently used here to hawk loogies. The archives show over 30,000 sneezes from about 2 million snorts.
29,000 were by Mr. Tim May, 500 by Monsieur Perry Metzger, 499 by Detweiler, a universally beloved pseudonym, though less popular in the American (forever a) colony than Euro-septic Luther Bissett.
You say you missed about 1.9999 million of the wheezes. Well, then
you are a super*PLONK*er who unsubbed after bazooka-ing your
bugger, mooning your crack as the outdoor whacked it. Or pretended to unsub and hunkered down to see if anybody cared (Old French: "gave a shit"), or resubbed under a pseudo snot-me.
Truthsayers claim over 98% of cpunk subscribers are one humanoid
keyhammering about having to code for the 2% fuck-offs topside spitting
sub-juvenile filos0fikal cant to consumers agog at the wonders of
laborsaving digitalizers commanding them to spend thousands on
upgraded error spreaders.
This outrage must stop. Mark Klein nasaled.

@_date: 2006-05-23 18:06:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [gnu@toad.com: May 24: National Day of Outrage at   
References: <20060523143821.GC9630   <20060522142611.GT26713   <20060523082056.GG26713   <20060523121739.GI26713   <20060523133133.GJ26713  <20060523143821.GC9630
You fucking heathenism hetero in denial, some advanced folks relish both of those delights, and you might like the combo too ... and your goat is fed up with its balls being licked.
That's a Colbert Report.

@_date: 2006-05-31 11:02:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Clips] Court rules no whistle-blower free-speech right 
References: Agreed. What has evolved in recent years is a watering-down of whistleblower
information by media eager to show it is responsible if not intimidated by
administration threats and bluffs. Witness the NSA spying self-censorship by the NY Times and others while touting brave challenges to authority.
Whistleblowers are being whipsawed by allurements to tell all with identity
protected and then betrayed by editorial (advertising, investment) policy to not go too far in alarming the populace (spooking advertisers and investors).
An underground (black) press is more trustworthy providing you can
tell which are honeypots and fake pederasts and which are willing to
take extreme measures rather than reveal sources. Willingness to go to jail is no longer a reliable test of journalistic reliability, it has
become a promotional gimmick not to be believed. The fashion to "grant anonymity" by the media to whistleblowers presumes
to grant too much authority to the media without it having demonstrated it
is willing to risk as much as the whistleblower -- protect thine own ass
or better: run your own medium.

@_date: 2006-10-13 11:44:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Looking for a Job Out of Jail in 2009 
[Envelope postmarked 29 September 2006.]
Federal Correction Institution
P.O. Box 33
Terre Haute, IN 47808
INMATE IDENTIFICATION CONFIRMED
Legal Mail/Special Mail
Cryptome E-Magazine
Attn John Young, Editor
251 West 89th STreet Suite 6E
New York, NY 10024
Jim Bell 26909-086
P.O. Box 33
TerreHaute, IN 47808
Dear Mr. Young,
I am still in prison, and I will probably be so until Sept 2009. (You
know I was railroaded.) I am very, very worried about my future.
When I get out, I will have nearly no assets and I will need a job.
Right now I'm "networking" to figure out how I will live under
exceedingly trying circumstances.
If you have any ideas, or contacts, or ? My degree is
in chemistry (MIT 1980, Bachelors) and I have extensive
knowledge of electronics. (Analog, digital, etc.) (Ham N7IJS)
Thank you for your past efforts. Please contact my
parents with any ideas.
Sam & Lou Bell
7214 Corregidor
Vancouver, WA 98664
Please help if you can.
Jim Bell

@_date: 2006-10-13 15:39:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Looking for a Job Out of Jail in 2009 
[Envelope postmarked 29 September 2006.]
Federal Correction Institution
P.O. Box 33
Terre Haute, IN 47808
INMATE IDENTIFICATION CONFIRMED
Legal Mail/Special Mail
Cryptome E-Magazine
Attn John Young, Editor
251 West 89th STreet Suite 6E
New York, NY 10024
Jim Bell 26909-086
P.O. Box 33
TerreHaute, IN 47808
Dear Mr. Young,
I am still in prison, and I will probably be so until Sept 2009. (You
know I was railroaded.) I am very, very worried about my future.
When I get out, I will have nearly no assets and I will need a job.
Right now I'm "networking" to figure out how I will live under
exceedingly trying circumstances.
If you have any ideas, or contacts, or ? My degree is
in chemistry (MIT 1980, Bachelors) and I have extensive
knowledge of electronics. (Analog, digital, etc.) (Ham N7IJS)
Thank you for your past efforts. Please contact my
parents with any ideas.
Sam & Lou Bell
7214 Corregidor
Vancouver, WA 98664
Please help if you can.
Jim Bell

@_date: 2006-10-16 14:31:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Looking for a Job Out of Jail in 2009 
References: Jim is still forbidden to use computers as far as I know. His notes are
usually handwritten. Most of his legal briefs are typewritten but they are
probably typed by somebody else, although a few are handwritten. His technical skills are considered to be dangerous but not as terrifying
as the words and thoughts of Assassination Politics, and nothing
is more of a WGD than insurgency of no taxes.

@_date: 2006-09-04 11:48:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Retention and Collection of Crypto Data 
Cryptome received via FOIA from NSA this weekend a procedures document for COMINT affecting US persons, dated March 2004, which mentions retention and collection of crypto-related data:
[Excerpt 1]
2. Retention
(S/SI) Foreign communications of, or concerning, United States persons that
are intercepted by the United States Signals Intelligence System may be retained in their original form or as transcribed only:
  (a) if processed so as to eliminate any reference to United States persons;
  (b) if necessary to the maintenance of technical data bases. Retention for
  this purpose is permitted for a period sufficient to allow a thorough
  exploitation and to permit access to data that are, or are reasonably
  likely to become, relevant to a current or future intelligent requirement.
  Sufficient duration may vary with the nature of the exploitation. In the
  context of a cryptanalytic effort, sufficient duration may consist of a
  of time during which encrypted material is subject to, or of use in,
  cryptanalysis. In the case of international commercial communications that
  may contain the identity of United States persons and that are not
  or otherwise thought to contain secret meaning, sufficient duration is one
  year unless the Deputy Director for Operations, National Security Agency,
  determines in writing that retention for a longer period is required to
  to authorized foreign intelligence or counterintelligence requirements; or
[End excerpt 1]
[Excerpt 2]
D. (C) Signals Intelligence: Search and Development.
The United States Signals Intelligence System may conduct search and development activities with respect to signals throughout the radio spectrum under the following limitations:
1. Collection. Signals may be collected only for the purpose of identifying
those signals that:
  (a) may contain information related to the production of foreign
  or counterintelligence;
  (b) are enciphered or appear to contain secret meaning;
  (c) are necessary to ensure efficient signals intelligence collection or
  to avoid the collection of unwanted signals; or
  (d) reveal vulnerability of United States communications security.
[End excerpt 2]

@_date: 2007-12-21 05:26:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: another seeming attack on my server's DirPort 
Skepticism of the NSA-affiliation list is warranted. Just as much as
skepticism about that NSA and its global ilk have been tapping all international and domestic telecommunications. Nobody believed that was going on, and some ignorant fools still disbelieve, or worse, cannot bear to believe a technology so enjoyable could be so violative.
The telcos have been screwing their customers from day one, so
why would ISPs be any different? The Internet is a spying machine
just like the telecomms and postal services have always been, get used to it, or get over it, or get off it, or give up the addiction.
Lesson One for the conspiracy deniers: The only true conspiracy theorists are the spies, they could not exist unless they kept the
natsec threats and denials achurning.
No infosec system is as effective as promoting that it is safe
and secure. Blind faith in the reliability and trustworthiness of
widespread communication technology is damn comforting.
Preaching to the choir here, to be sure.

@_date: 2007-02-04 07:36:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Harris SecNet 11 Secure Wireless Local Area Network 
A sends a package containing the Harris SecNet 11 Secure Wireless Local Area Network program and guides for quick setup and use.
For a copy of the package (30MB) send a PGP public key to Harris SecNet 11 Secure Wireless Local Area Network
"An NSA-approved COMSEC account is required to purchase, possess, and use this equipment."
This document contains information controlled by the International Traffic
in Arms Regulations (22 CFR 120-130) of the United States of America. The resale, diversion, transfer, or disposal of this document or any other element of the SecNet 11 software is restricted by the End User License Agreement for the SecNet 11 software, paragraph 9, EXPORT CONTROL.

@_date: 2007-02-16 19:31:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Reverse Rendition? Hey John Young... 
Here is the Italian arrest warrant which names names:

@_date: 2007-03-02 06:06:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Releases Top Secret Crypto Docs 
NSA has released under FOIA nine crypto papers in response to a
November 2000 request for information on non-secret encryption and
JH Ellis, British cryptographer long at CESG. Non-secret encryption preceded the invention of public key crypto.
Three of the papers were formerly classified as Top Secret Codeword,
one Secret (by JH Ellis, 1977) and others Confidential (Clifford Cocks, 1998)
and FOUO.

@_date: 2007-03-11 06:03:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Clips] Don't like ID cards? Hand over your passport 
This could aid the development of false identities like the
spies do, lie about everything, who you are, who you work
for, where you live, who are your associates, who you hurt,
who you steal from, where you go around the world, what
laws you break around the planet, what you withhold from
overseers, with totally deceptive and legitimate-appearing documentation, all fully government-approved to deceive the enemy, indeed, the legion of enemies doing exactly the same thing require that absolute suspicion is necessary.
Two or more worlds, both believable and unbelievable by the paranoid standards of the day, with god and the
devil seeing through the pretenses of the faithful and
the unfaithful, everybody pantopicizing everybody else,
comforted in their blind faith that only they know who is
who, that nobody ever tells the full truth except under
direst of threat, that is tell the lies you want to hear,
proving your suspicion is warranted.
Liars breed liars, and that is precisely what law enforcers
desire to perpetuate their version of reality.
Nobody deceives more than those in authority, nobody
demands more that they be trusted to do the right thing
by hook or crook -- forever in the public interest and in
Well, nobody except the lowest on the totem pole, godless,
unafraid of the devil's worst, without scruple, happily
invisible, unknown, down and out. Born to spy.

@_date: 2007-11-17 07:31:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: PKC Bug Attack by Adi Shamir 
Adi Shamir's bug attack on PKC featured in the NY Times today:
The NYT report:

@_date: 2008-04-16 23:00:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Codebreaker Makes $2.8B in a Year 
For Hettinga's nose coke blowing about the virtues of coding:
New York Times reports today:
"James H. Simons, a mathematician and former Defense Department code breaker who uses complex computer models to trade, earned $2.8 billion. His flagship Medallion fund returned 73 percent."
What could NSA do in the market with its acres of computers
and thousands of cryptologists?
To be sure, Simons might just be stealing data in the NSA
way and covering it up with the tall tale.
Financial cryptography is not be trusted.

@_date: 2008-04-17 10:29:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Codebreaker Makes $2.8B in a Year 
References: That was kiss blown to see if you read this list.
What's Tim May doing?
Have all the cryptographers been re-shackled by the authorities
they were destined to slavishly serve, dumped by the Cold
War die-out, rejuvenated by GWOT?
Your asskissing fan

@_date: 2008-04-24 11:10:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Releases 70 Declassified Comsec Docs 
70 articles from the NSA in-house Cryptologic Spectrum 1969-85:
Zipped file of the index and collection:
 (31MB)

@_date: 2008-12-01 12:53:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Looking for a Job Out of Jail in 2009 
References: Jim won't get out until September 2009 unless Jeff Gordon
admits his error and persuades the hanging prosecutor and judge to let him take Jim's place.
Meanwhile CJ is making filthy music:

@_date: 2008-12-28 15:27:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Matt Blaze blog entry about NSA warrantless wiretapping 
Matt's concluding concern that Southwestern Bell's AT&T might have violated the basic privacy promise of the original AT&T by
dancing to NSA's tune, is indeed to be lamented. SW Bell has been cooperating with the Feds from its earliest days, thanks to the vast military array and contracts in its service area.
One might suspect that SW Bell's buyout of AT&T was assisted by
the spies for their own purposes to gain ready access to the
infrastructure through tried and trusted friendlies. NTT's
arrangement for the FBI to grab all its traffic at the Dallas
switch a part of the pattern. And Verizon marches in step,
it too having a central intercept office in the Dallas area,
and half-dozen more in NYC for the perdurable Euro suction.
This is not to say that all defense-fed corporations have not
been equally cooperative whether by economic inducement or
by regulatory coercion. Oh, and patriotism, kachink.
Will any of this change under Obama? Would he dare prosecute
the spies and the lawyers who waved them on? Nobody has
ever done that.
I'd count on the technicians running the systems to correct
the abuse not the legal-politicos who think the invasiveness is

@_date: 2008-02-09 12:04:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: undersea cable cuts 
References:   <786554.80675.qm   <6.2.1.2.1.20080204215340.056f4eb0 The Economist did little research, it seems, or it was fed disinfo, or
was induced to defuse speculation.
This list's archive, if no where else, would defuse most of the Economist's
defusing. That's not to say the cpunks archives exists in full, or not easily
For several years, if not from day one, transoceanic cables are pre-rigged
for tapping, aguably for repair and maintenance by firms like Global Marine, but easily siphoned for less benign purposes. Moreover it is flat wrong that
fiber optic cable is hard to tap. It takes sophisticated equipment but none
that is beyond the spies and telecomms regular capability. Disinfo abounds
about this as with most classified-at-birth communications technology.
The spies regularly spout that fiber has made eavesdropping more difficult,
along with encryption, the out of control Internet, the ease of transborder
evasion of laws governing global laws on privacy and national security.
Top US spy McConnell is on automatic about these fairy tales.
Lying about interception capability is as old as communications. The
Economist is full of shit and shallowness, the silly quotes from discussion
lists, with only a small chance that the story was not planted by officials. It sure reads like the usual DNI-MI-speak when an op is discovered or deliberately leaked to divert attention from more covert derringdo.
Say, why tap when worldwide ISPs are jumping through hoops to get natsec
snooping business.
I'd say global spies are desperate to keep surveillance budgets out of this world. Almost as desperate as news outlets whipsawing readers.
Nothing like that would ever happen here.

@_date: 2008-02-25 04:38:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: How long can you go with an expired key? 
References: Encrypted email continues to be often used around some places.
And encrypted files for transmittal is common, too. Sometimes for
online transmittal, other times for sending by offline means.
Probably what is happening is that those using encryption do not
advertise it as much as in earlier days, not least because of the
ease with which it calls attention to users for traffic analysis by those who are happy the fools don't know what they reveal.
And the more popluar encryption programs have no doubt been
compromised -- that is what "enterprise" means: to lure or
entrap crypto users into overly trusting supposedly secure
encryption for easy snooping on employees and citizens.
No serious info sec lover will use a single means for privacy.
And will always beware of absolutely trustworthy anything. That
is a mantra here.
Turncoats abound, cpunks no different than anyone in succumbing
to contracts, bribery, threats, compromise, jealousy, hatred,
bitterness, and the rest of excuses shits give themselves for
screwing those who counted on others being more stupid than
they are. Recall that only a small number of cpunks ever posted to the list, and that remains the case. And quite a few of those posted to stimulate confessions and revealing info sec disclosures.
Still not clear if public crypto was a masterful hoodwink, but likely
is, perfectly fitting the internet's astonishing success at inducing millions to blab and brag and believe a new era had arrived, privacy
protected by mathematics and open testing, not wanting to believe the mathematicians and testers got to make a living doing what
has to be done to keep the whining family happy, burp, ahem, ROTFL, etc.
Duplicity is inate, the boyos argue and have faith in, to justify
their rigging the info sec game.

@_date: 2008-07-23 12:08:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: E-gold Court Documents 
USA v. E-gold court documents:
Describes e-gold's holdings stashed around the world, what was
seized by the USG (everything), the unceasing bludgeoning of the defendants by freezing their finances, refusing their attempts to cooperate, double-crossing, sweet-talking, lying and ratcheting up accusations, and inducing lawyers to abandon their bankrupted
clients. Dr. Jackson has to evict his parents to sell a house for
legal fees. Him and his parents now destitute. Feds didn't give
a shit, wanting to set an example for those who think the Internet
finance is borderless.
What the plea agreement says beyond the Fed's press release could
tell more about e-gold serving as a hostage and informant, well, except for the secret parts concerning the running of honeypots
and placing rats inside the schemers offshore lairs.

@_date: 2008-06-13 17:13:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Sizlak Curve 
A NSA FOIA processing file cites "The Sizlak Curve" as a source searched  by the Cryptography Office for documents related to
the British Non-Secret Encryption, precursor to publc key
Information on what "The Sizlak Curve" means is welcomed.
NSA says the term is unclassified.  It could be disinfo or a joke.
An image of the citation:
The processing file from which the image is taken:
 (142pp, 4MB)
Forwarding this inquiry to crypto lists and fora would be

@_date: 2008-10-05 16:38:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 'Unbreakable' quantum cryptography hacked without   
Can Eve control PerkinElmer actively-quenched single-photon detector?
Authors: Vadim Makarov, Andrey Anisimov, Sebastien Sauge
(Submitted on 19 Sep 2008)
Abstract: We show how PerkinElmer SPCM-AQR detector module can be controlled by an eavesdropper using bright optical pulses, by exploiting an obscure flaw in the detector electrical circuit. First experimental results are reported. This loophole may make possible an attack against quantum cryptosystems that use these detectors. Comments: 2 pages, 3 figures. Accepted for poster presentation at the SECOQC international conference in Vienna, October 8-10, 2008
Quantum Hacking

@_date: 2008-10-18 07:54:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Emanation Shielding with Music 
James Bamford in his new book on the NSA, mentions
the glazing system on an HQ building which is composed
of two layers of glass with wire mesh for TEMPEST
shielding but also that music is played within the glass
layers to garble vibration emanations.
Anyone know of this music system or where more information
could be obtained?
On related topic, "buckypaper" is claimed to provide up to 10 times more radiation protection than current Air Force requirements:
Further out, on the varieties of electronic harrassment and

@_date: 2008-10-21 17:31:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Emanation Shielding with Music 
References: Thanks for the comments here. Two responses received from No. 1
Comments concerning TEMPEST and Laser Mic probes of windows and fenestration.
1. A high security internal and external window install would typically consist of two layers of 0.75 inch glass with a high lead contact. Exterior facing walls may have ballistic glass of varying thickness, again with a high lead layer.
2. Music IS NOT introduced between layers in a high security application. However, WHITE NOISE is introduced; sourced from a very secure high entropy white noise generator whose output is constantly monitored and mathmatically analysed in order to detect any unacceptable departure from the expected levels of entropy.
No. 2
US patent 6,285,773 discloses a speaker designed specifically for use in double glazing.
Also interesting, five US patents assigned to CPFilms Inc. (7,405,872, 7,295,368, 7,177,075, 6,891,667, and 6,859,310) contain this golden nugget:
"A flexible transparent sheet made in accordance with this invention may also be used to minimize acoustic transmissions from a building by carefully applying the film to the window with an adhesive while making certain that no visible air bubbles are formed between the flexible sheet and the glazing of the window. The term "visible air bubbles" used herein means air bubbles which are visible without any magnification (i.e., visible to the naked eye). It has been discovered that when the transparent flexible sheet lies over an air bubble, the flexible sheet behaves like the diaphragm of a loudspeaker. This causes unwanted transmission of sound waves. Avoiding these bubbles minimizes the transmission of the sound waves through the window." We add that the glazing must be acoutically isolated from its
frame. Metal frames of windows and doors are very effective transmitters of signal (as well as temperature), either those received from the glass in windows or from spaces directly.
Frames need to be acoustically isolated and thermally
broken. Wood frames are much better for this purpose.
One of the shortcomings of relatively new use of cold-formed
metal studs for exterior walls is that they transmit sound
and temperature far more than masonry, so much so that
green designers recommend that they not be used despite
seeming cost savings.
Metal studs in gypsum board walls are wonderful transmitters,
indeed, the studs and gyp board may act as amplifiers, no
matter the STC rating derived from other characteristics.
Again, wood studs are preferrable, or the metal studs must
be isolated by double layering and gasketing.
Wet wood is a transmitter of signal and temperature, dry wood less so.
There are synthetics and/or composities which can take the place of wood and metal studs. Not yet cheap enough to be
used widely.
Now, metal nails, screws, brackets, masonry reinforcement,
ties, support angles and whatnot still remain a source of signal. High-strength adhesives and isolation devices
improve the resistance to transmittal.
The wondrous materials of the stealth machines may come
into architecture some day, but not soon. Well, maybe the
TLAs are using them in SCIFs, the super-versions.
Bamford's latest book is chock full of nightmare technology
and programs for invasive methods well beyond most of
healthy paranoia about incomsec.

@_date: 2009-08-18 17:25:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RFID: Important Information about IETF 76 Meeting   
References: <75673255-4128-466B-ABD6-F1F347388344 What a fuck-up.
Alexa, for Managed by Association Management Solutions,
is eager to slip this pernicious "management" spy tool into
the event under guise of making things easier for participants.
What RFID does is spy on participants, a sneaky practice promoted
by the RFID industry working through senior executives who love
to monitor underlings.
Surely the IETF membership is not clueless about the well-founded
villainy of RFID. Has there been negative feedback to Alexa's
management subterfuge?
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2009-08-20 14:02:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US Indicts Shamwich Swiss Banker and Lawyer 
References: Swiss Banking Executive and Swiss Lawyer Charged with
Conspiring to Defraud the United States
Defendants Aided Wealthy Americans Conceal Assets in
Secret Swiss Bank Accounts
WASHINGTON - Hansruedi Schumacher and Matthias Rickenbach,
both of Switzerland, were indicted today for conspiring to defraud
the United States, the Justice Department and Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) announced. According to the indictment, Schumacher
worked as an executive manager at Neue Zuercher Bank (NZB), a
Swiss private bank located in Zurich, Switzerland. Rickenbach
worked as a Swiss attorney who provided legal advice and services
to U.S. clients. Both are alleged to have aided wealthy Americans
conceal assets and income in Switzerland from United States
According to the indictment, Schumacher and Rickenbach helped
wealthy American clients conceal their assets by establishing
sham and nominee offshore entities to hide their U.S. clients'
assets and income while allowing these clients to still control
the assets and make investment decisions.
The indictment further alleges that Schumacher and Rickenbach
regularly traveled to the United States to conduct banking and
investment activities with their U.S. clients and that when they
traveled they concealed their business activities in the United
States by falsely representing to American authorities that they
were traveling to the U.S. for personal reasons. While in the
United States, the defendants would sometimes bring cash
for their clients.
According to court documents, Schumacher and Rickenbach
aided their wealthy American clients repatriate money back
to the United States using several deceptive means. Schumacher
and Rickenbach helped their clients obtain offshore credit cards
and created sham loan documents. Additionally, Schumacher
and Rickenbach falsified bank documents to generate the
appearance that assets of their U.S. clients belonged to Swiss
citizens, and they falsified documents to disguise their United
States clients' repatriation of offshore funds as inheritances
from foreign citizens.
According to court documents, Schumacher and Rickenbach
discouraged their U.S. clients from voluntarily coming into
compliance in the United States. Instead, the defendants
encouraged their clients to transfer their assets from UBS,
a large Swiss bank, to NZB, a smaller bank in Switzerland.
The defendants told their clients that their assets and
identification would be safer at NZB because they had no
presence in the United States and was therefore less likely
to be pressured by the American authorities to disclose the
identities of their United States clients.

@_date: 2009-08-20 15:49:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US Indicts Shamwich Swiss Banker and Lawyer 
References:   <882e2b54059c498017b8a5c0f0418266.squirrel
Apparently not in custody, the docket shows no record of arrest.
The indictment amplifies the means and methods employed,
names two clients as co-consiprators and gives the initials of
two others as unindicted. Amounts of money involved are pocket
change to the biggies here.
Reminds that Jim Bell writes that his invention will likely be
worth trillions and will change science, national security and
maybe metaphysics.
My entire fortune safely stashed under Turks and Caicos is bet
on Jim.

@_date: 2009-08-29 07:26:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Fwd: [Macgpg-users] GPGMail & Snow Leopard 
References: <732076a80908281644v616c3eb4u6879df152b4592f7
   <2B0E88D1-5949-4B3D-9D67-3EF73CEA4740
Does raise a question about Apple's intent to develop
its own crypto as with everything else consumers have
come to expect inside a pretty package of magic. Which
PGP may be well aware of, with as ever, an assist from
Microsoft's inside spies at Apple. Clunkers ban together.
To be sure, Apple's spies inside Mircosoft and PGP are
not idly spreading rumors of Linux ever-more tentacular
Doubly sure, the spies and liars may be the same in all
instances, doing the CEOs' dirty to slip into IBM's inner
pants to see what's highly erectile functioning.
Learning from NSA who learned from the British who
tortured the Muslims who bung-holed the Greeks
who cheated the Sumerians who grabbed from the
Egyptians who, let it be said, Gaddafi shouts, we all
out-gunned the paranoid sub-saharans by poisoning their
wells, and little noticed in this circle jerk fingerpointing
is the quiet claim by the central africans about the
lasting effectiveness of viral ebola and ball-shriveling
Anybody who thinks viral bots are a western invention
is historically, vaingloriously blind to conceal claims of
originiality to hide buglary and theft-- which is a prime
definition of western civ.
Its not the strong math and weak implementation that
assures success in crypto business and WMDs, its the
knife in the back, i.e., the financiers behind the arms.
Akbar, akbar.

@_date: 2009-12-02 11:46:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Re:_Feds_=91Pinged=92_Sprint_GPS_Data_8_?=   
m>
References: <20091202152748.GA17686   <4ef5fec60912020808j590dacccq3b33d1091c8fe0ed
Here are so-called lawful spying guides, some with prices like Yahoo's,
provided in response to Soghoian's study:
More are coming, and even more are welcomed.

@_date: 2009-12-10 12:59:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: schneier on schmidt 
References: <20091210125221.GB17686   <20091210164854.BC4168140F

@_date: 2009-12-31 10:43:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Docs on Letter to IEEE Protesting Crypto Export 
NSA has provided FOIA documents about a 1977 letter to
IEEE by an NSA employee, Walter Meyer, warning that export
of crypto would violate munitions export law, and the subsequent
disputes between NSA and the public crypto community, including
actions within NSA and through Congress to hinder public crypto
 (2.4MB)
While a fair amount of the information provided is public
there is more, formerly classified, that is not. The principal
document was formerly classifed "Top Secret Umbra,
Handle Via Talent Keyhole Comint Control Systems Only."
This 15-page excerpt appears to be from an unnamed much
longer report and is stamped released 9-18-2008.
NSA wrote that it will continue to search for relevant
documents and that it did not have a copy of Meyer's letter.
A copy of Meyer's letter and comments on what is new would be
We are not on other crypto maillists and fora and it would be
helpful to forward this for responses.

@_date: 2009-12-31 19:56:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Martin Hellman Comments on NSA and the Meyer Letter 
Most interesting commentary of a contentious participant in
public cryptography's escape from NSA domination.
He has provided a copy of the Joseph Meyer letter to IEEE
along with related correspondence.

@_date: 2009-01-09 12:42:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Straight Dope: How would I go about laundering money? 
Sounds like Cecil has a honey-pot contract with the USG,
with USB paying his fee via E-Gold.
Could you write a bit, or forward from other smart-asses,
about how not entrap or not be trapped by the motherfuckers
around the planet whose nuts are being squeezed by Sam,
Sam's yellow-bellied bankers and the Russian wives whoring
for FATF.
Thanks kindly.
Mr. Clean, scared shitless, deeply in debt to the global revenuers coming up the booby-trapped trail as we jaw.
My commie bitch squealed, he/she hissed, capitalists are so naive, Madoff's an amateur compared to the

@_date: 2009-01-18 10:56:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The New Paranoia: Hedge-Funders Are Bullish on Gold, Guns,  
Har. This is another effort to boost buying and hoarding of gold
as if it will be worth more than evanescent financial data.
Gold won't be worth shit in a collapse. Those with guns won't
know how to defend their families when being hunted as food
by large gangs long-accustomed to getting by without financial
security fantasies.
Those in bunkers will be smelled at the vent outlets and dug out
like tasty bunnies shaking in a burrow. Offering the grubbers a
gold bar to go away, pretty please, will buy a prime spot on the
roasting spit.
Shooting a digger, or a dozen or two, will bring hundreds more
to the feast. Best bludgeon your loved ones to death with the
worthless gold.
Why idiot money-grubbers think precious metal protection is a safe harbor to be defended with popguns in the outback reminds
of what Libertarianism will be reduced to when the cops join
the brutes take all of it back where it belongs.
Any case, these fictional scare stories only appeal to those
who never learned physical labor, believed mind work was the
same, don't pity their willful ignorance. Call them bosses, or worse, investors, even worse, seers of what's needed for
Now let me show you a surefire way to eternal life, and don't
insult my fancy headdress.

@_date: 2009-01-19 14:09:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The New Paranoia: Hedge-Funders Are Bullish on Gold, Guns,  
m>
References: <20090118163953.GP11544   <4D3D5F86-C237-4F96-AB33-FFBA8D44243F   <20090118163953.GP11544
Develop an ability to eat and digest garbage, road kill, wild vegetation, insects, vermin, and in a pinch dead humans,
even those once your beloved, after learning how to extract moisture from plants, minerals and your own piss, if not
the blood of your darling kiddies.
Some survival courses teach that along with the military's
SERE program. Peruse the Boy Scout manual but don't
succumb to its noble interpretation, read the nasty stuff
below the helping innocents crapola.
Don't bother with jewelry and other simulacra of money,
those are as phony as a 3-dollar bill. As with altruism.
Burp your competitor's carcass.
Imagine living in a non-money world, which is what most
humans knew and now know, and the body and brain still have those capabilities, in fact, most hso-called civilized human capabilities are based on those residual instinctual skills of survival, al-be-them fancied up as smart-ass super-
bestial intelligence and superficial religious-legal-financial-
political prevarication.
Yeah, yeah, the lazy will forever try to seduce you into
supporting their value system which just happens to
place them at the apex, boss of all they surveil. Eat them not their shit. Don't forget to stomp their stomachs before
roasting to blow out their shit for dessert pudding
Yummy and nourishing, that second harvest.

@_date: 2009-01-26 10:30:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [gsc] US too delusional to fix 
References: <497D24AC.7010603
Dystopia is more fashionable, and profitable, than doing
what the naysayers say can't be done, used to done, could
be done if not for the blanks keeping it from happening.
The New Yorker touted the doomsayers last week, their
popular appeal, raking in the chink, amazed that the
yokels slurp their bile.
Pointing out what doesn't work any more when it used to,
indicates sclerotic minds declining to rockhardedness,
oh, if only things were like they used to be before brain
synapses converted from creativity to certainty about
the ways things have gone to hell.
Young brains thankfully are not imprisoned by experience,
by hard knocks, by failures, by loss of anyone giving a fuck
what you want to do that nobody else has ever done. Oh,
the futility of living too long, long enough to glimpse that
the world doesn't want your stale offerings anymore.
Get thee to the graveyard, old fuckers (like me), fertilize the soil, feed the worms, be useful again, one last time, your dark future shit doesn't even stink.
My prostate is choking gland.

@_date: 2009-07-11 17:41:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Liechtenstein Agrees to End Bank Secrecy on Tax Data 
References: With Swiss/UBS nearly ready to capitulate in the Florida suit by
the IRS of the USA, what are the current choices for hiding money
from the tax authorities? Are any of the digital parks still operating
outside of government stings? And how can one be sure now that
so many well-rewarded coders are in cahoots with the money-tracing
Now any fool knows that governments work their perfidies as much
by bluffs as by PR shock and awe, by hanging a few malefactors
in public for effect, by shoveling money to those who fuck their
customers, by swearing there are seamless agreements among
thieving authorities to aid each other harvest each other's low-hanging
fruits, by staying far away from those who pay top price for arranging
cooperative regulations and biased regulators, by lying about how
effective tax evading dragnets work, by firing up a war or two to
entertain taxpayers with stories of threatened national security
even as pigs root the public tills, and by what else, creating large
escape holes in tax laws and international agreements for driving
huge trainloads of booty into bunkers supposedly constructed for
continuity of government.
What other purpose do avenging revenuers have except to
invite first use of economic WMDs?
Answers are needed, by most secret communication if you please.

@_date: 2009-07-16 11:45:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Protection against TEMPEST? 
References: <201723.46689.qm
Looks as though it might protect against the font leakage
examined by Xcpyte Cvbnsw and the other distinguished
researcher at Tnuqwbb University, you know them well,
darn I can't get this ? monitor to show true names.
There may be an audial version to foghorn expletives
terrifically generated by comsec-insane sobs. This toot
is not directed at BT's Cryptogram, oops, XY VVxccttyy.

@_date: 2009-07-26 18:27:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Microwave weapon will rain pain from the sky 
References: <20090726192637.GW23524
"In a recent cost-benefit analysis, the US Government Accountability
Office rated the ADS worst out of eight non-lethal weapons currently
in development."
This assures maximum tax-rathole on the principle that no combo
has ever wasted more money than ineffectual military dorks and
armaments that are not designed to live up to their promise and
stay within first budgets, you death on industrial scale, why then
place no limits on cost. Hark, WMDs have brokeback the US and
USSR, and about to do the same to the little copyists.
Wait, that assertion excludes religion, education, capitalism
and our beloved hot-shit internet which is absolutely certain,
so it is said often in this esteemed forum, to free the oppressed
from the four thousand horseturds of .mil, .god, .edu. .com.
How many times, oh lord, must it be said, there is no security,
not a jottle. You got tranquillity and money, they will be taken
from you by force. That is a fairy tale, honey, to keep you scared
enough to buy protection from friendlies: dot-MGEC.

@_date: 2009-06-11 14:03:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Fwd: Bullion and Bandits: The Improbable Rise and Fall of   
References: <313a5b920906111007l1149baa9l7e5a9e7f45f8ee82
   <36737B2E-73E6-4192-A117-C0BAFB463D21
Jackson has wonderfully demonstrated how to be a rat, first
covertly, then openly, in order to make money, then save his
skin, even going so far as to act as though he's being punished.
Pity those he screwed, family, friends, associates, customers.
Smells like a banker, a lying sack of shit. So he'll likely recover
and prosper.
There are no trustworthy financial systems, as Bob would
yell to the kiddies except his, as he sucks coins out of their
piggy banks, skipping pedo-abuse taxes on his illegal gains.

@_date: 2009-06-17 14:14:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The begining of a new surveillance society in India 
m>
References: <941768.38778.qm   <7d752ae30906171019r3c1a8cady9f280aa2a4beeeaa
Well said.
Serving in the military, paying taxes, honoring agreements,
obeying authority, believing in a diety, turning the other cheek,
helping the unfortunate, kissing up and kicking down, these
will get you where you want to go and patted on the back for
excellent behavior.
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type image/jpeg which had a name of 17ec13a.jpg"; x-mac-type="4A504547"; x-mac-creator="4A565752]

@_date: 2009-03-24 17:50:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI posts fake hyperlinks to snare child porn suspects 
Wonder how many of the Danish 3863 censored URLs posted by Wikileaks are FBI stings:
And how many of those not originated by the Feds have been expropriated for entrapment. Know of anybody who clicked the URLs and got a visit? Or due for a raid as the IP harvest is processed.

@_date: 2009-05-07 16:11:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Demands Right to File Patents 
References: Jim has about two years to go, with whatever time off his
exemplary behavior warrants.
The good news is that he has had bountiful time to develop
an invention which he claims will make billions of dollars,
transform science as much as the discovery of the atom,
and, most happily, render governments into gibbering
gangs of synchophants rabid to serve him myrrh.
If the vermin don't steal his intellectual property, which he avers is near certain. Could be Jim is gestating a chem-bio virus for the
varmints to gobble.

@_date: 2009-05-15 16:07:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Countering Drones 
The principal cause of Israeli aircraft crashes are bird strikes which cause way more losses than enemy fire. Israel is located on the main north
south route for birds going and coming between Africa and Europe. Similar
bird routes are around the globe and pose similar hazards, not least from
a crafty attacked who would use them to hide conventional anti-air
swarms of mini-craft.
It has been suggested that a pretty good anti-air campaign against Israel would be swarms of birds blending in and supplementing natural ebbs and flows.
Swarms of mini-drones, the little ones which are unarmed, not much
bigger than a model plane, could be effective against UAVs as well
as full-sized aircraft. These cost a few hundred dollars, and are hard
for radar to distinguish from birds.
There is concern that such mechanical swarms might be used against commercial airliners, with or without camouflaging bird flocks. Some
are very quiet, running on batteries not the customary noisemakers.
Can a disposal drone home in on a soldier's radio signal? Sure, using
the same signal technology as model planes. Call them snipers for
assassination politics.
It is reported that the US military is working on similar systems. Some
are water-borne to go after surface ships with a radar profile no different
than a wave or a leaping fish. No doubt a submarine version is in the works or already exists. Put the armed dolphins out of work.
The point is well-made that these cheap attackers pose a threat to nations highly armed with heavy weaponry aimed at its own kind.

@_date: 2009-05-26 09:46:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Camera grid to log number plates 
References: <20090526121712.GS10925
Moonshiners, wetback smugglers, narco drivers, bank robbers,
adulterers, teen copulators and others not needing fingering
have long used nature's bounty to obscure plates, or simply
loosened screws. Ancient practices in the old cultures since
cuneiform branding was invented.
Pity the YouPorn of yo sweet momma's curlicue ass-tatoo "juicy.".

@_date: 2009-05-29 16:03:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Carl Johnson Targeted in AUSA Murder Case 
CJ's attorney has advised not to agree to the proffer.

@_date: 2009-11-06 06:49:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: managing and protecting nyms... 
References:    <20091106032931.DF46D814F4 Cypherpunks should be the last place to disclose a protection
methodology except, perhaps, only perhaps, as a ploy to deceive.
Recall repeated warnings here to never disclose in a public
forum an ultimate protection scheme. Spread copious FUD,
hope it sticks. Could be that is what this thread is about.
It might be impossible to have anonymity and reputation outside
your skull and even the brain has evolved its separate agenda to
survive the body's fuck-ups. That is why mind was invented,
to escape into corporeal nothingness.
Can mind win over matter, hard to prove, but proof is a mind's
ploy to assure victory, and triumphy serves as an intoxicating
Consider like those drunk on moneygrubbing that wealth is
what mind has invented to buy avoidance of pain and suffering
by overloading that on the unwealthy condemned to servitude.
The wealthy are condemned to try to hide their resources and
insist on more privacy for them and less for others.
Governments have learned that rewarding lesson: secrecy
above all for it but not for the taxpayers. Yes, there are
rewards for reporting to secretkeepers what is revealed here.

@_date: 2009-11-06 12:52:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: managing and protecting nyms... 
References:    <20091106032931.DF46D814F4 There have been several anonymous contributors here who
have developed pretty good reputations by the quality of their
contributions, technical, philosophical, literary, even occasionally,
fair-minded wisdom.
Some have been subsquently identified -- by self-revelation or
by leaks -- others remain unknown. Fortunately their contributions
endure (where are the archives these days, if any?).
As established here over numerous years, reputations might
well be more solid if contributors are not identified, instead
contributions have to stand on their own and not be colored
by personally-identified reputation -- the latter highly subject
to spin and fabrication, not to say plagiarism, vanity, pride and
Anonymous reputation comes close to the saw that there
is no limit to what you can accomplish if you don't fret getting
credit for it.
To be sure, it will be hard to avoid wanting credit, so deeply
embedded is that aspiration in societies based on prizes
and praise, egos and salaries.
Some say the greatest cause of neuroticism and pathological
behavior among spies is secrecy from the public about who
has accomplished what. And the agencies' piddling certificates
and stars on the wall are salt in the wounds of insufficient
No wonder the murders, rapes, burglaries and other high crimes
of secret operatives are TS, no, not those committed against
enemies, those done in-house.
FWIW, the spy agencies do not act on anonymous accusations
against themselves, way too dangerous, but eagerly spread
those against others.
So, following the lead of the best and brightest criminals in
the world, it is probably a good idea to have multiple personas,
some anonymous, some not. Insist that others identify themselves,
and rat on those who refuse. Thus, the increase in calls for
Internet IDs.

@_date: 2009-11-08 12:31:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: managing and protecting nyms... 
References:    <20091106032931.DF46D814F4   <4AF6F02E.50008
Peer review is necessary to assure blunders are not overlooked.
However, there has been no demonstration that peer review is all
that is needed for the superior protection. This is not an argument
for obscurity, only a caution that peer review is not necessary
sufficient. Peers miss stuff too, as amply demonstrated by holes
and bad implementation later discovered.
Betting you life on peer review, or open disclosure is probably
not very smart. Instead, expect some shrewd peer(s) to see
something that will serve a private purpose by keeping quiet.
Competiton, betrayal, disinfo, venality, play a role as well
as search for truth through open discourse.
Comsec is a swamp, quicksand, punji trap, and comsec
experts are never trustworthy about each other or about
The open source methodology, call it snakeoil, works well
for the inexpert to gain a limited education, but behind that stage
the usual shit goes on.
Keeping quiet about crypto cracks, holes, trojans, backdoors,
is extremely rewarding. Concealing deep faults with shallow
ones is SOP.
Note that wide crypto use has become a stimulus to intercept,
store forever (NSA policy), crack when possible and to continue
trying to crack indefinitely (NSA policy), with successful deep
cracks seldom revealed. "NSA policy" is that of deeply embedded
contractors and researchers as well.
Publicly-availalbe encryption and other currently usable comsec
protection are satisfactory for ordinary communications but not
for more than that if you are up to extraordinary renditions, say,
making a bundle peddling natsec-grade counter-threat
assurances. Yep, natsec-grade is what the telecoms and like
critical infrastructure dealers claim they are providing. Nothing
pays better.

@_date: 2009-11-08 18:41:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: managing and protecting nyms... 
References:    <60683.99015.qm
<Thanks, John, for a trip inside the mind of a maniac.
Secure crypto believers get riled by unlocking their protective
No question these issues have been examined here and
elsewhere in the past and present, but nothing better than
to see updates which don't get dismissed because "this
has all been covered before, so shut the fuck up."

@_date: 2009-11-10 08:06:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: managing and protecting nyms... 
References:    <20091106032931.DF46D814F4   <6.2.1.2.1.20091108214748.02e56ea8
We have pieces of the CP archives, but little before 1994.
The pre-1994 wad used to be available online. TCM used it to
write the bible. So it is in somebody's heap of disks which must
never be discarded.
We'll archive-offer the total collection if it can be assembled,
despite the few insurgents gone legit hoping their errors will
vanish forever.
The collection should be in a stable public institution to counter
the secret holdings.
1990s cpunk-who's shows hundreds of pseudonyms. Who who.

@_date: 2009-11-10 08:10:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: UK surveillance plan to go ahead 
References: <20091110103451.GD17686
Is this a stalking horse for a US initiative? Will the EU accept it?

@_date: 2009-11-10 11:55:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Archives Abuilding 
References:    <20091106032931.DF46D814F4   <6.2.1.2.1.20091108214748.02e56ea8   <194BF06C-50F7-4155-AC98-51C4CB507C47
Just like that, GH provided cypherpunks archives from
Sept 1992 to the end of 1998. Appear to be from Venona.
These are packaged by year, the messages chronological,
in txt-format. Raw messages, no index by date, subject
or author.
 (790KB)
 (7.4MB)
 (11.8MB)
 (10MB)
 (21.6MB)
 (20.7MB)
 (10.9MB)
 (83MB)
Some are large files, up to 60MB unzipped (1996).
A cypherpunks who from October 1996 (a peak year):
Archives of 1999-present most welcome.

@_date: 2009-10-04 08:01:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: key escrow: no news is bad news ? 
References:    <20091004110804.GB27331
It may be that the methods Eugene cites are diversions
to discourage looking too close at what is hidden in encryption
Public key escrow probably morphed into the usual secret
government arrangements with comsec suppliers.
Nothing encourages greater use of crypto than to believe
it is secure, says those who laugh at how easy it is to foster
faith in prayerful mathematics and cold dead hands.
Meanwhile the secret keepers remain at maximum paranoia
and make sure their bosses are too, to keep the endless
bounty of research and counterintelligence funds coming.
The hoohah the last few days about DoD ramping up even
more its aggression against "cyber-security" attacks indicates
that the spies cannot ever be too suspicious that somebody
is out hoodwinking their hoodwink. Best to spy at home
especially where the "best" inventors and implementors are
dreaming of a lottery win.
Enlisting crypto programmers and suppliers in the booty-fest
is as simple as offering irresistable contracts, lipsticked with
patriotism and rouged with being among the "smartest people
in the world," not overlook lifetime economic security --
just as outlined in contract soliticitations and recruiting ads
for NSA and CIA. The spies' retirement fund is as sweet as

@_date: 2009-10-05 17:06:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Time of Reckoning for Offshore Tax Cheats 
References:    <20091004110804.GB27331
Seattle Area UBS Client Pleads Guilty to Filing a False Tax Return
Retired Sales Manager for Boeing
WASHINGTON  Roberto Cittadini of Bellevue, Wash., pleaded
guilty today to filing a false tax return, the Justice Department and
Internal Revenue Service (IRS) announced. Cittadini appeared today
before Magistrate Judge Mary Alice Theiler in Seattle and accepted
responsibility for concealing nearly $2 million in Swiss bank
accounts. According to court documents and statements made
in court, Cittadini, a retired sales manager for Boeing, failed to
report income from bank accounts under his control at UBS AG
in Switzerland on his individual income tax returns from 2001
through 2003. Additionally, Cittadini failed to file a Report of
Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts (F-BAR) for each of these
"Todays guilty plea in Washington state follows guilty pleas in New
Jersey, California and Florida," said John A DiCicco, Acting Assistant
Attorney General of the Justice Departments Tax Division. "Individuals
all over the country who are hiding income and assets in offshore
accounts would be well-advised to promptly come in and come clean
before the government learns about their accounts through other
"This is a time of reckoning for those who thought they had found a
safe haven for cheating," said United States Attorney Jenny A. Durkan.
"People who avoid paying their fair share hurt all of us who follow the
law and conscientiously pay our taxes."

@_date: 2009-10-29 13:49:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: attack of the drones 
References: <20090920164559.GB27331   <20091029170609.GV17686
Eugen is right, the drones are targeted by coodinates
not by sight. Sight (or video) is used to spot the target,
then the target's coordinates are input to the data
collection, then the operator extracts the coordinates
to aim the missile, then the missile takes over.
The drone may have moved several miles away by then
but the missile will hammer to the coordinates. Time delay
makes no difference.
Sometimes the target;s coordinates are triangulated by
one or more drones, and maybe confirmation by a satellite,
to refine the coordinates for a smaller hit circle. But that is
done only if the target is stationary, one on the move may
be targeted very quickly, and tracked visually to confirm
the hit, to cheers in the USA.
These visual assassinations are what gives hard-ons at
CIA HQ (and wherever else they are piped to), sometimes
shown during lunch at the director's private dining room,
7th floor corner suite -- the kitchen's ventilation ducts and
burn-bag chimney adjacent make a nice target for payback.
Imagine the surprise if a counter or rogue drone did at Langley
what they do in AFPAK to people watching TV over dinner.
There do not appear to be anti-missile batteries at Langley
like those in DC and MD to protect POTUS aircraft. Could
be they are obscured in the public sat photos.
More likely security by obscurity is trumped by vanity that
nobody could do what the US does, well, excepting 9/11.

@_date: 2009-10-30 19:26:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Grand Jury Subpoena 
References:    <4AEB7027.2040101
Not directed at me, sent by somebody for publication.

@_date: 2009-10-31 08:33:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Grand Jury Subpoena 
References:    <4AEB7027.2040101 The subpoena could be related to this matter:
For those not familiar with the murder of US Attorney
Thomas Wales in October 2001, there's a long account in
The New Yorker, August 2007:
FBI standing offer of $1million reward for nabbing the killer:
Greg Broiles offers an informative archive of the trial and
conviction of CJ:
This is not to suggest that CJ had anything to do with the
Wales shooting. However, there may be a connection
to this forum's yelling about government officials "needing
killing." More documentation on this in Greg's CJ archive.
In contrast to this grim shit, read the uplifting spin of
Cypherpunks on Wikipedia:

@_date: 2009-09-08 17:00:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US, Monaco Sign Tax Agreement 
References: <95BE77B0-B113-4B56-BE4E-B1897954D327
September 8, 2009
United States, Monaco Sign Tax Information Exchange Agreement
WASHINGTON  The U.S. Department of the Treasury today announced
that the United States and Monaco have signed an agreement to allow for
the exchange of information on tax matters between the two countries.
The agreement was signed by Deputy Secretary Neal Wolin and Minister
Franck Biancheri in Washington.
"This Administration is wholeheartedly committed to combating offshore
tax evasion," said Deputy Secretary Wolin.  "We are working with countries
like Monaco to ensure that the IRS has access to the information that it
needs to enforce U.S. tax law.  Today's agreement serves as an example
for other financial centers around the world and reflects our continued
efforts to end the use of offshore accounts as a tool for tax evasion."
The Tax Information Exchange Agreement (TIEA) with Monaco will
provide the United States with access to information it needs to enforce
U.S. tax laws, including information related to bank accounts in Monaco.
The TIEA will permit the United States to seek information from Monaco,
beginning in 2010, on all types of taxes in both civil and criminal matters
regarding 2009 and later tax years.  As is customary with such agreements,
only specific tax authorities will be allowed to
receive and send information.
Information exchanged pursuant to the TIEA may be used only for tax
purposes, and the tax authorities must safeguard the confidentiality of
information exchanged pursuant to the TIEA.
In recent months, the Administration has demonstrated its commitment
to closing the tax gap.  At the G-20 Leaders' Summit in London, the U.S.
strongly supported efforts to ensure that all countries adhere to
international standards for exchange of tax information.  In the FY
2010 Budget, the Administration delivered a detailed reform agenda
to reduce the amount of taxes lost through unintended loopholes and
the illegal use of hidden accounts by well-off individuals.  The Treasury
Department has concluded Gibraltar's first-ever tax information
exchange agreement and has also concluded an agreement with
  Luxembourg to provide for greater exchange of tax information. In
June, the Treasury Department announced an agreement with
Switzerland to amend the U.S.-Switzerland income tax treaty to
provide for increased tax information exchange.
The agreement:

@_date: 2009-09-16 14:44:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: AWOL Reaper 
References: <20090916122625.GM9828
Any word on whether the drone was Air Force or CIA controlled?
Reports are that the Air Force provides local controllers while the
CIA controls from CIA headquarters. And that the Air Force launches
its own and may assist the CIA contractors which launch its killing
Yes, when a Customs and Border Patrol UAV gets out of control
will the US or Mexican air forces take it down? Or will a private
contractor send up one of its fighters?
Why is there no way of killing an out of control machine, or is that
possible but limited by lack of knowledge about where the debris
will fall?
There was report that the UAVs travel in pairs to watch one another
and presumbably kill the rogue, if it can be identified from the
A smart spy will surely see the out of control rogue as useful as
a rogue spy  or ex-spy contractor to do the dirtiest of deeds, apologia
ready to release.
Would Israel "lose control" of a rogue drone which just happened
to be crashed into the Iranian centrifuge bunker.
How safe are autopilots of commercial airlines and private
aircraft. Any chance of a depressed, bankrupt CEO plowing into
the Treasury Building? Or a CIA birther loosening a rogue
on the White House?
My scooter is acting uppity lately.

@_date: 2009-09-20 13:58:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: attack of the drones 
References: <20090920164559.GB27331
We would appreciate information the sites the Air Force is
using for remote controls of the drones in AFPAK.
As noted earlier, there are reports that CIA built
"quonset huts" at its HQ in Langley to remotely
control its killers. These huts, actually quick-built
rectangular structures, can be seen on Bing.com
adjacent to the vaulted dining rooms.
Drone pilots -- AF, Customs, CIA, whoever -- are
trained at Cheech Air Force Base, NV, a small base
north of Beale AFB, but it has not been reported that
long-range remote control is being done from Cheech,
by the AF or anyone else. But could be.
We understood the AF was contolling closer to the
For long-range, we saw AF photos today of:
"The U.S. Navy's first operational Global Hawk flying
from Naval Air Station Patuxent River, Md., to an airbase
in Southwest Asia."
Locations of remote control were not described.

@_date: 2010-08-21 18:18:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Is Bell back in? 
References: Last heard from Jim on May 27, 2010. Said he was going to
a hearing in Tacoma. Purpose of the hearing not explained.
Parole might have been revoked. Don't quote that.
He was engaged in a determined effort to overturn his
conviction with a string of filings.
Also distributing a slew of scientific claims to a slew of
corporations and scientists developed while in the pokey.
Claimed the inventions and chemical formulas would be
Copernican in impact.
Impeccably qualified, I studied them closedly, cooked the
ingredients, punched the results, hawked the output to
vultures at In-Tel-Q for 200K or so -- could of been NASA
or ONR or IDA or Lincoln Lab or Iran or North Korea or
the Chinese tor-blasting Wiki-fucking-Leaks, I'm still smoked
from the centrifuge blow-up.
Ding his cell. Jeff will record.

@_date: 2010-08-22 11:25:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Is Bell back in? 
References: The thoughtful update reminder of John Gilmore recently
forwarded by RH from Cryptography is apt: advanced
resistance is essential, do not succumb to the allure of
cooptation, or, as some might say, throw bigger rocks,
forgo bigger bucks. As a contrarian rich man might belabor.
Jim makes good use of his federally-financed scientific
investigation, researching, writing, seething with revenge,
beseeching the unbound to come awake from dogmatic
slumber. Another in the ancient tradition of outsider
preparing the burial ground for the numbnuts who believe
they will rule forever.
Would he have been smarter to take a job in a deadening
lab or corp to feed the maw of useless inventions or, worse,
war-killing chemicials, explosives, platforms for standoff
murder? MIT has excelled in producing such brilliant slaves
to the mighty and almighty dollar, and young Jim was
condemned by educational testing to being imprisoned
as an obedient brain.
Chomsky, yes, Chimsky to the numbnuts, is forever on
the verge of having his parole revoked for violating
norms of obedience, except MIT needs at least one
freedom fighter to offset the tens of thousands of
highly trained cretins who welcomed Fautian fellowships
of lifetime sentences, with plenty of time to wonder what
the fuck happened to the promises made and never fulfilled.
MIT is only one of the bait and switch centers of
knowledge who recruit the young then lobotomizes
them. Jim said he was not feeling well that day so
missed the mandatory brain elision.
Jeff Gordon and lawful simians might well see that the
valiant dissident is officially neutered by 2012. Cost:
a mere 50 bucks for an inmate snitch to chasm a noggin.
A few days ago an accused Russian spy said it best, "when
I was in prison only then did I feel free, those outside do not
know they are in prison."
A lot more could be said along these lines, channeling TCM,
PGP fucked, cpunks fucked, crypto fucked, anonymizers
fucked, Tor fucked, off-shore finance fucked, anonymous
payment fucked, privacy fucked, fucking had won by 2000,
the fake versions repackaged to commercially fuck citizens
by governments, corporations, NGOs and Wikileaks.
So Jim Bell is no different than the others except he knows
he's in prison on the dole at taxpayer expense rather than
at locked up at Lockheed Martin, Intel, MS, IRS and kind.
Thanks Jeff, now eat your IRS shit.

@_date: 2010-12-05 10:44:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: <nettime> Twitter fails to jump to Dept of State's defence. 
WL dark observers want what Twitter offers without signing up,
one follower, one cable.
A honeypot. SOP. WL knows that and pads the tweets, thumb on
the scale. The gaga Assange boytoy promotion is a marketing ploy, him witting or unwitting as his Mom ear-licked her little man, as did Obama's, pretending teenage-grade bedazzle for the horny-pud.
No need to recount how age-old this narcotic is. Civilizing begets
over-uncivilizing, to wit, obedience innerly driven concealed with
high-faluting faux resistance. Higher standards of ethics and morals
the advertisements. Could Assange be clearer about what he is
up to, an authoritative terrified of being not-god.
Same shit is used to hypnotize teenage soldiers and college-bred
pilots to RL kill-slaughter with relish -- ever in the national interest
or sumpin glorious. Same shit is used to hypnotize suicide bombers and IED mechanics and State Department and CIA pussyfooting vainglory wankers. Panetta a feeble emulator of Hillary as an auto-speed-twatler victim and prick-teasing victimizer, channeling age-old god-fucked Eves and Marys the guys bellow, the girls yelling
god's a dickless motherfucker honey.
The hoary debate between parental liberty and tweenie freedom is two-backed. The first demands order within constraints of authority, the second, if not a subterfuge or suck-up of authority, bites the hand offered in threatening peace and beneficence, then kisses the hand's mangy ass with mouthngs of ways to kill former friends and supporters
who told all to BFF. Insurance pre-positioned is the rat's surefire
The WL vile practice of redaction is a sign the fix is in, bribes have
been paid to act "responsibly," future celebrity assured. Old timers call that turncoat, themselves having done just that and then paid and pensioned and best-sellered, if not tenured and lecture-
circuited, to condemn it. Ellsburg. Chomsky. Sy Hersh. Ex-spies,
aka unicorns. None suffer after coming in from the cold. Fake
moans of the beastliness known but dare not reveal. To protect
the unknowing. To foster unknowiness. To keep the secrets of
how sweet it is to be a keeper.
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2010-12-06 07:37:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: <nettime> FW: [IP] WikiLeaks sold classified intel, 
This should not be news to those who have followed the world of
hackers -- religion and NGOs. They have been selling restricted information from the beginning of their enterprises. Some do it as employees and off-the-books agents of governments and business and individuals, some do it as rogue entrepreneurs
like Wikileaks, or more commonly, investigative reporters, private eyes and holy workers -- and, ahem, high-minded It is an ancient industry, as old as human intercourse where
cheating and hoodwinking and treachery are obligatory to survive
against those who do the same. Nearly all who do it claim it
to be necessary "because others do it," to protect our tribe,
to protect our hordes of food, wealth, faith and means and
methods of counterspying. And as ever, because we are
superior and thus have the right to be worse than our imputed
enemies -- mostly imaginary, often our own villainous agents plotting with others of their kind pretending to be enemies to keep their racket lucrative. Religious warfare had to be invented
to excuse the slaughter of infidels. Messianism of Wikileaks is
comical but it has worked multitudes for millennia with imaginary
danger and protection. Do tithe.
Kissinger and Giuliani and Chertoff and thousands of insiders --
call them ph d candidates -- go on to greater wealth outside, switching back and forth to keep the flim-flam flowing.
All intelligence operations -- "knowledge industry" -- are illicit by design to exaggerate significance and risk, that way law (the most devious of all), mundane and heavenly, blesses them with powerful advertizing. They are all in cahoots. Wikileaks emulates an eternal business model, that is to lie and exaggerate about what it is doing. Every academic is familiar with these means and method,
avid promoters of it, get some of that old time higher
education, a certificate for excellence, a license to
recruit and train newcomers, a pretense of opposition
ie, high-level critique, ever plotting and dealing for perqs and advantages of salary, space, reputation, rank, and
showtime. Selling classified information is what the
knowledge industry was invented for.
Now Wikileaks is a challenge to the highly organized
operations of state, church, university, military, corporation,
NGO (spit), media and unaffiliated (watch out for these
cutthroat mercenaries alway betraying those stupid
enough to outsource to the temps stealing the jewels).
Assange stated at the beginning of Wikileaks it expected
to make big bucks, $5M the first year he wrote on a private mail list -- among other pimping messages later published on Cryptome.  The free stuff is meant lure volunteers and promote high-profile public service, lipsticked with risk, with the enterprise funded
by selling costly material sold on the black market of worldwide spying in the tradition of public benefit ops, id, spies and ever more spies. No better customers for illicit information that
those with depthless pockets. Soros and the Kochs have their
lesser-known Internet promoters backing Wikileaks generously.
And they expect good return on their investment, not just the
freebies used to attact attention.
Watch out for the public interest data miners of the Internet,
and leakers and whistleblowers, bandits stealing data, marking it up with glamorous titles, ie deeply researched, classified, actionable, nation threatening, liberating, etc, reselling publicly thourgh gadzillion press operations and secretly through those who pretend to avoid limelight. Think Archive.org, think Wikipedia, think Google, think this list
and your crafty mangy boil-ridden carcass. Mea culpa.
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2010-12-06 10:07:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Wikileaks Saga Reveals Governments' Hypocrisy, Deep Fear   
References:    <20101205084823.GN9434 Tim is cackles from his hilltop fortress that he expects Assange to be found fatally injected with drugs in a gutter. Just being disappeared or Gitmo'd comfortably or Hollywoodized does not send the right warning to the world's tax authorities to boost budgets.
A show trial would be perfect. Assange is willing and eager.
Ellsberg pissing his britches, Wales kicking Ellsberg's shoe hoping a bust for publicity. The Internet would go over the top with delirium at being finally top featured as godawfully threatening as promised early on by its pimps and whores. Kelly, Gilmore, The Well, The
Archive, EFF, the globe's privacy hustlers -- what, you snoozed through week's of cryptoanarchy. Julian was wide awake taking notes. No credit to the mastermind of superiority, narcissitic Nietzsche (and those he stole his best gat from).
Tim wrote a provocative long essay a couple of months ago but barred publication, well, never answered a permission request.
He may be now violently executed -- that was foretold in the essay to happen immanently along with a gaggle of executioners.
Assange promises to do the same. Lessons learned.
Most likely a faked execution is in the offing, see Cryptoanarchy
under multiple personas used by Nazis in Brazil where Julian
has arranged a bunker (fuck Mike for banning Nazi too).

@_date: 2010-12-07 05:26:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: <nettime> FW: [IP] WikiLeaks sold classified intel, 
The early private Wikileaks email messages, leaked:
The goal to raise $5M in a half-year is in the first URL,
near the bottom, 7 Jan 2007.
Lately, that goal appears realistic -- Julian claims over
$1m donated in the few months after the gun ship video
and war logs release -- and thanks to inducing the MSM to launder WL's rising profits through its approved channels
for selling leaked classified information after checking
with officials about what will keep the mutually beneficial
leaks flowing. Nobody comes close to profiting as much by selling leaks like governments and other authoritatives. Leaks
were invented for that purpose, insider spin, press
offices obligatory, research grants, conferences,
tete a tetes, hot sheets, lost laptops, Lady Gaga CD
There will be stings to entrap extortionists. Bank of America hard disks. Swedish honeys. Rats inside
and outside WL.
On Ted's point about Cryptome: it is a library of sorts
not a hot sheet. 90 per cent of its traffic is for archived
material. Totally untrustworthy. Damaging to seekers
of authoritativeness. Not worth a centavo. Don't go
there. Fuck off. Fuck yourself. Fuck me. Fuck WL.
Fuck this.
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2010-12-08 07:33:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Over a decade of DDOS--any progress yet? 
Indeed, the use of rogue and banal programs and technology
to conceal novel penetrations and takeovers or covertly aid their success is venerable subterfuge.
Most of them taught at Ft Huachuca to the Bradley Mannings
and deployled by hotshit newbies at Cyberwarcom. Beta tested in the
wild, say like the Lady Gaga download stratgem. Some go
haywire and escape control or have unintended consequences
like Morris's worm. Shh, national security at stake.
Bizarre and comical behavior to hide the diabolical and malign.
Jesters and courtesans and priests and housekeepers and grunts
were always the best insider spies and spreaders of undermining disinfo, and SDT mental and corporeal.
Disengineering strong crypto, a variation on stuxnetting. A bit of
code inserted on PGP servers or PGP users via key verification.
Weak attacks to assay powerful defenses. SOP in the military
to boost budgets way beyond need.
Covertly clouding illicit archives and snoops on systems of clueless users of Skype, IM, social media, any commercial or Internet operational
software. Backflowing program updates used to plant snoopers on the updater Prepositioned tick-tickers at IANA, CERT, Cyberwarcom, IRS, eop.gov and vatican.org.
Thanks to Tesla, no thanks to Edison who kept it quiet, anything electromagnetic can be taken over, especially those which foolishly aim for asymmetrical control. Following Tesla's roguosity, the Internet is a vast reverse spying machine, with bountiful EM inititative hiding places beneath those listed handily by those who warn only of threats they want to sell
protection for and try like hell to dismiss the others as amateurish.
You try to patent any of these, it will be classified upon receipt.
Look, it would be appreciated if you didn't put this on the Internet.

@_date: 2010-12-13 07:25:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: <nettime> Wikileaks and spam 
Robtex.com shows a wondrous slew of brazen Net predators
for 92.241.190.202. Some might even be real criminals rather
than cops and their hired hackers on the prowl to steal data
and call it freedom of information. Recall that Wikileaks in its
earlier promotional material bragged of predating, sorry, liberating,
over 1 million files through Tor siphoning, aided and abetted by the noble-branded bandits "Chinese dissidents." After an outcry of betrayal of the trust of Tor, and Tor's own tut-tut
to keep its gaping security quiet, WL dropped that ad of the daring hacker outlaw campaign but several recent news reports continue to recycle it. Wikileaks like cops and hackers cannot overstate numbers, to wit,
WL's recent promotion of the number of words in upcoming
releases. Next, the count of alphanumerics, punctuation and
spaces to match the sock-puppeted WL followers on Twitter
and Facebook and holiest of all, Google hits.
Circling back to the start:
Mirror.wikileaks.info has an about page which tells, or pretends
to tell, how the site got started and how it distances itself with
a Russian-Chinese dissident bear hug from "The Original Wikileaks."
Malware in the Wikileaks releases is a provocative suggestion.
Certainly the technology for that is readily available and the practice
obligatory, usually as a "security feature," sometimes called
a hash or cookie or watermark or copyright-tracker or privacy
protection. Wait a minute, did you say privacy protection. Get out
of here, Demosthenes, there exists nonesuch except self-throttling.
Phoenix University Professor Cynic proclaims the insurance.aes256 file is nothing but malware ready to explode red-dye onto decrypters.
Kaplan Most Venerable Counterprofessor Agnostic retorts: fie on your mendacious contra-idealism, knuckle rapping the Auth lockbox.
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2010-12-13 10:34:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: <nettime> A thesis on WL theses and a suggestion 
Locations of nukes worldwide, their count, their megadeath capacity,
their factories and bases, have been available for decades, thanks
to the Federation of American Scientists (fas.org), the National
Resources Defense Council (nrdc.org), National Security Archive
(Google its vast collection), Cuill.org, and others of these large
repositiories of leaked and hard-dugged information which Wikileaks
deliberately, vaingloriously, ignores as if ex nihilo. Petty
bullshitters driven by PR. Perfect for new media and old media wanting
an injection.
Otherwise, what else is new medical in the daily dose of cables.
Catch a breath, derush adrenline, peruse a few of those hundreds
which preceded the virgin birth of Wikileaks in Sensitive Information
Security Sources and Breaches:
Har, the MSM being stooged by WL are also parading the wee
he-devils as if the first to defy Olympus, well, merely re-invent fire
aka freedom of information. Forbes today milking its "inside sources" avidly as Time aiming for yearly virginal sacrifice.
Silly vainglorious names of media: The Guardian, Le Monde,
Der Spiegel, The Times iterations galore, News beyond count,
El Pais, The Nation, Gawker, Raw Story, Inside Sources, Pro-Publica,
The People's Daily, Granma, Pravda, bleh. Mea culpa, a brand
always outsells the honest truth told by individuals, oops, that's the brand of thousands of mail lists and their bastard ego-blogs.
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2010-12-15 11:23:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The inhumane conditions of Bradley Manning's detention 
Greenwald is a humorist at best, and a publicist at worst, a trained
shark advocating his client's interest by the media. Same as those
shilling for Assange to promote their services -- which never involve
going to jail and discomfort except when attention wane. A full-blown, no pun, Media Ho.
Military brigs are that, not civilian prisons, not movies and pederastic
fantasies. Their regulations are online, including that for Quantico Marine Brig, nothing secret about them. Glenn seems not to have read the regs, or found them too inmate-considerate and is lying as trained to do.
Manning is not in the kind of comical isolation Greenwald hoots. He
receives regular visits from his family and his legal team. He sees medical staff, janitorial staff, guards and their overseers, the military legal team and its Inspector General. Visits from gawking officers and civilians eyeing the celebrity inmate to be sure there will be no
grounds for neglect or abuse, which is media-driven defense SOP.
What Manning luckily avoids is guard duty, kitchen police, vile MREs and miscooked slop,  foot and crotch rot, lice, bedbugs and scabies,
STDs if fatihful to his hands and does not pig-kiss the guards for
favors, parades and field marches and bivouacs, getting coffee for his hung-over officers, enduring homophobes, unit inspections, armaments practice, stenching squad rooms, sadistic harassment by non-com and officer lifers, sand storms and leaking and muddy tent cities, burning fecal waste and scrubbing latrines, dropping the soap taunts, incoming fire and IEDs, trooper drunks, thieves, rapists, murderers, smokers and weightlifters. Visiting generals and politicians, inane work and toxic working conditions, on and on, kind of like what Glenn experienced in torturous law school, slave-driving law firm and neurotic love shack in Brazil.
This is not to suggest that Manning should not be out of jail,
but is threatened by those who want him there for their own
purposes, his supporters and opponents. To them he is more valuable outside than in to these predators as Assange now Manning and Assange share the ambition for jail time as
premium PR, both have bragged about that, claim to have studied the success of a long-line of role models. Manning
confessed to Lamo with that in mind. Did Assange use the
women for that, nah, too obvious. The trials will be shows of prolonged ecstacy among the
hordes, uh, Hos.

@_date: 2010-12-18 09:53:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: <nettime> [Fwd: [Goanet-News] Offtopic: Wikileaks and India] 
Quite funny listing, if dinky. Consider blovia:
Google shows this morning 452 million hits for "Wikileaks."
One year ago the hits were about 300,000.
Two years ago the hits were about 100,000.
Three years the hits were about 5,000.
Four years ago, the hits were less than zero, the hit hurrah machine
overloaded with richochets, spam, precursors of sock-puppetry and
Five years ago Julian Assange was being stalked by Asian teens, he
says. Looking for squinty gash, he moans. Not appealing, the chicks
giggled, he stink.
Six years ago Julian Assange had an idea for a leak site, registered
the name leak.org. Pounding his IQ.org with thoughts and plans for
Ghandian, Gramsian prison redux.
Seven years ago Julian Assange was at a loss about what to do with
his less than zero life. Not for long. Angry bile was seeping to the
noggin top. His hair turning white with skull concussive Eurekas!
Hurrahs aborning.
Eight years ago Julian Assange was completing a world travel trip
during which he wrote essays about what the world needed, a soothseer.
Fore and aft SDTs were itching. Home remedies applied, Dr, Gurus
galore. Far eastern poultices and hickory stick whacking. Hurt
lockering, go down dick.
Nine years ago Julian assange was in the midst of a world travel trip.
Money almost gone. Pan-sexual services bartered for house and food.
Condoms aweigh, youth conquers all.
Ten years ago Julian Assange was fed up with online meandering and
planned a world trap to clear his mind. Lovelorn, aching with shame,
diseased mind and body. Penile weariness, so many hackers, so many
Eleven years ago Julian Assange ... and so on with
Now ensconced and ankled bejeweled in a country estate, the media
begging for his blovia, Julian is defiant, a century of anger ready
for tapping, he keens, he says it again, his media sock-puppets
repeats ad nauseum, his precious hornyisms sock-rocketed by Google 500
million times and soon, he warns, thermonuclear armageddon.
The aged little girls and guys swoon and scream as if it was the 60s
again when Youth reigned futurelessly.
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2010-12-22 16:26:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] OpenBSD (fwd) 
There's more to this story by Gregory Perry and several others,
one of which asserts Theo de Raadt is hiding donations from
the tax authorities and provides bank account numbers. Another
explains in detail how the backdoors were inserted. There is a good bit of obfuscation going on to exculpate those who cooperated
with the FBI then and now. Not news to these group.
A crypto skeptic would have predicted this outcome of the
"crypto wars." Crypto deception is now commonplace.
Strong crypto, unbreakable crypto, open source crypto,
are now marketing brands not to be trusted. If this is
said in public the guilty starting screaming about "spreading
FUD," as if crypto-FUD is not a premiere product.
User-implementation is the problem, weak passwords, lack
of protection of the boxes, poor sec of the networks, it is said
by the snake oilers, not the algorithm, not the program. Hire
more sec experts, pay them well, hire more watchers of the
sec experts, swear them to secrecy, hire more counterspys
to watch the watchers, foster paranoia by orchestrated
breaches. Plot with G8 to induce G20 to do the same. Name the rogues behind the threats, repeat the names often.
Run cracks to blame the rogues. Attack the rogues to induce
counterattacks with hired security experts ready to peddle sec
FUD worldwide. Bribe insiders, expose insiders, jail a few.
Even NSA us spouting that there can be no security on networks,
the answer if more 24x7 staff, bigger budgets, more informants,
more undercover insiders, more A and B teams, more vigilance,
more by god of everything NSA can conceive of. Hurrah, yell
their security contractors and scholarly researchers and
investors and garage-innovators.
Backdoors are obligatory to keep this churning. Imaginary
as good if not better than the real thing. Generate suspicion
among cryptoids. Leak names and foul deeds. Earn a buck.
Not news here. Ho hum, pretend to be bored with it all. Go
find another way to get in on it the sec racket, pray for another
9/11, a thermonuclear Wikileaks insurance release.
There was a time when the answer was read the fucking
archives. Then the archives got contaminated, cherry-picked,
lost, rejiggered, forged, garbled by Google and Archive.org
iterated in multiple unmatching forms, redacted, compiled
as original research and sent to press, exposed as if hidden, refuted, disowned. Listen, this is the truth.
Did anybody see Jaron's attack on Cypherpunks crypto-rebels
and EFF in The Atlantic as the fountainhead of anti-government irresponsibility like Wikileaks? Jaron said he was at the dinner
where cpunks was conceived and he is so happy he did not
take part.

@_date: 2010-12-22 17:57:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] Whistle-blower site platform design 
Cryptome was given a preview of OpenLeaks.org yesterday.
It appears to have learned from Wikileaks and many others.
An impressive preparation which advances development of
superior methods of combating secrecy openly, not just rushing
to copy Wikileaks.
It addresses many of the issues raised in this thread. Among others,
it promises to invite and respond to critiques openly and will share what it learns with other intiatives. Funding will be disclosed.
It is in testing now with access by invitation. It will be gradually rolled out with further testing, revision and fully opened in early 2011. The site has a link to an article in which Daniel D-B explains the initiative.
Daniel generated a PK on December 13, 2010 with the address
ddb at openleaks.org. He welcomes inquiries and advice, as he says, from those with more capabilities than the current "gang" which are working their asses off to get it right before rushing a faulty product to meet a PR-driven deadline, oh my, that goes against industry practice in an admirable way.
Except for OpenLeaks, in prep since September, the rush of new copycat Leaks sites and thousands of Wikileaks mirrors is Buster Keaton Charlie Chaplin comical.

@_date: 2010-12-22 18:40:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] Whistle-blower site platform design 
References:    <20101222215724.GC16518 The expectation was that I'd leak the whole shebang without permission. Never. That shit is over.
However ... a request by PGP to me can get a PDF of the whole thing.
This should not be made public.
JY PK:
ID: 0x58A4971E
The PK:

@_date: 2010-12-23 05:57:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] Whistle-blower site platform design 
The expectation was that I'd leak the whole shebang without permission. Never. That shit is over.
However ... a request by PGP to me can get a PDF of the whole thing.
This should not be made public.
JY PK:
ID: 0x58A4971E
The PK:

@_date: 2010-12-23 09:18:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Targeted 
Perhaps indicating a revival of a Red Scare initiative against
Cyperhpunks in connection with promoting Wikileaks panic,
three attacks have been published in recent days:
1. Bruce Sterling, 22 December 2010, opens with naming Tim
May's writing on BlackNet and more:
2. Philip Pilkington, 21 December 2010, attacks Cryptome
by recylcing a Readers Digest smear from 2005:
3. Jaron Lanier, 20 December 2010, attacks Tim May, John
Gilmore and others:
If the Red Scare is duplicated more of this will likely come as the
conspiracy net is spread to round up co-conspirators, fellow travellers, fronts like
EFF, EPIC,
ACLU, ProPublica and many more.
A long list of suspects here: A shorter Wikileaks-related suspects and documentation here:
As the campaign heats up it will include deep-pocketed funders, traitors
planted inside security agencies, universities and corporations, squeezed informants against the ringleaders, congressional hearings, subpoenas, frightened naming of names, scouring of files for connecting dots at Archive.org, search
engines, social media, mail lists, news lists, chat rooms, IMs, email, and the
bountiful data collected by corporations, researchers, governments and their
contractors who claimed they were merely studying the fantastic growth of empowering digital culture or more sinisterly, preparing to protect the people from
enemies of centralized authoritatives.
Now this list predicted this reaction and described how to preposition
defenses. Or was that just pretending overthrow of authoritatives?
Read the EFF and others' letter to Congress yesterday defending Wikileaks
and compare it to similar actions in the 1930s-1950s protesting clamp down on the worldwide Red Menace. Then read Sterling, Pilkington and Lanier
more closely. These smart guys know which way the wind is blowing and, as they write, they want no part in the insanity of taking freedom of
information too literally. In short, punish Assange, Wikileaks and co-conspirators as a lesson to others that dissidence is "taken very seriously."

@_date: 2010-12-24 11:03:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: <nettime> Interview with Tommaso Debenedetti and Matze 
Yes, quite true. Bear with this:
Yesterday RT TV conducted an interview at its fourth or fifth New York
bureau location. A person was videoed by an unstaffed camera being coached by an earpod from voices at the DC or Moscow control room,
ye gads, Moscow Central is alive at the Counterrrorism Center, Mclean,
VA. The stooge watched his image tilting forward a la Charlies Rose stupor
with an inserted background of teeming 3rd Avenue outside not the actual background drooping black fabric, surgical clogs and getaway bags.
An engineer had arranged the mic and earbud and checked the camera
then left for lunch or a secret mission to climb into the ceiling above to capture brainwaves, or plant a tiny seed in the noggin of the dupe, or
wank a wad of infinite jest. Nobody below in the "news bureau" except the dolt yarping artless drivel
to monodical questions of an android unseen being patched into the show, live, it was lied, but probably a staff lunchroom comedy lampooning eager beggars of attention at the bottom of the TV cess spew.
RT TV in NYC is located amidst the UN missionary-rich SIGINT-capacious
nabe of copious diplomatic cablings of neant cum dasein cum dang an
sich. Viewable panning in neighbhood windows are pan-national cameras capturing the UN Central urgency of how little is happening outside the overtaxed homelands.
Shortly a live butt-heaving beauty enters the suite, declaiming, that was
fantastic, the best we've ever had. We want you back, what's your availability frame? Hypnotic smile, a squeeze of your bicep, leg akimbo.
Well, you blurt, pumped with range-free lust , I'm free all week.
That's fantastic, she says, fantastic, let me check with headquarters,
I'll email you in an hour. You were great, just great. Thank you for coming. Cheek kiss, not air, real gloss to mark you pwned.
You wait in the hall for the elevator. The bureau emits telltale SIGINT No email, nothing, that's it, fake-humped and forgotten.
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2010-02-08 07:01:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Multiple Internets 
m>
References: <1265584656.23079.9.camel   <4ef5fec61002072117s337b0e70w9783401884ca757c
 > i say again:
 > twitter is ruining the internets...
I agree, but I think it's highlighting an underlying issue that we've
been letting the wrong sort of people on the internet for a long time.
I tend to think that if this type of people ends up sticking to the
world of twitter and facebook and co, then we can safely caution them
off and just ignore them at large, so for that purpose it works well
Multiple, discrete internets are coming into play, perhaps have always
First, the known internets, utilizing ubiquitious access logging which
under guise of administration allows universal spying:
1. The internet run by operators of the overall background system
which most users know little about or care.
2 The open policing apparatus of the overall system run by governments
and their contractors and cooperating non-profits.
3. The commercial internet providing services or products for pay.
4. The non-profit, open-source, volunteer internet providing services
or products at no cost or for donations.
5. The closed sub-internets, mil-gov classified, SCADA, restricted
and special purpose networks used by operators and administrators of
backbones, nodes, satellite, cable, wired and wireless systems,
Second, the unknown internets, with or without evident access logging:
6. The covert policing and spying internet which watches, logs,
mucks around, runs stings, causes accidents and shut-downs, cuts
cables, runs surprise tests and attacks, and keeps alive the demand
for covert oversight of all the known others.
7. The covert internets which hide among all the others, or try to
subject to discovery by 6.
8. The evanescent internets which are set up, used and disappear
quickly, openly or covertly, subject to 6.
9. The wayward and waylaid internets which cannot be identified:
rogues, experiments, mistakes, erratic systems, unexpected
glitches and consequences, acts of nature, forgotten protocols,
inept code, destructive code, lost access techniques, death
of the perpetrators.
10. Internets of combinations, hybrids, deceptions, ploys and
warfare among 1-9.

@_date: 2010-02-19 14:57:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Joe Stack Crypto Designer 
References: <20100219091806.GP17686
Joe Stack leads his customer list with crypto design:
Cylink Corporation
Project:  The Cylink CY8300 IPSec high-performance security processor
Design the instruction set for the CY8300 internal CPUs (dual RISK processors)
Write and document the CY8000 Cross Assembler (Hosted on Windows NT,
Sun Solaris, and Linux)
Develop the CPU functional validation test suite using the CY8300 assembly language
Develop the CPU simulation environment using Verilog HDL & PLI
Perform validation simulation using both the Verilog "NCSim" environment and
on prototype hardware
Write an IPSec Datagram generation/encryption utility for packet generation,
encryption/decryption (using DES, TDES, & SHA-1) and authentication (using
SHA-1, MD5, HMAC-SHA1, HMAC-MD5, & DES-MAC)

@_date: 2010-01-02 10:48:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Out of Prison with a Request 
References: <20091202162726.GD17686   <4B3F67A7.9090902
Jim has written voluminously on his inventions, and reportedly
sent copies to a slew of parties at gov, com, edu and others.
The feds severely limited Jim's contact with outsiders so who
knows what got past the censors, in its original form, as
entrapment, or at all.
The stuff on greenhouse vaporware is one of a bunch of other
It would seem Jim is building a foundation for being a constructive
member of society, not Associated Press.
No benefit to speaking about cutting edge jailhouse encoding and
obfuscation, nor subdermal RFID.

@_date: 2010-07-08 14:03:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [silk] Virtual prisons: how e-maps are curtailing our   
References: <20100706172211.GF31956   <798193.59421.qm
All technologies have pros and cons which are exaggerated and lied about.
That is what "ologies" means, the artful science of, the artifice, the hyperbole,
the debunk, the abuse, the braggardy, the pissing contests, the assassination
politics, the racking up of profits by baiting and switching, the social engineering,
the social mediation, the inflation of subscribers, followers, adherents and
believers, the Googling of, the Facebooking of, the fantastic successes of,
the obvious failures everyone overlooked except yours truly gone bonkers
with jealous rage then crumpled into a whimpering pile begging for coins,
for online donations, for socialist handouts, for god's sake people listen up,
armageddon is nigh, nobody listened to the real Year 2000 disaster and
looked what happened, the earth got hotter, flatter and Rubics cubical,
woe, woe, motherfucking Luddites, high-tech mass killing machines are
the answer.
What the fuck you talking about. Let's go pig.

@_date: 2010-05-02 07:21:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Facebook is spooking me - privacy concerns 
References: <20100501174012.GB1964   <489309.59980.qm   <20100502103037.GD1964
Yes, and this list also since 1992. Come on, this list is
among the earliest to be federally databased and loose fingers
tapping greasy keyboards surely led to capturing other lists, and
emails, and privacy protection methods, names, addresses,
behavioral profiles, nyms, pseudonyms, anonymns, hide-outs,
onions, tors, crypto "unbreakable" and implementations easily
hackable, TA evasions, accusations, put-downs, name-callings,
rattings to the spying customers that paid subscribers to join
up and report malefactors, who was susceptible because
ridiculed here, who pretended to the least susceptible but
bragged about it so much it led to exactly the kind of attention
braggarts desire to turncoat with a smirk, and as ever, the
ones who came here to learn how to make a buck by
exploiting openness and gullibility and blind faith in surefire
comsec ways to elude "jack-booted authorities."
Face it, Facebook and ilk came from this nascent social media
promulgating the wonderful world of "if you are really stupid
the Internet is the place to empower you, here's how to hide
your plans in the open."
Take a look at social media Lady Ga Ga super-confidential Wikileaks'
unctuous comsec promises which have zero chance of being any
more trustworthy than the plethora of com, org, gov privacy policies
deluding users.
The more promises of privacy the greater the deception, affirmed
here as biblical.
Post tips for perfect privacy here, Schneier's blog, Cryptography,
alt-this-or-that, Tor -- cellars that never leak like those screaming
beggars for being screwed.

@_date: 2010-05-02 10:54:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Facebook is spooking me - privacy concerns 
References: <20100501174012.GB1964   <489309.59980.qm   <20100502103037.GD1964   <20100502141907.GF1964
Yes, ten subscribers left and none not a rat.
New York Times today has at least three articles about online
spying, two in the back of the business section, one as the
principal piece in the Sunday Magazine, unusually long.
The magazine piece describes encouragement of people
to put everything out there as if a marvelous way to socialize.
Some coverage of the delirium of advertisers, such as the
Times, at this oil spill of free data.
One of the business articles focuses on Twitter giving all its
messages to the Library of Congress, and the delirium of
scholars at getting this oil spill of data unmediated by
authoritatives like the Times and greeders themselves.
Twitter claims it strongly emphasizes to its users about the
public nature of their data. Says it thinks its privacy policy
should be called a public policy, but that California requires
a privacy policy so it keeps the deception going to comply
with law.
All is online spying is lawful, and the data snatchers are
delirious with pleasure about it. Marc Rotenberg at EPIC
is the sole source quoted as saying US privacy policy is
totally fucked up. The article implies the EU approach is
better, despite there being no other governments on earth
that spy on its people more than the EU, and which blames
the US and China and Russia and anybody else handy for
being the threat.
Finally, a Times editorial today praises Google for its recent
disclosure of government requests for data. Says Google
intends to turn over the actual requests to an unnamed
non-profit for publication. Still no answer to what Google
does with the planetary-grade stuff it gathers, that's deeply
And nothing about the general online and offline spying
practices now endemic under guise of beneficial data
gathering and lawful compliance for what else the security
of users and nations and economies.
On to the hot shit handhelds, climate friendly vehicular
black boxes, monitors of kitchen appliances and crib-killer
and homicidal students and maturbating parents, and
automatic upgrades and renewals sucking your privates.
The Times chief editor says also today that the use of
anonymous sources is essential to check government
abuse, and while there are occasional abuses of the
practice that is why ombudspersons are there to keep
the Times authoritatively trustworthy. Nothing about
Times ads being composed of cancerous waste.

@_date: 2010-05-03 10:40:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Facebook redux 
References: This reminds of the dangers of active links in email and articles.
They make it far too easy to automatically archive the whole shebang
by data hegemonists, sifters, compilers, profilers, miners, log file
addicts, and kiss-your-sweet-hole-goodbye data rapists.
Instead, avoid using active links or programs which generate active
links. Point to the sources, if you must rat, with dead alphanumerics.
Don't trust those who use active links for they do not give a shit for
the damage they are causing to readers with helpful aids that are
diabolically misleading about the tertiary uses of links.
Do not forward materials of any kind with a link to the source.
Name yourself if you can't control your phlapping idiocy, but don't
fuck others or get the ostracism you deserve for abetting those
encouraging you to be a fount of tainted, bugged, authed and
recommended info.
Say it yourself, quote the piece, or STFU. Links assassinate.
Block search engines, bots, siphons, and most especially those
who link to your material. They are purposely or ignorantly helping
bunghole wizards. Put a cork in it as well as your piehole.
Everybody here knows this due to Al Qaeda training out in California

@_date: 2010-05-10 13:22:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Facebook is spooking me - privacy concerns 
References: <20100501174012.GB1964   <489309.59980.qm   <20100502103037.GD1964 A fair number of cpunks subscribers hid their true names
from the gitgo. The gitgo varied among subscribers, with most
of the earliest using what seemed to be true names but who
knows for sure who is.
As the list infame grew there were more of those hiding identity.
And deploying deeper levels of hide from lessons learned from
the list and other sources about how hidden identities are tracked
and faked and misrepresented and packaged alluringly as foolproof
Then there were strategies and strategems to become more
wily and more deceptive, one being the advocacy of open
sources in order to gull the gullible into revealing themselves
and their hides.
No doubt the wily knew this ploy and pretended to be open
while asymmetrically siphoning far more then offered, the
model used by official and business spies and intimate
The rigged jury is still out on whether public key crypto was
a grand deception, if not wittingly by the inventors, then by
those who would benefit from widespread faith in its
trustworthiness. Mindful that the most successful mindfucks
work best against the smartest people who cannot conceive
of being oufoxed by those they consider to be the dumbest.
I always liked PZ's "pretty good" candor for its understated
corniness. Nothing absolutely reliable over the top bullshit
like those who have tried to market it as The Best Ever.
Symantec will probably sell it back to him to cleanse its
besmeared trust.
What will become of all those archived PGP PKs capable of
tracking and cracking SKs? What, you had not heard of that?

@_date: 2010-05-16 16:16:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Solves Global Warming 
References: <536F6932-F3EC-469A-8C87-83AFF7EBF2C9
Incarceration concentrates the mind.
I have sworn before 36 god-fearing grand jurors that Jim Bell
is not what the government alleges. I have seen Jim Bell in
the dock denying the government's accusations. I have been
warned by the judge to not disclose juror's names "accidentally"
posted on the court's web site. I was ordered to never disclose
the names I was waving in the courtroom and swallowed before
the bailiffs could snatch them. There were information freedom
fighters in the courtroom who applauded my being threatened
by a startled-awake judge and rabbit-punched by IRS snitches.
A woman among us screamed this: I love Jim Bell, I want
to be his wife, right now, marry us, Your Honor. By God,
he did, sentenced them to time served, returned to snoring.
Weeping and hugging, the jurors danced with guards, Rob
Prosecutor wailed out his mind. Jeff Gordon, a True Blue
Undercover Cypherpunk, embraced Sobbing Rob, hollered
I love you Robbie, let's tie the knot. T'was done in a doubling
the judge snoring throughout.
Rob and Jeff make a lovely couple, send cards every year
on the anniversary of their open court coupling.
Jim and wife have two little assassins being raised for vengeance
by chemistry.
One might think "global warming" is a code phrase for worse.

@_date: 2010-11-11 16:42:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: <nettime> Steve Coll: Leaks  (The New Yorker) 
Like many supporters and detractors of Wikileaks Coll underestimates
the intent of the initiative. The comparison to media is fatuous as though
media, if not scholars, should be the dominant source of public information about governments and other authoritative institutions.
Media and scholars are themselves authoritatives more like governments
than different, enjoying privileges and protection all sides grant one
another while condemning those outside their fold.
None of the authoritatives are insurgencies and assuredly will find ways
to "critique" whatever disturbs their perquisites and opportunities, using
concepts and language meant to defuse and stigmatize threats.
There is overmuch circularity in Coll's apolgia for media in which he presumes an enduring value in responsible media and scholarhip that has been squandered by timid rumination. This marks a failure to
go beyond convention.
One might suspect Wikileaks is laughing its ass off at the high-value
conceit of supporters and detractors who are out to advance their
own initiatives under guise of pondering the Wikileaks each has
confected for that purpose -- and avoiding the high-risk of taking
on a true threat to authoritatives.
To be sure, Wikileaks as it has been might morph into a tamed beast
like so many short-lived, opportunisticly aggressive insurgencies
brought into submission with valorization, condemnation, attention, praise, notoriety, bribery, prizes and embrasure by mightily crafty and extremely well-endowed authoritatives who gobble up ambitious
rebels like sweetmeats.
Wikileaks would be smart to pull back from Ellsberg and those working
diligently to manage it in the most favored direction, the prefabricated
heroic, that is, all hat and no cattle.
Another New Yorker article this week explores the self-affirming drive toward heroism.
If not Assange's heroicly defiant Wikileaks peters out then many others more variable and durable, and that seems to be what's developing under
the radar of all too delusional incisiveness.
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2010-11-15 06:10:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: <nettime> Steve Coll: Leaks  (The New Yorker) 
Jealousy is the lifeblood of ambition, Assange is a victim, and
who is not?
Sorry to say Brian, for you customarily offer unusually trenchant
commentary, your comments indicate a lack of awareness of the diverse
and multiple forums which offer material similar, and in many cases
superior, to that of Wikileaks -- offered long before as well as after
its inititation.
The leaks conceit of Wikileaks is deliberate, better known as
"breaking news," attention getting, the Wiki as false as democracy,
the promise of openness never fulfilled due to security needs of the
What is unique about Wikileaks is its publicity capability and for
that it deserves credit to bring to a non-institutional initiative,
thanks to the momentarily cheap Internet megaphone, the slick
braggardy well known as the key element for the "reputation,
responsibility and trustworthyiness" of big institutions from their
origin millennia ago.
Promoting established institutions is what the media -- journalism,
publishing, entertainment, advertising -- were invented to do by
creating the illusion that individuals have a say in "what's going
on." But never invited into the sanctums where decisions are made
about the means and methods for promulgating illusions.
All this has been said tiresomely (arch ouch) overmuch. So what else
is new about Wikileaks type initiatives that the hullabaloo can
One is to contain enthusiasm, if you will, about the uniquenss of
Wikileaks. It is not unique in the content it provides: there is
much more and better available by less celebrated means and methods,
once called research, reflection and reassement, continually done,
even non-institutionally, perhaps that most so, not reduced to
crowd-arousing bombshells in which the tiniest of comment is
viralized to thousands of sites -- try it: post anything with the
word Wikileaks in its title and watch it richochet in synapases of
To advance the much larger body of material it would be useful to
develop a battery of such socio-political-rich words which would
assure attention to an inititiative that might be otherwise swamped by
orchestrated viralization, ie, advertising. "Che" once did that, as do
"Obama" and "Assange" now, albeit somewhat smeared by assholes unable
to dream of less than godlike perfection.
Your point about jealous of other blogs has become a knee-jerker that
shows ignorance, well, lack of appreciation, of other initiatives
which have not been catapulted to the media stage where nearly every
commentator derives daily doses of inspiration to get off ass and be
"a player." Which means worthy of paying attention to. How to get from
being a non-entity to being a player is what Assange has demonstrated.
Not enough attention has been paid to how he imagined Wikileaks for
that, although a lot of superficial reporting has been done on the
person and personality of Assange.
Assange is more complicated and inscrutable than he has been
caricatured to be -- ie, mediaized. But then so are all heroes
manufactured in that mold and buried in that sarcophagus.
Agreed that much better analysis is needed for those who yearn for
that comfort food never available on blogs and the daily beasts.
Better than analysis though is to do more of what Wikileaks does
to get forbidden information into public hands, minds and hearts,
unanalyzed, and most crucially unmediated. That might mean fighting
the mediaized Internet addiction, say, for a day or two a week,
gradually assemble your own material and formulate its significance --
and do not rush to post the drivel, ponder, reassemble, exchange it
quietly, redo, rejigger, reflect, sit on it.
Arguing about fucking Wikileaks has led me to write more bombast
in the past six months than in the previous 14 years, as you can
readily see, and curtailed research and publication of unanalyzed
materials. The issue is infectious and induces Mailer's advertisements
for himself.
The Wikileaks initiative is now in grave danger of being destroyed
by the attention Assange yearned for and assumed would be easy to
handle. He is its Achilles heel. Not the first time that has happened,
again merely look at the over-celebrated who are over-loaded with our
cowardly aspirations that they do for us what we are too lazy or inept
to do for ourselves, everready to blame the socio-political gods that
failed, everready to vote in Time's Persons of the Year proffered by
manipulative authoritatives.
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2010-11-17 08:23:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: <nettime> Steve Coll: Leaks (The New Yorker) 
Give apathy a chance, stash away adrenaline rush. Be quiet
preacher, deity is snoozing with the flock.
Leaks are not what they are claimed to be. Ooze is better.
It is true that nearly all who have asked me, excuse the Thomas
Friedman conceit,  to comment on Wikileaks chastise for failing to join the orchestrated furor. I don't call them, the Wikileaks
shills drop the dime and pretend insult when I call them what
they are. Wikileaks in its original formulation is not what it has
become, but that is a common bait and switch of authoritatives,
compulsively reciting their credentials -- the history, the brand -- in the face of skepticism, or worse, disinterest -- how dare you
ignore Wikileaks was one of its last press releases and pep
talks to its volunteers mail list in the fall of 2009.
No matter I praise the initiative's valuable contribution of documents for study, the main focus since the fall of 2009 has been on the Wikileaks advertising wrapping which diminishes attention for the documents as does all advertising diminish journalism,
publishing, education and other means of information distribution.
Wikileaks commentary and preen on their documents substitutes
for the time and required to read, reflect and ponder, in accord
with editorialism and hyperbole of authoritatives who only
profit from the cream robbed from the milk.
Few consume Wikileaks documents of the past or present so enjoyable is the substitute MREs composed of ignorant opinion. Some brag of not reading the documents, then proceed to boogy madly "on the urgent issue," i.e., Glenn Greenwald and a pack of other pro and con yappers wrapped in ads for themselves, sorry, opinionators, articulators of authoritativenss, fierce wide-
eyeballers hoping to offset the dupery of opposing glazers.
No doubt the apatheticism induced by ages-old advertising of
authoritatives is the intent of hyperbole. However, it is worth
considering how apathy -- a euphemism which can conceal
a battery of resistances to parental hounding to behave and
believer -- frees from obedience of an incessant message to be like us, those who know, i.e. "breaking news," and a slew of exhortations to eat branded puke upchucked in lieu of your own meals, your own musings and doubts of the high-volume
Adrenaline is the aboriginal drug and without it not much
pig in a poke would be sold, whether for love, war, politics,
security and, OMG, wisdom, trenchancy, insight, reason,
responsibility, the lot of the imaginary chimericals resting
on a natural bed of chemical thrill at being in the know of
"what's important to know." And who knows this best, the
articulators of authoritativeness. Call them charlatans,
for which they will thank you, but do not ignore them, for which
they will assault your go away. Noise is what these brayers make, this is not needed by Wikileaks to do what it does best, indeed its PR is wide-mouthedly wretched in the carny barker
tradition, and has led to a cessation of document publication. All tweets and no docs is what adrenaline peddlers inject.
Knowledge industry is coequal with entertainment, mix the
two and you have advertising, which is a word over-trenchantly
examined for its teleological importance, self-vaunting, with
decades of blather and bombast about whore media and its
pimps, "the finest minds on earth." Writing and speaking in cliches is the norm now wrapped in self-hype to counter other people's apathy. #  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2010-09-27 11:05:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: U.S. Wants to Make It Easier to Wiretap the Internet 
References: <20100927130609.GP3951 Lucky Green, ex-PGP official, said recently at a history of cpunks
panel that the principal disappointment of PGP.com was that too
few individuals used encryption, and that most of its use was
by corporations complying with customer privacy regulations
not for comsec.
With this in mind, individuals and corporations apparently do not
see the need for comsec, so in that sense Eric Schmidt, Google
apologist, is correct that privacy is not a big deal for those with
nothing to hide.
Phil Zimmermann, also on the panel, said nothing about PGP,
said he has moved on to a secure phone development.
The consensus was that Internet security was dead in the
water, only snake oil was successful at convincing customers
their privacy was "taken very seriously." If you read privacy
policies, and most of us don't as they evolve to be more slippery,
they are virtually identical in what they promise and admit
to customer betrayal for "lawful interception compliance."
There are a few law firms which specialize in these misleading
policies and write them to fit "acceptable industry standards."
Think of the ex-NIST and ex-NSA experts now advising
industry and government to issue regular scare stories about
The privacy watchdogs and verification services fit right in
with this flimflam -- all agree that officials have the right to
violate privacy, "it's the law," and that ISPs and Internet
operators must cooperate. You want privacy, do not use
digital technology, but don't tell the gaga Internet user that.
So, if the cpunk greying beards are right, the encryption battle
of the 1990s was lost, not won. Pretending to have won is
exactly what was agreed to develop the market for "unbreakable"
One of the cpunks on the panel said the encryption battle
was not only lost, but now some of the proponents of public
comsec are now happily making money by keeping the snake
oil protection racket alive and well. Wikileaks was cited as
an example but far from alone, financial data protection leads
the pack of misrepresentation.
My private report explains all this in detail and what to do to
get in on the windfall for a mere $250,000 per issue. Money
back guarantee.

@_date: 2011-04-21 08:04:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [liberationtech] iPhones/iPads secretly track 'scary    
This verges on being an apologia for the privacy violators, to find
a fix rather than burn their carcasses with huge fines, bans from
the industry and prison sentences as sometimes happens in other
cases of egregious, prolonged public transgressions based on
deception and secrecy.
Finding techical fixes is like adjusting oversight of misbehavior
in lobbying, finance, politics, war, tyranncy and abuse of innocents. The warfighters, torturers, techies and their sleazy lawyers protect their own interests in watering down punishment into gentle remonstrances, yet more lying privacy policies from gov, com,
edu and org.
Privacy transgression by peddlers of devices and programs is
an epidemic, like tobacco and drugs, and should be treated with powerful antidotes not mere misleading label warnings and wrist
slaps which leave the door wide open for endless tiny adjustments
in evasion of responsibility -- all too often concealed by the wizards
who can spot a fault, raise hell about it, and then what, well, offer
the violator a chance to hire the spotter as a security expert, donate to a security and privacy org, pretend remorse and regret, and move onto even more insidious campaigns to cheat the customer.
Programmers, like weapons designers, know exactly what they
are doing to the gullible public, no matter a few dissidents clanging
warning bells now and then, get noticed, get hired, get a contract,
disappear into the morass of ignobility keeping quiet and enjoying
the benefits of being well-paid, bribed into quietitude, insiders.
Spying and data gathering are never done by the bosses but by
the operators of systems who cowardly conceal their essential
role, coutured in NDAs and secrecy pacts. Sorry sons of bitches, all of them, and their pipsqueak calls for techical fixes is pure shit
coutured in "realism" about the necessity of every more hurtful
inventions to counter those allegedly doing the same for the "other side," the competitor, those who will do it if we don't.
Venality, see it for what it is, a moneymaker wrapped in a costume
of public service.
Your generous contribution to ours would be a real deal bold
name maker in the vein of Apple, MS, Intel, DoD, God, et al.

@_date: 2011-04-21 20:22:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cryptography mailing list 
References: <393255.84805.qm
Here until Perry escapes Leavenworth:
I got from that list was "Re: Disk encryption advice..." back on 10/8/2010
.  There were half a dozen posts/day, and then... zip :-(  Pity that it has
stopped (at least for me...).

@_date: 2011-08-01 16:39:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CIA Forced to Release Long Secret Official History of Bay   
The full release is available on the CIA FOIA site, apparently put
up on July 28 to steal the thunder of National Security Archive.
A Zip of the wad grabbed on July 30:
 (52MB)

@_date: 2011-08-07 16:52:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: New Crypto Website 
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am trying to stir some interest in my cryptography software/algorithm
website (which I consider to break new ground in the field of cryptography):
(It is C++ software for *BSD and Linux).
The 4 items available are:
C12G16 (E-mail crypto)
L15 (CSPRNG).
IBAA32/64 (CSPRNG).
Rick Carey

@_date: 2011-08-07 18:24:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: New Crypto Website 
References: Not speaking for the website operator but it appears that he
includes the language as an ass covering like most crypto
developers do in accord with legal advice to invoke protection
of the herd. What is called elsewhere "standards of the profession" meaning that if all members behave in the same way no harm will come to any of them because they have agreed to not blame each other, will lie for each other,
will screw customers in the same fashion, will excuse
ineptitude, will bill for services in concert, will seek
government protection for monopolistic practices,
as professionals are selected, schooled, trained and
certified to do to display the exculpatory appelation. Like the oldest professions: corn-holing and stealing
food and clubbing your baby's mother and claiming direct approval from the various gods in your image
invented and worshipped for auto-eroticism.
Then there are the financial reasons for using the
"do no evil" lingo. Knowing that your product will be
used for exactly that evil you advertise its value by forbidding that evil. See any bible for enlighenment.
Or any product warranty or privacy protection or
national security. In a pinch, claim mathematical
unbreakable crypto, and wheel out the standard
fault of implementation when your math disintegrates.
In these times forbidding use of crypto for terrorism, paedophilia and crimes is the very best way to attract high-paying customers who do just those, in particular warmakers, governments, banks, pornographers, cryptographers and those who racketeer against those fat heads, i.e. Robin Hood hackers.
Now please describe what are you offering with baloney
oppostion, I want to steal it and kill you if it is really good, which I have to say, speaking as a pro everready
to flog crap, it probably is pure gold.
 against humanity.> >

@_date: 2011-08-08 19:05:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: New Crypto Website 
References:   <1312756129.50769.YahooMailNeo Isn't the Internet the 5th horseman, so saith Cyber Command
underlings recruiting at DefCon and all the universities and hacker
hangouts and net cybersecurity-as-crime forums.
Nice thing about the horsemen is that you got to be one to
know how to fight them for many, many years, with budget
upgrades by "unexpected" failures. Human failures always
the best. Insiders next best. Never you or us angels.
Today GAO issued a study of State Department worldwide
information security evaluation and not once mentioned Wikileaks which only weeks ago was State's horse to bet on for great gobs
of additional cyber security. Must be policy to keep secret from
the public the greatest threat. Shhh.
Ok, ok, so it was DoD who let the State's swayback out of the barn
and Cyber Command promises to not ever let that happen again
as soon as Bradley Manning agrees to become a poster boy
recruiter of hackers for the NSA who failed, failed, failed, OMG how those hovering buzzards missed the emanations of FOB Gaga.
Or did they? Was it a trap all along, poor Bradass87 the bait?
State thinks DoD ran Bradley in an op. Bet on that filly.

@_date: 2011-08-08 20:11:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: New Crypto Website 
References:   <1312756129.50769.YahooMailNeo <I think it's the horse.
More or less quite true. That is why the horsemen are so fervently deployed as narcotic diversions.
Drugged I offer a pointer to an August 5 mathematician's
review of a recent book about Bayes theory helping break Enigma and other humcomsec decoys:
Actually he teases little of Enigma, enigmatically.

@_date: 2011-08-09 08:38:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: New Crypto Website 
References:   <1312756129.50769.YahooMailNeo Very true. Whistleblowing was invented for officials to disclose
marked-up, tagged and shrewdly redacted information. There
is an international organization of whistleblowers to assure a
steady flow, funded by shadowy sources. Beyond that obviously professional outlet there are:
Open and secret generous grants available to scholars, renegades, freedom fighters, hackers, siphoners, aggregators, search engines, coders, Tors, leakers, spammers, Chinese, Iranians, Israelis, rogues, drug kingpins, kiddie porn baiters, civil liberty unions, unions, agitators, organizers of the poor and the filthy rich, tweeters and speakers,
priests and TLC givers, every conceivable exceedingly fine-grained minority and social and economic injustice aggrievers, Wall Street and off-shore greeders, why there is hardly any way to avoid getting a piece of the pie directly or indirectly, say, through an amazingly
lucky break and recognition of your long-overlooked talent, a door opened just for you and your angry bitch gnawing your deadbeat
Whistleblowing is a satisfying blow job. That's a recruiting slogan.

@_date: 2011-08-11 18:12:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Google Admits Handing over European User Data to US    
European and other nations have long provided private data
to US spies under secret sharing agreements. Their protests
are nonsense. Hearings on these violations of their citizens
and subjects seldom do more than issue demands that the
practices stop but do not order action to truly stop them. The reason is that the US (and its contractors) supplies the other nations with data on their citizens and subjects as well as funding and technology for homeland spying.
Blaming the hegemon-of-choice is obligatory strut.
And most importantly spies do not have to obey laws anywhere and provide exculpation for their mercenaries.
This is a global practice not invented in the US, indeed
it might be argued that the US is slightly less jaded
than other nations who have betrayed in secret fashions developed over millennia -- way before laws were confected
to bless official crime to fight threats to hegemons.
US hegemons will not be penalized nor lose customers
because alternatives are no more trustworthy. Check the gov-protected monopolies cum oligarchies that dominate Euro, Asian, African South American
countries which adopted Echelon as home brew
either by treaty or by unilateral corporatism -- the
path most favored by unregulated billionaires more numerous elsewhere than the US. And they all
have spy operations coupled to governments. They
all believe the USG is constitutionally delusional.

@_date: 2011-12-08 11:17:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The primary objective in data retention is traffic   
That's the primary objective of the Internet and telecommunications
and SM networks. Official spies are no longer the only ones and may
be the least threatening but a handy stimulus for all-too-suspicious
privacy and security products that have all-too-hackable holes and,
ahem, faulty implementations to be blamed on the victims who
shouldn't trust shit, so says those who rush shit to market.
Damn, who is who in the race to cruelly exploit while waving a flag of warning.
Somebody crankily said he is fed up with newly discovered security breaches and faults which turn out to be false alarms hiding deeper
treacheries which turn out to be "harmless" design features which
turn out to be fucked-up works in progress forced to market by economic and political ambitions. So what if a few thousands
die, "compared to auto and cancer and suicide deaths those are insignificant."
Apologists have it right. Jump to admit minor, formulaic, entertaining
errors to divert attention from unspeakables.
surveillance. location,

@_date: 2011-12-14 11:26:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Network Surveillance: Access Control,     
Probably coincidental that so many of these surveillance conferences
are taking place as official-commercial-advocacy-institutional (gov-com-org-edu) surveillance funding has become more widely
distributed in clear and in dark.
"Honey trap" is unfair to these good-hearted initiatives which would
likely deny, quasi-truthfully, that they are unwitting tools to siphon ideas,
means and methods, names and biometrics -- and recruit talented
rodents to feed security vultures.
Talented rats could siphon in return and a share the entrailed muck
despite NDAs and secrecy agreements. But will not happen
once the ingested perqs are channeled into feed to shit to sewer to befouled landscape. Paranoia is big biz gov-com-org-edu contamination.
ISS lays it on the table, spying and anti-spying are wonderfully enriching, spread suspicion.
Others might ignore the polite invitations to herd into paranoia feeding pens. Starve the befoulers underwriting them. above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily
moderator in monthly reminders.

@_date: 2011-02-08 07:14:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Weekend Gedankenexperiment - The Kill Switch 
Better than a bullet is to restart in a deal with the authorities
to watch and log the traffic, in the Tor model, in the ATT model,
in the Oracle model, in the Microsoft model, the models of
Google, Mozilla, Intel, NGOs, Wikileaks, news media,
hackers, freedom fighters, cryptographers, coders, anybody needing to make a living rather than serve a cause for thrills, fun and begging for a bed and rot gut victuals.
Far better than inviting a bullet is to shop your comrades, become a covert agent of the counterrevolution, actually a celebrated hero of the revolution itself defying authority, showing amazing courage, downplaying losses and collateral
damage and dispensing a dose of informant poison here and there to quell internal dissent and boost reliability
with those running and funding the operation.
If not a turncoat hero then a pre-positioned second in command to watch and log the all too trusting hero, manage the finances, keep keys to the secrets, arrange recordable
pleasurable enticements to sway the hero in the pre-planned
direction, that is, right into a carefully constructed trap where a hero's only choice will be to play along or get exposed as a insanely vainglorious, self-serving, money-grubbing, child rapist to be soon dead with a vile disease.
This is described in the tell all books appearing left and right and center.

@_date: 2011-02-08 08:33:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US Warships jamming Lebanon Internet 
References:    <20110207141444.GP23560 I thought you meant ARPA foie gras-ing the US then the globalism. So here we are stuffed, helplessly RAMed into believing there is a way
back to free range quacking without minutely controlled AFLACing.
Ah, the dream of winning by coding, to hell with politics. So why is
Cryptography mail stuck at October 2010? Perry in jail again?
Speaking of jail, this time there have been no letters from Jim
Bell. He may be under a clampdown. Or we are. All of us stuffed.
Speaking of coding, what's the latest on open source crypto, has it been co-opted like the US masterspy claims, or disinfos?

@_date: 2011-02-16 21:13:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: <nettime> Anonymous Surpasses Wikileaks 
The exploits of Anonymous to hack the systems of firms
providing spying services to governments and corporations
suggest that the WikiLeaks mini-era has been surpassed.
Much of WikiLeaks promise to protect sources is useless if the sources are not whistleblowers needing a forum for publication. Instead publishers of secret information grab it directly for posting to Torrent for anybody to access
without mediation and mark-up by self-esteemed peddlers of protection, interpretationa and authentication, including media cum scholars.
Arstechnica descriptions of the how the Anonymous hack
are the best reading of Internet derring-do yet and far exceeds the much simpler version of WikiLeaks carefully bruited as if precious but is not according to Daniel Domscheit-Berg's AnonLeaks.ru is a remarkable advance of WikiLeaks. And
promises much more by the same means and methods most
associated with official spies -- NSA and CIA run the Special Collections Service to do exactly that kind of criminal aggression, along with black bag burglaries, surveillance and bugging. Contractors hiring ex-spies do much of this highly classified work as well and invent and supply the gadgets and front organizations required.
Not least of importance of the Anonymous hack and the many
preceding it is the revelation of how commercial firms have been exploiting public ignorance of their spying capacity. That they are themselves vulnerable is a surprise to them, as it must  be to those who hire them and, in the case of governments, provide legal cover for criminal actions.
This is not news, to be sure, for it has been alleged and
reported on for decades but mostly in technical journals
and conferences where offerers strut their malwares to
buyers of perfidium.
Imagine that instead of the many iterations of Wikileaks
now appearing to receive and publish documents, that more of the Anonymous-type hacks simply steal the family jewels of the spies, officials, lobbyists and corporations believing they own the territory in order to show the extent of their secret predations on the public.
The digitization of vast archives of government, commercial
and non-governmental organizations to facilitate their
hegemony provides a bounty to be hacked repeatedly
despite attempts to prevent it by vainly inept cybersecurity
agencies and firms.
The cyber officials yell, hit the Internet Switch. Too late, too late. Anonymous controls the switch.  Sure, Anonymous
can be compromised with sufficient hostile and friendly
inducements, but so can the predators, perhaps moreso
the latter.
I like that venerable Anonymous and the promise it offers as the Nymous authoritatives of secrecy frantically attempt to ban its privilege. For the WL era dutifully enshrine Julian Assange and Bradley
Manning, give them Medals of Freedom as icons of what led to the rise of Unnamables worldwide.
I commend Ketih for that unbreakable domain name.
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2011-02-17 13:28:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Decentralizing the Internet So ... 
References: <20110217160452.GZ23560   <20110217160452.GZ23560
Whatever it is or turns out to be it will be carefully and meticulously
legal. No crossing the line into criminality or the organizer will have
to shop your ass in accord with governmental regulations governing the practice of law sometimes laughingly called the bar.
There is a decent-sized legal and financial (they always sleep together)
industry of setting up non-profits to advance alluring agendas. All legal and financially accountable as determined by inscrutible
taxation laws and those who sell scrutibility by the unlimited hours.
The schemes cover the broad spectrum of left, moderate, right, extreme,
covert, deceptive, manipulative, hit and run, offshore, out of this
world, you want your very own why no problem provide retainer
sign here be in touch soon. Head for the tracks to leverage for
three lovers want their dues.
Anybody with over $500,000 to squander, and they all need to do
that or Uncle takes a big bite, is incessantly proffered opportunities
to fund a perfect fit for the psychopathology used to attain the
wealth and to battle the accompanying terror of losing it to
another psycho like the government or the latest bedmate
of amazing understanding of the greeder's weakness due to
being a world class shit.
The Internet has upchucked thousands of these NGO facilitators who spam conferences, mail lists, chat rooms, dinners, panels, and oddball conclaves of wealth managers
all seeking to promote goodness to bad guys with a foot
in the grave, they are reminded unctuously, would you not
like to consider a heritage to whiten your name.
One way to fend off these leeches is to ask about their
fee, not the pro bono sham, the fees for lecturing, drafting
incorporation papers, sitting on boards, doing due diligence
(be very afraid of due diligence for that will get you jail
time, tell'em Jim Bell), defending and offending in court, publishing how-tos, escrowing bribes and alimony,
the usually panoply of self-dealing in guise of public
benefit, uh, protecting the client.
Another way to fend off these bloodsuckers is to ask for
advice on how to engage in criminal "public benefit."
Whoa, he says, whoa, whoa, now way. I could be disbarred
for that. You say, what would be your fee to cover
that risk. Excuse me, she will say, I need to step out for
a moment. You hear a dime dropping. Not calling the
cops, calling a financial advisor.
None of this applies to jail house lawyers or pro se.
Anybody heard from Jim Bell? Not a peep heard here
in his third go around. Is he being Bradley Manning'd?

@_date: 2011-02-17 13:30:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Decentralizing the Internet So ... 
References: <20110217160452.GZ23560   <20110217160452.GZ23560
Excuse that last post. It was about architects, not lawyers.
Greg Broiles is an angel, totally trustworthy. Ply him.

@_date: 2011-02-20 16:10:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Forensics On Trial 
This reminds of the carnard that crypto weakness is in the
implementation or user ineptness not the algorithm, the math
nor the cryptographers.
Probably old stuff to the sharp tacks here, a 2007 paper describes how to retrieve keys from volatile memory not via brute force cracking or key logger or back doors or rubber hole or stupidly vain cryptographers. PGP Disk and TrueCrypto are used as examples of how to do it.
This might suggest explain why those associated long-associated with PGP have moved on to less risky endeavors and why TrueCrypt is
so beloved by snoops.
The paper was written by a student which again demonstrates
that those with less of a stake in the most trustworthy security are seldom the most trustworthy and must be protected by secrecy.
Now, for dead-broke deep thinking futurists: Which is the world's greatest spying machine, the Internet or cellphones
or the two combined? What is the crucial aspect of each system which renders it susceptible to
compromise? Which is most promoted as a way to assure freedom from compromise? Name the most prominent promoters for each. Name the most unknown skeptic for each.
Name three shame-faced apologists who admit they had not examined
the consequences of what they once believed with certainty.
Winners will receive a huge amount of untaxable cash amply hoarded
offshore by Robert Hettinga, secured by powerful financial crypto.

@_date: 2011-02-22 16:00:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Feasibility of Using TOR or VPNs For Anonymity 
You may not be aware that such questions are now commonplace
by commercial spies like HBGary and ilk.
So here is what you tell them buzzards openly with your nym
The design of the Internet prevents concealed communication
from being possible.
How to prevent using the Internet to do what you want was its
first design requirement. Still there have been numerous attempts
to get around the Internet's fundamental prohibition against being A canard has been promulagated that the Internet routes around
censorship and based on that there continues to be a hope that
untraceability is in the offing. TOR and VPN claimed to be able
to do that but cannot, don't waste your time, they were compromised
by design. Many more out there and more hidden to assure suckering.
All mass communication must be capable of tracing its users,
for "administration and management." Designers and sysadmins of any of these systems know that but keep it quiet to protect their jobs and investor profits. Privacy shams encourage trust in these
systems as in confessionals and torture holes.
There may be a way to communicate with a few people without
using any means of mass communication but not with many and
pretty soon one or more of them will rat on the other users, either
for pay or for jealous revenge at being stooged. TOR is a
fish trap.
This is not limited to technological means of communication,
it applies to any form, verbal, written, sign, smoke, ear wiggle,
eye blink, twitch, finger, forked tongue, boogie, hickory stick,
mail drop, dead drop, fake rock, gut condom, vaginal and anal beads, DNA and quanta.
You might think keeping your mouth shut would do it, but no
no no. Too late for that unless it was never opened begging
for tit. Tits have you by the balls. So go to work and pay your
But even then expect to be reported to the authorities as a menace to society for asking these questions. Or, if you're
broke, report your gang and its fledging means of hiding.

@_date: 2011-01-04 10:04:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Assange as the Stainless Steel Rat 
What might be most enviable about Julian is that he has held
few if any jobs to distract him from exploring personal philosophy and to plot great conquests and become very rich. During the twenty years from about 18 to 38, he has managed to obtain food, shelter, clothing, child care payments, health care, expenses for travel and entertainment, laptops and network service, and a motorbike for 2-3 years of globe circling -- perhaps
setting up a network of cohorts. (He described his itinerary on
this noble forum in 2001.) Nothing unusual about this off-the-grid lifestyle among hackers.
Like a lot of thoughtful humans not convinced steady work for
bosses is a good thing, they do have a knack for avoiding regular employment. Some speculate they sell their hacker fruits of network (TOR, DoD,
et al) siphoning on the black market, or extort payments from targets to return material or to not report nasty info to the authorities or news media -- or most profitable, to gin up the bidding for stolen data among competitors. Say, the Bank of America ploy, "hard drive"
certified, fool.
Those not adept at keeping income coming this way, can pick up a few thousands ratting on other hacker-entrepreneurs to the authorities, or best, to commercial spies who extort the ratee for information then mark it up as their own product.
These techniques appear to be in full flower with Wikileaks and its
desparate MSM partners, agog fans and penny-ante sock-puppets, but are hardly restricted to the newbie initiative. Businesses have alwayes used the same tawdry practices to assure profitability to the bosses, to screw the workers and investors, and the methods are taught in business schools and fine-tuned in lawyers and publicist-cum-journalists' conference rooms. The deals negotiated among WL and the MSM will make great reading
in the slacker colleges someday but not so long as they are laying
golden eggs. Off the grid is where the real money flows. As is often
yelled in this very iniquitous den.
It must have been said somewhere in blatherdom that Assange's model is Zuckenberg not Harry the Rat. He is likely in touch with Goldman and
JP Morgan and the giants of Europe and Asia to get bid on the BoA wad and the others in his sample kit. Think about what he's got, or says he's
got on the globe's tax authorities.
Nobody here knows anything about this despite what the archives
reveal. Those are forgeries.

@_date: 2011-01-06 08:33:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Assange as the Stainless Steel Rat 
References: A shitty account for it leaves out the crucial information about
money changing hands between WL and its partners, not even
under the ruse of underwriting "expenses." Assange's rage at MSM is about getting financially screwed not dissimulation of editorial and publication control. Assange wants his fortune just as much as publishers and journalists and the rest of us do. The nobility of getting information to the public
untainted by venality is ridiculous -- even as PR it is rancid bacon. Assange's chronic bitch has been from Day One of WL about getting those who use Wikileaks to pay handsomely for it. That was, and is, his
business model, not public service, at least no more public service than
the public service racketeers. It is not about getting press coverage simply but coverage for advertising what can be bought under the table and on the black market -- just like official and criminal managers of information
flow do -- spies the most generous payers.
The peurile Vanitry Fair gossip about the MSM struggling financially avoids
the real issue of paying sources like WL and hackers and insiders is as if there is a solemn compact to pretend that never occurs. Mutual love
and admiration it aint. Why be coy about paying WL, out with it. Maybe Daniel will spill those
secrets but not likely due to the money to be made by pretending to tell
all but not really, tell enough to become a player, then play to the max.
What might break the complicity of silence is what leads so many to
leak, getting financially screwed by your partners -- the ever present
threat to human intercourse, not limited to bed partners.
You can bet Bank of America or whoever knows what it will take
for WL not to publish financially damaging data. By now the targets have been given samples to ponder, just as the MSM were given.
And Assange will continue to shop in the black market what is merely advertised by public disclosures.
This is a well-established business model of hackers and publishing
and as we have seen in this noble training and bragging forum, security This is an ad, the good stuff is not available for free.

@_date: 2011-01-20 10:37:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Alleged Wikileaks Use of P2P to Siphon Documents 
Is the report below both technologically and legally credible or just
typical cybersecrurity farting for news coverage? What are the P2P Hackers saying about it? Recall Assange claimed to have a million files on hand at the start of Wikileaks and says WL continued to received millions more until recently. To be sure, WL always maximizes counts of whatever it claims to have, the cables amounting to some 261M _words_ of which a 1% have been made public although the statistically insignificant percentage is never WikiLeaks, condemned by the U.S. government for posting secret data leaked by insiders, may have used music- and photo-sharing networks to obtain and publish classified documents, according to a computer security firm.
Tiversa Inc., a company based in Cranberry Township, Pennsylvania, has evidence that WikiLeaks, which has said it doesnt know who provides it with information, may seek out secret data itself, using so-called
"peer-to-peer" networks, Chief Executive Officer Robert Boback claimed. He said the government is examining evidence that Tiversa has turned over.
The company, which has done investigative searches on behalf of U.S. agencies including the FBI, said it discovered that computers in Sweden were
trolling through hard drives accessed from popular peer-to-peer networks such as LimeWire and Kazaa. The same information obtained in those searches later appeared on WikiLeaks, Boback said. WikiLeaks bases its most important servers in Sweden. End snippet.

@_date: 2011-01-20 17:53:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Alleged Wikileaks Use of P2P to Siphon Documents 
References: <20110120214357.GR23560   <20110120150527.GT23560   <20110120214357.GR23560
It may be that the cybersec wizard encountered a TLA sting being
run on P2P -- those exact six IP addresses among tens of thousands, each wearing a sign that says Wikileaks right here, log us.
Someone writes that the USG has been seeding P2P with bogus files for quite a while in order to trace their arranged discovery and appearance elsewhere. Following the lead and using the means
and methoids of the copyright pig kissers.
To be sure that is what the USG and its contractors would claim to cover their ineptitude. Meanwhile, using old style bribing, burgling, paying lawyers and journalists and whistleblowers and hackers and goofy soldiers to entrap would-be info liberators, then turning those
captured into pig kissers.
No disrespect to pig kissers, they happily admit to doing whatever
is necessary to outwit professionals.

@_date: 2011-07-04 19:46:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Len Sassaman Posts 
Len has been described as a cypherpunk in some accounts
recently. Nothing shows up for him in the cpunks archives
for 1992-98. Did he use a pseudonym or just not post to
the list? How about the Cryptography list?

@_date: 2011-07-26 08:25:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Steve Bellovin Discovers Earliest One Time Pad Inventor 
The 1882 monograph that Dr. Bellovin stumbled across in
the Library of Congress was "Telegraphic Code to Insure
Privacy and Secrecy in the Transmission of Telegrams,"
by Frank Miller, a successful banker in Sacramento who
later became a trustee of Stanford University. In Millers
preface, the key points jumped off the page:
"A banker in the West should prepare a list of irregular
numbers to be called shift numbers," he wrote. "The
difference between such numbers must not be regular.
When a shift-number has been applied, or used, it must
be erased from the list and not be used again."
That sent the astonished Dr. Bellovin to the Internet to
try to find out whether Mr. Millers innovation was known
to the later inventors.
The results of his largely online detective work can be
found in the July issue of the journal Cryptologia.  ...
According to several independent specialists in cryptography,
Mr. Miller was undoubtedly the first to propose the concept
of the one-time pad.
"Miller probably invented the one-time pad, but without
knowing why it was perfectly secure or even that it was,"
said David Kahn, the author of the definitive 1967 book
"The Codebreakers." "Moreover, unlike Mauborgnes
conscious invention, or the Germans conscious adoption
of the one-time pad to superencipher their Foreign Office
codes, it had no echo, no use in cryptology. It sank without
a trace  until Steve found it by accident."

@_date: 2011-06-12 13:51:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: <nettime> Internet Digital Black Friday: First Bitcoin      
References: <66146602-8B27-41C3-8AC9-9442F62805FB   <20110612083156.GT11019   <66146602-8B27-41C3-8AC9-9442F62805FB
The dual-use feature of information is a given. Information
system designers and operators play a dual role in every
field from religion to education to government to FOI to
security and to law, the latter two in particular.
Open source has always been dual-use, and the usage of
the term is a sure sign of duplicity, indeed in most cases
asymmetrically so. The DNI is one of the few who has admitted
that is how spy agencies use the term, but looking at other
uses it seems clear that it is a cloak for deception to a greater
or lesser degree, primarily to get information swapping going
in a particular direction to favor the initiator.
Early adopters commonly promise high ROI then gradually
shift to less return and more profits as confidence in the
product grows and the opportunity for exploiting that
confidence attracts shrewder investors. Vulture capitalists,
as if there are any other kind, are especially adept at this.
Informants, insiders, administrators, judges, arbiters, trusted
grammarians, language police, third parties, confessors, lovers, teenagers luring Breibarts to smear congresscritters, bitcoiners, digital moneymakers, security do-gooders and evildoers,  and skeptics of all these, is there any question of their pervasive dual-usage to tip the rewards toward themselves? Put them
on a pinhead to see them bleat.
This is not about the major religions and governments only, but any initiative to induce confidence in one belief and suspicion about others. Without that duality there would
no pro- and anti-thinkers and tinkerers always working in cahoots as if an irrefutable scientific proof of the absence
of god. They too two-dance pinheadedly.
Informing is ordinary behavior, and its takes little inducement
to open source the spigot. Mild disagreement will usually work.
Even better is dinging the tip jar.

@_date: 2011-06-15 15:06:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: There.s a Secret Patriot Act, Senator Says 
References:   <1306529835.736.7.camel   <1306570517.27121.3.camel The cypherpunks list collapsed in 1992 after a few weeks when the
three anti-social founders had a falling out, there was blood and spit teeth, then The Thing was rejiggered to came back for a couple of years, staggered around from its many bantam cock fights gazed by lurking hooters by the thousands not sure WTF was going on but WTH it beat The Narcissitic Well and Venal Wired and the Guttenberg Didactic
Project and Tim B-L's honey pimp for hard-on hardware producers, spayed advertisers and info liberation machiavellians. The four or five best and brightest left in disgust to go to law school
or The Marines or prison or set up vulgar moneypits hawking crypto and crypto-crackers and anonymizers and anonymous-trappers to occult beasts with very large tax-cash dispensers. The Thing matured is what. Petered out, talked about the glory
day. Rotted.
CJ wrote a song about it: What it is is many-used, shaggered sheath in a dried-up cum bucket
Nota bene: for anyone who remembers CJ's sis Alia who
doted on the linguistic genius, she died recently.

@_date: 2011-06-20 14:07:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Privacy Tempest 
It has been a while since Tempest has come up here. If you
haven't heard Joel McNamara's is closing his unique web site on TEMPEST in October, 2011. An archival pdf is available until then:
A lot secret and open research is still underway on compromising
emanations and inadvertent signals of humand innards, outwards
and behavior -- electonic, acoustic, visual, odor, taste, touch, multi-sensory, extrasensory, paranormal, stride, eye blink, arm swing, bodily excretions, crowding, solitude, sleep, grammar,
syntax, singing, math and coding skill, down the line of reading what you don't want read without getting bitcoins in return.
Much of Tempest discussion focuses on electronic emanations
but are there reports on non-electronic signal capture?
The report recently on big cavity resonators in Britain built before
radar to pick-up acoustics of distant aircraft reminds of the
non-electronic versions of Tempest popularized by the KGB's planting a device in the US Embassy residence in Moscow.
Passive bugs are not the question. Are dumb-looking objects
still being covertly planted in secure locations to transmit signals to the outside at imperceptible wave lengths or
stego-ed in the perceptible? Bypassing cutting-edge Tempest countermeasures which so enthrall technical surveillance inspectors blinded by e-gadgetry.
Are live skulls cavity resonators beyond pushing voice? Lot of cavities in most places where people go for privacy.

@_date: 2011-06-21 07:00:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Privacy Tempest 
References: Indeed, long before breast fixation was sexualized we knew
exactly where to find teat.
The way dogs, and perhaps other animals, store smells as humans
do sights to recall a path of travel, and find their way home after
being transported miles by vehicle elsewhere. Animals with
acute hearing do the same tracking and pathfinding.
Humans have gradually reduced reliance upon all there senses
to favor sight, aided by text and drawings, and those supplanted
by computers and other electronic gadgets with visual displays.
Magic, incantation, riots, hypnosis and paranormal work in ways
carefully studied by behaviorists aiming to manipulate humans.
Athletes, dancers, actors, musicians and "native" trackers have the good sense to gather and retrieve muscle movement, natural signs and sound many of us have let wither in over-educated belief
that sight and reason and logic should be dominant. The disembodied
electronic gadgetry world has distanced humans evern further into
terrible mistakes, drone genocide based on limited electronic data
only the most recent -- and more of that mini-WMD on the way.
Presumably tiny drones will be used for BW and CW on food
sources and disease, to complement the audio-terror they now cause like the whistling bombs of WW2.
Back to Tempest in its manifold iterations beyond EM. Leakage
of signals, comms, concepts, secrets and much more via
the imperceptible to vain technologists trained to read only
a tiny smidgen of the sensory spectrum. What is being done
with those we are too smart-bombed to understand?
Probably one answer to that is why OBL could not be found
for a decade by the greatest technolgical nation ever invented
by the blind, deaf and mute. This is not to exclude the possibility
that OBL assassination is a fiction to declare victory by
technical means and methods of media manipulation.
cutting-edge Tempest

@_date: 2011-03-04 18:43:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Cypherpunk Revolutionary Julian Assange 
"The world's best-known 'cypherpunk' has long been on a mission to stop governments watching our every move. It is said to be the key to understanding WikiLeaks.
Although there are tens of thousands of articles on Julian Assange in the world's newspapers and magazines, no mainstream journalist so far has grasped the critical significance of the cypherpunks movement to Assange's intellectual development and the origin of WikiLeaks. ...
At the core of the cypherpunk philosophy was the belief that the great question of politics in the age of the internet was whether the state would strangle individual freedom and privacy through
its capacity for electronic surveillance or whether autonomous individuals would eventually undermine and even destroy the state through their deployment of electronic weapons newly at hand."
Excerpt online:
Full 19-page essay by AU politics professor Robert Manne:
 (6.2MB)

@_date: 2011-03-06 17:11:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: In brig,WikiLeaks suspect Bradley Manning ordered to sleep  
Manning's capability to taunt his jailers indicates his mental health is not a problem, thus undercutting accusations of deterioration due to, uh, torture. Standing nude, being gazed by beefy guards, is not all that bad. Manning has accomplished his life's wet dream, and for that he is to be pedestaled iconically.
There remains the always auto-mesmerzing issue of masturbation, according to Jean Genet the favorite prison and military and collegiate activity (inside and outside family colonies), and its near endlessly variable attraction and repulsion of the jailers, as watchers, as cheerleaders, as participants, as connoisseurs of welcomely forbidden pleasures of sadism and masochism.
That the brig is headed by a female Marine ratchets up the
auto-stimulation to Nurse Ratchet's castrating diabolism, the
Society for Cutting Up Men coming out of the bitch-hatchetry.
Soon, the society of BGLT hackers and leakers, so to speak,
will come out. Genet, and gobs of others, averred there is
nothing to compare with the military for pansexuality perversity
except the Church. Children preferred. Childlike adults delectable
substitutes. Bradass87, bare assed and loving it, you couldn't make this up for a Cuckoo Nest flic.
So how many of the Manning guards are female, gay, tranny -- pansexual hornism a given? Prepare to kill and die priapically, fuck mud Gyrenes!

@_date: 2011-03-12 17:48:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Cypherpunk Revolutionary Julian Assange 
References: Ah ha, you cracked the last of Kryptos Part 4. What's it say?
Don't miss the misspelling in the URL.

@_date: 2011-03-21 08:05:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Liberty Dollar - Final Nail? 
The Liberty Dollar-Von Nothaus indictment and lists of
exhibits.  (1.1MB)
The list of Von Nothaus exhibits includes a bibliography
on the many predecessors and uses of local currencies.
The list of USG exhibits ignores the persistently popular means to manage financial affairs locally.

@_date: 2011-03-22 17:43:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Iran cracks down on web dissident technology 
Fucking amazing admission. No conspiracy theory needed.

@_date: 2011-03-25 17:34:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Iran cracks down on web dissident technology 
References: That's what the Eff-folks advocating TOR are saying. And point to a
file on Torproject.org. See:
However, this appears to be a giant evasion perhaps asubterfuge, even reminds of what Big Boys say when customers learn they are siphoning customer data. Read the privacy policy the lawyer-advised apologists bark, and upon reading the privacy policy see that it only emphasizes the subterfuge. Openly admitting siphoning is supposed to make it okay because everyone does it under cover of lockstep
privacy policy. Fuck that.
If the Tor operators really know what they are being used for, then they should admit to being agents of the USG, as Michael Reed had the guts to do.
Claiming this US spying role for Tor is well known is a crock of shit,
but then spies lie all the time and care not a whit that they peddle
shit for eaters of it. If you believe them and like what they do then don't shilly-shally, just do what Michael Reed did but others are
too ashamed to do after having been duped since 1996.
If Reed's precedent for honesty is followed, there will be an admission that the Internet was invented for spying by its inventor. And then cryptography and other comsec tools. And then cellphones and the like. Hold on now, this is getting out of hand, the apologists
will bellow, everybody has always known that there is no privacy
in digital world.
Actually, no, they did not. And those who knew keep their fucking
mouths shut to reap the rewards of deception. Now that is a truth
everyone knows. No conspiracy theory needed.

@_date: 2011-05-16 09:30:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Sons of Blackwater Open Corporate Spying Shop 
Reminds of the scramble to gin commercial-personal spying ops as the big spigot of the Cold War began to close. Which begat cypherpunks
with diminished careers for the androidial best and brightest bastard-bred
by Vietnam gush bribery.
This augurs a new flowering of disaffected neo-androids out to neuter
their former enemies' and mentors' desperate attempts to top-cream the comsec-compsec-natsec-privacy-trashing FUD.
This augurs the greybearded cpunks generation, the EFFs, and other crypto-privacy-mongering TLAs and NGOs and POGOs getting gut-shot by the young-guns who missed out on buy-outs, awards, grants, contracts, counter-celebrity, seerism, sageism, crackpotism, pony-tailism become baldism, pansexualism, White House inviteeism,
oh the glorious days when the bullshit snakeoil meter had to be reset higher mathematically every news cycle.
No wonder making money has come out of the closet of shrewd
"dissidents" who no longer believe the shit about protecting the
people but gush that BS way over the top, a la wily hackers, WL and rush-rush sec-capitalizers scratching each others backs with
threats and counter-threats, every more saber-rattling and strategic
warnings demanding more secrets to be Chrome-barred for Intelnet stud and mare fees.
Inept-security-bastard Wired is now happy as a pig in shit to be inside the beltway of reporting on threatened sec-profits as honey and Those over 32 years old better take their cash out of the banks
before they are emptied by anons well beyond bitcoin play dough.

@_date: 2011-05-28 06:30:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: There.s a Secret Patriot Act, Senator Says 
References: <1306529835.736.7.camel   <1306529835.736.7.camel
Surely giving Obama the Nobel Peace Prize before he had done
anything except talk about what he would do to end persistent
warmaking must indicate that all he had to do was talk the talk
to arouse delirium for Woodrow Wilson method acting.
Kissinger was called a war criminal for that and remains on the
wanted list (not really) of some countries who love Obama who does not appear to be Strangelove in Ghandi drag.
Talkers, aka diplomats and scholars and national security
experts and judges and lawyers and peace-niks and anti-war NGOs and foreign policy tanks and RANDs and anti-WMDs, provide excellent amply rewarded apologia for war-threat beneficiaries like themselves. Terrorism Allah-sent to head off Cold War winddown.
Reminds of the comsec-loving greeders who warn of cyber
insecurity and privacy invasion and soul losing who pray and lobby for the protection money to never end.
Come on, nasty hackers, aka sinners, sysadmins, security pros
and TLAs, churn those threats and counterthreats you were trained for. NDAs and official secrecy and confessional hootches
protect you, well, except for your ass crack of insecurity-mongering.
Question is, what classified threat was inrrefutably delivered to
Obama (as with predecessors) about himself and his family, aka the nation, that caused a change of heart and mind. Could
be related to the prospect of becoming poor rather than a
rich -- no greater fear in capitalists. Courage is hardly contagious, trickery and deception are

@_date: 2011-11-16 08:04:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor in Mexico 
Tor is not alone in misleading users about online security.
It would be worth repeating that security online, as offline,
is always an iffy promise and that communication and
identity-protection caution is a basic requirement.
Offerers of security in whatever guise -- national,
governmental, commercial, organizational, religious,
individual -- are well aware of the limits of what is being offered and thus over-promise to conceal those limits.
Security should be understood to mean limited security,
which is how security experts know it. A few of them laugh,
or growl, at the ease with which scoundrels among them
deceive the public. Most, however, enjoy the rewards of keeping quiet, or most likely, shading the truth in such a way that when vulnerabilities are exposed -- ie, people die (far more than sacrosanct journalists, entire duped
populations) -- they roll out the usual exculpations of charging the victims with complicity in their suffering for believing what they were told.
Never trust a security expert for they an incapable of
knowing the full consequences of what they are advising
about, having been trained to fudge, blather, brag, warn, and promulgate the faith.
Security means to blame the victim, that is, require to
the victim to believe in corrupt security, to never doubt the security offerers, all of whom are motherfucking liars, cheats and false priests, most often in pay of those who reap great fortunes fucking the people,
themselves protected by secrecy.
Without secrecy none of this shit would work. Thus,
above all else, cloaking secrecy with evasive bullshit is essential, for example, the open source religion
which hides crimes and misdemeanors around
the globe, above and below.
Dinky revelations of vulnerabilities hide great ones.
Thus, the near monthly revelations of data hacking,
the crowing about finding holes, the issuing of new
patches and protections, the revisions of privacy
policies, the proposed new legislation and regulation
to control violations, the warnings of national attacks,
the grandstanding virii of machinic attacks, the calls
for digital identities and banning of anonymity, the
jailing of a few pipsqueak examples, the avoidance
of effective law enforcement and punishment of
major cartels and spy regimes inside and outside government, the excusing of corporate and institutional
siphoning of user data, the lack of constraint on military
arms sales and product promotiing wars, well, its a long list of what secret security fosters.
Believe nothing you hear about security, should be the
motto required of every peddler and advocate of it.
Alternatives to security are available but get no traction
against the hegemon.
1.0K bytes in 28 lines about:

@_date: 2011-11-23 12:39:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Transcript of Richard Stallman's Lecture   
That is a thoughtful summary of the threats and not so good
a list of what to do about them, except, whoa now, to support GNU and its ilk -- damn fundraising for freedom movements has become obnoxious, indeed not altogether different from the
enemies' advanced persistent threats now being rolled out
as the justification for funding and recruiting the best and brightest cyber warrior brothers and sisters.
There is a movement these days to warn about threats without
a convincing response to them except to urge support after
a smooth spiel. Maybe that is the tits and ass display of threat warnings.
Tits and ass-like threats -- against the populace, against nations,
against beliefs -- have long been a means to drive the people this way
and that, such that a botoxed driver is required guide the balloon.
Stallman aptly warns of system operators -- technocrats, priests,
coders, cops, spies -- being the drivers of the mechanism whether free or paid. His advice to learn how to drive yourself appears wise except it presumes there is a machine to drive. Agnosticism might work also: avoid the established mechanisms. Atheism perhaps best: avoid mechanisms, gov, mil, com, edu, org, net,
Too late to forego the narcotizing devices and markets and webs and nets, which includes paper books due to the infrastructure needed to produce and distribute them as if liberating cellphones.
Alternatives to free and paid narcotics their drug pushers exist.

@_date: 2011-11-28 06:45:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Non-governmental exploitation of crypto   
References:  If there's so let us
A fundamental characteristic of non-toy (especially unbreakable!)
encryption is that any failure is due to implementation or some
other fault beyond the cipher.
This indefensible circularity is audacious but necessary for
the illusory claims for a strong cipher.
In more recent times, another necessary illusion is that if a cipher has been broken it will be publicly revealed.
Despite the ancient concealment of vulnerabilities of
ciphersystems in order to exploit trust in them.
Then there is the argument that different standards of
cipher protection must be declared in order to determine
whether a cipher meets a standard. And this leads to
an ever receding standard for the best and a pile-up of
lesser promises unmet.
And there is a presumption that the best encryption will be expropriated by national governments and their selected
agents and must be kept out of the hands of the governed.
Hence, best ciphersystems are never revealed or disappear
from public view via official secrecy classification or NDA.
These evasions are used by cipher (and security)
snake oil peddlers to maximum advantage such that it is probably wise to consider all cipher (security) systems snake oil, or more precisely, toys requiring sophisticated marketing and exculpations of failure -- at which crypto
and official security wizards may be expected to excell.

@_date: 2011-10-07 11:37:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Perry Metzger Entrepreneur 
Perry Metzger, early cpunk, founder of Cryptography mail list, gets NY Times shoutout today as "entrepreneur," for his Google+ comment on Steve Jobs' death:
724 have Perry in their circles. Names recognizable from comsec
and financial derring-do.

@_date: 2011-10-25 08:21:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: <nettime> James Ball: The bankers' blockade of WikiLeaks must 
Despite the money machine Wikileaks has become for the thousands
exploiting its product and notoriety, it deserves maximum support in
ways that help avoid dependency upon rigged markets and leveraged
In comparison to the braggardy and IP theft of secrecy-protected 1% MSM, governments and corporations hiding behind branded
Representative Democracy, WL -- and its kind -- are genuinely supportive of direct democracy. Individual support for these initiatives is crucial to avoid the trap
of 1% funding which has enlisted millions with sinecure indulgences from gov, mil and edu -- not least those of the
hypnotic debt-swap easy loan of the Internet which allows
siphoning personal information without limit, TOR one of many
indulgences. Hopefully WL will not be revealed to be one of
those goodwill industries.
The disclosed legal expenses for Assange which appear to soon outweigh WL operating costs do not augur well for the initiative remaining unfettered democratic. No explanation of
why the legal costs are not donated -- unless they are being
used to launder money in the same old practice of claiming
"expenses" used by the 1%.
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2011-09-08 17:37:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: Goodbye, Hotmail, MSN, Live.com... 
References: Hasn't the cellphone evolved into a personal body chip more
identified with a user than email. Built-in tracking, recording,
surveilling, archiving, linking ubiquitously to a person's manifold
associates and activities, portable, unwired, often in multiple
versions, well beyond what computers do to 1984 an inmate.
These gadgets are expected to be reduced to the size of a
gnat, or much smaller, and will come attached to skin and clothing in order to command and access whatever a person
needs to interface with other persons, food, housing, transport,
6 feet under.
A nascent urge becomes a signal sent and the first ack is to Central Base to finish the thought for you and scratches your dandruff, assays its components and reminds you to
buy ABC shampoo within one hour at these imaginary locations or it will be glopped at next bathe.
Lay on the floor, don't move, not necessary, day dream and
all will come true. You will live about ten minutes or less then replaced automatically with a hot new ver. which will
be your self as dreamed by Central.
An idle dream question is who will you, everybody, resemble? An electronic datapoint, quadrillion vibrating self-pleasurably
forever. In short, a sun for a while then its opposite composed
of all the EM ever once emanated.
This is Your Rapture.

@_date: 2012-04-13 09:19:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: AES 128 in hardware under a buck 
A sends:
AES 128 in hardware under a buck
I'm currently working with low power radios in consumer electronics.  Zigbee/RF4C, Bluetooth low energy, etc.     The interesting thing is that there are chips which contain a processor, a 2.4GHz radio, and AES 128 in hardware. For a few bucks or less.  Going into things like TV remote controls.  Great for protecting your keystrokes on a qwerty remote control when using TV like a computer. Makes you wonder about AES 128. .... Also, adding a microphone (think Siri voice control) is becoming
commonplace.  Which can be fun but the microphone is in a system which can be manipulated.  As someone (DIRNSA ?) recently said, folks are bugging themselves. At least certain Sun workstations of old turned on an LED when the microphone was enabled. .... It is now trivial to make a bursted, encrypted audio bug the size of the
battery plus a little.

@_date: 2012-04-17 10:38:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Feds shutter online narcotics store that used TOR to hide   
Nice repetition of crypto deniers in the affirmation by Tor faithful that
Tor was not the weakness it was the implementation, the sysadministration,
the victims' stupidity, the wily use of informants, another unfair accusation
against Tor, a need for PR announcement that Tor was not at fault, get
right on it before the latest lie spreads.
Sure there are bugs to worked out, file this one as ticket number 38,458,
or as an update of a ticket long ago which pointed to this little problem being worked on by valiant, dedicated, secret service coders, but do not lose faith in what is good overall, re-read our statements:
A few errors does not mean the whole apparatus is not a good thing for
its believers, only that the MSM is clueless. And relentless detractors, what can be done about the pests with their puny ignorant agendas going up against those who know reputation capital is the fountainhead of moola.
Code, motherfuckers, more code to mark-up.

@_date: 2012-04-18 10:49:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Nadim Kobeissi Cryptocat Featured by NY Times 
"Cryptocat is an enabling, positive technology, and its an alternative," said Jacob Appelbaum, a developer with the Tor project, which routes Web traffic in ways that help disguise sites that people have visited. "A key thing here is that it is an experiment, with valid criticisms. Its not perfect. But it is important that we have people who are interested and knowledgeable about computer security who are working on these things, not just for money, and not just to break into peoples computers."
The group met over the weekend at a code-a-thon organized by Julia Angwin of The Wall Street Journal, which has chronicled the spread of commercial surveillance in everyday technology in a vital series of articles and engaging online demonstrations called What They Know. A recent article in Wired magazine detailed big advances in United States government surveillance capabilities. Mr. Appelbaum and a documentary filmmaker, Laura Poitras, are holding a teach-in Friday evening at the Whitney Museum of American Art on the subject of surveillance. [Tony museum to host tony geeks!]
The invention of powerful tools to thwart the commercial and governmental collection of personal data has been criticized as creating hiding places for terrorists and online sexual predators. Mr. Kobeissi said he had been startled by those complaints. "Evil people have been evil forever," he said. "I dont think theyre going to stop being evil or become more evil because of Cryptocat."
He appears to be wide open and unguarded about himself.
"I love it when people criticize me," he said, pausing for a second and then amending his words. "When they criticize me technically."
His ambitions with Cryptocat are not financial, though he is trying to raise $2,000 to cover his costs for the next year. "Money is great, money is amazing," he said. "Its not like money is something I dont understand. I understand what it is. I care more about making something nice that people can use, and its free and it makes a difference."

@_date: 2012-04-18 10:52:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Surveillance Teach-In 
Laura Poitras: Surveillance Teach-In
with Jacob Appelbaum & Special Guests
Friday, April 20, 2012  7:30 PM
Lower Gallery
Award-winning filmmaker Laura Poitras explores issues of war,
justice, and power. Her current film trilogy, focusing on America
post 9/11, documents the Iraq War, secret state surveillance, and
the suspension of the rule of law in the "war on terror." For this
evening program, she is joined by Jacob Appelbaum, computer
security researcher, privacy advocate, hacker, and human rights
activist. Together they will reveal elements of their own work to
investigate methods of surveillance as well as tools of circumvention.
Join them as they invite the audience to explore the Museum through
the lens of a Panopticon observation system.
Free with Museum admission, which is pay-what-you-wish on
Fridays from 69 pm; there are no special tickets or reservations.

@_date: 2012-04-20 10:28:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [drone-list] FAA/privacy 
Good point that deserves much greater attention, drones as good
a starting point as any other evolving surveillance technology. Fragmentation of privacy policy and enforcement among a slew of stakeholders inside and outside government allows, actually encourages, diverse, contradictory, and evasive compliance with all too flatulent aspirations for privacy forever subjected to security.
The US has no fully empowered privacy commission, presumably to allow continuous evasion of fulfilling privacy promises deliberately intended to be violated on behalf of evolving, usual secret, national interests of government and commerce. Same old BS of putting government and its contractors before taxpayers.
Secrecy, both governmental and non-governmental, remains the biggest threat to privacy and security around the globe. Secrecy
policy is a huge mess, bloated and costly, and privacy policy
cannot compete so long as the secrecy hegemon prevails.
US Patent and Trademark Office today seeks comments on
revising policy to issue secrecy orders for "economically
significant patents." Economy as vital as WMDs.
It is apt to refer to all technologies, Google, MS, Cisco, universities,
et al, which perform the dual use of user convenience and spying on users. And arguments for both being necessarily linked are specious apologias which open the door for privacy abuse under guise of security, now economical -- a segue perfect for opposing
Occupy Wall Street.
An industry has grown to eploit the two sides of privacy and
security, using the wedge of secrecy to assure secrecy always
wins over privacy in the name of law enforcement and national No privacy policy is worth a centavo due to the ever-present
flatulence about abiding with lawful requests for data access
which in turn is a cover story to hide technological access
outside the law.
Finally, it has become commonplace for technologists to
succumb to legal persuasion to lie about technological
capabilities to transgress human rights. Put a lawyer
and a technologist together and you have a duality now
ruling communications by hook and crook.
drone-list mailing list
drone-list at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.

@_date: 2012-04-30 17:54:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Hettinga et Cie Rising 
Treasury confirms the cypherpunk way of finance obscuratism:
Report on Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U/S. Securities
Cayman Islands is number 4 after China, Japan and UK at 1, 2 and 3.
Best, Number 21.5 between Russia and South Korea, are "countries unknown"
holding $138 Billion.
What countries unknown are traffica unanalyzable even with
Tor Project-like dye marker?

@_date: 2012-08-05 07:15:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Revised Liberationtech Mailing List   
References: <20120805103211.GD12615
Informative post by Seth.
But why would Google Docs be any more trustworthy than
Google search and other freebies by the Gorgon? With the
admitted cooperation of Google with authorities by law
and by commercial opportunity?
Same dubity applies to cloud servers whose biggest most
lucrative customers are governments and those most
eager to gain government favor.
The seemingly endless pursuit of the holy grail of online
security, yet remain within government protection, is daunting
if Sisyphean: the Soviet-style collectivization of hiding, exposing
and faking vulnerabilities and illusory defenses; Guevara
insurgencies of work-arounds, Cheney-like enforcing of fire
rediscovery and wheel reinvention; David Blaine levitation
of wizard coding reputations to cover deliberate back-dooring
for personal gain and patriotism; TLA-grade proliferating
outlets for inseminating infected blood into coding with
rigged modules under cover of malware combat aka as
freedom fighting for chauvinistic-tainted comsec validation
as diseased as Crypto AG.
It was for a brief period security-wise to reject any major
enterprise as a means to protect communications due to
certainty those will be compromised by commercial
interest and state protection. Now the bigger the better,
the more venal the more desirable.
Never mind the obvious trickle down from accumulated
wealth to needy researchers ready to wear whatever hats
fit ambition, personal debt, family obligations, withering
of courage, no apologies for changing camps offered.

@_date: 2012-08-08 10:50:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [ZS] IMPORTANT: Delegation, decentralization, personal    
References: <20120808141034.GR12615
Wait a minute, wasn't this long ago established as the reason for the Internet,
extending the reasons for telecommunications?
And that spying by its orginators and operators built into it in such a
way that nothing could be done to stop the spying otherwise why would
governments allow it to happen, and not only that pump huge resources
into keeping it going.
The key to getting it adopted worldwide was to assure users that valiant
freedom loving coders could find ways to beat the system. Sure, a few
failures would occur, but in the long haul it could be made secure for
users, "trust us this will work."
Why look what came along: encryption, then anonymity, then lawsuits,
then leakers, then data haverns, then traffic hiders, then privacy policies,
then social media, then more lawsuits, then "Anonynmous", then clouds,
then campaigns to beat back governmental and commercial and criminal
and "Chinese" and "Iranian" and Stuxnet attacks on all these pitiful
While in the netherworld of Internet transactions the data gobblers were
feeding at levels well below what boom-fed security coders and hackers
could access. Except the few who welcomed the chance to feed at multi-levels
of illusory security.
Those who claim Internet security is impossible due to the way the
system was designed and operates feed paranoia just like governments
warn of enemies at the gates, knowing how bread is buttered.

@_date: 2012-08-29 14:21:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [drone-list] Wired on future US military war gaming 
This appears more of the long-running bedazzlement of the public
which war gaming and futuristic toy-like killiing and harming gadgets
was invented to do. If Wired had no criticism of this it should be ashamed.
As should Brookings a once ethical organization.
Wired might give up its threat level strutting and turn to more civilizing
coverage, with less war porn. Sure readers will have to weaned from
the narcotic of play with yourself war and that will be tough with the
rise of masturbatory digital gaming so essential to train gullible
warriors to do what no sane person would do if they visited VA
hospitals grotesqueries instead of TV-watching bury-the-evidence
glorification cemetaries.
Drone pilots are as evil as SEALs and special ops in their willing
participation in political PR stunts of murdering innocents under
orders from distancing executive branch officers. War gamers
and gadget inventors and their media-amoralists are shamelessly
exploiting the WMD heritage of amoral technology and propaganda
aided by NGOs as diabolcial as GOs camouflaged by national
security inviolable sacred cow protected by secrecy.
US titanic export of arms pays for these diverting games and these
obsequious media dressed in hipster cammies, Perhaps unwrite
this very list of friendly fire.
drone-list mailing list
drone-list at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.

@_date: 2012-08-31 12:58:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: This List Is Terrorist 
On Twitter  an alleged undercover informant, is claiming
this list is an Al Qaeda affiliate based on Google hits of my posts to
cypherpunks at al-qaeda.net .
He and followers will paroxysm when Andy Greenberg's book is released
on September 13, 2012:
Be thankful the due date is not 9/11.
The SEAL political PR stunt book release was moved from 9/13 to 9/7,
continuation of the OBL/Al Qaeda political PR stunt begun in the 1970s,
but latest installment now leaking copiously boosted by DoD threat of a
law suit, and DoJ cessation of any CIA prosecution for the decades-long
thriller, the agency's best ever, 100s complicit, 1000s dead,
millions fooled, billions squandered.
CIA sings joyously "tomorrow will always be 9/12."

@_date: 2012-12-01 08:06:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Julian Assange: Cryptographic Call to Arms 
Julian's 7-page introduction to "Cypherpunks: Future and Freedom of
the Internet," titled "A Cryptographic Call to Arms."
Our review of the book:
A pretty good book well above the usual journalistic skim-coating
of crypto influence on technology, politics, economics. Reminds
that most publication on crypto is not by the actors but by
word smith marketers of publicity and reputation. Some of
that in the book, but offers exceptionally astute observations
among the four panelists who don't always agree. A wee bit
of humor, a bit more about Manning, a good bit of flattery of
Julian, and zero about the Swedish cloud overhanging Julian
in favor of obsession with US threats.
Jeremie Zimmermann is quite thoughtful and eloquent. Pay
attention to his comments.
Jacob Appelbaum calls the three youngsters "third-generation
cypherpunks." And pukes over the Navy cheerleading hacker
trainees with patriotic bombast.
Andy Muller-Murhgum notes the diversity in those opposing
authority by contrasts Italian hackers love of food with the
German hackers love of structure.
Julian's cloaking the book in Cypherpunks couture is worth

@_date: 2012-12-05 13:23:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Assange-WikiLeaks Crypto Arms Call Triple Cross 
Assange-WikiLeaks Crypto Arms Call Triple Cross
Applying cryptography's bag of tricks to Julian Assange's
introduction to the new book, Cypherpunks: Freedom and the
Future of the Internet, entitled "A Call to Cryptographic Arms,"
it could be taken as a "A Cryptographic Call to Arms," that is,
an encrypted warning contained within the plain text.
Assange and WikiLeaks, like cypherpunks, is masterfully wily
at practicing the characteristic cryptography feature of duplicity,
never revealing what is going on beneath public assurances of
Assange and WikiLeaks, like cypherpunks, invoke open-closed
cryptographic duplicity as his personal behavior and as the policy
of the WikiLeaks initiative. Concealing, obscuring and diverting
his personal affairs while seeking publicity, and concealing,
obscuring and diverting the inner affairs of the operation  for
disclosing documents openly. This is cryptography in action.
In the same fashion Assange-WikiLeaks has periodically published
encrypted packages as "insurance" against takedown, it has also
released the unredacted State Department cables by way of a
complicated, presumably, orchestrated, leak. The leak of the
password to the cable collection by giving it to journalists to
publish is a classic instance of cryptographic dupery.
Cryptography formulates threats, ruses, disclosures, ploys,
diversions, deceptions, double-crosses, triple-crosses to hide
strengths and weaknesses, attacks and defenses, lies and
dissimulations, assurances of innocence and candor.
Crypto AG is a classic instance of NSA deception, among many,
to install a backdoor in a widely adopted encrypted system, then
leaked decades later as a warning to those who think they can
obtain fully secure communication systems.
A recent example if that of open source cryptography promoted
as means to verify encryption systems by public disclosure and
examination. Its shortcoming, and virtue to the wily, is that far
from all cryptographers subscribe to the sharing venture -- notably
those associated with governments, corporations and mendacious
individual efforts, instead take open source and not reveal what is
found of its weaknesses (to be exploited in secret) nor what is done
with the gift. US spies have admitted they take open source but do
not give back.
The same could be said of leak sites, anonymizers, IRC, news and
mail groups, social media, Skype, varieties of comsec offerings, and
the Internet itself among its many levels of access. Offer services,
free, paid, purloined or onioned, for which the take is much greater
than the offerings -- the standard asymmetric-warfare model, derived
from governance, education, non-profits and history's all-time leader,
religion, the latter exceeded only by wily hyenas patrolling the herd
to mount novel attacks to take down over-confident herdmasters.
Cryptographers do not trust one another. Cypherpunks triple cross
as ruse.
Consider that the Assange-WikiLeaks book Cypherpunks is a
cryptographic ruse which conveys an encrypted body of secrets,
additional insurance against the takedown of Assange and WikiLeaks
to be declared after the volume is widely distributed in print and
e-book form. A modern Lutherian proclamation of open and
encrypted dissent against the corruption of closed and secret
Further, imagine that Assange-WikiLeaks is planting encrypted
bits in all its releases which can be decrypted at a future time,
to re-assemble into a larger disclosure. In the world of cryptography
this would be expected.  Cypherpunks advocate this encrypted
concealment, dispersion, distribution and future coalescence.
Pre-positioning attacks and defenses well before they are needed
is conventional warfare -- as well as political, economic and
philosophical enterprise. Cypherpunks, before, during and after
WikiLeaks, has pre-positioned encrypted packs of arms demurely
clothed in dissent from and opposition to governance, finance and
This cryptographic call to arms is a triple-cross under a double-cross
planted in roots of trust, openness masquerading for multi-level
deception, in short, the essence of heavily-armored cryptography.

@_date: 2012-12-10 16:04:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Assange-WikiLeaks Crypto Arms Call Triple Cross 
References:    <1354758955.23240.1.camel  <50C014B5.5020304   <1354766969.23240.20.camel   <0FD15747-53E4-4449-9CCD-0413CA8162F0 Cryptome has published more on Assange and WikiLeaks
than any other source except for WikiLeaks itself. Few have
examined the initiative's whole body of material and promotional
enterprise. Now that Assange has cloaked himself and the
three others in the cypherpunks/cryptography mantle I think
his shit-storm is coming this way.
I agree with putting distance between what has happened in
cypherpunks Vegas from what is brewing in DoJ. More of
that is probably a good thing. That was the purpose of the
screed against Assange's insurance entrapment via weak
crypto meant to be cracked with leak-fed access.
For edification read the JA-WL behavior in the fuller context
of cypherpunks and forget the easily dismissed summary.
Assange is playing the cypherpunks card for a purpose that
deserves scrutiny if for no other reason than to avoid being
sucked into his practice of taking credit for wins and shifting
blame to others when the chips are down. That is why he
proclaims to be a privileged journalist after years of disparaging
the corruption of that crowd.
Cypherpunks/cryptography vaunting may be part of a past,
present or future plea arrangement or more likely a
turning of the coat. Where else has this been better
predicted than on cypherpunks, yay, even encouraged
to cut the deal of ratting on colleagues.

@_date: 2012-12-18 08:02:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Why we all have a stake in the Freedom of the Press   
References: <20121218080351.GZ9750
A worthy initiative for the press.
Unfortunately press is only one means of freedom of expression,
speech, writing, demonstration, opposition, dissent and creative
trouble-making-- and hardly objective due to its commercial
objective and very loud-mouth, conceit, craven to power and
vanity bred by constituional protection of its risk-averse cartel.
Press has generated too many fortunes to be singled out for
crowd-sourced support.
Freedom of the Press is way too limiting, but then that is the
nature of its organizers and board members. The rich ones
in particular are notabably uninvolved in acitivities that
would threaten their wealth and freedom to lord it over
the poor fans being urged to crowd-fund just like venal
politicians who also adore the press for amplifying their
campaigns for dumping crocks of shit on the public.
Far better would be for a huge increase in disorganized
initiatives of the unruly crowd far from being controlled
and exploited by lucrative investment in "crowd-sourcing."
Watch out for the crowd-sourcing predators driving the
market in the cloud, the latest invention for spying on
and profiling the public for marketing profits.
Dan Gillmor has been had by his friends, at best, at
worst, complicit in the  market boosting deception
of obedient crowds.

@_date: 2012-01-17 13:58:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Safer submission of content to news     
O'Brien is right that no trustworthy anonymity is possible over a public network like the Internet due to the basic design of
the Internet to track its use. At best there are varying degrees
of trustworthiness such as Tor-like widgets, the semi-classified
milnet and intelnets, somewhat isolated nets like BlackNet and Darknet, partially-hidden encrypted paths, kind of cloaked
nets, ineptly-cloaked multi-level proxies and subterfuges, and
more that proffer protection but suffer in all cases from limiting
adjectives of partiality and depending upon outwitting a user
and an opponent by preening, obscuritism black magic formulas, algorithmic daredevilry, superlative-slathered acronymic technology for quasi-concealed transmission beyond belief. This is not to say that the legacy means of shoe leather, deep
throats, drops, brown packages, cranium crypto, homing
pigeons, "unbreakable math," were any less porous or less
subject to dreamy exaggeration, black bagging, bribes,
sex stings, vanity and stupidity.
What hope for noble journalism (not the same as cranky, cantakerous, paranoid, ill-paid journalists) remains, though, is the gullibility of sources to believe their risk is protected by journalistic ethics as good as those of lawyers, doctors, architects, bankers, officials and BFFs.
"Sources" is an asymmetrical term of artifice not to be believed. STFU or publish yourself or be gulled by the allure
of never-anonymous infame.
"Liberationtech," too, smells of tech sting.

@_date: 2012-01-20 09:21:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Megaupload.com seized 
References:    <20120120103253.GX21917 Harking back to the Echelon era, it is worth noting that those
five countries - US, UK, AU, CA, NZ - are in the forefront of mega-managing the security of the Internet, no doubt refining and expanding the technological tools and sneaky extra-legal practices to work their combined will on global communications.
Gaining access to MegaUpload's emails, business records and
financial affairs likely required several multi-jurisdictional actions not only by the Echelon partners by also by allies such as those in NATO.
As often discussed here, the use of military capabilities developed
for national security for civilian criminal affairs matters is amply indicated in the MegaUpload indictment.
Indicting in the US, in particular in the Eastern District of Virginia,
the pre-eminent national security court, also indicates a bias
toward national security undergirding arguments for economic
security threat. That too was often debated here in the crypto
wars of the 1990s.
Recent defense funding authorization of holding alleged
terrorists indefinitely, keeping Gitmo alive, SOPA, PIPA, MegaUpload, Bradley Manning, WikiLeaks, huge funding
increases for openly hiring hackers and paying those undecover to rat on cohorts, also reminds of the extra-legalities
and betrayals of the early public crypto era.
to beat government, then gradual co-optation by legal
threats, bribes, scholarships, contracts, stigma, isolation,
betrayals, call that the After Echelon Option -- it should be expected that the same means and methods will be used in cyber wars, offense and defense mutually aggrandizing
one another.
Note that there have been a slew of seeming public interest
comsec initiatives in recent years to address cyber threats combined with threats to privacy. Observing the particpants in these there are quite a few recognizable warriors from the crypto-comsec-privacy wars. Fine minds and good hearts still proposing technological solutions to the issues, warning of legal if not military oppostion. Ginning up more technical fixes to comsec and privacy, reminding of past errors and promises gone awry, sniping at one another, admitting NDA withholdings, parading an impressive list of corporate domains after the nyms.
Optimistically, using the wind down of the Cold War as
a precedent, when crypto wizards came of out of classified
realms due to decline of nat sec jobs, the wind down of GWOT could lead to comsec wizards coming out of similarly classified realms to aid civilians against those remaining in the world
of secrecy worldwide.
It would be a swell outcome of classified research to heed
its inherent dual use once again on the dual use Internet:
between those who want to control it with an iron hand
of government and commerce and those who want to free it from
that hand. That will depend upon who gets paid to betray
the public and those who defend the public.
It is not easy to tell who is who since both copy one another's
language, behavior and promises -- most of the charges
against MegaUpload could be applied to government and
commerce. Call that Mega Echelon Option.

@_date: 2012-07-03 18:40:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell Released from Prison 
Jim was released March 12, 2012:
Taken from a long article on Bitcoin in IEEE Spectrum, June 2012, which
credits 1992 cypherpunks for Bitcoin foundation:

@_date: 2012-07-30 12:44:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [tor-relays] Call for discussion: turning funding into   
References: <20120730144855.GL12615
Tor-talk unsubbed me yesterday, probably for publishing on Cryptome
Eugen's forward of this thread's initial message from Roger Dingledine,
with our additional pointers to enduring USG funding of the Tor Project.
That Tor Project has enlisted many dedicated participants around the
world is most admirable. If it was not so jingoistic and US-promotional
it would be a crowd-source service deserving of trustworthiness.
Its long-time funding by the USG propanda agency, the Broadcast Board
of Govenors, as well as several front organizations, is not to be overlooked
by incessant braggardy, technical conceit and thin-skinnedness by its
spokespersons, primarily majordomos Andrew Newman and Jacob
Appelbaum, now joined by sub-lieutenants to admit not serious faults
in the system. (The inventors and most capable technologists of Tor
do not exaggerate its virtues.)
Tor Project's duplicity reminds of ICANN and a slew of other USG TLA to maintain control of the Internet while espousing a US-centric version
of information freedom which actually serves as a component of the
US national security regime.
State Department brags of the thousands of info fighters it is subsidizing,
and NSA is openly recruiting hackers. It should be assumed that the TLAs
have co-opted Anonymous-like initiatives in concert with pernicious
sockpuppetry in social media.
Tor Project would benefit from escaping USG financial clutches, albeit
difficult if dependency has become inured. The proposal to expand USG
funding for exit relays -- its most vulnerable and compromisable aspect --
is a gift horse needing a dental check before buying in.

@_date: 2012-06-05 06:11:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Begat WikiLeaks 
The Assange Show on RT tonight, June 5, covers Cypherpunks
as source of WikiLeaks:
RT blurb:
-Cypherpunks is a movement originating from
Cypherpunks Electronic Mailing List, which was
set up by activists aiming to improve Internet
privacy and security through proactive use of
cryptography. The movement has been active since
the late 1980s. WikiLeaks is one of the many projects derived from
A furious invisible war over our society is
underway. Finer technologies to collect netizens
private data pop up every week  and what now
exactly is private? Julian Assange asks his
Cypherpunk guests: is the worlds future tied to the Internet?
-WikiLeaks founder, Julian Assange, gets back in
touch with the Cypherpunks movement to discuss
the unseen battlefield  the Internet: how cyber
wars are no longer a sheer paranoid fantasy, how
your life turns into goods sold at the market,
why a math problem is not exactly a problem when
private data is concerned and what the best
antidote is to political storytelling.
"A furious invisible war" is no longer a poetic
comparison, you will find out, and this is a battle in your backyard.

@_date: 2012-03-03 07:07:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 8107 odell rd 
References: Although the sign likely does not say so, that entrance is to a State Department-CIA communications facility. Another entrance nearby goes to the CIA-NSA Special Collections Service which develops the technology and prepares and
runs operations for black bag and bugging jobs. This has
a pretty detailed description with names and titles of
personnel a few years back:
Bing.com/maps has oblique views

@_date: 2012-03-27 10:25:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [drone-list] Afghan Drone Savagery Report Released 
Centcom.mil released on 22 March 2012 a declassifed 2,100-page report
on drone slaughter of 23 Afghan non-combatants - men, women, children -
in February 2010, blamed on Creech AFB pilots over-enthusiasticly calling in Hellfires on a 3-vehicle civilian convoy.
Minutely detailed descriptions are provided of how drones are directed from
screeners at Centcom and pilots at Creech AFB using a battery of secure
communications devices: IRC chat, radio, video, satellites, VOIP, telephone,
not all of which are coordinated and supervised and thus lead to disaster.
Pilots of choppers which fired the Hellfire missiles claim drone operators
cannot be trusted due to lack of contact with real world conditions on
the ground and because mission controllers at Creech reward "Top Gun"
Caution of screeners at Centcom and in Afghanistan in this case were overridden by drone operators at Creech to authorize kinetic action
against the civilians. As one military interviewee said: from the safety
of Creech drone pilots were too avid for kills and used the Tom Cruise
Top Gun appellation to describe their "juvenile" behavior.
The whole report is worth reading and promulgating to counter the PR machinery promoting drones as safe-kill from afar. Interviews of the civilians writhing painfully in hospitals probably won't get much press.
Here are a couple of small excerpts:
 (summary of the report)
 (hospital interview)
drone-list mailing list
drone-list at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.

@_date: 2012-03-27 10:49:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [drone-list] Afghan Drone Savagery Report Released - URL 
The full 2,100-page report released by Centcom on drone killing
of Afghan civilians due to pilot zealotry:
The multi-part file is about 153MB total.
This is the Centcom FOIA website which can be difficult to
access at times.
drone-list mailing list
drone-list at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.

@_date: 2012-05-18 06:32:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Pittsburgh Bombing Threats and Mix-Master 
References: <20120518080733.GF17120
The only people making threats online are either idiots or agents
This applies to all anonymizing and traffic hiding services, all
of which are compromised, witting or unwitting, the more popular
and trusted the greater the compromise. Lesson one of comsec,
trusted systems are the best source for entrapment.
No trap works better than to promise confidentiality, untraceability,
anonymity, invulnerable communications, slathered with endorsements
by best of reputations, vast numbers of users, webs of trust, face-to-face
key signings, bragging about never being breached except for an
obligatory caution that no system is absolutely secure, beware of
faulty implementation -- the favorite exculpation of designers and
promoters chanting "unavoidable fixes underway, be patient, help
us test and improve. sign up for volunteering into our database of
the willing to sacrifice nymity for being part of something very, very
important to freedom."

@_date: 2012-05-27 00:09:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: This Machine Kills Secrets: How WikiLeakers, Cypherpunks, and   
This Machine Kills Secrets: How WikiLeakers, Cypherpunks,
and Hacktivists Aim to Free the World's Information [Hardcover]
Andy Greenberg
Publication Date: September 13, 2012
The barbarians aren't at the gates. They're inside. This is the first full
account of the cypherpunks who aim to free the world's information,
from the Forbes reporter whose work has traced their history and future.
What is the machine that kills secrets?
WikiLeaks brought to light a new form of whistleblowing, using
powerful cryptographic code to hide leakers' identities while
they spill the private data of government agencies and corporations.
But that technology has been evolving for decades in the hands of
hackers and radical activists, from the libertarian enclaves of
Northern California to Berlin to the Balkans. And the secret-killing
machine continues to evolve beyond WikiLeaks, as a movement
of hacktivists aims to obliterate the world's institutional secrecy.
This is the story of the code and the characters -- idealists,
anarchists, extremists -- who are transforming the next generation's
notion of what activism can be.
With unrivaled access to such major players as Julian Assange,
Daniel Domscheit-Berg, and WikiLeaks' shadowy engineer known
as the Architect, never before interviewed, reporter Andy Greenberg
unveils the world of politically-motivated hackers -- who they are
and how they operate.

@_date: 2012-05-29 09:51:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: John Brennan is a person of genuine moral rectitude, a priest   
References: <20120529125556.GJ17120
Some critics of the drone strategy still vilify
Mr. Brennan, suggesting that he is the C.I.A.s
agent in the White House, steering Mr. Obama to a
targeted killing strategy. But in office, Mr.
Brennan has surprised many former detractors by
speaking forcefully for closing Guantanamo and respecting civil liberties.
Harold H. Koh, for instance, as dean of Yale Law
School was a leading liberal critic of the Bush
administrations counterterrorism policies. But
since becoming the State Departments top lawyer,
Mr. Koh said, he has found in Mr. Brennan a principled ally.
"If John Brennan is the last guy in the room with
the president, Im comfortable, because Brennan
is a person of genuine moral rectitude," Mr. Koh
said. "Its as though you had a priest with
extremely strong moral values who was suddenly charged with leading a war."

@_date: 2012-10-05 09:29:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cryptoanarchy Fear-rousing 
References: <20120927093040.GZ9750
Fear-rousing by Andy Greenberg on cypherpunks and
cryptoanarchy as origin of WikiLeaks and kind. Fingers
Tim May as the mastermind.
Not much about the public benefits of cryptoanarchy, mostly a
capitalist smear on behalf of governments with the mantra
"governments need some secrets."

@_date: 2012-10-24 07:20:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Federal interception of CIA emails to    
References: <20121024080943.GK9750
Journalists lack of comsec has always been the weakest link of
unauthorized disclosures.
Worse is the more pervasive comsec lack by the lazy
overly privileged and coddled publishing industry: publishers, attorneys,
permanent and temporary staff, janitors, visitorsm, messengers, wives
and husbands, children and friends asked to guide parents with
computers, housekeepers, ISPs, cellphone providers and those
pesky pests, insiders and black-baggers working the industry since
it was created and sustained to be all too trustworthy by spies and
The miscreants deserve Scarlet Letters, since they seldom risk
punishment, not for publishing courage but for comsec negligence
and a persistent flood of leaks for which they put others at
risk with callous indifference bred by arrogance and constitutional
Assange made four comsec mistakes: trusting new staff and
fair weather friends, believing best friends in the press would
protect him, believing confidential lawyers, then believing
national leaders -- all of them major leakers, social engineers
and targets of spies. What Lamo social engineered out of Manning
is kid stuff by comparison for the industries that thrive and
get rich on siphoning and leaking information.
Never communicate with a member of the media, legal and
political gangs who will sacrifice you and avidly exploit your
cowering in a bolt hole or molderng at Leavenworth and
eagerly expect lengthy trials for more gush and actionable
intelligence on supporters, protestors, bloggers, journos,
and us blathering here and where else but Tor, the biggest
honey trap since religion.

@_date: 2012-10-25 11:24:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: "we can't possibly kill everyone who wants to harm us" but  
References: <20121025141324.GY9750
Greenwald's over-heated rhetoric reminds of Assange rushing
from a staff meeting about his disdain of practicality while
claiming melodramatically he has "two wars to fight."
Greenwald has zero comprehension of the machinery,
tactics, logistics, manpower, funding of large-scale warmaking.
And only a bit of the "laws of war." Instead, he maneuvers
media quotations in battle array, tabletop war gaming like
think tank epicenes -- like litigators facilely fuming for the jury.
Drones have become the new encryption fad wherein coders,
bloggers and journalists believe themselves empowered to
engage in global political struggles with mastery of coding
combat and rhetorical war fighting about toy aircraft while
the mass killing devices are ignored hovering over the
little planes, protecting their airspace.
Recall the delirium when it was bruited that encryption was
a munitons right up there with ICBMs, aircraft carriers, B52s
and Abrams tanks. Recall Tor as a valiant tool to liberate
communications for freedom fighter though meticulously
surveilled and protected by full spectrum dominance of
US military might.
Drones are being treated like the toys of Bob the Builder,
simulacra of horrific slaughtering machines, but at a scale
an armchair warrior can believe in just like the arm-chaired
drone operators, and, coders breaking Big Balls a the
desktop, or more recently, Anonymous and Lulzsec panicking
the giant corporations -- or so the rhetoricians exult.
Fine, let them playact being adults "fighting wars" while killing
and maiming by means beyond their control continue to expand
their mass targetings and consume even greater portions of
the world's economy.
Corresponding to the rise in militarism is the avid participation
in futile opposition by those with no direct experience in
brutal warfare but rely upon quoting each other's baseless
rhetoric of opposition to seduce readers and fans just like
them who play war games in media, on consoles, in code and in
complicit cowardice to take no physical action against warmakers
amply protected by freedom of expression.
Lawful they always remain caged by ineffective taunts and
rhetorical braggardy. Formulaic for writers, algorithmic for
security coders. Hands always out for the king's coin.

@_date: 2012-10-30 08:36:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Finally the Computer-Internet Security Racket is Exposed 
Peter Neumann proposes killing computers and the Internet to start over
and build something far worse to meticulously track every nano-bite of digital
communications with unrevocable, implanted encrypted ID in every device to
authenticate ID of users.
DARPA, who else, is funding the work to kill anonymity and privacy for,
ta da, national security racketeering.
The bountiful cyberwar mongerers are delirious with support for their
job security of predicting evermore Pearl Harbors, amply protected by
secrecy of "defensive" USG cyber aggression.
Dr. Neumann is a great generation advocate to bless this takeover
makeover. He was there at the beginning of the last one which
never, quote, offered security, thus leading to a multi-billion
dollar industry of snake oil. No, not national security oil, its
bastard children of cyber oilers.
None of those deliberately-deceptive-comsec creeps have ever been
here, whew, only on RISKS.

@_date: 2012-10-31 17:12:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA and the exchanges 
References: <20121031195921.GJ9750
Under the decades-old five-party surveillance agreement --
US, UK, CA, AU and NZ, also known as Echelon -- the nations
share information and swap staff. They also spy on each other's
citizens when barred from doing so directly.
The tricky part is if an temporary NSA staff member in CA is sitting next to
a CA member spying on US citizens (same for the roles swapped)
is there a literal firewall between the two's computers as well as
physically between the staff, or is that handled by lawyers waving
magic wands, as do the CIA's lawyers finger a drone target.
The other tricky part is what is called "de minimus" spying on
citizens where if a signal of a banned target is "inadvertently"
acquired how thoroughly is the signal quashed. One version
says that the spying agency archives the signal, indefinitely,
and does not distribute to customers (unless winked by
lawyers), but is everready to retrieve the signal should
circumstances and secret presidential orders demand
as with the EFF/ATT/NSA affair.
Utah Data Center is reportedly being built to store virtually
unlimited amounts of data and signal in the expectation that
everything may become useful at some point, with newly
born algorithms sifting for overlooked needles.
In this sense, it is reasonable to assume that Echelon has
been superceded by secret laws allowing the spies to do
whatever is needed to spy their citizens and anybody else --
leaving open-ended what "needed" means to avoid another
Pearl Harbor, OMG!
Perpetual war justifies this full-dominance pan-survellience,
as recently reported in WaPo with respect to drones and
the spying acquiring citizen targets, including those of
the five-parties who foolishly question authority with
the expectation that freedom of expression is inviolable.
Nothing in this is new: nations have been doing this since
nationhood was invented to delude citizens into believing
royal secrecy and greed was over not insitutionalized
in the world's spying machines, aka, telecommunications,
Internet, Tor, encryption, anonymizers, WOT, human
rights initiatives, cyber-freedom fighting.
One way to de minimizing yourself is to work for the
spies, so the recruiters promise, however, only later
do you learn about how they spy on insiders -- for life,
using the tried and true means and methods of
ex-spies sent out to join the outsiders with tales
of despicable spyng by methods intendd to deflect
deeper inquiry.

@_date: 2012-09-02 09:20:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: SCS whitewashed from wikipedia 
References: Informative, much. We'll try to add some of the stuff deleted, see what happens.
Retrieved from Archive and posted the 1999 Village Voice piece on SCS with
note about the whitewash:

@_date: 2012-09-12 18:17:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [drone-list] End-Use Monitoring on Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Exports 
Agencies Could Improve Information Sharing and End-Use Monitoring on  Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Exports
Full 58-page report, PDF: GAO-12-536, Jul 30, 2012
What GAO Found
Since 2005, the number of countries that acquired an unmanned aerial  vehicle (UAV) system nearly doubled from about 40 to more than 75. In  addition, countries of proliferation concern developed and fielded  increasingly more sophisticated systems. Recent trends in new UAV  capabilities, including armed and miniature UAVs, increased the number of military applications for this technology. A number of new civilian and commercial applications, such as law enforcement and environmental monitoring, are available for UAVs, but these applications are limited by regulatory restrictions on civilian airspace.
The United States likely faces increasing risks as countries of concern and terrorist organizations seek to acquire UAV technology. Foreign countries' and terrorists' acquisition of UAVs could provide them with increased abilities to gather intelligence on and conduct attacks against U.S. interests. For instance, some foreign countries likely have already used UAVs to gather information on U.S. military activities overseas. Alternatively, the U.S. government has determined that selected transfers of UAV technology support its national security interests by providing allies with key capabilities and by helping retain a strong industrial base for UAV production. For instance, the United Kingdom and Italy have used UAVs purchased from the United States to collect data on Taliban activity in Afghanistan.
The United States has engaged in multilateral and bilateral diplomacy to address UAV proliferation concerns. The United States principally engaged the Missile Technology Control Regime (MTCR) to address multilateral UAV proliferation concerns. Since 2005, the United States proposed certain significant changes to address how MTCR controls UAVs, but members could not reach a consensus for these changes. Also, while the Wassenaar Arrangement (Wassenaar) controls the export of some key dual-use UAV components, it does not control other dual-use technologies that are commonly used in UAVs. The Department of State (State) has also used diplomatic cables to address the proliferation of UAV-related technologies bilaterally. State provided to GAO about 70 cables that it sent from January 2005 to September 2011 addressing UAV-related concerns to about 20  governments and the MTCR. Over 75 percent of these cables focused on  efforts by a small number of countries of concern to obtain UAV technology.
U.S. agencies coordinate in several ways to control the spread of UAV  technology, but could improve their UAV-related information sharing. For instance, an interagency group reviews many license applications to export UAV technology. However, there is not a formal mechanism to ensure that licensing agencies have relevant and timely intelligence information when making licensing decisions. Also, State's licensing database cannot provide aggregate data on military UAV exports State has authorized, which may impair the U.S. government's ability to oversee the release of sensitive UAV technology. The Department of Defense (DOD) and State each conduct end-use monitoring of some UAV exports, but differences in the agencies' programs may result in similar types of items being subject to different levels of oversight.
drone-list mailing list
drone-list at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.

@_date: 2012-09-14 16:08:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [drone-list] GAO: Addressing Privacy Concerns for Integration of 
Full report: Unmanned Aircraft Systems: Measuring Progress and Addressing Potential Privacy Concerns Would Facilitate Integration into the National Airspace GAO-12-981, Sep 14, 2012
What GAO Found
Progress has been made, but additional work is needed to overcome many of the obstacles to the safe integration of unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) that GAO identified in 2008. GAO reported in 2008 that UAS could not meet the aviation safety requirements developed for manned aircraft and that this posed several obstacles to safe and routine operation in the national airspace system. These obstacles still exist and include the inability for UAS to sense and avoid other aircraft and airborne objects in a manner similar to manned aircraft; vulnerabilities in the command and control of UAS operations; the lack of technological and operational standards needed to guide safe and consistent performance of UAS; and final regulations to accelerate the safe integration of UAS into the national airspace system. The Joint Planning and Development Office of the FAA has provided UAS stakeholders with a framework to collaborate and coordinate their UAS integration efforts.
Congress set forth specific requirements and deadlines in the FAA  Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 for FAA to safely accelerate UAS  integration. FAA, in coordination with stakeholders, has begun making  progress toward completing those requirements, but has missed one deadline and could miss others. Many of the requirements entail significant work, including completing planning efforts and issuing a final rule for small UAS. Most of the requirements are to be achieved by December 2015. While FAA has taken steps to meet them, it is uncertain when the national airspace system will be prepared to accommodate UAS given that these efforts are occurring simultaneously and without monitoring to assess the quality of progress over time toward the deadlines Congress established. Better monitoring can help FAA understand what has been achieved and what remains to be done and can also help keep Congress informed about this significant change to the aviation landscape.
Concerns about national security, privacy, and the interference in Global Positioning-System (GPS) signals have not been resolved and may influence acceptance of routine access for UAS in the national airspace system. The Department of Homeland Security's (DHS) Transportation Security Administration (TSA) has the authority to regulate security of all modes of transportation, including non-military UAS. Working with FAA and other federal agencies, TSA implements security procedures, such as airspace restrictions like those limiting operations into and out of Ronald Reagan National Airport. In 2008, GAO recommended that TSA examine the security  implications of non-military UAS. According to a TSA official, it recently reviewed its UAS related advisories and determined that they are still applicable. TSA has not provided information on its efforts to mitigate security implications of UAS, and GAO believes TSA should act on this recommendation. Stakeholder privacy concerns include the potential for increased amounts of government surveillance using technologies placed on UAS, the collection and use of such data, and potential violations of constitutional Fourth Amendment protections against unreasonable search and seizures. Currently, no federal agency has specific statutory responsibility to regulate privacy matters relating to UAS for the entire federal government. Some stakeholders have suggested that DHS or the Department of Justice (DOJ) might be better positioned to address privacy issues since they generally stem from the operational uses of UAS for governmental surveillance and law enforcement purposes. Working proactively to address security and privacy concerns could help prevent further delays in UAS integration. Finally, non-military UAS GPS signals are unencrypted, risking potential interruption of the command and control of UAS.
drone-list mailing list
drone-list at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.

@_date: 2012-09-16 10:32:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI Has No Files on Cypherpunks 
Federal Bureau of Investigation
September 10, 2012
FOIPA Request No. 1198150-00
"Based the information you provided we conducted a search of
the Central Records System. We were unable to identify main file
records responsive to the FOIA."
Now with one record, our emailed FOIA request:
August 31, 2012
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Attn: FOI/PA Request
Record/Information Dissemination Section
170 Marcel Drive
Winchester, VA 22602-4843
Dear FBI FOIA Office,
Under provisions of the FOIA I request any and all FBI records on the
group "Cypherpunks" affiliated with the online Cypherpunk Mail List
established in 1992 and continuing to the present.
A description of the Cypherpunks group and some of its members,
including me, is available on Wikipedia:
This material will be published on the public education website
Cryptome.org of which I am the administrator.
I agree to pay for costs associated with this request as provided by
the FOIA.
Thank you very much.
John Young
251 West 89th Street
New York, NY

@_date: 2012-09-20 10:34:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: This Machine Kills Secrets 
Here are the book's contents, list of characters, and index:
Not a few in the book will regret talking to Greenberg and might
seek revenge using cpunks wizardry and subterfuge against
the author and Forbes. Smells of a smear by the capitalist fools.
Pretty good Wired-level read, above average on the tech, but
marred by the personal slop, authorial preening and evasion of
inconvenient truth which are now obligatory among craven
journalists running scared of their salacity-demanding fans,
censorious lawyers and immoral publishers.
While that is not news here, Greenberg managed to breach
defenses by MTMing targets induced to finger one another.
Personal stuff allegedly revealed by Greenberg's "characters"
Tim May, John Gilmore, Phil Zimmermann and Mudge, for example,
might arouse gossip-loving readers to hoot and holler. Formulaic
padding about WikiLeaks and hangers-on is rancid recycling
still being massively churned to entice rabid book sellers and
advertizers sustaining Forbe's fortune.

@_date: 2012-09-22 13:01:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tim May on This Machine Kills Secrets 
References: Tim May posted a review of This Machine Kills Secret on
Amazon on September 14, 2012:
"Reads Like a Good Novel"

@_date: 2012-09-22 19:58:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tim May on This Machine Kills Secrets 
References:   <505E18CF.6010809
If it was fame, it was fleeting, so fleet I missed the benefits
and got only the cesspool backflow.

@_date: 2013-04-10 13:49:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [tp] Anti-government extremist groups reach record levels   
References: <20130410153904.GZ6172
Ah, return to the good old days pre-911 when domestic extremists
replaced domestic communists to assure internal security for
the internal security consortia. Hackers combined with hate
groups fit the bill for unwitting complicity with rogue states.
What is the symbiosis between WikiLeaks, the KKK, Communism,
Jihad and the Internet.
Insider informants, outsider watchers, coerced turncoats,
guilty pleaders, agents provocateurs, whisperers to media,
congressional testifiers, novel technology to generate and
penetrate devilish plots, covertly authorized unauthorized
disclosures by journo lunches with spy chiefs, beef up of black
budgets, moans about cut-backs to legacy money pits, more
secrecy coupled with proclamations of more openness to
protect democracy from hidden undemocratic enemies
exploiting US open society to manipulate gullible citizens.
Just when the tide appears to be turning in favor of Assange
and Manning, comes a recycled threat of extremism empowered
by new technology, social media and anonymity.

@_date: 2013-04-20 07:39:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [drone-list] Drones & the Boston Bombings 
Properly cleansed pressure cookers do not emit explosive scent for
dogs to sense. That's in the mom-bomb manual and in other IED
guides. And in drug running tips. Dogs are now security theater
like armored vehicles, blue lights, ninja couture, mercenaries, and
inevitable preening press conferences which never produce useful
information due to "ongoing investigations."
Lock-downs are somewhat new, not unprecedented, and great PR,
and more can be expected unless there is protest rather than
police-cheering crowds which appear orchestrated by the media,
as more cheerleaders rush from their TV sets to join in.
The thermal imaging from a chopper could be a cover for drone doing
the same. Choppers, drones, crowd sourcing of images, along with
100 times more cops than needed, will be blockbuster shows in the
future -- for a while, then boring for being over-milked like talking
heads and bouncing, arm waving reporters positioned in front of
the domestic war hardware.
Now why would any right-minded media not exploit this, why would
we not consume it, puke it back at each other, point out the idiocy,
ridicule the pointers. Has this not been common practice since
day one of upright walking, mandible thumbs were configured
to bark and hurl rocks at the noisy barkers then elect them leaders
of the pack and cut their throats when they took our youngsters
to fight their competitors?
Want to unsubscribe? Want to receive a weekly digest instead of daily emails? Change your preferences:    or email companys at stanford.edu

@_date: 2013-04-24 08:16:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [DIYbio] legality of distributing pdfs or hard copy papers? 
References: <20130424085315.GX15179
Other points on DMCA notices:
There is a growing racket in sending invalid DMCA notices.
Many are bluffs to intimidate alleged violators not familiar with
requirements for validity (validity itself is wide open to abuse
under DMCA law).
There are firms trolling for copyright notices who send phony
DMCA notices and then notify the copyright holder of a catch,
with an invoice. Unwary copyright holders think this is a good
thing until they read the invoice.
A DMCA notice sent to an alleged violator alone is not sufficient,
it must be sent to the ISP which is required to notify the alleged
violator for a response.
ISPs get innumerable DMCA notices as fishing expeditions and
are pissed at the unsubstantiated fakery which instigates an
automatic, human-free process. DMCA law permits the fakery
and puts the burden on the alleged violator to prove innocence.
A non-response is considered an admission of guilt. DMCA
advocates love this guilt-presumed method.
Innumerable alleged violators ignore the spam bluff DMCA
notices with no adverse effect -- except the spam may
continue. Do not answer the DMCA notice sender, respond
only to an ISP notice.
The obnoxiousness will continue until DMCA is overturned,
notifier throats are slit by info-liberators (metaphorically, please,
One with Boston), escape and evasion tactics are honed to
perfection, venal copyright-industry is separated from creators
with direct exchanges replacing rapacious middle-persons, and,
best of all, creation is done by those who consume it.

@_date: 2013-08-01 10:40:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Max Blumenthal on Security Forum (Eugen Leitl) 
References:  <51F96466.1020503
Not  to pry, much, into your book, do you have more of Snowden's
documents than released? If so, is more release in the offing?
Presumbably you are being tapped and metadataed up the kazoo,
except on uber-secure cpunks, these questions in guise of statements
from an appreciative audience:
Docs released by the administration yesterday was goosed by your
and others, the latter identities clearly spoofed,  challenging
releases and threats of more to come. Good outcome, that.
Following the precedential 1970s, with the gradually increasing
journalists probes and manifold late-coming Congressional
committees following the coffee smell, dueling with one another
to grab mics and cameras. Goosedness abounds, hurray!
Finally, hardly, tell me to jump in a lake, are you in touch with
Snowden? How about Glenn, Laura, Jake, Julian, Sarah?
Using OTR/PGP between US, UK, DE, BR? Cpunks need
this to climb out of the too-soon grave from breeding
the likes of today's leaking heroes..
Really, finally, and nobody here will tell, have you been
subpoenaed vis a vis Snowden? For Julian, Glenn,
Laura, Jake, Sarah, Ellsberg, Hersh, for The President's Men?

@_date: 2013-08-02 02:51:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Radiation Emission Controls 
Inquiry about emissions at NSA UDC and other data centers
was not for external capture but about internal protection from
its own emanating equipment. In particular EM interference by
the big generators at most of the facilities, electrical sub-stations,
processing racks, cabling, switches, personal devices, whatever
is used to run the operation and whatever might be deployed by
those hoping to capture inadvertent emissions by land, air, sat,
mobile. If you will, what does NSA do to capture such emissions
from data centers to data gathering and for unique signatures?
This is not likely overlooked by NSA and maybe at the other
burgeoning worldwide data centers, but what that protection
might involve, ie, Large-scale TEMPEST countermeasures,
somewhat larger than a nuclear submarine, maybe closer
to large-scale array used to snoop on global EM and radio
signals, mundane and heavenly. as with the NRAO.
We have an interest in snooping on the emissions and
protection against snooping of large buildings and infrastructure,
from electrical grids to telecom hubs to internetworks to
scientific networks to intellinks to satellites to space probes.
The usual spy sci-fi beloved of hams.

@_date: 2013-08-02 03:13:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Radiation Emission Controls 
References:  <20130730191851.GA21042
 <20130731142315.GC29404
 <20130802045224.GB8724
More specifically inadvertent emissions like Non-Stop,
acoustic, vibratory, olfactory, echo, refractory, extent,
periodicity, amplitude, array, those still loosely or firmly
classified. Those somewhat treated of sea and space
borne vessels by degaussing, presumably more difficult
for aged architecture and infrastructure but maybe not
for new facilities like NSA Utah, other data centers and
global research networks.
If NRAO can assign sigs to several billion stars that should
be possible for several billions cellphones, buildings and

@_date: 2013-08-06 13:48:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA 2013 Cryptologic History Symposium 
The theme for the 2013 symposium, to be held on
October 17-18 at the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics
Laboratory's Kossiakoff Conference Center (just west
of Laurel, Maryland) is "Technological Change and
Cryptology: Meeting the Historical Challenges."
The conference will include sessions on "A Tribute to Alan
Turing," a "Roundtable on Cyber History," "Bletchley Park,"
"COMINT and the Civil War," "The Cryptologic Legacy of
the Great War Era," "SIGINT and the Vietnam War Era,"
and "A Technological Advantage: Historical Perspectives
on Cryptologic Research and Development."
In all there will be 21 separate sessions and over 70
presentations. Speakers will include scholars such as
David Kahn and cryptologic pioneers such as Whitfield
Diffie. All symposium sessions are unclassified.
A complete agenda and registration information will be
available on this site in mid-August.
For more information, please contact the Center for Cryptologic
History at 301-688-2336 or via email at history at nsa.gov.

@_date: 2013-08-09 10:52:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Guardian: Fears over NSA surveillance revelations 
References: This fear of US cloud service was deployed against US crypto
back then. Exemplified in the CryptoAG revelation. Then it
was "revealed," as now, the competitors were even more
devious. Meanwhile all of the spies and contractors got more
funding to spy on each other and PR the mil-grade security,
backslapping at how easy it was to spook the public, you
know, spook as in spy on to assure freaking was effective.
In 2000 it was "revealed" that CIA and NSA with the joint
Special Collection Service, were running eavesdropping
and burgling ops out of US embassies and at home from
suburban Maryland and now, holy shit, it is "revealed" that
PRISM and XKeyscore does that cyberwarly with browsers.
You know, too, revealed as in leaked most industriously
by a Special Distribution Service, another codeword for
smoking the cloud, why even the CIA uses vaporware.
Guardian is a fine mouthpiece for Official Secrets freaking.

@_date: 2013-08-09 16:14:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Today on Missions, Authorities, Oversight, Partnershps 
NSA statement today on Missions, Authorties, Oversight, Partnerships:

@_date: 2013-08-17 07:31:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Is the Wikileaks Party a cypherpunk party? 
References: Sure, that works as well as any other initiative to avoid the
classic and inevitably corrupt political parties. It too will become
corrupt as inevitable with politics which is nothing but organized
corruption which empowers itself to fuck the public dead as a
wise person beautifully articulates the aim of politics.
No political leader or party is worth supporting except to get in
on the fucking. And as with other political parties, the WikiLeaks
party is enlisting adherents with the same classical and
corrupt methods: an opportunistic, eloquent, mesmerizing star
surrounded and advocated by the most venal of advisors, funders,
lawyers, promoters, shills, double-crossers, lobbyists, thugs, rats,
snakes, vermin, scum, thieves, liars, cheats, priests, apologists,
yellow-red-blue dogs, magicians, whores, cunts, dicks, pussies,
vultures, hyenas, racists, sexists, on into the thousands and then
millions of fuckers eager to kill, hurt, steal, and savage those
less organized to do unto others under a banner of beneficience,
rooting out corruption, protecting the weak, punishing the powerful,
making the world a better place.
Cryptoanarchy is an alternative to politics, a deadly enemy,
disorganized, any one of a cryptoanarchist is a politician's
worst nightmare, inside the organization, the most trusted,
the most likely to fuck the star dead. As Schwarz and Assange
has found, along with Manning, Snowden, Anonymous, Lulzsec,
Sabu, Tor, Lavabit, Silent Circle, among many in jail,
indicted, exiled, tortured, disappeared. Others went to the
other side for officially assured continual fucking.

@_date: 2013-08-17 08:47:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Is the Wikileaks Party a cypherpunk party? 
References: Two early cypherpunk heroic casualities were omitted: Jim Bell and
Carl "CJ" Johnson for, apropros, "Assassination Politics."
Not jailed, politics-defiers John Gilmore, Peter Junger (RIP), Phil Karn.
On parallel paths, politics-hounded Phil Zimmermann and Dan Bernstein.
And others, less celebrated enemies of ever-corrupting politics.
Not to say if its your very own political corruption then it's okay,
says a truly dedicated anarchist of the Party of One.

@_date: 2013-08-17 10:52:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Is the Wikileaks Party a cypherpunk party? 
References: I would definitely support Assange and the WikiLeaks Party (if TCM
and a few stalwart others rebuff a draft) as superior to status quo
politics enforced by US and allies worldwide.
He and it will be assassinated, bribed, tricked, flattered into
submission unless successfully undermining that long-running
machine of bloodthirsty spies using the Internet and other willing
ploys to solicit political candidates able to memerize believers
and assassins, the former contemned as citizens and subjects
and followers, the latter spies military industry media.
Cant politic without Kant cant. -- Immanuel Kant's Wife

@_date: 2013-08-18 07:38:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Is the Wikileaks Party a cypherpunk party? 
References: Cryptome beats its stick frustrated in a dim cotton pick weigh shed.
WikiLeaks wails, release me, dog-fuck-stuck in a worldwide power grid.
Manning and Snowden got the humongous brass balls leak exploiters
lack exactly like leaker defenders and fans.

@_date: 2013-08-20 12:32:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Groklaw shuts down 
References: <20130820154421.GA18516
To each his/her own escapism. These voluntary shutdowns
are not the way to go for the authorities really really like that.
Nor expecting to give or receive digital or analogue security
and privacy beyond one's own capability to verify or endure
the consequences. That is not limited to communications between
misconfigured androids who wonder where the hell did
that admission of defeat come from. Why it came from
the birth chip of mortality, dear.
No matter, the security hustlers are never going away
for good, only to reappear in new disguises of law,
religion, politics, frock, cape, code, retreat in another
direction, feint, trick, cheat, cry crocodile tears, cash in
the scam, go to the dark side to move up from public service
panhandling to fleecing baaramewes.
Keeping secret about this security skinning alive is the
price of entry to the gold vault. That is why privacy
policies and anonymizing services are so misleading.
Bluntly, anybody who peddles security is a cheat.
Those withdraw it are worse.

@_date: 2013-08-21 06:58:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Encrypted mailing lists? 
References: <521470F9.4040303
Sure, why not? Why not, you ask. Well, because encryption
creates secretkeepers just like official secretkeepers, and it
can become an obessession to believe only other secretkeepers
and disbelieve those who do not keep secrets. From that
a hatred of all-too-trusting openness becomes even more of
an enemy. Then the enemy must be demonized and warred
against, in secret.
However, so long as un-official secretkeeping never turns
into protection an uncontrollable killing machine of those
who find secretkeeping abysmally opposed to democracy,
then it should be an enjoyable past time for innocents avoiding
their future of really bad shit planned in official secrecy
protected by encryption for their use as cannon fodder.
Just a reminder that encryption is a munitions whose only
purpose is to secretly fuck with others. Use it for a game
only. Wargamers use it to deceive their murderous
Now cryptoanarchy was always only a game of planning
assassination of political secretkeepers, despite official
misunderstanding and jailing of Jim Bell and Carl Johnson.
And not a few others comically believed that encryption
would protect them against really dirty fighters who
ignored digital black magic to target signal-emitting
OTR chatting warriors yarping strategy on cryptophones.
My PGP protects my right to post this rant, right? What,
there's a fault in my implementation, you say? Sysadmin
of mails lists are official informants, come on, now, that's
tinfoil gaming.

@_date: 2013-08-21 12:49:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Encrypted mailing lists? 
References: <521470F9.4040303 <20130821083950.6458.14953
 <2831997.rqjLtGiVRi
 <9CA32CC8-FFF9-410A-9AB5-F1F9E91BFD0F
Worse, why limit a cypherpunks list to only those who
use encryption? Several of the cpunks' bastard offsprings set
up their own gated communities, unable to put up with those
who ridiculed their advocacy of really really opinionated
discussion of the glories of crypto.
What has been learned since early days of cypherpunks
is that all encryption is faulty and survives on willing suspension
of disbelief. Not the math, oh never, which is as infallible as the
Pope and Muhammad, it's the disbelievers in other people's
faith-based communities and who are dedicated to finding faults
over there to divert attention from those in here.
Still, even back then, encrypted messages were posted by
enthusiasts. Nobody answered, many said get the fuck out.

@_date: 2013-08-22 08:16:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSLs, gag-orders, code-changes, coerced backdoors - any 
One of the many salutory if unsavory aspects of cypherpunks
is that a fresh proposal is more likely to be disagreed with
than supported, rabid-dog disagreement cloaking theft and
Rotters will then go off to get something done with stolen
material, most will remain to shrewly pretend to demolish
whatever "cluelessness" shows up, to asymmetrically burgle
and secretize openness loot like official spies.
Lacking cluelessness to taunt into full disclosure the
bandits will brag of prowess, refer auto-didactly to
misunderstood, unread sources (some fictional hidden by
errant URLs), throw out poisoned baited code, cackle
at the writhing suckers who bite the freebie and foolishly
insert as covert backdoor, but never admit having been
hooked repeatedly, instead pay ahead the pain of
gullibility, lesson learned from distinguished computer
professors and OS-backdoored Middle East negotiators.
Does this remind of Assange among several ignotables
who went off-list to reshape the world as "life-changing"
endeavor? And who may or may not be among current hyenas
here lying in wait for fresh carrion like Bell, CJ,
Manning, Swartz, BBrown, Anonymous, Lulzsec, Sabu,
Appelbaum, Gonggrijp, Jonsdottir, Snowden, Poitras,
Greenwald, the list of vanity-incomsec-diseased
ever lengthens.
The dozen or so best and brightest will fail at their
incomsec ventures, hoodwinked by better and brighter vultures
preying on red meat wizards incompetent at asymmetrical
financial math with dreams of lucrative public interest
benefits fronted by sterling reputations. RSA, PGP, NSA
venture-backdooring susceptible.

@_date: 2013-08-23 17:33:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Snowden Induced Mea Culpas 
Comsec experts should not be surprised at the Snowden
revelations about NSA so far, most of which are venerable.
What is surprising is their seemingly exaggerated surprise
because many of them worked at or ran firms which were
known to be heavily involved with official spying through
dual-use technology and dual-purpose contracts.
With USG and world governments, with banks and telecoms,
with comsec, software and anti-virus firms, with universities
and research institutes, with FOI organizations and public
interest advisory boards, with vulture investors, TED and
Aspen, with revolving doors among goverment, industry,
education, journalism, banking and Wall Street, with RAND,
NRL, the national laboratories, to name a few.
In most instances these dual roles were not hidden.
Or were they?
What might be troubling about Snowden's possible
revelations that is causing exaggerated surprise of
these experts is the disclosure that the dual-uses
and dual-roles in spying were more extensive than
has been made public. That has been protected by
highest secrecy about to be breached, not about
the spy agencies but those used to camouflage
and assist the spying by downplaying its pervasiveness
by selling protection that could never be wholly
effective, that the cybersec game was as rigged
as gambling.
That the backdoors, vulnerabilities, holes, faults,
and errors were more craftily hidden and exploited
with the complicity of the best and brightest while
they deluded the the public for market share and
FOI fame. That it was a charade to agitate for more
security and privacy while undermining them. That
Snowden has the documents about that ancient
betrayal and will at some point make them available.
That it would be wise to get ahead of this exposure
by rushing to claim the spying has been greater
than even we experts knew and comsec is a
fraud by design. Crypto-AG the norm.

@_date: 2013-08-25 18:00:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Re:_[liberationtech]_Why_can=92t_email_be_?=  
References:  <521A53FE.8050004
A swell beginning, for email to be merely one way to
communicate, supplemented with unlimited other
ways which do not require email, or for that matter,
the Internet or any digital means.
Presume that digital means are the easiest to fuck with,
sorry, subvert, corrupt, pack with junk, surveil, harvest,
store, search, forge, track, make your own list on your
digital device and expect it to be violated accordingly
and used against you whether you know or not, usually
not. Here especially.
Now the other means, non-digital, ancient and amply
used and understood among those who use them
although susceptible to the digital vulnerabilites if
considerable more difficult:
Plastic arts
Graphic arts
And much more everybody uses with greater facility
than digital emissions.
Note that conventional lanugages are not on the list
because of the heavy reliance upon them to communicate
and thus most heavily scutinized and attacked, usually
Language is like metadata, with only its mastery the content
can be followed from end to end, then the ends burgled,
beat, cut, shot, persuaded to talk in plain language.
Steagonagraphy is not on the list unless it is non-digital,
and if not, then hiding communication has great potential.
Its weakness is finding a means, non-digital, for preparation
and transceiving.
For example, architecture is an ancient means of communication,
among its funders, designers, builders, maintainers, destructors,
restorers, investors, evaluators, burgler, surveyors, surveillors,
protectors, attackers, underminers, repairers, materials suppliers,
excavators, and a host of participants -- the list of guilds and unions
and professionals is vast -- perhaps one of the largest cohorts
of quasi-private aggregations on earth lagging only farmers
if taken to mean any form of human construction. I flatter
myself, so do yourself likewise.
Similarly, just about any specialty of human intercourse has
its quasi-private, esoteric, unique means of communication.
The human body specialists -- scientific, shamanistic, soulseeking --
along with its pschobabbling corollary, generates a fantastic
array of marketable, if not wholly, believable garble and
gibberish. Politics and law the most vivid at laying on the
self-serving shit about the necessity of government and
the rule of law(yers).
Now back to the simple task of communicating in private.
Before that, a side note, the end is near:
First do not expect anyone to believe anything using the
word "security." So comsec is dead due to abuse. Maybe
compriv is better, understanding that privacy has become
a crock of shit too.
"Shit bag" (thanks to Assange) Natsec needs to go as well
because it has been abused the most of all since assuming
the parmount importance of a secular religion prevailing
over all belief-systems with deadly weaponry, heartlessness,
amorality, criminality and unaccountability, motto: fuck with
it and you will die. Much evidence of motto in deed. And
much evidence it will be used against its insiders.
This is relevant to private communication. Natsec really
hates being cut out of any kind of communication. It
will use virtually unlimited means to get inside, most
of them kept secret and manifestly violent if needs
So compriv should not be promoted as capable to
exclude natsec's prying, stealing, owning, using to
demolish with its opponents. OTR is futile, BTW,
as comsec.
Wind compriv down to comchat. Then wind comchat
down to comgossip, to comwhine, comjoke, comlie,
comlurk, comslur, com-social engineer. You get the
point. Do nothing life-threatening or natsec defying
by com-whatever. Communications is owned by
those who provide its means and they are owned
by extremely badass natsec ritualists willing to
barbecue your beloveds to share the goodness
carefully prescribed in their secret manuals of
unlimited warfare.
In conclusion, there you have it, com-bat, the most
reliable means of communication. Anything less is

@_date: 2013-08-25 20:36:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Who bought off Zimmermann? 
References: <20130825235403.BDDC4EAABC
Phil probably means the infrastructure of email is the vul not the
crypto. Crypto alone is sterile, a boy in a bubble which requires
life support which can be assaulted.
Two boys in a bubble cannot make contact except in the same
bubble. End to end encryption is the bubble.
One description of the safest communication is do not
comm, unicate. Into the mountain refuge go thee, hermit,
ruminate thine self to find god ... is unspeakable.
This is not to suggest that every comsec wizard ever on
earth was not bought at birth or sold as idiot savant. Hell, the
essence of comsec is to sell security deception, aka
Typhoid Mary Mensa.
Hence this marketplace.

@_date: 2013-08-26 11:38:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Head: US Cyber Offense Is Best in World 
NSA Head: US Cyber Offense Is Best in World
"Cyber offense requires a deep, persistent and pervasive
presence on adversary networks in order to precisely deliver
effects," Gen. Alexander explained in response to a question
from Rep. Trent Franks (R-AZ). "We maintain that access,
gain deep understanding of the adversary, and develop
offensive capabilities through the advanced skills and
tradecraft of our analysts, operators and developers.
When authorized to deliver offensive cyber effects, our
technological and operational superiority delivers
unparalleled effects against our adversaries' systems."

@_date: 2013-08-27 12:49:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] NSA cracking UN videoconference - worried? 
References: <1D4BE9E412D74EBFB6926D80A3133F02
It should be remembered that most, if not all, the UN members
spy on one another. UN embassies and consulates in NYC bristle
with antenna. The US embassy, a high-rise across from the UN,
overlooks the mother ship and the wee boats huddling close.
It was rebuilt a few years ago to get rid of the old tech and install
new defenses and offenses.
The area is a thick web of spy operations -- residences and offices,
sidewalkers and waitpersons, limo and taxi drivers, maids and
doormen, janitors and sex partners, UN staff and renovation teams,
construction, health and environmental inspectors.
A privtate TSCM wizard active in NYC and DC and several other
spy nests, claims no spot on earth is as heavily spied as NYC --
the UN, finance, corporate HQs, FBI, DoJ, whorehouses, the lot --
that the spies respect each other's need for a bye if discovered,
returning the favor by reporting few misses and many successes
as a survival courtesy.
And that that is the back-scratching MO in national and financial
capitals and mil-econo-gov bastions everywhere. No secret to
cryptographers and network operators.
What, you think spies and govs and mil and comseckers really
Sure they all cheat despite these tacit agreements which are pure
baloney in the great tradition of fleecing dimwitted politicians and
taxpayers who pretend dimwittedness as necessary warcraft,
tradecraft, statecraft and citizenry.
So who's the biggest and baddest of the spies of the moment.
NSA and Google according to sacrificial goat Julian Assange.
But, lord almighty, it is obvious who hired him to leak that: NSA and
Google, fearing they would be outbid for his hermitage sagacity
by Bears and Tigers, Microsoft and ATT, Verizon and Yahoo,
IBM and RSA, Cisco and Apple, MIT and Rand, Stanford and
Columbia, Koch and Soros, BBN and SAIC.
Their marketing antennas ambitiously bristling, their whistleblowers
and security researchers ablowing like comely prostitutes along
1st Avenue, a couple more dutiful transgender goats twisting in
the wind to recruit those desiring life-changing cuddling with
Bill Clinton and Colin Powell, Guardian and NYT, MacArthur,
Rockefeller and Ford, Lockheed and Northrup.
Syria heading to be the new Haiti, NGOs poised to nick carrion.

@_date: 2013-08-27 13:10:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Metadata anonymization through time delayed email 
References:  <20130827122252.GA2761
Lance's message size is quite interesting for its parallel to size of
files used for stego and other hiding means. For example
a large CAD drawing of nuclear warhead can be graphically
shrunk to the size of a period and that period placed at the
end of note or under a line in a drawing of a Michael Graves
teapot. The giveaway is the file size.
Fragmenting the warhead drawing for placement in many
banal drawings would help, and that is being done with
a variety of cloaking tools.
To hide the file and its size, the compressed CAD drawing or
CAD-reduced encrypted volume on easy cracking of AES or
burgling AEC labs, like the old microdot, can be transmitted
in barrel of oil, a bottle of perfume, a condom of cocaine or
false fingernail.
3D printing of a compressed CAD files has possibilities.
As do compressed audio files embedded in DVD labels.

@_date: 2013-08-31 11:57:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Who bought off Zimmermann? 
References: <20130825235403.BDDC4EAABC
 <34A48E2C-9760-4007-ACC1-0A8D6E0D2193
Emitting signal that "crypto works" is a hoary practice, nothing
more useful than a belief in an uncrackable means of comms,
used often in war and commerce and love affairs. Crypto-AG,
AES, PGP, Tor, OTR, offline exchange of keys, the list is
growing with each disclosure that something stinks in crypto
Getting the best and brightest (BAB) to affirm that crypto works,
say by open and limited competitions as well as by confidential
testing results leaked, would be a part of that campaign.
Leaking other forms of attack, like metadata, would be another
part, bit by bit, authenticity heightened by obligatory redactions
and vetting by quiet government consultation.
Presume Snowden dribbling juicy comsec architecture and data,
witting or unwitting of their ulterior purpose as beautifully
crafted to appear suspicious to BABs but so tasty to be irresistable
as a floating British officer corpse stuffed with secret war
plans retrieved by the Germans.
Until all of Snowden's booty is released and carefully studied by
virulently suspicious and paranoid BABs not snared by sweet
contracts to muse and declare authenticity, it cannot be seen
as more than an ingenious ruse, likely with the complicity of
the BABs once believed to be poorly-paid angels dancing
on a pinhead.
The saluatory benefit of these ruses is to shock the shit out
of the lazy and arrogant comfuckers whose stake is put at
risk by being left out of the ruse, not easy to do if they are
lulled into complacency by admiration, handsome pay,
invites to classified dances, insured and pensioned by
NDAs, well, hell, why else raise a ruckus with ruses like
crypto lists and fora and history confabbing at NSA.
None of this is intended to impugn the few BABs who
remain outside secret circles, or at least appear to do
so in best and brightest ways. And don't invoke a hoary
NSL as basis for silence.
It does intend to impugn denial of the inevtiable
failure of crypto alone or in concert with infrastructure.
Remember that 1997 NSA paper foretelling the fail.
Was that a ruse too?
If I was a BAB looking for a edge on the competition
for ruses, I might blurt that crypto deception is the
essence of crypto, that is why it works so well.

@_date: 2013-12-03 09:35:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Willis Ware Dies 
Willis Ware dies, early computer engineer:
Seminal computer security paper 1979:

@_date: 2013-12-07 06:24:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: infra-org (urls) 
References: Contact mics for acquiring vibration and resonance emanations
are among the still classified TEMPEST offensive and defensive
activities, along with other multi-sensory and -physical acquisition
and transmission technologies.
The celebrated EM components of TEMPEST are commonly
used as subterfuges, ruses and ploys to divert attention from
the non-EM -- which an almost limitless number of animals and
other creatures use for SIGINT and COMINT, and a few like
Brian, unfettered by industry conceits, use for full-spectrum
TSCM pros have made much of the EM threat and little of the
other, or pretend to do so. The US Embassy Moscow cavity
resonance bug, and a few others, are highlighted for the
same diversion from the slew of others inadvertently
Thanks again to Brian for broadening the discussion from
narrow focus on crypto prowess and simple-minded EM
and TSCM, a narrowness which might be considered a
long running ploy not so different from the Snowden gush
generating reams of Chicken Little narrative beloved
by the comsec industry guided by its nose toward cash
and ignoring its tell-taling stench.

@_date: 2013-12-08 12:49:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA morale down 
References: Most NSA employees, like all spy agencies, do not participate
directly in special ops, any more than most military members
do not engage in combat. So they are terribly displeased when
the exposed war carnage breaks the bubble of prestige and
admiration bestowed on the whole clan for recruitment,
pensions, awards and ceremonial burial. NSA had a relatively
clean record, compared to other spies, until the fan was
hit with Snowden.
Snowden learned that working for a spy or military contractor
under guise of ennobling public service is a shock at how
badly hires and ex-officials are treated: produce and fulfill
new contracts damn quickly or get the fuck out. So he got
All the perks of official service are no where to be seen,
and being shit on by bosses is much worse than that of the
non-secretkeepers who can abuse with impunity on behalf
natsec. To earn the dirty-work salaries means to eat their
shit, no valor, no medals, no pride, just shameless profits.
Which is why quite a few go back into official service after
a taste of raw capitalism always rotting. And, not least, why
even more adjust their ethics and morals to fit what the
corporations expect for predator-grade dollars a year.
Thus, millionaire Michael Hayden, who led the privatizing
initiative with a gang of venal directors and is reaping
payola for demonizing Snowden. And so is Alexander
preparing a place in that select TS/SCI Codeword crowd.
Infosec-comsec firms and experts play this duplicity game
exceedingly well, feet in both camps, hands in both pockets,
via dual-use tech and contracts, and it is to be expected that
evidence of that classified duplicity is being withheld by the
Snowden information managers, aided and abetted by those
very experts in lawful business corruption and deception,
protected by secrecy. Clues repeatedly proclaimed
by the press outlets: officials ask, demand, threaten,
don't publish names, addresses, emails, contractors'
names. Kiriakou and Hammond await you.
The sweet smell of success: joining the secretkeeping
crowd for future rewards by way of irresistable offers.
Guess how much will be offered to deliver Snowden and
his unpublished cache (if not Greenwald and Poitras too)
by one or more of his information fences by bribe and
threat? Sabu is ROTFLHAO, wearing a medal for taking
the piss.
Probably the biggest downer for the nobody NSA grunts
is observing the golden rewards of lying to the public. If
that disenchantment goes the right way, there well be
a steady stream of Snowdens delivering their bundles
to publishes, or best, self-publishing and bypassing
the venal MTMs enjoying fucking over sources.

@_date: 2013-12-08 13:12:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: EM-nature (was: infra-org) 
References: The earliest and most enduring form of infosec -- crypt-crypto --
is non-EM, non-language, non-homo-erectus. Current versions contain
vestigals of those primitives in what is disingenuously termed
implementation. And it is in implementation where most comsec
failures occur and where most successes succeed. Code is
closer to whistling in the dark, baying at the moon, offering newborns
to hungry wolves.
Implementation is 99.99+% of infosec-comsec, perhaps 100%.
Code hardly scratches the surface and might be constructively
seen as a ruse, a strategem, concocted and promoted to delude.
Delusion is the prime purpose of implementation. Code inebriation
creates phantasms of security by ignoring signs of predators
aprowl where coders live, work, sleep, chat OTR and post.
David Kahn, among others, amply desribes the range of
implementation, its short-term successes and long-term
delusions. Nothing finer in Carolina than belief in an
invulnerable cryptosystem. Less noticed is the effectiveness
of promulgating an invulnerable comsec or cryptosystem to
encourage widespread use. As seen today, not only in the
fantastic rise of the comsec industry but also in the frantic
efforts to keep the ball rolling to counter Snowden's
disclosures of delusion.
i need to make note of this observation because it has special
Rest good stuff elided.

@_date: 2013-12-12 10:08:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Which encryption chips are compromised? 
References: <527F865A.7020703
 <20131211001137.892EA228094
 <20131212051537.GA20782
Please stop this suicidal, treacherous discussion. You're undermining
the global industry of weak crypto and comsec. That counts as economic
terrorism in all the countries who abide arms control, export control,
copyright, capitalism, heirarchical rule, suppression of dissent, lawful
spying, breaking and entering black jobs, ubiquitous spying on each other
and everybody else, in particular what NRO terms "unobservable
and unknown phenomena," and a lot of other secret stuff which can
only be revealed by low-ranked knobheads sure to be burned at the
stake by their cowardly protectors for the irresistable allure of IPO
millions based on government contracts to keep this shit among
us. Got that? This is a place to share fudging how it should work,
and does now and then. You think  this is bullshit, dontcha? Well, it
aint. Why look at the rising use of Tor, PFS, TLS, those rat-infested
private keyservers and millions of eaters of Symantec back-doored
dookie-pie. You seen any US producers of comsec go under yet?
No, and you wont, for they are locked into surefire global success
when failure is built into their products. Screwing customers and
citizens with faulty comsec, what's wrong with that, where you been,
that's patriotic, and damn profitable. Sure, call for outraged dissent,
fine, great, if that moves the ponzi, balloons those bitcoins.

@_date: 2013-12-16 12:32:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bruce Schneier to leave BT 
References: Would be great for the other dual-hats to follow Schneier's example,
with fuller accounts of what has been going on behind NDAs and
clearances. A dripped released is hardly sufficient, maybe justifiably
Remains to be seen if all spy ties are severed or just go darker
and deeper, as usual, into the repurposed Black Chamber to
hide with celebrity and outrage what is blatantly devious -- in
the crypto legacy manner.
Isn't that what this unfettered open forum dumpster is urging
duplicitously from DoB of cryptoanarchy?
Whither cryptoanarchy's billionaire, if not TLAs, Soros, Sim,
Murdoch, Gates, Ellison, Bezos, Omidyar, Kochs, Saudis,
Russians, Windsors, China, Kuwait, Oman, Ford, Rockefeller,
so many, so sneaky.
As Assange said to early charges of CIA/Soros funding,
"we should be so lucky, all donations welcomed." Word.

@_date: 2013-12-16 16:02:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bruce Schneier to leave BT 
References:  <0D4A6C6A-DE8E-4348-A516-5C6787248127
Working on classified and unclassified projects on the same
or related topics, subject to NDAs and secrecy clearance agreements.
While also working the public celebrity arena leaking hints and yarps
about what's behind the cloak that cannot be disclosed.
Corresponds roughly to dual-use technology, such as, notably,
crypto, nuclear, biological, chemical, radiological. These and much
other dual-use technology are fulsomely described in global export
control regimes, like the Wassenaar Arrangement. But quite a
few dual-use controls are themselves secret. Finance gets a lot
of open and classified attention. Crypto is a pretty good pathfinder
to trace the other technologies and their profiteers, so it gets a
special place in the pantheon of lucrative treachery, right up
there next to law and politics, all dual-hatted, so duplictious that
mere duality of forked-tongues should be understood as

@_date: 2013-12-17 14:09:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Fwd: Jacob impervious to "Rubber Hose Cryptanalysis" 
References: <20131217050832.BDD772280D1
 <52B092D8.9030706
A good point, Jake. That status quo of commercial journalism.
What's better than advocacy journalism subservience?
How about an unfettered unredacted disclosure for unlimited
access free of censorious redaction and withholding?
And giving up the "dump" red herring, WikiLeaks is unfairly
accused of that, and has been considerably more various,
experimental and risk-taking than professional journalism.
It would do well to give up the privileged protection of
journalism which demeans its reputation.
Exceptions to the cowardice of journalism abound, but have
to be found so little are they known and credited beyond naming
awards, and they defy the presumed status quo of what is
permissable lawful and craven. Yes, many went to jail rather
than bray about the jailing of others, reaping the rewards of
consulting with authorities to maintain access.
Hoped you had nutted Stew Baker, a lying sack of shit.

@_date: 2013-12-17 14:20:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: request for transcript: Bruce Schneier and Eben Moglen 
References:  <52AFAC5F.7000106
 <1F2E328E402C269F4A9CF0E1
 <52AFBF01.3040608
 <6F4CEC544340D54F1C1A002E
 <52B0961C.3040508
You understand I am Juan, Jon, Ian, Ivan, Giovanni and
Jean. And Julian and Ed and Chelsea. Chinese, Russian,
Iranian and terrorist. All undifferentiated in a haystack of
PRISM and drone demons.
Hurling insults aid finding the easiest to turn or burn.

@_date: 2013-12-17 15:11:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Fwd: Jacob impervious to "Rubber Hose Cryptanalysis" 
References: <20131217050832.BDD772280D1
 <52B092D8.9030706
Ongoing debate on whether its better to hide government
informers or expose them. They want to be hidden, their victims
want them exposed. Customarily the victims don't win due to
superior PR of informers and those who pay them.
One case of harm has received attention lately. A lot of
attention, as if an orchestrated campaign in parallel to
the Snowden affair dominated by massive withholdings,
redactions and fragments while claiming large numbers
of files in reserve -- a hoary dissimulation practice of
those complicit with officials.
Beyond that, those who get control of sensitive material
deputize themselves to redact or hide, with appreciation
of authorities, not understanding they are usually less
capable of comsec and judgment than official holders.
They are blinded and corrupted by the bright jewels
suddenly coming their way.
It has been seen that the sensitive material from both
Manning and Snowden was breached rather quickly.
Literally under the noses of the defenders by Lamo
and by Miranda, perhaps others not publicized.
Recipients rush to consult experts as if those experts are
not cooperating with officials covertly under contract or
as informants like Sabu, or are themselves less capable
at comsec and judgment. And also blinded and corrupted
by being consulted about matters only imagined heretofore.
Experts are expert at duplicity one and all.
In the Manning and Snowden cases, recipients were
quickly shown to be unprepared for handling what came
to them, compared to say, reporters, researchers, writers
and scholars who had long experience.
In both cases, the original leakers had unreasonable
expectations that amateurs (we believe in amateurs
over professionals) would rise to the occasion, could
handle the pressure of acclaim and attacks, could
protect the leakers, could manage the information
release, could protect the information, could be
as good as the leakers with much superior training
and discipline.
Not so, under allure of media celebrity the schemes
fell apart for Manning, maybe for Snowden. For this
the leakers had no training only the shallowness of
news reports about who to share the material with.
Even now, the battle goes on, with accusations of
harm to those identified in leaked material by WikiLeaks
shaping the release of Snowden material. Little attention
is given to what failed in handing material to notorious
persons without grasping their limitations and the risks
posed by that.

@_date: 2013-12-18 11:50:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptome] acoustic side channel attacks against TEMPEST 
References: Excellent pointer. Full paper published today, 18 Dec 2013:
RSA Key Extraction via Low-Bandwidth Acoustic Cryptanalysis, by Genkin, Shamir, Tromer:

@_date: 2013-12-20 21:22:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Vegetation Comsec 
Proceeding with novel comsec investigations, the New Yorker
this week has an article on plant communication and intelligence
and how they differ from those of animals.
Plant signaling with chemical emissions was intriguing, as were
signals sent through proxies such as insects.
Plant perception of hazards, sensing sources of water, light,
air, nutrients, kin, enemies is suggestive for veggie comsec.
And all this is based on being tethered to the ground, immobile
thus having to do what animals do by different means, barely
perceptible to animals, slow moving, but effective in competing
with other plants as well as animals.
Darwin wrote the seminal work, but current scientists are
deeply involved in what some call "neurobiology" in which
brain-like activites are accomplished by vegetable swarms
of signals and networks without animal brains. Albeit root
stems searching for water and nutrients appear to behave
like brains below ground, while veggie sex occurs above
This raises the prospect of using plant capabilities in
emissions of chemicals and finding nutrients in signaling,
SIGINT, comsec, infosec and crypto.
Has anyone seen reports on this? Or on chemical transceiving
for comsec? Public key as a plant with unique biological
identity which absorbs or emits decrypt signal? The use of insect
and chemical proxies?
An amusing account is that of a CIA polygrapher claiming
to exchage signals with plants, discovered by hooking up
a polygraph to them. He said he could just think of burning
a nearby plant for the plant to initiate defenses. His claims were
later discounted but remind of the long-running mind control
research by US and Russia. And the unkillable kudzu of
lie detectors.

@_date: 2013-12-22 08:32:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FYI 
References:  <20131222034511.9050E680095
We did in October 2012 for acessing a few files:
Looks like a joke, right?
Rigging the whole site for https would require labor
beyond our diddly life-support system. And cheat the
visitors with sleight of clickery.
But there's more to this than sloth. Cryptome does
not offer security on the premise -- learned here, there
and everywhere HTTPS Everywhere promises -- that
Internet, telecom, whole wide world users need to
learn, be forced to learn, to provide their own security
and to never ever trust those who promise it for them.
Sysadmins and website operators spy viciously, all of them,
and it is a villainous -- business-like -- to offer security in the
same way spies do, as lure, trick and trap. Whenever a
sec system is invented that does not require sysadmins,
bosses and investors, with reliance upon government
funding for success, then it may be possible to rely upon
it for a single test, then abandon.
Comsec is a racket, remember rule 0. RSA and NSA are
merely the latest to be pilloried to hide the pillorers' complicity.
As discussed repeatedly, here, and at the winetasting blood
of christ, this treachery was known long ago, hey, Jude, bitch
about it for a while, then get on with doing it with new wine in
old bottles means and methods.
Which does raise the question: what the fuck is Cryptome up
to? Confession, har, hold a congressional hearing for that,
then read a slicker expose about the slick expose.
First, confessions are lies told to confessors who share
the gossip with cohorts to rig fancier recording booths.
Second, truth telling is as deceptive as comsec, salvation and
Third, all security is corrupt like comms systems and
cipher systems -- deception is a synonym for security,
security a synonym for thievery by confidence gaming,
confidence a synonym for terrifying the populace in order
to sell faulty protection -- perfect protection kills the
Finally, it should be be obvious, at least here, that HTTPS
is horse puckey. Any widely used means of security -- comsec
to natsec, anonymizers to Tor -- is compromised at birth and
by lifetime economic life-support systems, that is why it is
widely promoted, used and abused -- and very profitable.
"Electronic freedom," now that is ingenious cover-up of
absolutely no way to protect against EM compromise.
Like juxtaposing, embedding, Liberty with Security.

@_date: 2013-12-22 13:11:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FYI 
References:  <20131222034511.9050E680095
No, it's legit. We don't promote it to avoid entrapping
believers in https. Go there are your peril same as the
quicksand quagmire.
Just to confess, we don't have control of our ISP servers,
thus warn of what is happening behind impossible security
promises from us to others. Warning seldom heeded so
powerful is the PR for online protection fantasies.
Few people have control of what their sites are used for.
Thus the cosmetic policy privacies which conceal
abuse bruises. Not as bad as 24x7x365 top security staff
outfoxed by Snowdens, similars and betters not doing
what Ed did, or is said to do, or misunderstood to do,
or is doing now under the noses of the explainers,
investigators, spoofers, black marketers, the usual
stabbers, slashees, hackes, punks, investors and angels.
This is not limited to Windows, applies to all software
and hardware and networks and whatchagot there
air-gapped, padlocked, SCIFed, totally secure, as
the Snowden hoarders brag, believing wierdly that
what Snowden did will never happen to them, or has
already happened, or happened on 0-day.

@_date: 2013-12-22 14:11:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: RSA complicity or not in the EC_DBRG backdoor (Re: Human 
References: <52B56924.7030605 <52B56B05.50002
 <20131221111358.GB19555
 <20131222184330.GA1519
Interesting ovelapping dates for Bidzos' participation in RSA and Verisign.
Does the alleged tampering with RSA extend to Verisign? We use a
Verisign token. Is that suspect?
James Bidzos is president and chief executive officer of Verisign. He also serves as chairman of the board of directors and has been executive chairman since August 2009.
As the founder of Verisign, Bidzos is an Internet and security industry pioneer whose accomplishments include building RSA Security into the early standard-bearer for authentication and encryption, and launching Verisign as a company in 1995 to develop the digital certificate infrastructure for Internet commerce.
Before returning to the president and chief executive role in August 2011, Bidzos served as Verisign's first president and CEO and also served as Verisign's chairman of the board of directors from April 1995 until December 2001, as vice chairman from December 2001 to July 2007, and as interim CEO from July 2008 to August 2009. Bidzos served as president and CEO of RSA Security from 1986 to February 1999, and then served as RSA's vice chairman from 1999 to May 2002.
Recently, Bidzos was inducted into The National Cyber Security Hall of Fame. He is also one of Time Magazine's "Digital 50" and is in CRN's Computer Industry Hall of Fame.

@_date: 2013-12-22 18:35:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Vegetation Comsec 
References: A characteristic of plants is that because they expect to
be eaten, they do not have vital organs, and regenerate
parts taken.
Thus, if a ciphersystem expected to be broken, it might
be able to mend the break, sacrifice parts to protect the
whole, without disclosing full content.
Surely there is a sytem that already does this. Multi-level
security may be close.
That a plant cannot move but depends upon absorbing
nutrients in its locale or delivered by movable actors --
insects, wind, rain, animals, other plant seeds -- might
also suggest a way to protect static machines and
Surely that is being done.
In both cases parts are sacrificed to movable actors who
are deluded to believe they rule over lesser beings which
they cannot understand.
So where are the eatable broken crypto which regenerates
itself without giving up full content, and networks which
are protected by use and traffic passing through? Tor might
be close to the latter for protecting content but the
hardware remains vulnerable.

@_date: 2013-12-31 15:10:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: To Protect and Infect Slides 
References: <4dcbb04f7c2c485eb43d18e222b0f9a8
 <20131231051456.GC25536
30c3 slides from Jacob Appelbaum:
 (3.8MB)

@_date: 2013-12-31 17:43:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
References: <4dcbb04f7c2c485eb43d18e222b0f9a8
 <20131231051456.GC25536
 <52C3257D.6000707
Brian Carroll rightly expands the discussion of pervasive targeting by
ubiquitous technology.
In architecture, for example, the increasing use of automation
for controlling building systems -- HVAC, electrical, plumbing,
security among others -- poses considerable vulnerabilities
beyond legacy analog controls. Many of the automated systems
are administered remotely over telephone, cable and
wireless networks. Others are controlled locally within
structures. Some are secured with encryption but many
are not. And few are TEMPEST-protected outside military
and governmental facilities.
We have found that few architects and building engineers are
knowledgeable about building automated systems nor the variety
of means to secure and protect them. They are customarily designed,
operated and maintained by specialty firms not traditional
building designers.
Moreover we have found that building management and
maintenance staff rely upon outside firms for advanced
technology, thus subjecting their facilties to unsupervised
interventions by outside personnel who may themselves
be sub-contractors, and sub-subs for each component
of automation.
In short, it is fairly easy to interdict and access building
automation systems for implanting devices, injecting
packets, tampering with OSes, siphoning networks,
temporarily suspending security, all the things recently
revealed in the 30c3 presentations.
Digital security and TSCM experts are familiar with many
of these vulnerabilities but there is a common practice
to specialize in services (often at client request) and
neglect comprehensive coverage. For example, to inspect
communications and security systems but not HVAC,
plumbing, electrical and automation systems which often
have far more inadvertent emitters and transceivers contained
in extensive components throughout a structure.
NSA TAO and the joint CIA-NSA Special Collection Service
are especially capable to expoit these gaps, and usually
send teams composed of experts in each building system
to determine a comprehensive attack on vulnerabilities,
and shrewdly, planting multiple and various decoys to
mislead counterspies.
A catalog of these full-scope operations would be quite
informative and perhaps diminish the effectiveness of
ruses and decoys, in particular the kind of solo operation
valorized in movies, books and TV.

@_date: 2013-07-20 17:18:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: a Cypherpunks comeback 
References: <20130720164125.GA12053
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256
Michael makes valid points. Skepticism is appropriate.
A name change would likely correct misapprehension
about an active list without a trust chain supporting it.
I attach a sig of mine with a few sigs from the past.
None of my other keys were signed probably wisely
to avoid implication.
Is it hot in Miami? Hot as hell in NYC.

@_date: 2013-07-20 17:49:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: a Cypherpunks comeback 
References: <20130720164125.GA12053
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
Wrong key, no sigs on it. This should do it.
Michael makes valid points. Skepticism is appropriate.
A name change would likely correct misapprehension
about an active list without a trust chain supporting it.
I attach a sig of mine with a few sigs from the past.
None of my other keys were signed probably wisely
to avoid implication.
Is it hot in Miami? Hot as hell in NYC.

@_date: 2013-07-21 08:18:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [liberationtech] today's Spiegel edition 
References: <20130721110716.GK29404
Der Spiegel again, like Guardian, O'Globo, WaPo, publishes only snippets
of NSA documents, then bloated commentary. This titilating censorship is
complicit cowardice. The journalists who sign these articles should be ashamed
of providing a cover-up with commercial manipulation of Snowden's alleged
documents information which assures governments no media outlet will
"go too far." That is, share Snowden's serious risks, instead hang him
out alone with allegations of his frightening collection, cheerleading the
applauding crowd.
The full formulaic cravenly disappointing article in German:

@_date: 2013-07-22 07:42:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cypherpunks 
References:  <20130719115513.GJ29404
 <20130719193012.GB10434
 <20130720071720.GB32396
 <20130722020043.GB17337
Opposition, disgust, revulsion, ridicule toward al-qaeda
is perfectly cypherpunkian. Never, ever unanimous nor
what's acceptable without merciless, obnoxious, off-topic
digression argument. "Fuck that to death." - A Sage
"Cypherpunks" -- the name, the adventure, the rise and
fall, and multiple rebirths and splits and plagiarisms --
has been subjected to as much irrational ridicule and
exploitation as hyper-plagiarized "al-qaeda."
"Cryptography" list is a bastard of a bastard of a bastard
of cypherpunks, each iteration trying to act snooty
about villanous cryptography and failing repeatedly to
hide its cypherpunkian malice.
There are thousands of vile and sappy posts in the
cpunk archives as with the "fucked to death and still
going" internet. Crud begets crud. Delete the crud and
there's nothing left of the shit-hole except the gargantuan
cesspools on Wayback and Wikipedia and Tor "hidden
services" and blacknet and undernet and intel.net and
virulent cheating, lying and fucking users and each
Extra good shit:, big data crud is growing exponentially,
a golden bowl of explosive fertilizer likely leading to
global cyberwar over who runs the cess.
Never ask for permission, never give it.
Cross-sub everybody and spy them secretly.

@_date: 2013-07-24 08:00:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Gnu PG is more Safe ? 
References: <51EF7B99.90207
Snarling disagreement, condescension and supplication,
nectar and myrrh. Read books, quaintness from hell
if not on SM in snippets.
Inspired, the need to monetize crypto attacks rather than
by "free cigarette sample" open source. That follows the
well-paid bounty model of major software producers recently
reported. Attackers build rep by hacks then convert to a business
model, why this very list has successful graduates of this
curriculum: if not extortion and exploits then by contracts,
aka peacekeeping needing daily deposit of gash.
It also follows the national intelligence model of grabbing
open source material then classifying it as gov property
sold back to the citizenry through the free market for
extortionate security. Get some and copyright it.
Cryptoanarchy is precisely this digital stash counterfeiting,
RTF Bible by Rt Rev TCM. Tap his steel gate and die by
his wildcats.
Oh, and newbies are open source thieves working for
OS spies, see the bible's classified Annex available
by continuous automatic updates, not free to SOB
TLAs running all possible crypto learning and hustling
initiatives. This is WK fact, see frequent references
in the archives, in the archives, oh, the archives will
make you sagely numb.
Need a numb sage lawyer to advise on your Crypto-AG
racket? Stewart Baker is top of the sages ex-NSA,
connected to all the others out to eat your baloney wich
or hire you cheaply under life-wrecking NDA if a new
immigrant still working in a cellar in PK.
"Fuck cpunks to death." Is this still redacted here?

@_date: 2013-07-24 19:01:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA History of Traffic Analysis 
NSA released on 23 July 2013 "The History of Traffic Analysis:
World War I-Vietnam."
It notes the formation of T/A (Traffic Analysis) and C/A (Cryptanalysis)
as the two elements of code-breaking, using the mail analogy of T/A
for the envelope, C/A for the contents.
As noted elsewhere T/A is now publicized as "metadata."

@_date: 2013-07-24 19:04:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Reduced NSA TA History 
Th NSA Traffic Analysis history reduced from 11.5MB to 3.2MB:

@_date: 2013-07-26 12:43:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Subquantum Crypto Attack 
References:  <20130726122744.GH27178
Has subquantum crypto attack been substantiated?
arXiv:quant-ph/0203049v2 12 Apr 2002
Subquantum Information and Computation
Antony Valentini
It is argued that immense physical resources  for nonlocal communication,
espionage, and exponentially-fast computation  are hidden from us by quantum
noise, and that this noise is not fundamental but merely a property of an
equilibrium state in which the universe happens to be at the present time. It
is suggested that non-quantum or nonequilibrium matter might exist today in
the form of relic particles from the early universe. We describe how such matter
could be detected and put to practical use. Nonequilibrium matter could be
used to send instantaneous signals, to violate the uncertainty principle, to distinguish
non-orthogonal quantum states without disturbing them, to eavesdrop
on quantum key distribution, and to outpace quantum computation (solving
NP-complete problems in polynomial time). ...
6 Eavesdropping on Quantum Key Distribution
Alice and Bob want to share a secret sequence of bits that will be used as a
key for cryptography. During distribution of the key between them, they must
be able to detect any eavesdropping by Eve. Three protocols for quantum key
distribution  BB84 [20], B92 [21], and E91 (or EPR) [22]  are known to be
secure against classical or quantum attacks (that is, against eavesdropping based
on classical or quantum physics) [23]. But these protocols are not secure against
a subquantum attack [7]. ...
E91 is particularly interesting for it relies on the completeness of quantum
theory  that is, on the assumption that there are no hidden elements of reality.
Pairs of spin-1/2 particles in the singlet state are shared by Alice and Bob, who
perform spin measurements along random axes. For coincident axes the same bit
sequence is generated at each wing, by apparently random quantum outcomes.
The eavesdropper cannot elicit any information from the particles while in
transit ..... because there is no information encoded there [22]. But our Eve has
access to information outside the domain of quantum theory. She can measure
the particle positions while in transit, without disturbing the wavefunction, and
so predict the outcomes of spin measurements at the two wings (for the publicly
announced axes).12 Thus Eve is able to predict the key shared by Alice and

@_date: 2013-07-28 08:41:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Urea at NSA Utah Data Center 
There are two spaces labeled "Urea Tank Room" in the NSA Utah
Data Center's Generator Plant shown in construction drawings
recently leaked:
See Generator Plant floor plan drawing 11.2 A101 at bottom and
top left, spaces labeled "UT."
Urea is used in fuel cells. Are there other uses of urea in generator
or data processing equipment?

@_date: 2013-07-28 11:44:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Utah Data Center Cabling, Emanations and Bizarre Planning 
Not much publicly available on the cabling and emanations
protection of the NSA Utah Data Center. Surely highly advanced
measures are being applied.
Google Earth shows a couple of stages of construction, Bing
Maps a couple more. AP has published a dozen or so hi-rez photos
of construction.
A lot of earthwork was done to create a flat site on a mountain side
(preceded by a small air field).
No indication of underground construction except pits and trenches
under the buildngs. With none on the surface there must be trenches
for power and signal cable.
No antenna have appeared on the site for transceiving data
like those of other of its data centers, so presumably it is done
by UG fiber optic (or antenna are hidden or remote).
Photos of construction progress of the two data buildings show
windowless envelopes made of panels and flat roofs without
various rooftop ductwork, grilles, piping and the like which appear
on roofs of other NSA and TLA facilities which might emanate
signal although not likely. (Some are littered with the stuff which
might be decoy.)
Steel structural framing is shown at Utah despite its known transmittal
of inadvertent signal, compared to say, reinforced concrete, metalized
fabric or synthetics. although are ample countermeasures available.
The pairing of structures at Utah, two of each type, data center,
generator, AC, fuel tanks, etc., show redundancy also not seen
Not much to see of protection against missiles and aerial attack
but that is the same at other NSA facilities. Wonder what supports
that confidence.
The odd bent shape of the site plan, with buildings not parallel to
one another is intriguing. Could be aesthetic but may have another
role, say to disperse richochet of inadvertent emanations.
Quite a few recent government buildings avoid the traditional
rectilinear site planning of buildings long considered to be most
cost effective and authoritarian. Some like NGA HQ, NSA Utah
and several at Ft. Meade look almost byzantine in layout, if not
a shrewd design to limit echo, amplification, richochet, or best,
to befuddle satellite peepers.

@_date: 2013-07-29 07:26:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Urea at NSA Utah Data Center 
References:  <20130729042053.079A3CCD0
For the shrewd decryption of "UT" U R being sent
a set of asbestos Underwear for eternal sleep protection
at UG H.

@_date: 2013-07-30 09:25:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Radiation Emission Controls 
An engineer formerly working at the National Radio Astronomy
Observatory ( lists its radiation
emissions controls:
Among them is the banning of vehicles which use spark plugs,
thus diesel-fueled are required.
Which suggests a question about radiation emissions at
NSA Utah Data Center's 32 large generators.
Since nearly all government and commercial data centers
have generator back-ups, how are emissions from generators
NRAO also "banned digital cameras down range after they
proved quite noisy."
Are noisy digital camera emissions more privacy threatening
than phone signals? Is NSA harvesting those emissions?

@_date: 2013-07-31 11:39:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: XKeyscore: More fun with NSA 
References: Thanks for the links. Great to see Guardian is again releasing
a full document rather than editorial blather.

@_date: 2013-03-17 19:03:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [drone-list] Syria next? 
Has there been examination about the more the US uses lethal drones overseas
the more likely IEDs or other asymmetrical weapons will be employed in the US
and allies, including plethora of makeshift CBRN (+Digital)?
Or are drones the bait being dangled for just that consequence? Recall the
military view that 9/11 was a pinprick not a serious attack worthy of mighty
military reaction, more a police matter. Perhaps useful as a provocation
for increased funding and churning.
Perhaps drones are as useful as hacks to instigate fire-up idling machinery
of warfare facing dismantline by looming budgtary reductions. Oh, right,
like 9/11 conspiracy theorists doomsay.
Curious, that so little is heard about how to beat the drones although there
must be copious of counter-drone studies in the military think tanks. Oh, national security restricted.
Too many emails? Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password by emailing moderator at companys at stanford.edu or changing your settings at

@_date: 2013-03-18 07:15:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Internet is a surveillance state 
References: <20130318100947.GB6172
That the Internet is a gigantic spying machine has been known since
its invention, the security industry has made billions pretending to
protect against its surveillance.
Schneier has also written recently that security does not work,
cannot work, that attackers are always going to excell over defenders,
due to the economic incentives to attack being greater than those
to defend.
Long a top expert selling security services, what is Schneier up to
with gloom and doom that is usually associated with selling
snake oil -- his favorite target. Has his amply promoted 24x7 services
been defeated by attackers? Is he keeping that quiet? Is he about to
be doxed, has been hit with a blackmail demand, or worse, his
defenses compromised? Who else among the experts are colluding
with this initiative to admit Internet deception from the git go?
Recall that beloved Peter Neumann and others advocate chucking
the current Internet and starting over with better security and privacy
basic requirements. Uh huh, and what will take its place, will it be
better or more snake oil? And what to do with all that stored data
of the world's greatest spying machine promoted with the complicity
of Internet advocates and the security industry?
Pardon, monsieur, foxes in the hen house, comes to mind.
Schneier says in his security-is-doomed-to-fail piece a public discussion
is needed on what to do, the experts don't have answers. That's a good
start after years of experts promising to do better next time, meanwhile
trust open source, trust us.
Where does snake oil end and "something better" begin?
Is something better ever not snake oil? Is a public discussion
of an issue never not rigged in favor of the organizers? Is
tumultous public discussion never not preamble to a coup
justified as needed to control the mob who has gotten out
of hand, who voted the wrong way, who attacked the
leaders? Who hacked the experts?
Coups are always justified as needed for security, and who
Machiavelli's the coup masters other than security and
propaganda experts yearning to maintain privilege and
Coups are not always obvious, the most effective are hardly

@_date: 2013-03-19 21:04:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] NSA Releases 136 Cryptologs 1974-1997 
Most of the Cryptologs were formerly classified Top Secret.
NSA calls it a "monumental release."
Non-searchable image files at NSA:
The full collection in a Zipped file:
 (240MB)
We OCRed the collection to raw text, no formatting, no proofreading
but fully searchable:
 (4.4MB)
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2013-03-19 21:05:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Releases 136 Cryptologs 
Most of the Cryptologs were formerly classified Top Secret.
NSA calls it a "monumental release."
Non-searchable image files at NSA:
The full collection in a Zipped file:
 (240MB)
We OCRed the collection to raw text, no formatting, no proofreading
but fully searchable:
 (4.4MB)

@_date: 2013-03-20 21:04:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Mirror of NSA Cryptologs 
NSA website seems overloaded. Mirror and index of declassified
NSA Cryptologs 1974-1997:
 cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2013-03-23 20:24:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] NSA Critiques Public Key Cryptography in 1986 
NSA Cryptolog, August-September 1986 reviews Ralph Merkel's
book, Secrecy, Authentication,and Public Key Systems, with disdain
and dismissal:
"No library need acquire this tract."
The once Secret review cites the PKC work of James Ellis, Malcolm
Williamson and Cliff Cocks at GCHQ eleven years before their role
became public in 1997.
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2013-03-25 16:21:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Material Support to Al-Qaeda 
Ex-General Stanley McChrystal:
And although to the United States, a drone strike seems to have very little risk and very little pain, at the receiving end, it feels like war. Americans have got to understand that. If we were to use our technological capabilities carelessly -- I don't think we do, but there's always the danger that you will -- then we should not be upset when someone responds with their equivalent, which is a suicide bomb in Central Park, because that's what they can respond with.

@_date: 2013-03-30 11:16:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [liberationtech] skype 
References: <20130330141801.GB6172
This cryptanalysis of Microsoft/Skype is applicable to the whole
Internet -- by design purpose-made to spy and lightly obfuscate
with patently false denials and illusory privacy and comsec --
blessed by security wizards in public, chuckled, rued and
reneged in private, usually under NDA and secrecy bonds --
flimsy, false bonds which themselves are chuckled, rued
and reneged as the experts race to turn on each other's
betrayal and grab for market share by doing the same.
Cybersecurity is the latest adverting billboard for this (leached
from WMD spying and national security long coddled by top
secret national laboratories complicitly aiding each other while
pretending opposition).
To paraphrase Jon Callas, criticism of cybersecurity is
a key escrow part of the script.
(What Jon said was "Remember, the only difference between
lawful access and espionage is whose jurisdiction it is.")
And cybersecurity wizards, like all security whores, work
for law enforcement and spies, whether Spamhaus, Spothaus,
or CyberBunker, wittingly or unwittingly showing how to attack
under light defense -- the very reason for creating and promulgating
the Internet, aka: pick your favorite and most trusted communications
medium against which even implacatory silence, getting off the grid,
pleading a deal, lovers ratting on lovers, Schmidt shitting on JA,
Manning induced to shit on himself, Swartz induced to shit on
himself, a stream of others induced to shit on and be shit on,
to wit social media, chat, Jabber, Anon, paste, backdoored encrypt,
nym, false front, megaload, the latest trick to beat the competition
while being meticulously tracked, profiled, archives, mined, targeted,
siphoned, accused with perfect evidence, APT'd, Monsegured,
Barrett Browned, slew of others like them, just when least exptected.
To paraphrase Emmanuel Goldstein, at least 25% of Internet users
are informants.

@_date: 2013-05-01 09:46:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: <nettime> No Soap! Radio? 
Stahlman's is a pretty good critique of Eric Schmidt's and Jared Cohen's
"The New Digital Age," which features exemplar Internet successes,
Google, Amazon, Facebook and Apple. And blurbed enthusiastically in
advance by Bill Clinton, Tony Blair, Henry Kissinger, General Michael Hayden,
Madeleine Albright, Walter Isaacson, Robert B. Zoellick, Michael Bloomberg,
Brent Scowcroft, Richard Branson, et al.
It envisions the entire earth hynptized by cellphones and personal
media, overturning tyrants, advancing democracy, swarming public
discourse, and caring not at all about tech-wealth accumulation and
bountiful cooperation with global spy agencies. "If you have nothing
to hide, forget about privacy." Enjoy the toys. #  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2013-11-01 11:20:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Meet ?badBIOS, ? the mysterious Mac and PC malware that 
References: Every SCIF has a unique identification (UID) based on its full
spectrum of construction materials, dimensions and MEP
characteristics. Each compromises itself by inadvertent
signals, or rather signals not usually or easily intercepted.
Same for each building and building site above and below
the surface.
Conventional SCIF design characteristics which are in the
public domain do not cover the full spectrum, typically
only the EM. Like CryptoAG and other ruses, SCIFs are
quite collectible behind the EM mask.
Similarly, TEMPEST characteristics which are in the public
domain do not cover the full spectrum of collectible
signals and metrics of compromising emanations.
Some similarity to lie detection ruses.
There are likely other ruses, as customary comsec
disinformation hardly restricted to crypto.
Now could that be what BadBIOS is up to? A leak of
disinfo for those which have limited interception and
analysis equipment? Still, it is a fine story about the many
levels of comsec onion ot be peeled.

@_date: 2013-11-01 13:29:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Public Pleasure in Spying, Not Indifference 
References: <201311011610.rA1GA7eg012720
With the rise of the Internet spying has become as ubiquitous as
motherhood and apple pie, no longer the dark world of official spies.
The Internet has made covert spying available to everyone along
with sanctimonious deniability just like the world of spooks.
Running a mail list is spying. Running a hosting service is spying.
Running a website is spying. Running a blog is sphing. Running a
network is spying. Running an email service is spying. Running a
keyserver is spying. Running an anonymizer is spying. Running
an academic data collector is spying. Offering free apps is spying.
Offering free comsec is spying.
Open source is spying. Lurking on fora is spying. Prowling Twitter,
Facebook, Reddit, Slashdot, SM, chat, OTR, Tor, the surface
net and deepnet gamut, is spying.
Baiting and arguing and flattering to induce dislosure is spying.
Hanging, recording, videoing, texting, at gatherings, conferences,
Blackhats, Defcons, RSAs, protests, squats, mash-ups, is spying.
Leaking and sharing in the public interest is spying.
Defending leakers and hackers and protestors is spying.
Accusing and blaming official spies is counterspying, that
is spying.
Journalism is spying, along with every profession, they all
Watching porn is spying, and how!
The public is not indifferent about spying, it is the principal
public past-time and often full-time. Thanks to the Internet and
a slew of personal devices spying has become better than
sex, better than gambling, better than drugs and liquor,
done openly and secretly, here there and everywhere.
Damn fine way to boost the digital economy, and if done well
earns a freedom of information award and a place in the
harem of a billionaire.

@_date: 2013-11-07 14:51:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: fuck these guys 
References: <20131106085614.GA5661
 <87wqkkrryn.fsf
Hilarious that the author of "fuck these guys" pretended to
be shocked that spies break laws and operate outside of,
above and below law, just like religions, banks, corporations,
non-profits, and very rich individuals.
NSA, ODNI and allies proclaiming that everything they do is
according to law while also proclaiming that law allows them
to break the law to fulfill their mission, should establish how
malleable law is to fit whatever mold is created by lawmakers.
Such crimes are legal rules the FISA court and its versions
That is not the worst of the scams. Worst is perpetrated here.
Public crypto's well-established weaknesses has not dissuaded
early adopters and promoters, nor those who by now know
better to continue to practice comsec voodoo on the various
crypto reinvention and recycling engines at universities,
corporate labs, bountifully government-funded.
Lavabit and Silent Circle, apparently shutdown for advertising
purposes, then shazamm, joined in a new ever better product
certified by early adopters and aging promoters with not much
else to while away their time spending their opportunistic revenue,
along with a thousand other start-ups and desperate media
cashing in on mil-gov-com-edu-org promoters' 9/11, Manning's
and Snowden's terrific marketing windfalls -- white market far
exceeded by the black market of their bounty.
That the coders were and are full of manure and venality
guarantees marketing will prevail over quality, that is the
very essence of security, as with intelligence and military
prowess. Faith-based can't be beat for gullling the people.
Faith-based protection is ancient, whether paganism,
astrology, alchemy, scientism, and modern: rationalism,
espionage, the major and minor religions, the stock market,
communism, capitalism, the national security state, Ayn
Rand and Mises, higher education,  and more recently:
Silicon Valley and Alley, anonymizing, cybersecurity,so
why not exploit fashionable crypto before it returns to
the underground, the deep web where the majestic
criminality is occurring, as ever camouflaged by
sanctimony and publicity of doing good.
Amen, brothers and sisters of the crypto Mafia braying
bribe the cops with after office lucrative positions.

@_date: 2013-11-11 19:12:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: A Fierce Domain: Conflict in Cyberspace 1986 to 2012 
A Fierce Domain: Conflict in Cyberspace 1986 to 2012:

@_date: 2013-11-13 20:39:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Brazil and Germany issue joint UN resolution on Digital Privacy 
References: <52839CE3.2000202
 <52839E92.2010806 <5283E466.4060201
 <5283EDC1.7010408 <52840B2F.2080305
 <1384392480.14309.47214977.4F1D7310

@_date: 2013-11-16 08:04:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography][Law] Jeremy Hammond Banned from using Cryptography 
References: Still, the USA's description of how its Cooperating Witness
(presumably Hector Sabu Monsegur) allegedly induced
Hammond to ply his fine mind and technical skills indicates
that ban on the use of encryption is the least hazard facing
hackers and confrontational comsec wizards:
Self-serving insiders of the comsec industry, black, white or gray,
continue to be the Achilles heel of comsec. Government use of
these trusted allies reminds that it is not only nations who fuck their
Now, this is not news, but also reminds that protestations of
injustice, outrage and anger, is all too often a conventional cover
for betrayal by cooperating witnesses.
Unfortunately, the same goes for eager participants in payback,
fault correction, workarounds, vengeance, product upgrades to
defeat the bastards. These exact means and methods were
allegedly used by Sabu to ensnare and imprison a batch of
confederates. An ancient practice effectively used on
Julian Assange: followers can be lethal.
Encryption offers squat protection from this kind of legal,
political and social engineering whose history is much
older and more effective than top coding, math, engineering,
ethics and brave challenges to authority. Usually, offer of
an irresistable plea deal, job contract, witness protection,
PR outpouring, turns a valiant outsider into a handsomely
rewarded insider. Mudge one of hundreds, perhaps thousands,
who got the warning message.
Then what to avoid the looming scythes the various Sabus (he is
surely not alone) have provided law enforcement to gradually
take down the opposition, not all at once but in the Snowden-Greenwald
manner, to slowly dribble prosecutions for maximum effect, promising
"much, much more to come?"

@_date: 2013-11-16 11:36:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography][Law] Jeremy Hammond Banned from using Cryptography 
References:  <5286CD06.40600 <52870CE9.2020905
 <52879430.2010708
Still, recognize that hammering Hammond is meant to be
sickening, as with Manning, Anonymous and Lulzsec members.
In every case rats were coerced into incriminating others by
threats of doing to them what was done to Hammond. If nobody
is ever hammered the threats are not taken seriously.
At a HOPE panel on informants, several hackers disclosed
those pressures to rat, some succumbed and were let off,
Emmanuel Goldstein admitted it, some refused and were
jailed, Bernie-X, Kevin Mitnick. All agreed it is far worse to
go through than you think. Goldstein estimated 25% of hackers
are rats.
Barrett Brown is on the hot seat right now, being offering deals
to rat, as customary, with three (!) trials postponed to maintain
pressure. Shit, even his mom was used as a fed provocation to
misbehave then as a persuasion club as were Sabu's nephew
and niece.
Anybody with a high profile is targeted, so beware publicity
hounds crowing of derrying-do and urgings by high profilers
who may or may not be in the grips of the feds, and if not,
will soon be due to their publicity narcosis, and then used
as clubs or head to jail for obstruction and recidivism or
some other nut-squeezing -- even in jail they are offered
deals to rat and sentence reduced.
In or out jail the pressure to rat continues, as with Adrian
Lamo. Ex-cons never know if an overture is an LE sting or a
an honest request for advice, so they rat to be safe -- recall
they are obliged -- forever -- to report overtures, just like
ex-spies remain under the gun to rat for life. If you haven't
been there don't imagine you know what it's like.
Don't imagine this list and others like it, chats, OTRs, TOR,
are not being spied for easy targets.

@_date: 2013-11-16 18:59:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography][Law] Jeremy Hammond Banned from using Cryptography 
That should have been Bernie-S, not -X. And Mitnick now runs
a rather profitable security service and lecture series.
About Jim Bell (he can speak for himself but I know best
how to smell and tell a rat):
The IRS secret agent leading Jim's chase, Agent Gordon, lurked
on cypherpunks for a long time, gathering names and addresses
to subpoena for Jim's grand jury probe and (first) trial. Several of us
were subpoenad along with cpunks records from some (John Gilmore
one of those). Some, like me, were summoned both for the grand jury
and the trial held in Tacoma, WA. (Sidebar: youngster Declan
McCullagh covered that and I urged him to report seditiously
enough to be sent to jail to build his rep -- he politely refused
to cellmate Jim.)
Short story (full account in the archive) is that not many supported
Jim all the way when the shit came down, indeed, brazenly ridiculed
his adventure, presumably to cover their ass from Agent Gordon
and co-lurkers always on duty hereabouts.
Who secretly ratted Jim at the grand jury remains unknown but their
behavior and sweat odor has been profiled by god and they will not
be given authentic bitcoins, only fakes with their undercover UID
embedded like Lamo.
Sorry to say Radar mag did a smear of us.
Notice upon release from prison that ex-cons are expected to
be on call. Panoptic assured. Moreso for ex-spies.
Also Open Source.

@_date: 2013-11-17 12:53:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Request for transcript: "Writers Especially Concerned 
References: That herd behavior is disappointing but customary cowardice.
Worse happened after 9/11. Many once valiant FOI fighters cleansed
their websites and heralded the need to obey the war-mongerers, and
urgently cautioned others as if the propaganda was believable.
No doubt, this self-censorship is market-driven to please
funders, advertizers and publishers who dare not displease their
dinner companions at Aspen, Davos, Bohemian Grove, and for
sure the DC centroid of privileged access to valuable information,
much of it spy boosting leakage of the Snowden type.
The heavy censorship of the Snowden documents by the hoarders
and their extremely slow pace of release while rhetorizing and
hyping the minimalist product fits this spy-favorite marketing
NPR is not what it used to appear to be. It has booted and censored
a slew of its reporters, editors and contributors. Not alone, the
journalism industry is panicked at loss of customers and is rushing
to cleanse its harem. Poor discards are deperately seeking Omidyar
and Soros invitation to their opium dens as if from frying pan into
the fire.

@_date: 2013-11-19 15:09:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Assassination Markets Hyperbole 
References: <1384474509.14308.YahooMailNeo
 <1384480885.88737.YahooMailNeo
 <1384550789.26301.YahooMailNeo
 <1384815366.99303.YahooMailNeo
 <84D8614D-1BB4-46C2-8D78-DF17BB11CF68
 <1384816356.47968.YahooMailNeo
 <3CF37822-E60F-4476-B956-FAE37FD2A537
 <528AE4B2.9040103 <1384888401.10588.4.camel
Andy Greenberg continues the lurid Forbes pro-business
hyperbole of Assassination Markets (more investor oriented
than Politics).
Wall Street loves this marketing murder shit, preferrably at global
warmaking scale.
"I am a crypto-anarchist," Sanjuro concludes. "We have a bright future ahead of us."
Sounds like Jeff Gordon redux.

@_date: 2013-11-23 12:08:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Global SIGINT Power to Generate Profits and Pay 
The NSA SIGINT Strategy 2012-2016 pretty well covers all the
comsec and crypto initiatives to covertly exploit people, cryptographers,
anonymizers, informants, planted spies, security firms, networks,
governments, nations, friends, lovers and citizens.
Not sure leaks, lawsuits and protests will deter this bounty of
profits for the comsec industry, unless the public is aroused to
demand the 3 branches grasp the nettle, and all those making
money from this deception operation decide to give up their
profits, perks and prestige.
I mean those on the comsec and crypto lists, those participating
in standards committees, those enjoying contracts and grants in
think tanks and universities, those in law firms and public interest
orgs, those in the media and academia, those in non-spy gov agencies,
pretending to be in opposition as they scramble to rejigger their
products and sales pitches, to exploit what is being fabricated
to diminish Snowden's revelations with new forms of secrecy,
technology, law, regulations, bribery, lobbying, grants, contracts,
list lurking, online and offline spying, break-ins, the usual kaboodle,
to assure the NSA goals are fulfilled.
SIGINT Goals for 2012-2016
1. (U//FOUO) Revolutionize analysis  fundamentally shift our analytic approach from a production to a discovery bias, enriched by innovative customer/partner engagement, radically increasing operational impact across all mission domains.
1.1. (U//FOUO) Through advanced tradecraft and automation, dramatically increase mastery of the global network
1.2. (U//FOUO) Conduct original analysis in a collaborative information space that mirrors how people interact in the information age
1.3. (U//FOUO) Disseminate data at its first point of relevance, share bulk data, and enable customers to address niche requirements
1.4. (U//FOUO) Drive an agile technology base mapped to the cognitive processes that underpin large scale analysis, discovery, compliance and collaboration
2. (U//FOUO) Fully leverage internal and external NSA partnerships to collaboratively discover targets, find their vulnerabilities, and overcome their network/communication defenses.
2.1. (U//FOUO) Bolster our arsenal of capabilities against the most critical cryptanalytic challenges 2.1.1. (S//SI//REL) Employ multidisciplinary approaches to cryptanalytic problems, leveraging and integrating mid-point and end-point capabilities to enable cryptanalysis
2.1.2. (S//REL) Counter the challenge of ubiquitous, strong, commercial network encryption
2.1.3. (TS//SI//REL) Counter indigenous cryptographic programs by targeting their industrial bases with all available SIGINT and HUMINT 2.1.4. (TS//SI//REL) Influence the global commercial encryption market through commercial relationships, HUMINT, and second and third party partners
2.1.5. (S//SI//REL) Continue to invest in the industrial base and drive the state of the art for High Performance Computing to maintain pre-eminent cryptanalytic capability for the nation
2.2. (TS//SI//REL) Defeat adversary cybersecurity practices in order to acquire the SIGINT data we need from anyone, anytime, anywhere
2.3. (S//SI) Enable discovery capabilities and advanced tradecraft in the collection architecture to enable the discovery of mission-critical persona, networks, accesses, signals and technologies
2.4. (S//SI) Integrate capabilities into the mission architecture, deepen workforce skill base in advanced network and signals analysis, and optimize processes and policies for the benefit of discovery
3. (S//SI//REL) Dynamically integrate endpoint, midpoint, industrial-enabled, and cryptanalytic capabilities to reach previously inaccessible targets in support of exploitation, cyber defense, and cyber operations
3.1. (C//REL) Drive the SIGINT mission architecture to underpin synchronized, integrated, multi-capability operations, extending it to mission partners
3.2. (TS//SI//REL) Integrate the SIGINT system into a national network of sensors which interactively sense, respond, and alert one another at machine speed
3.3. (U//FOUO) Continuously rebalance our portfolio of accesses and access capabilities based on current and projected contributions to key SIGINT missions
3.4. (S//SI//REL) Identify new access, collection, and exploitation methods by leveraging global business trends in data and communications services
[End excerpt]

@_date: 2013-10-01 07:09:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Surveillance 
References:  <20131001102811.GA7173
The most common for of spying for all countries is that for
assuring payment of taxes. These agencies have dossiers,
agents, informants and contractors (tax lawyers) which put
the other spies to shame (and put as much fear in the oft-blamed
spies as in citizens).
In the US the main function of early spies was to catch tax
evaders. Not to overlook that the birth of the US was about who
got the bloodily-extorted taxes.
No greater cooperation among world governments exceeds
that for catching tax evaders. The few refuges stings.
Tax laws allow far greater intrusion than those for national security.
And terrified citizens are obligated to spy and rat themselves,
family, neighbors, bosses, co-revolutionaries in particular.
Taxpayers are paid bonuses for spying on and ratting each
other, and jump to obey tax obligations, albeit with an acceptable
amount of shaving the truth. Bribes are endemic, whistleblowers
deputies of the state.
Presumably the fashionista excitement of bitching about the
rest of the spies is aimed at curring favor with the most
persistenlty threatening of the TLAs which will swoop in
like the angel of death to remind of the inescapable collusion
of both death and taxes to meticulously spy on futile efforts
to wiggle out of what is due.
Discussing this topic can get a citizen is more trouble than
viewing kiddie porn or whatever is the country's favorite
fashionista criminalization
Fortuitiously, terror was invented to payback tyrants for their
overdue abuse of taxation; today, shilled as sequestration.
Before being forfeited into submission Let us now honor the
two brave and revolutionary cypherpunks sent to prison for
defying the top spies of the way over-taxed earth.
Hail Jim, hail CJ, fuck you Agent Gordon.

@_date: 2013-10-01 11:02:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Why is  emailing me my password? 
References: The several crypto lists run by mailman email passwords monthly.
Open crypto lists are not meant to be more trustworthy than open

@_date: 2013-10-02 21:13:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Silk Road founder arrested ... 
References: <20131002123743.GA14320
 <524C41F5.5020105
 <1380734343.30026.10.camel
 <40F6437F0E924260B71B76F8F5CA8E46
 <1380740216.30026.14.camel
 <1380756854.21755.4.camel
Al-qaeda.net still works. May want to use ALQ comsec for
surefire inescapable gravity of the galaxy's ravenous spy
black dwarves. Ref: Inspire magazine 2010:
 > At first I frowned and wondered why. Then I thought it was likely a

@_date: 2013-10-06 09:51:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Silk Road taken down by FBI 
References: <20131006122841.GZ10405
This October 2, 2013, complaint describes US officials tracking
a Silk Road narcotics vendor on- and off-line:

@_date: 2013-10-09 07:55:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA UTAH data center 
References: The NSA Data Center is bit more complicated than the usual
commercial hotel or center, and perhaps is unprecedented,
thus haunted by errata.
It is composed of two apparently identical facilities, mirror
images of one another, connected by an administrative
Each facility has a data unit, a pair of 16-generator units,
a bank of cooling towers, fuel tanks and appurtances.
There is a single conventional electrical sub-station for
the complex.
It is it not known if both facilities were affected or only
one of them.
Nor is not known whether the power surges came from the
conventional electrical power system or the generators,
or from testing the emergency shutdown of the conventional
and the kick-in of the back-up gen sets.
Perhaps both powered up briefly simultaneously, overloaded
surge protectors failed, excessive juice blasted the cables,
panels, processors. The relatively small dollar amounts
indicate that only some parts were affected.
An odd feature is the banana shape, with non-parallel
units, whether for aesthetics or to avoid some unknown
richochet of parallelism so common in DoD and most other
Imagine that the lack of parallelism, surely due to the conceit
of crazed design architects eager to be different from insanely
rational engineers, caused bizarre effects, or the engineers
fought back with the customary make-work sabotage.
This theory is most pleasing to this nuthouse designer. It fits
the welter of new USG facilities worldwide which appear to
have been designed by and for the bureaucratcially insane,
aptly, expense not even considered, exemplary bloat essential,
security bollixed to the max, national debt boosting cost
over-runs and late completion obligatory for congressional
inspection junkets, followed quickly by applaudable manifold
jobs making repair of faults, corrections of errant design, IG
investigations squelched and bigger appropriations next time.
For evidence peruse the the bloated list of USG and
commercial work by the data center architects, KlingStubbins.
This is USACE and GSA heaven-sent pork unbridled by
modesty of pre-911 war-winding-down pecuniousness.
Then see the twisted edifice psycholpathology spread: the mirror-funhouse
new headquarters for Canadian Communications Security Establishment
in which the architects have been Boozed-Allened to barbarize disorienting
havoc in concert with the agency's mission to cackle and banshee at
the humongous wastage:
This is what has come from the massively copulating Internet,
data, metadata, teradata, supercalifornication data. Imaginary
only to be sure, processors idled, generators asleep, power
errantly dribbling like release of Snowden's imaginary booze

@_date: 2013-10-14 10:12:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Assassination Politics on Ycombinator 
References: <20131014091833.GV10405
 <20131014100204.GA28712
Snapshot this morning:

@_date: 2013-10-16 04:27:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [liberationtech] RiseUp 
References: <20131016062238.GK10405
Finally, Elijah, a voice of sanity among the hysteria about way
over-hypedsmall number of NSA revelations magnifying and
exposing the unexceptional Lavabit scam.
Online insecurity has been well understood since online was invented.
probably the worst ever of any means of technological communication.
Cryptographic protecton for a porous infrastructure appears the most
likely cause of the delusion, a favorite export of this list and other
crypto fora. Only recently has the fundamental weakness of online
communications has this delusion received adequate attention
and for the weakness of NSA infosec can be thanked for that.
Attention is not yet adequate for this commercial exploitation of
what comsec wizards have kept far too quiet about, although this
list raised alarms from the gitgo of encryption boosterism.
Commercial and non-official exploitation of the comsec delusion
remains far greater than that of official spies, including essential
undergirding of official spying.
Privacy policies in particular were invented as a ruse to divert
attention from ubiquitous spying on the public by online services
whether of governmental, commercial, institutional, non-profit,
personal, anonymizing, traffic hiding, the gamut of Internet
opportuniism pretty well demolished by Mozorov and others,
especially on this list, but not so much on other lists and
fora which ban incredulity, doubt, skepticism and "off-topics"
concerning comsec.
Time for more than shutting down enterprises that have
betrayed the public for two decades, that only allows the perps to
escape full accountability by governmental, commercial, institutional,
non-profit, personal, anonymizing, traffic hiding, the gamut of
Internet opportuniism.
Anonymity and leak exploiters deserve special attention for
running bait and switch operations which have led the public
to believe in shitty security for submissions, media coverage,
honesty and nobility of purpose indistinguishable from
the gov-com-org kind of hucksterism pushed as a target.
Greenwald and Assange, what have you done to Manning
and Snowden. For the answer, read cypherpunks archives.

@_date: 2013-10-16 09:21:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Curious use of cpunks list [Brian Carroll] 
References: By far all reputable and objective polls, affirmed by Rushmore
big heads Bruce Schneier and Glenn Greenwald, confirm online
usage is totally schizophrenic, escapist, indolent, idle, pointless,
still it far outdistances all alternatives in the race to maximize
and deny blood doping, elbowing competitors, hiring fans to run
naked on TV, lying recantations about never using self-loathing
Diagnosis: crypto dependency, cold dead hands, N =/ P,
PK idolatry, carpal tunnel mentality, ego aerostated by
panoptic auto-sphrincterism.
Brian Carroll, occasionally self-titled Brain Carroll, is a
very smart and polite gentleman who does not mind fools
fooling themselves psychobabbling like paranormal
tricyclists monomaniacal about can there ever be
reliable RNGs.

@_date: 2013-10-16 10:05:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA's New Codebreakers 
Whew, allegedly, no dual-use, dual-contract cryptographers
have been revealed by Snowden. Except cryptographers
are trained experts in dual-use disinforming about comsec
Seems a fair number of anonymizees duped the author of
the article. No famous crypto names, please, this is a polite

@_date: 2013-10-17 16:22:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Vernam, Mauborgne, Friedman: The One-Time Pad and the Index of 
Steven Bellovin Talk at NSA History Conference today:
Vernam, Mauborgne, Friedman: The One-Time Pad and the Index of Coincidence

@_date: 2013-10-17 16:22:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Vernam, Mauborgne, Friedman: The One-Time Pad and the Index of  Coincidence 
Steven Bellovin Talk at NSA History Conference today:
Vernam, Mauborgne, Friedman: The One-Time Pad and the Index of Coincidence
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2013-10-18 09:46:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Snowden sets OPSEC record straight 
References:  <5339F9721D7EDCA58FCFD3B0
Snowden filtered by Janes Risen filtered by New York Times,
as with all other filterings by special-interested Snowden
filters, does deliver a reassuring message to precisely
answer highly filtered questions and charges that have
been made about his heavily filtered, nay, almost negligible
Perhaps Snowden actually speaks in person, appears
in a filtered documentary, in a WikiLeaks filtered video,
emails encryptically! via Greenwald and Risen, like a
character from a brain-washing film, formulaicly, always
on point, no ifs and buts, no waverings from
propaganda-like rationales and justifications.
But so far every version of his apperances by whatever
medium come across as carefully vetted by WikiLeak's
Sarah Harrison, lawyers and PR wizards, as over-edited,
sanitized and directed, as little substantiated despite
alleged thousands of documents as hard driven
advocacy so like reviled special-interested groups of
all persuasions.
This critique applies to the dog and pony shows now
ranging the globe by freedom of information special
interests, staffed by a coterie of so-called ex-spies,
their lawyers, their PR wizards, national security
journalists and civil liberties exploiters, bedded and
applauded by camp followers, funded by egotically,
narcissisticly bored and wealth-drunk patrons like
Omidyar, Soros, and, why not j'accuse the combine,
the USG and its filthy rich spies long known to use
the wealthy to protect their common special interests
since corruption was invented, Day One.
Snowden is either an ignorant fool, seduced along
with Manning, by the narcotic dispensed by govs, NGOs,
spies and the wealthy "to do good" or a fabulous
con artist like Assange to "fleece the fuckers" as he
emailed January 2007, via leaks extortion, that is,
adopt the strategy and tactics of the "enemy" to
seduce others into their concentrated wealth carnal

@_date: 2013-10-18 09:52:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Just Published: Secrets and Leaks: The Dilemma of State Secrecy 
Secrets and Leaks: The Dilemma of State Secrecy, Rahul Sagar:

@_date: 2013-10-18 13:54:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NYT Planning NSA Ppaers 
Musings on Snowden being devoured, threatened then totemized
like Ellsberg:

@_date: 2013-10-18 14:34:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] NYT Planning NSA Ppaers 
References: Carlos Slim is my gym client. Despite begging and tipping
bags of pesos, not yet slim. Hung before his exerbike is
Thompson's headshot.

@_date: 2013-10-18 15:31:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptome] Thank You, Edward Snowden 
References: Pure bullshit, putting it politely. More accurately self-serving
bullshit. None of these bear-hugging rhetoricians have the guts
to do what Manning and Snowden have done, nor those who
have been their clients, speechifying fees and funding topics,
career boosters, campaign posters, cowardly woe-is-the-US
industry while enjoying the beltway and coastal perks and
prizes beloved of arm chair pundits and civil liberties pimps.
This is vulgar behavior parading as valiant derring-do, never
ever crossing the red line of genuine courage.
Merely thanking Snowden and Manning, rather than crossing
the line of lawfulness into their fearful terrain is as predictable
national security mongering on all sides.
Pity Snowden for falling into their trap.
And burn that ACLU card after gazing at the 1/2 million
salary of its slick director over-paid to suck the teats
of excessively wealthy under cover of thousands of
lesser contributors corraled into craven water-carrying
for legal actions amply exploited for billable hours.
Why Wyden and his ilk milk insider knowledge as if
privileged journalists should be no mystery. It is the
coin of kings.

@_date: 2013-10-18 16:22:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptome] Re: Thank You, Edward Snowden 
References: Schneier is a leader of the monetizing pack, never
crosses the line, sits among the stellars of institutional
control, incessantly promotes his wares, spoon-feds
fans. Predictably for self-promoters, like other stellars,
he is security chief for a principal telecom spy. Impolitely,
a security flack, which may be redundant.
Self-reportedly he is helping skim, cherry-pick, sanitize,
ass-cover abetters of NSA, shoveling insider tips to outlets.
Warns must not go too far in response, merely securitize!
the net. Which is the scam comseckers have been running
in cahoots with the officials since the birth of government
Snowden and Manning, the brands and fans, let others off the
hook, when more like them are needed to avoid sacralization of
the crucified.
Just hope there are a lot more doing truly good behind and
below the media and crazed followers tampering down of
dissent with adoration, gratitude, attitude and hyperbolization.
Leaks should be done without fanfare, which contradicts the
very term.

@_date: 2013-10-18 16:37:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Snowden Comsec Is Stupefying 
We still don't know, and likely will never know, what is in the
Snowden collection. Admirable as his courage may be, he
erred in handing it over to media incapable of assessing the
whole wad, which has led to the teasing and hyperbolized
accounts valorizing crypto to armor info-warriors.
Perhaps more capable assessment is being done and will
be made public in a credible fashion instead of the goofy
call for debate before much is known beyond rhetoric and
hype. The heavy-handed redactions suggest official advice
threats and culling, and do not augur well for seeing the rest.
Stupid claims of hiding the collection, insurance as stupid as
that of WikiLeaks, stupidly sending some or all of it to other
parties, come across as patent dissimulation of the comsec
advertising type.
Comsec is now a fat mark-up of junk, espoused by stupid
comsec advisers to journalists as if a saintly medallion to
stop a bullet.

@_date: 2013-10-19 08:37:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Snowden Comsec Is Stupefying 
References: It is not either dribble / or "dump" as favored outlets are
pontificating, seemingly by ostentatious agreement to
limit harm to governments by harming the public.
Both: provide the documents in a publicly accessible
depository as well as narrate their significance for those
who prefer readers digest and authoritative guidance.
Right now, DocumntCloud provides this depository, holds
over 400,000 documents provided by "authenticated"
journalists to substantiate their reports and to share with
others. Nearly all of the Snowden documents are on file there.
Researchers and other journalists want to see original
material for their own edification, interpretations and
uses. And to balance the inevitable bias and lack of
understanding common to all of us. Bear in mind that
readers digests, narratives and editorials are entertaining
fiction like "news."
Similarly, WikiLeaks initially provided copious documents as
back-up to its commentary. And still does despite an uptick
in exhortatory narratives. So does Federation of American
Scientists, National Security Archive, Public Intelligence,
Crytpocomb, and dozens more, some very old, other new:
This dribbling of documents is a moneymaking scam which
may increase in harm by concealing information that puts
people in harm's way, not the spies and their agents. Or
worse, choking the flow is required by a confidential
negotiated agreement or policy to test the market, test
the USG response, vet with governments as most major
newpapers do "to limit harm" a code word of complicity.
At one point early on Greenwald says he considered setting a
web site for the documents to be called NSADocuments.
It is not clear what led him to go a conventional monetized
route with the Guardian. Nor the conditions under which
WaPo, O Globo, Der Spiegel, New York Times and ProPublica
were brought into the stream.
What is annoying for the special purpose of this honorable
list of understatement is the braying about encryption as if
that is now mandatory PR to show comsec responsibility.
Nothing about the well-known weaknesses of encryption, its frequent
failures, its backdoors, its extremely misleading marketing,
its long history of many failures and few successes, its
use for entrapment and tracking, its customary snake
oil claims, its recantment by original authors, its cover-up
by original authors, its hopelessly fuck-up state at the
present time and crazed efforts to patchwork temporary
solutions to prop up damaged markets and tattered
reputations amply demonstrated here and other crypto
fora, especially the chickenshit one which bans political and
embarassing topics, therefore most likely populated with
those deeply and long complicit in commercial and
governmental exploitation of the public.
No need to beat the dead horses of Tor, anonymizers,
OTR, OTP, sekret chats, sneaker nets, black nets,
key signing parties, key revocations, forgeries,
impersonations, giant corps and NGOs, use of
trusted cryptoids to front dubious surefire protection,
use of bold names to mislead corrective efforts for
damage they themselves caused, in particular
misleading Manning, Snowden, Anonymous, LulzSec
and many others about comsec.

@_date: 2013-10-19 08:57:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: bird.comms + compilers (urls) 
References: This is the most interesting post to appear since the list
was re-energized.
The weakest elements of comsec are related to matters
seldom discussed on crypto fora which are heavily biased
toward digital technology. As might be expected on the
Internet and its crippling and perhaps fatal dependence on
digi-tech isolation from reality.
Manifold other means and methods of comsec get short
shrift on the Internet yet are the most frequent ways that
digital comsec is breached, defeated, embarassed,
ridiculed, dumped for legacy methods that require
deep familiarity with divers physical and electromagnetic
constraints and exploits.
Brian Carroll, in case you have missed his copious
contributions elsewhere, is more adept than most in
addressing the conceits of digi-tech masters by providing
leads to these diverse legacies. Don't expect him to
rollover and succumb to the usual putdowns of conceited
Happily, this noble list is broadminded enough to host
his offerings which would be banned on premier digi-tech
hideaways from reality.

@_date: 2013-10-19 10:59:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: HTML List Abuse (was: "please ignore: this is only a test") 
References:  <1382061423823.bc33014d
 <5261AAC3.6050102
 <20131019142201.GZ10405
Wait, numbbutt whiners, there is gold in those duplicates, triplicates.
Eugen's multiple posts are not identical. Best save them all
for the quite valuable and revealing metadata which differs
for each. That metadata's value usually exceeds the stupid
bitchings rancid and senseless as oh so witty tweets.
And responses from the various fora also differ and provide
information and metadata which may be senselessly filtered,
typical comsec arrogantly foot shooting and blinding to score
points of utter insignificance except to metadata profiling of
the gullbile whiners and tut-tutters and tutors.
Peer closely: you will see that Eugen is working his ass off
on behalf of metadata planters, siphoners and exploiters who
designed and run all levels and permutations of open and
secret Internet, doing damn fine pinging and backstabbing
as high-level trained to do, to work in wolf packs against
sheeps gamboling as if their herder was the absolutely
incorruptible RISKS operator, planter, siphoner, exploiter,
redesigner of an even more pernicious Internet gobbler.

@_date: 2013-10-25 18:44:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [ExI] chilling effects 
References: <20131025203529.GV10405
A useful invention, or discovery, similar to that of public key
enryption, would be to devise a means to communicate such
that no communication, as we now know it, would actually occur.
Consider what ineffable thought led young Whit Diffie to imagine
PKC. He says it came to him at one point, not altogether believable
at first, thinking there must be a fault somewhere, if valid surely
it had been figured out before. As we know, it had been, by
the quiet Brits, and kept top secret.
What else like that is going on, has gone on, will gone on, all
the while evading classification at birth, not patented, not yet
institutionalized in secrecy madhouses hoarding the best and
brightest, as we know those terms of entrapment.
Consider that a non-communication ineffability has been invented,
or discovered, or is gestating in one or more young minds not
yet regimented by too much education, too much experience,
too much jaded skepticism, too little imagination, too much
comfort of reputation, salary, prizes and pensions, too much
blind faith in technology or mathematics, too much secrecy
as we know them to be crushing of novelty and waywardness.
For example, if the non-communication required no physical or
electromagnetic means but was based on say, conviction, or
concepts, or ideas, or imagination. The message would be
intuited, let us say, or grasped by deduction or induction, or
simply was shared without obvious effort except perhaps
an urge or yearning or desire or hunger or passion or insight,
or why not go for it, love.
Turns out this is not all that unusual. It is rather commonplace
if not ubiquitous. Animals do it, so do vegetables, and probably
minerals, though that is hard to say for sure, perhaps a volcanic
eruption or earthquake or asteroid is passing along content
as well as metadata.
Thought, perhaps faith, exchanges content by ineffability.
The arts, perhaps theoretical if not experimental science,
do too.
Brian Carroll has been exploring these possibilities for
some two decades. If he, then others, most of them
little known, not on the list of comsec wizards, not on
lists at all. That could be what keeps working at the level
of the successors to Diffie  -- and the Brits silenced
by the OSA..

@_date: 2013-10-26 10:24:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Love and Math Reviewed by NY Times 
Love and Math, by Edward Frenkel, is reviewed in tomorrow's
NY Times.
"Frenkel believes math deserves to be an integral part of our
culture. Why is everyone talking about planets, atoms and
DNA and not symmetry groups? For one thing, you cant
get cancer from a mutation of a symmetry group. But
Frenkel writes that math 'directs the flow of the universe.'
Its as elegant as music and as much a part of our
intellectual heritage as literature. He strives to awaken
our wonder by taking us on an equation-packed tour of
his research, in which he reveals a hidden world few
of us encountered in school."
Returning to Whit Diffie musing on what led to his discovery
or invention of public key cryptography -- found in what might
be termed a hidden world of mathematics -- there may be
still hidden mathematical forms of communication that
does not rely upon technology's inevitable comsec failure.
The NSA global invasion appears almost wholly based on the
failure of technology rather than mathematics, as our esteemed
cryptographers remind. Much of the current tweaking and
further invention appear driven by technology, code,
engineering, politics, law and polemics, again not mathematics.
No wonder, that, for math is beyond grasp of those who
believe the non-mathematical is too hard to see, hear, smell,
touch, write, understand, market and melodramatically
induce media delirium by way of officially-hostile and
unauthorized disclosures.
Whither the NSA bountiful mathematicians in protecting
its family jewels of invasive technology? Stuck in crypto
labs musing like Diffies in manifold hideways?
Frenkel's linking of love and mathematics is worth pondering
in the face of the megalomania, demogoguery, popularity and
profitability of faultly technology, ever breeding abuse, counter
abuse, blame and exculpation, feeding the market for official
joined to unofficial invasion and combat, collateral damage

@_date: 2013-10-26 11:01:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA, Love and Math 2 
Brian Carroll has been exploring these possibilities since 1999:

@_date: 2013-10-28 08:44:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CIA-NSA Special Collection Service for Unnatural Gas 
References:  <20131028073908.GV10405
As Eugen knows the image is from Der Spiegel illustrating
the CIA-NSA Special Collection Service, apparently from
the slowly dribbling allegedly vast Snowden reservoir
of unnatural gaseous once-secrets now being secretly
pipelined to commercial fuel stations for lucrative mark-ups
due to the allegedly limiited amount of natural gas inside
national capitals:
Cryptome on the CIA-NSA Special Collection Service
unnatural gaseous exploration since 2000:

@_date: 2013-10-28 09:08:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptome] Re: CIA-NSA Special Collection Service for 
References:  <20131028073908.GV10405
Spain's phone interceptions is less than 5% of the 125 billion total.
Far more in the Middle East and rest of the economically exploited
world which is hardly alarmed like the economic and military imperial
Europeans since they know the EU is doing what the US is doing,
thus are not pretending shock, shock, shock as cover-up of
digital-internet-undersea-cable-satellite predations.
Interesting to compare petroleum and natural gas exploitation
to that of digital and spectrum exploitation. Limit production and
cut off oil to raise prices and battle competitors, cut off the
internet, cables and spectrum, what's so different.

@_date: 2013-10-28 10:49:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptome] how embassy eavesdropping works 
References: <20131028135245.GR10405
Duncan Cambell is one of the few journalists superbly gifted
in science, technology and informed analysis. He has a degree
in nuclear physics, his mom reportedly a long-time employee
of a UK spy agency, which must have led to great dinner
convos when he and two other youngsters were prosecuted
in 1978 for violating the OSA, and found innocent (she was
an enthusiastic supporter):
Duncan introduced Cryptome in 1996 to 5-Eyes Echelon,
Nicky Hager, Mike Frost, Perry Fellwock (outed NSA in 1974),
and their bountiful reports on global surveillance in the 1980s
and 1990s.
Summary of their digging into secrets without benefit of leak
and fixed slot machines, their voluminous and generous hard
work done back then that led to today's dribbling parsimonious
and niggardly news:
Duncan had a long email exchange with Microsoft in 2000 about
the so-called NSA_key which allegedly allowed covert access to
MS products:
And, Germany knew about 5-eyes spying in 2000:
What Duncan and these master researchers could do with the
Snowden pile can only be dreamed about, unless, we pray,
the pile has been shared with them (rumors they have helped
WL). Certainly they could outdo the The Guardian (Campbell
reports there occasionally), New York Times, Der Spiegel,
WaPo, WSJ, et al lightweight poseurs.

@_date: 2013-10-29 09:45:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptome] After Der Spiegel " revealed that the roof of 
References: Yes, there is finally coverage of the physical architecture of
spying not just the "digital-architecture" of slides, texts
and hyperbole.
Duncan Campbell has reported on this physical architecture
of hardware and facilities for decades and has advised
several of the journalists covering the NSA releases who
lack his experience and technical knowledge. Jacob
Appelbaum confirms, others have not yet done so, and may
be incapable of admitting limited knowledge after building
careers of knowledgeability, yes, this is about cryptology
and anonymity.
PKC and anonymizers have become a celebrity drugs.
Moreover, the valorization of comsec coding over the
physical architecture has misled both the coders and
their public about the weaknesses of comsec, a gaping
hole through which national spies have driven large
trucks to gather and transport mountains of data while
the cyber-guards gaze at online security programs,
engoring large fees for 24x7 protection, search and
destroy, Stuxnet, virii, hacks, 0-days, terrifying
Keep in mind this which has received almost no
attention now or in the past:
What is online and on the roof of embassies is not
the source of most spying, that is a ruse.
Every building has a unique identification (UID) based
on its comprehensive materiality of building materials,
mechanical and electrical systems, shape, spaces,
usage, population, devices used by inhabitants (coming
and going and resting), rate of deterioration, repairs,
renovations. This in addition to official records in
a slew of regulating agencies, contracts for services,
networks, bugs, taps, implants, human spies, automation,
fautly security systems.
In effect, every building is a transceiver of its metadata
and its contents without need for the ruse of local
penetration. Just an ocean-going vessel, aircraft or
satellite. Virtually nothing is being done to prevent
this self-disclosing transceiving. Tempest protection
is insignificant, and SCIFs are ridiculous.
It is not clear if Snowden knows this or has been deluded
by the blinding conceit of cyber war and as a consequence
does not know what comsec delusion he is sincerely
promulgating to the great pleasure of those who know
exactly how to help him succeed by protesting vigorously.
Back to why Merkel, Obama and other leaders are dancing
in a global delusion of what they do not know, pretending
outrage so superficial it suggests they really can't believe
they are stooges. As do we.

@_date: 2013-10-29 19:01:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US Says Phone Spy Data Came from EU Spies, May Anger EU 
References: US Says Phone Spy Data Came from EU Spies, May Anger EU Citizens at Their Spies Role:
NY Times editorializes today that "everybody spies like us" is a circle jerk.

@_date: 2013-09-02 17:49:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Eccentricity: How Hard to Crack a Cryptosystem 
References: One of the many eccentricities of crypto is speculating on how
long and how much computing power would be needed to crack
a particular cryptosystem, its algorithm or "implementation."
A favorite of popular writing on the topic, it is likely these
claims are pure fiction fabricated to satisfy headlines and
deadlines -- and, as always, to market or rididule a competitor's
piece of shit.
No Wikipedia entry on the phrase "crypto implementation,"
the all-time favorite excuse for the shit's absolute certain failure.
Some examples among hundreds:
No. 1
[No date]
DigiCert's base standard is to use 2048-bit keys in secure SSL certificates - that is enormously stronger than anything Lenstra et al attempted, in fact, it would require factoring a 617-digit number. RSA Labs claim (see:  that 2048-bit keys are 2^32 (2 to the power of 32) times harder to break using NFS, than 1024-bit keys. 2^32 = 4,294,967,296 or almost 4.3 billion, therefore breaking a DigiCert 2048-bit SSL certificate would take about 4.3 billion times longer (using the same standard desktop processing) than doing it for a 1024-bit key. It is therefore estimated, that standard desktop computing power would take 4,294,967,296 x 1.5 million years to break a DigiCert 2048-bit SSL certificate. Or, in other words, a little over 6.4 quadrillion years.
In putting together our video, we estimated the age of the Universe to be 13,751,783,021 years or a little over 13.75 billion years, therefore if you tried to break a DigiCert 2048-bit SSL certificate using a standard modern desktop computer, and you started at the beginning of time, you would have expended 13 billion years of processing by the time you got back to today, and you would still have to repeat that entire process 468,481 times one after the other into our far far distant future before there was a good probability of breaking the certificate. In fact the Universe itself would grow dark before you even got close.
No. 2
How secure is AES against brute force attacks?
Mohit Arora, Sr. Systems Engineer & Security Architect, Freescale Semiconductor
5/7/2012 05:29 PM EDT
Even with a supercomputer, it would take 1 billion billion years to crack the 128-bit AES key using brute force attack. This is more than the age of the universe (13.75 billion years). If one were to assume that a computing system existed that could recover a DES key in a second, it would still take that same machine approximately 149 trillion years to crack a 128-bit AES key.
No. 3
The clock is ticking for encryption
The tidy world of cryptography may be upended by the arrival of quantum computers.
By Lamont Wood
March 21, 2011 06:00 AM ET
Today's encryption algorithms can be broken. Their security derives from the wildly impractical lengths of time it can take to do so.
Let's say you're using a 128-bit AES cipher. The number of possible keys with 128 bits is 2 raised to the power of 128, or 3.4x1038, or 340 undecillion. Assuming no information on the nature of the key is available (such as the fact that the owner likes to use his or her children's birthdays), a code-breaking attempt would require testing each possible key until one was found that worked.
Assuming that enough computing power was amassed to test 1 trillion keys per second, testing all possible keys would take 10.79 quintillion years. This is about 785 million times the age of the visible universe (13.75 billion years). On the other hand, you might get lucky in the first 10 minutes.
But using quantum technology with the same throughput, exhausting the possibilities of a 128-bit AES key would take about six months. If a quantum system had to crack a 256-bit key, it would take about as much time as a conventional computer needs to crack a 128-bit key.
A quantum computer could crack a cipher that uses the RSA or EC algorithms almost immediately.
No. 4
Thanks, XKCD

@_date: 2013-09-03 15:09:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WaPo releases details on US offensive cyber-ops 
net-744217887-
References: <355092055-1378167796-cardhu_decombobulator_blackberry.rim.net-744217887-
An et al asks:
How cyber ops physically take place, the architecture and
engineering of the cyber architecture Snowden alludes to.
Computers and networks are small pieces compared to
where they housed, bunkered, trenched, drowned, aired,
emitted, lofted, arrayed, hidden. Those structures of the
infrastructure are as costly as the human power and
much greater in scope and necessity -- and immensely
targetable thanks to ostentatious appurtenances of antennas,
fences, barriers, sensors, stand-offs, chopper pads,
cafes, health and environmental inspections, power lines
and sub-stations, and not least loose lips of contractors
and disaffected employees.
We know the location of some of the principal offices and
HQs, but those are misleading icons, as much ruses as
as leaked budget tables, congrats for those teasing
leads BTW.
Specifics may be withheld to "protect operations and lives"
but that also leaves out how these systems function beyond
stupidly idiotic slides and dissimulative photoshops, which
may thrill and placate with top classification markings
governmental overseers reading public but are ridiculously
simple-minded to techies who are obliged to seance
dot connections of mouse to LAN to WAN to Internet
to hubs to hotels to White House to SE-WE-ME.
Care to share those kind docs we architects can
de-blueprint for you?

@_date: 2013-09-03 19:04:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Safest exit country? 
References: Look for gaps in global and national systems. Where there
is limited or no services. Rig a temporary hook-up, move
often, spread chaff, wipe traces.
Review ham radio history of legal and illegal provenance,
bootlegged and boot-strapped comms systems, illegal
systems which subversively tap into legal systems, short
and long-term.
Study favelas, ghettos, urban poverty rigs, ingenuity-led
poor countries, irrational rogue states, uncontrollable
mavericks, misfits and outlaws, rebels, and huge
variety of criminals, white, blue, pink, T-shirt collared.
Study covert operations of many kinds and histories. They
are a great many of them, past, present and future, all
"under the radar," more or less, but who knows for sure.
Avoid advanced countries who are manifestly in favor
of ubiquitous spying at home and in other countries;
their spies work in concert and in opposition but above
all else hate spylessness and avidly work to infect the
healthy unspied.
Expect to be betrayed, deceived, tricked, given shitty
advice, plagarized for good stuff, fed very bad stuff.
Like this forum.
Whatever you set up keep quiet about it or it will
be invaded and violated. Do not feed the animals.
At the moment, it would be prudent to avoid Tor which
has become a favorite target and user of spies, counterspies,
betrayers, opportunists, hustlers, tricksters, con artists,
panhandlers, pornographers, thieves, security testers,
data gobblers, sting operators, in short, no better or
worse than the internet but not as bad as cellphone
systems and human discourse.
Read the Tor mail lists, founts of hype and disinfo:
Tor Project hustlers currently advise critics "if you don't
like Tor, set up your own." That is excellent advice, and
a surefire indicator that that is what they have done. Yep,
another Tor onion-routed below the ruse, tucked behind
easily found hidden services, exited around camouflaging
exits. That, to be sure, was and remains the fundamental
intent of Tor: off the grid, criminal, illegal, illegitimate,
government grade security.

@_date: 2013-09-04 07:00:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NSA and cryptanalysis 
References: <20130902101431.GW29404
This is the achilles heel of the Snowden drop. PowerPoint,
Photoshop and redactions coutured in editorial elaboration of
documents not revealed is exactly what officials do to
spin material and manipulate the public.
The Snowden material needs an untethered, unchoked,
and unmarionetted leaker not more commercial journalism
dribbling what, unforntunately has become common in the
"era of WikiLeaks journalism," is disinfo. And implies the
prospect of complicity with authorities under rigging of
privileged journalism and coddled D-Noticers.
The Guardian has belatedly confessed to that. And WaPo
and the NYT have they have and will vet Snowden material
with the USG before release. Which suggests cotinuation
of a lot more editorial elaboration, TV garavitasing, bowdlerized
reports and articles, Dough-Boy books, Op X films, primly
steriolized documentaries. In effect, a propaganda push
right out of the 1950s through the 2010s configured for
cyberwar coldwar. Manchurian Assange, Manning, Snowden
featured a la Zizek in the Guardian yesterday.
Little crypto will be revealed, except misleading urge
to use it as Snowden has done, instead much fancified
metadata -- not to overlook the metaphysics of hyping
entertaining leakage, now a booming culture of deceit
continuing the cult of spy fiction began in days of
Art of War.

@_date: 2013-09-04 10:51:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] NSA and cryptanalysis 
References: <20130902101431.GW29404
Still, it is not easy knowing who is who when they play the
same game using the same strategies, moves, gambits,
ploys, feints, struts, deceptions. This mirroring of the opposition
is a long tradition of authorities, their covert agents and
provocateurs manipulating their citizenry, consumers, fans,
doling out manufactured information.
No doubt the game advances the interests of all the games players
so long as they follow their agreed upon rules and cheat very
carefully. We may admire their skill and daring and triumphs but
the rules state we are not qualified to be the players, that requires
ranking by authorities of the game.
Assange was once not a player, studied hard, watched the masters,
now he is surrounded by grand masterful players and reaps the
rewards of fame, acclaim, and happily the monetary prizes, to
be sure spending a lot of that on lawyers and promoters. So
it goes.
Meanwhile there is a need for more undoctored documents
for the newbies and bystanders angling for a chance, for
consumers to see what happens offstage, how vetting and
redacting, parceling and censoring is done.
But Assange and cohorts have become secretive about the
WikiLeaks operation and apparently (who knows) hidden
stashes of income, in concert with the practices of secretkeepers
of all stripes.
And not least WL engages in defamation to an almost hysterical
extent that suggests much to hide, again mirroring authoritarian
shilling. Promoting adversarialism is ancient theocracy where
only priests play the game they rig.
Let us all play, unmedicated by reputation-mongering tradecraft
of TV, news, advertizing, limited access to documentation and
overload of "if you knew what we know, trust us" pulp fiction.

@_date: 2013-09-04 13:05:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Media Gag of Barrett Brown Case 
Filed this morning for the hearing:
Media should cover the USG Exhibits to gag media coverage
of Barrett Brown:
The USG argument to gag media coverage:
Defense opposition to the gag order:

@_date: 2013-09-04 15:37:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Gag Ordered in Barrett Brown Case 
References: Barrett Brown judge issued a gag order today:

@_date: 2013-09-04 17:21:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Gag Ordered in Barrett Brown Case 
References:  <1378329023.30897.18006741.3B86CB12
For the order use:
The t.co is not by us.

@_date: 2013-09-05 09:41:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tor Project Fora Critique 
References: <20130905114723.GI29404
Tor Project discussion lists have become characterized by a
a tone of dismissiveness, knee-jerkedness, when critiques
are presented. This is pretty common in such fora as they
age and lazy old-timers put down newbies as if a sport,
shooting fish in a barrel, or as in this instance, flogging a
dead horse.
Occasionally, again as in this instance of critiquing Hidden
Services, a thoughtful response is provided rather than a
putdown. The more experienced Tor contributors are not
as susceptible to putdowns as the middling and bottomers,
certainly not as offensive as the Tor Project promoters,
funders and fans.
It would be helpful to distinguish between those who know
onion-routing in depth and those who advocate its use
with what often appears to be primarily public relations and
advertizing disdain toward critics and inquirers.
Reviewing the depth of research at the Naval Research Laboratory
on network security and anonymization indicates that serious
research has been done long before Tor Project appeared.
Three of those researchers are affiliated with Tor Project
and keep it from being dubious flim-flammery in which
posing and pontificating front for technical inexperience.
Tor Project is more like a sales operation for scientific and
engineering endeavors. And in that role it boosts and promotes,
sounding sometimes like snake oil, another overused cliche,
than the skeptical and inquiring research at scientists and
engineers at the NRL.
Tor fora suffer the same consequences as this one, producing
mostly shallow bullshit, mea culpa, with occasional leads for
pursuing offline endeavors requiring much time for lasting
Chat and mail lists, like reader comments and polls, have
become promotional gimmicks, run by PR hustlers with
about as much knowledge of discussion topics as
salespeople usually have.
One clue to unreliability is when a former engineer takes over
sales and deploys promotional hyperbole as the principal
marketing tool on fora, at talks, with speeches, articles,
interviews, fund-raisers, documentaries, books, parties,
conferences, 2P2, F2F, debates, all aimed at dominating
a niche.
In Tor Project's case, propaganda for illusory anonymity
has become its main product, as befits an org established
and funded by the USG for that purpose.
Naval Research Laboratory should not be demeaned to
the level of the all too slick Tor Project. And chattering
on Tor fora should not to be confused with substantial
contributions to helping protect the non-technical public
from technical exploitation by sales and advertising
NSA is far from being alone in this USG-sponsored
dual-use, dual-purpose, duplicity. Layered security
like onion-routing is cloaking how things work with
How Things Work for Dummies.

@_date: 2013-09-05 10:02:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Spy Files: New WikiLeaks docs expose secretive, unruly 
References: <20130905131635.GL29404
Time to stop using weasely "surveillance" and "intelligence"
and "analysis" and "actionable" and "national security."
It's all spying.
The weasel words were invented and are promoted to
avoid the rightful horror, stigma, sleaze, criminality, betrayal,
illegality, dishonor, distrust, deception, assassination and
worse duplicity and treachery of official policy.
Perhaps not so surprising, the newly all-powerful US uses
the weasel words more than the older nations who know
what we newbies refuse to acknowledge: millions die
because of deliberate official and commercial spying
Good on WikiLeaks for naming what the shamefully
spreading shit is.
Fuck RT for lying about its name as a spy unit is obliged
to do. KGB=FSB=RT. As global state-privileged media
continues to do obediently for the same commercial
Coda: Free the Snowden docs, end censoring, peddling and
lying about them like spies. That's you I'm talking about
WikiLeaks, Guardian, Der Spiegel, Washington Post, O Globo,
New York Times, ProPublica, end your secretive commercial
spy aiding.

@_date: 2013-09-05 16:06:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Guardian on NSA & GCHQ cryptowar 
References: <5228D858.1090008
NYT and ProPublica join Guardian. Spiegel, WaPo, O Globo
to withhold Snowden docs, substitute editorializing for fearful
to print.

@_date: 2013-09-05 19:56:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] regarding the NSA crypto "breakthrough" 
References: More words from a non-techie:
David Kahn, James Bamford, Seymour Hersh and quite
a few NSA and other spy types, in particular heads of
agencies, Congress, POTUS. SCOTUS, DoJ, are word
people. So try as they might to match a word account to
the coders and mathematicians, it's pretty well impossible.
And the reverse is true from the techies to the wordies.
Not many hard core cryptographers are persuasive wordies,
so the wordies often run the public show, in the same way
the hard cores runs the labs and hacker blow-outs with
wearable computers and fuzzy PowerPoints of what a
literate person would see as alphanumeric wallpaper.
Keep in mind that even many of the reputable tech reporters
are not all that techie but are adept at using words lifted
from tech drunken orgies. Same in my field of archtecture:
the highly literate architectural critics know squat of the
down and dirty but excell at reaching the public with
artfully simulated accounts burnishing reputations of
marketable greatness.
In the case of NSA, be damn sure that all its heads
knew or know squat about NSA deep tech so they are
suited to move the product in blissful ignorance to
customers of similar know-not. Michael Hayden and Keith
Alexander are perfect for using vapid words to persuade
non-techies as little truth as possible is just fine.
Back to the latest failure to reveal technical docs.
Those who know what's important about them
are not likely to tell journalists that, may be incapable
of doing so in a way that journalists can apply
their vaunted skepticism of sources -- using word
skills of truthiness. So what is transferred are
narratives, stories, rhetoric, bombast, in lieu of
technical specs, math, algorithms, fabrication
drawings, chemical and electrical formulations,
doses of EM and anti-EM just precisely zapped
to the nano-fullerine /->^256/1029: the myrrh and
honey of technies, sleep-eeze to the wordies
who yawn is that a go or no go to slick brochure
"Breakthrough" is PR, which might suggest quotation
marks around all the NSA revelations -- so far. A long
shot that technical docs will be leaked inadvertently,
maybe left as digital debris inside one of the PowerPoint
files put on a reused thumb drive and recoverable
in a filthy techie lab. I think Ross Anderson could siphon
and decipher that compromising junk in a flash.
Ross is pretty good at no-nonsense English too.

@_date: 2013-09-06 04:43:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bruce Schneier on BULLRUN and related NSA programs 
References: Thanks for this pointer which leads to Schneier's two reports
in the Guardian about cooperating with Greenwald.
As head of BT security it is hard to believe that Schneier did not
know about BT's covert cooperation with GCHQ and NSA.
His NDA with BT would likely prevent disclosing that knowledge
along with protection of his vaunted rep as an incorruptible FOI
Similarly with other notable comsec wizards, the duplicity of
NSA and GCHQ should not be a surprise unless pretense of
surprise is part of the highly rewarding covert cooperation.
Cryptographers are of necessity shady operators, the louder
they profess trustworthiness the more likely not, NSA and
GCHQ role models and dispensers of lucre the role model.
I seem to recall that there is an inverse relationship between
advertized trust and deserved. Modest and quiet cryptographers
have superior ethics over word artists. So a good match
between commercially successful essayists Schneier and
Greenwald. Let the haughty rhetoric gush.
And as Schneier blogs, wise to keep secrets in their pocket(book)s.
And as he demurs to the Guardian and others on why not
release all the Snowden docs, presumably the docs need careful
vetting to prevent embarassing disclosures of duplicity of
media and comsec wizards, a tradition as old as comsec.
Schneier's aptly revealing humor about crypto weakness:
it's never the math, its the agents of the code.

@_date: 2013-09-06 07:14:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Matthew Green: An understated response to the NSA and 
References: <20130906105140.GS29404
An understated response to the NSA and unidentifed friends treachery:
More of these expected, many. But who knows, as Green says,
all could go back to swell comsec business as usual.

@_date: 2013-09-06 08:52:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
References: <20130906120839.GE29404
About time this "informed speculation" happened, long overdue.
Hope it turns out to be that and more:
For those not on the cryptography list by Perry Metzger, the
thread so far:
Heavily moderated, no bullshit except of the highest quality of informed

@_date: 2013-09-06 11:14:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FBI OpenBSD Backdoors and RSA Cipher Vulnerability 
12 January 2012. FBI OpenBSD Backdoors and RSA Cipher Vulnerability:

@_date: 2013-09-06 16:17:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Archive 1992-1998 
References: <1378466246.8200.1.camel
 <20130906190649.GD29404
Cypherpunks Archive 1992-1998 in raw text:
 (83MB)
By year:
 (790KB)
 (7.4MB)
 (11.8MB)
 (10.1MB)
 (21.6MB)
 (20.7MB)
 (10.8MB)
Who October 26, 1996:
 (34KB)

@_date: 2013-09-08 09:12:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Political Cypherpunks Trumps Apolitical Cryptography 
References: <20130908114840.GW29404
What is striking about discussion on the two cryptography mail
lists, both set up to minimize discussing political and social
issues to avoid cypherpunks acceptance of them, is the
tentative reconsideration of those issues due to Snowden's
revelations, miniscule as they are.
Notable among those raising the political threat are those
who disdained the issue on cypherpunks and stomped off
to set up alternatives ham-handedly moderated to cease
and desist the "off-topic."
A few now say, bray more like it, NSA has betrayed us
through political manipulation of officials and the public,
and that is an important point which often came up on
cypherpunks and still does, with somewhat less
complaining about it.
For Snowden has shown the political has won out over
the technical, and the technicals are fraught with what to
do about it, and much fingerpointing is going on along with
a few claims of having forewarned this betrayal would
happen. No moderation yet has shut down this "off-topic."
But much gumming and gnawing of the futility of technical
means against the vulgar political.
What has been shown in the discussion is that the
technical wizards are not nearly as competent at the
messy political as they are at technical sophistication.
The resulting conversation is a mish-mash of fairly
high level technical discourse interleaved with fairly
clumsy political opinionating. So technical clubs
are being swung to answer political jabs, that is
petty squabblling and exchange of slurs has replaced
rational discourse. Thus the convo has become
politicized with as much stupidity and ignorance
as sharp thinking and mutual respect.
NSA and its bosses would be happy if this became
the norm in cryptography as in the real world. And some
opine that this outcome is being, and has been in the
past, and will be in the future, orchestrated for just
that result.
That sounds like what cypherpunks was set up
to combat, the withdrawal from politcial affairs into
safe sanctuary of infallible mathematics coated with
unending challengences to implement illusory
protection from political mayhem. So it has come
to pass, there is no refuge from politics, and the once
reviled tin-hats of conspiracy theories are replacing
anomymous masks, especially by the best and brightest
cryptographers who have been hoodwinked far more
than dreamed of in earliest days of cypherpunks.
Still, there are die-hard PR-driven comsec experts
rolling out advice for what to do to protect the public --
meaning, cynically protecting their severely damaged
reputation of "concern for the public interest (R)".
Not yet willing to admit losing the comsec and privacy
war so avidly promoted with HTTPS, SSL, PGP, PFS,
OTR, Tor, on and on, they continue to hustle comsec
customers with promises of here's what we have got
to do, take it from us experienced veterans (read my
remarks, hear my TV interviews, read my messages
on cryptography, gorge on recyclings on Slashdot,
Twitter, Reddit, Voice of America, EFF. Guardian,
New York Times, ProPublica, ACLU, EPIC, on and
Lo, special prosecute NSA, take it to the courts, a
tired political gambit for media semaphoring, fund
raising, conceding technical defeat and begging
political rescue by what's that you say, account
churning lawyers, political lobbyists and journalistic
That is so obnoxious, murmurs the cryptography mail
lists, so opportunistically off-topic, moderator do your
censoring, let's get back to the good stuff. Despite
the murmurrings there recurs calls for "cut the cowardly
shit, let's fight." One guess who said that.

@_date: 2013-09-10 11:37:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptome] Interesting 
References: Security theater. Phony as thinking NSA and national spies
spy from embassies, not the key internet exchanges and
telecom hubs in Frankfurt and other locations around the globe.
This is amply described in a slew of technical reports and popular
articles and books. Although, tellingly, not much discussed on
crypto and comsec fora where the telecom and internet experts
blow smoke and jerk off one other about trivial arcana to conceal
their role in helping the spies for handsome salaries and fees.
NDAs behind the wanking are abundant, hopefully some to be
revealed by Snowden if not quietly redacted by those very same
wankers ostensibly helping spread the word of perfidy by
TLAs as cover for crypto onanism.

@_date: 2013-09-10 14:38:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] ProPublica's Jeff Larson on the NSA Crypto Story and Another View 
ProPublica's Jeff Larson on the NSA Crypto Story
Describes two months of digging through the Snowden documents, using
search tool Intella, finding code words, looking for references to those,
scrambling to understand and explain the technology to experts and the
public, traveling between New York and London, thrill of working with
NYT, Guardian and others.
Claims extraordinary security was laid on to protect the material. But
doesn't say what it was or is.
Pretty good gritty back story compared to the burnished fronts. Hard to
tell if it is a front story as well due to admission of withholding materials.
Nothing said about consulting with USG or HMG.
Here's a much less polite viewpoint:
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2013-09-12 07:40:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Backdooring Crypto 
In response to the Philip Hallam-Baker message below with his
IETF draft, posted on Cryptome, these responses have been offered:
1. A 1997 paper: "Kleptography: Cryptography Against Cryptography,"
by Adam Young and Moti Yung.
"Kleptography: persuading the party to be intercepted to use a
form of crypto that the attacker knows they can break."
2. "Phil's background as Verisign's principal designer is wellknown,
and so are his design efforts in 'certificates, cert crypto and secure
dns'. Lesser known are his friendships with the 'men-in-black'."

@_date: 2013-09-13 14:43:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FLYINGPIG // Tor 
References: It continues to mystify why Greenwald and others crop and
redact documents and slides but show them to staff at
O Globo, Guardian, Der Spiegel, New York Times, ProPublica,
Washington Post and perhaps others yet to be disclosed
with bombshell releases (now even Clapper is applauding
the Snowden campaign, which stinks of the fix is in on
what to release and when).
O Globo videos show glimpses of slides which are then
further redacted or cropped for release as slides alone.
Schneier claims to be working with Greenwald so he is
presumably seeing full views of docs and slides. Yet he
sustains a steady beat of surprise and outrage, almost
as if overly defensive about who knows what.
Greenwald has tweeted that there are legal reasons to
not show full views nor "distribute" document instead only
"report" on them. No answer to a tweet to GG about who
set those legal boundaries.
This seems to be game the Snowden manipulators are
playing with authorities, or at least lawyers are playing
with the gov, to toy with and tease the public by hoarding
documents, maintaining insider privileges of "journalists"
against outsiders, their readers, and experts who could
deconstruct the journo's pallid intepretation.
This is a game played also by secret-hoarding governments
against their citizens, aided and abetted by duplicitous
laws and lawyers.
MITM exploitation is what it is whatever they chose to call
their privilege protection racket.
And not to overlook the singular role of Tor in MITM
exploitation. The same distinctive rhetoic is deployed
by all of them to wave off suspicions as as if tradecraft.

@_date: 2013-09-14 09:26:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FLYINGPIG // Tor 
References: May it be true the spies admit defeat. But not likely, more likely
a ruse, for they are highly trained liars and tricksters. Feints are
commonplace to disarm and delude opponents.
Pardons of Manning and Snowden, shutdown investigating
of Assange, and several other intimidating and chilling
operations would be persuasive. Hearings on abuse would
help air the stench. But will not eliminate the rot of secrecy.
These formulaic conciliatory gestures would be cheap discounts
of giant budgets for ancient practices of extorting money from
the public, for, what else, protection, protection against
government defined threats, identified by secret means.
The spying apparatus will re-surge as it has forever, governments
cannot survive without spying on its taxpayers. IRS and global
revenue agencies the main data collectors on citizens and subjects
from birth to death for everyone everywhere, even spies. SSN the
ubiquitous UID. Got a problem with that, go to jail. Tax refusers and
evaders more stigmatized and loathed than terrorists.
Joint Terrorism Task Forces around the world spend more time
chasing and prosecuting voluminous tax cheats then the tiny
number of terrorists. With their contractors this produces handsome
tax revenue, confiscations and fines. Prison populations too.
Spying was invented to catch tax cheats and assure revenue
for government operation and rule, and nothing unites the
world's governments more than that essential transfusion
of money to sustain government beneficiares, in the US the
three branches, state and local. Military merely cops to
control obedient payment.
In NYC, the racket of Wall Street is to pay NYPD to stay
away from finance through the Police Foundation. The
recently published "Enemies Within," by two AP reporters
recount how this has come about through the services of
David Cohen, formerly CIA Director of Operations, who
has set a completely unaccountable spying operation.
Prior to setting this up, Ray Kelly, NYPD chief, and Cohen
worked for Wall Street firms. Mayor Bloomberg happily
endorsing the 1% bribery methodology.
Nobody should believe this will change without a lot more
than hopeful dreaming.

@_date: 2013-09-15 15:46:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: John Gilmore analyzes NSA disclosures to EFF 
John Gilmore assesses NSA disclosures to EFF on encryption,
security, operations, more:
NSA FISA Business Records Offer a Lot to Learn

@_date: 2013-09-21 11:43:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Fwd: Firefox OS with built in support for 
References: <20130921123331.GM10405
Bear in mind that most spying is not done by TLAs but by
commerce, contractors, orgs, edus, religions, hackers,
entreprenuers, comsec peddlers, criminals and venal
individuals. Against these lightly- or un-regulated swarming,
ubiquitous data harvesters encryption and anonymization
is essential. Not least because they sell data to the TLAs
without the pretense of regulation aimed at limiting official
spying which serves as a diverting cloak for the other
kinds who join the far greater crowd fingerpointing away
from themselves.
One of the greatest online deceptions are privacy policies,
along with nefarious log files and other management tools,
tricks, traps, con-jobs, built into every digital enterprise,
defended as necessary for sysadmining and protecting
the democracy, the internet, the people. Far worse duplicity
than official propaganda which, no surprise, copies the
unofficial practices as advised by self-serving advisory
boards and consultants from com, org, edu, religion,
individual, criminals, the lot.
Best way to spot a duplicity expert is to gander a
cryptographer or a proponent of ubiquitous encryption
anonymization and privacy. These stalwarts work
both sides for MITM rewards.
Which is why these lists are predominately popluated
by leeches with a few newbies looking for mentors.
This has always been the case, not new with digital

@_date: 2013-09-22 10:35:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cryptography Inevitable Failure 
References:  <523EF318.2050208
Nothing more useful for spies than widely trusted cryptosystems.
Nor do they ever reveal cracking the highly reputable. Neither
confirm nor deny. They do leak vulns, participate in standards
settings earnestly and lackadasiacly, fund good and bad research,
buy good and bad systems, hire good and bad staff and contractors,
engage in open and secret enterprises, issue truthful and false
statements, advise and mislead political leaders in public and
in secret briefings, claim to obey civilian leaders and disobey
them. As Hallam-Baker reported, NSA when confronted with A
and B choices, select both. This obligatory duplicity is avowed
necessary to conceal what is good and what is bad, both
classified for deception.
Presumably there is stash of comsec revelations pre-positioned
for implementation as needs arise and also when needs do not
Duality, duplicity, duping, is the lifeblood and poison of security
as well as insecurity, neither ying nor yang can exist without the
other. Paranoia sustains information assurance.
AES will succumb when the time is ripe for a newborn. Perhaps
the time was ripe for Snowden to midwife the inevitable failure
of NSA and ilk.
Recall NSA's 1997 paper on the inevitable failure of computer
security. Imagine a similar one on encryption awaiting disclosure.
Imagine what would replace encryption as the duplicitor of choice.
Then scale up.
Imagine what will replace over-centralized, over-grown, unmanageable
NSA and its mushrooming gaga'd critics. Not DIRNSAs retiring to
shyster duties, cryptographers gone fat feeding marketable
personnas, not Alice, Bob and Chelsea, not NRL-dudes rigging
the Tor 3-card monte, not end to end rotted MITM and at both ends,
not anything once daring and taunting like cryptoanarchy,
not prize winning WikiLeaks and granting EFF, not fleecing
fat cats and fans for FOI liberation and forever elusive privacy,
not spooning bits of spy feces into yawning mouths of readers.
Then scale down to non-secret means and methods accessible
to everyone. Even the end of official spying and its inevitable
corruption of government by out of control secrecy and dependency
upon the toolmakers of secret comsec.
But can cryptographers imagine the end of cryptography or
are they as bone-headedly duplicitous as those who pay them
to promote paranoia, secrecy, distrust and protection.

@_date: 2013-09-24 09:55:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Popular Deification of Transmission- and Crypto-Security 
NSA Technical Journal published in October 1959 an article
titled "The Borders of Cryptology."
A chart shows three main topics with subdivisions of each:
Electronic Warfare
Among 16 subdivisions only two are popularly deified today and
whose all-too-human and vain weaknesses and vulnerabilities are
hotly discussed here and elsewhere:
Transmission Security
Knowledge of the other 14 could prove useful to compensate for
the faults of the twin deities, now revealed to be not so hot conjoined.
And perhaps overcome the icey ignorance of other less glorified
means and methods used to profanely prop-up the pedestals.

@_date: 2013-09-25 10:11:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Unbreakable Cipher 
NSA Technical Journal published "The Unbreakable Cipher" in Spring 1961.
David Kahn, "Lyen Otuu Wllwgh WI Etjown" pp. 71, 83, 84, 86,
88 and 90 of the New York Times Magazine November 13, 1960
says that an unbreakable cipher system can be made from one
time key "that is absolutely random and never repeats."  ...
For each cipher system there is an upper bound to the amount of
traffic it can protect against cryptanalytic attack. What is
"cryptanalytic attack"? It is a process applied to cipher text
in order to extract information, especially information
contained in the messages and intended to be kept secret.
If some of the information is gotten by other means and this
results in more being extracted from the cipher, this is (at
least partially) a successful attack. If certain phrases can be
recognized when they are present, this is successful cryptanalysis.
If a priori probabilities on possible contents are altered by
examination of the cipher, this is cryptanalytic progress.
If in making trial decipherments it is possible to pick out
the correct one then cryptanalysis is successful. ...
Another example is that of Mr. Kahn, one-time key. Here the
limit is quite clear; it is the amount of key on hand. The key arrives
in finite "messages," so there is only a finite amount on hand at
anyone time, and this limits the amount of traffic which can be sent
securely. Of course another shipment of key raises this bound, but
technically another cipher system is now in effect, for by my
definition a cipher system is a message. A sequence of messages
is a sequence of cipher systems, related perhaps, but not the same. ...
[Answer to the question:] "Does there exist an unbreakable cipher"
would be this, "Every cipher is breakable, given enough traffic, and
every cipher is unbreakable, if the traffic volume is restricted
[End quote]
Is this conclusion still valid? If so, what could be done to restrict traffic
volume to assure unbreakablility? And how to sufficiently test that.
Presuming that NSA and cohorts have investigated this effect.

@_date: 2013-09-25 16:07:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Compromised Internet 
References: Now that it appears the Internet is compromised what other
means can rapidly deliver tiny fragments of an encrypted
message, each unique for transmission, then reassembled
upon receipt, kind of like packets but much smaller and less
predictable, dare say random?
The legacy transceiver technologies prior to the Internet or
developed parallel to it, burst via radio, microwave, EM emanations,
laser, ELF, moon or planetary bounce, spread spectrum, ELF,
hydro, olfactory, quanta, and the like.
Presumably if these are possible they will remain classified, kept
in research labs for advanced study, or shelved for future use.
Quite a few are hinted at, redacted and partially described in
NSA technical publications from 25-50 or so years ago. Many
developed for military use and the best never shared with the
A skeptic might suppose the internet was invented and promoted as
a diversion along with public-use digital cryptography. This ruse
has led to immense growth in transmission-breakable ciphers
as well as vulnerable transceivers. Packet techology could hardly
be surpased for tappability as Snowden and cohorts disclose the
tip of the iceberg. Ironically, the cohorts believe encryption protects
their communications, conceals his location and cloaks the

@_date: 2013-09-25 17:02:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] The Compromised Internet 
References:  > What threat are you trying to prevent that isn't already solved
 > by the use of cryptography alone?
Transceiver vulnerabilities of the Internet, seemingly inherently
insecure by design. So looking for possibilities of moving encrypted
goods by other means not betrayed by faulty shipment and addled
by ubiquity and familiarity.
Not that that is original by any stretch, wizards are jawing about
a new internet, secure by design. May take a while, so workarounds
of the present piece of carrion might be useful.
Not to overlook a new-fangled Snowden loosening the controls
of comsec technology beyond his and our PK-packet-tech era
So beyond mathematically-enthroned encryption what lies awaiting
disclosure. Oldies might suffice if dutifully studied and elaborted.
Thus the reference to NSA's backroom of pre-internet-PK comsec
tech which could be in the forefront, cutting/bleeding edge.

@_date: 2013-09-25 17:07:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Compromised Internet 
References: Yes, along those lines. Free of the totally seductively entrapping
internet and monomanical PK promiscuity.
The slew of innovations to milk the internet and crypto are way
stations toward surpassing vulns of both used in concert. Both
mutually delude. Each might lead to better alone, paired with
different and less familiar means.

@_date: 2013-09-25 17:28:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Compromised Internet 
References:  <20130925202100.GY10405
Yes, I understand some of these, maybe all, are used for mil-gov-spy
communications, likely in pretty advanced versions, and long in use
before and with the internet. But not for high-value comsec of the
present era.
Mil-gov-spy use of and spying on the internet and commercial-grade
encryption, https and the like, for low-value communications should
indicate much better and more varied means are used for high-value.
Smil, intelnet, nsanet, and other intra-IC networks are minimally secure,
advertised and touted on internet outlets, thus typical fat food for
foodies at lower levels of clearance.
Commercial-grade comsec, which is all the public has have access to,
appears tailored by standards setting and selective crypto competitons to
convince of reliability. Openness promoted as a seal of approval.
Fine propaganda that. Now what about what is not known openly. Well,
that is what's below Snowden's tip of the iceberg slides, papers and
briefings. Where's the hardware specs?

@_date: 2013-09-25 20:41:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Snowden walked away with the U.S. IC Intellipedia 
A sends: "Snowden walked away with the U.S. IC Intellipedia."
Information on the validity of this claim invited: cryptome[at]earthlink.net

@_date: 2013-09-26 08:10:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] The Compromised Internet 
References:  <20130926011653.20EE0E593
An NSA technical report says a unit was set up in Bell Laboratories
over 50 years ago to research fledgling ideas which the over-militarized
NSA staff didn't have time or skill to look into. So it was done at Bell,
IBM, MIT, Philco, NCR, RCA, and ilk, back then and as now with
today's iconized coms, orgs and edus. Inside of which, then and
now, are the cypherpunks playing chess with suits and slicks,
manipulating the infrastructure to generate exploits the suits
can't, or don't want, to care about so long as quarterlies are
Calling upon the sagacity of this forum the question might
be answered as you say by developing ways to piggy-back,
rig, boot-leg, twist and turn switches and valves, to swipe
a little bit of the infrastructure pipelines to use for less
controlled purposes. Whatever the infrastructure is,
internet, EM spectrum, radio, laser, cable, optics, farts,
prayer. Whatever happened to hunches and gut feelings
as cover for IP theft and lucky accidents.
Pilfering by insiders sold or shared off the market has
an ancient history, Snowdens galore forever, the mothers
of invention and payback to suits sucking blood of labor.
Now then, cough, cough, suppose the internet will continue
to be the comms medium of choice for citizens and consumers
and their besuited gang of exploiters. Workarounds to exploit
the exploiters will flower by avid hackers multiplying like rabbits
inside and outside the hegemons. What else besides that
healthy pilfering industry which happily generates profits
for hackers and cypherpunks to set up their own exploiting
As might have been asked before the internet, before telecoms,
before radio, before drums and smoke and yodel and grunts
and skull banging. What are lab rats doing when not angling
for scale-up capital? Nothing commercial, hopefully, nothing
worth feeding to John Markoff, to Glenn Greenwald, to WikiLeaks,
to vultures. Probably not worth this all too open call for hot
shit swapping.

@_date: 2013-09-26 11:29:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: One Time Pad Cryptanalysis 
"Cryptanalystis make their living out of sloppy thinking and enthusiastic
over-ingenuity of designers of cipher systems."
Brig. Gen. J.H. Tiltman, "Some Principles of Cryptographic Security,"
NSA Technical Journal, Summer 1974.
Tiltman vaunts the One Time Pad but cautions there have been effective
decrypts exploiting enthusiastic sloppy thinking that OTP is unbreakable.
Most appears to involve non-decipher means and methods. The paper
redacts others presumably still effective.
For amateur ingenuity Tiltman footnotes:
"I remember an early example of the solution of the problem of producing
strictly one-time perforated tape. A Canadian engineer working for a
British intelligence organization in New York who knew nothing
at all about cryptography produced in 1942 an on-line machine called
TELEKRYPTON. He generated his tapes by pouring a mixture of
metal and glass balls through a hopper, the metal halls alone passing
current and perforating 5-level tape. He analyzed the result and saw
that it was biased, owing to the heavier weight of the metal balls, and
then changed the respective sizes of the balls to compensate for the
extra weight of the metal."

@_date: 2013-09-27 08:47:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] RSA recommends against use of its own 
References: <20130927120912.GL10405
There was a time when non-official crypto wizards recommended:
 From best to worst:
1. Roll your own, keep it quiet, change it often, monetize as a
last resort before a cheated partner cuts your throat.
2. Avoid commercial giants most inevitably in bed with officials
to screw users mercilessly laughing on the way to SWIFT.
3. Avoid products of the most powerful nations and their satellites
and gangsters bypassing export controls in service to those
very nations' covert armaments-economic policies.
4. Avoid any widely touted, admired, promoted as the best due
to long history of dupery by this magic bullet.
5. Use off-market, black market, deep web, blacknet, onionized,
layered, piggy-backed, scatalogically provened reliable based
on total avoidance of the many hegemons working the cypto
fleece terrain, expect to be reamed, dosed and sausaged.
6. Go back to No. 1, repeat, daily, hourly, minutely, pause,
wonder is this nuts, pound delete, backspace, esc, ctrl-alt-del,
smash the EENT device.
7. Pick nose, ear, tooth, scratch crotch, hmm, scratch some
more, log onto revenge porn, spot your ex-partner leaking
your perfect privacy prophylactic.

@_date: 2013-09-29 09:43:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA IDA Cryptological Research Centers 
The Institute for Defense Analyses, based in Alexandria, VA,
is a 50-year partner of NSA. It has two Centers for Communications
Research at Princeton, NJ, and La Jolla, CA, both doing cryptological
research for NSA:
The latter's web site lists only this offering:
La Jolla Covering Repository
A (v,k,t)-covering design is a collection of k-element subsets, called blocks, of {1,2,...,v}, such that any t-element subset is contained in at least one block.  This site contains a collection of good (v,k,t)-coverings. Each of these coverings gives an upper bound for the corresponding C(v,k,t), the smallest possible number of blocks in such a covering design.
The limit for coverings is v<100, k<=25, and t<=8 just to draw the line somewhere. Only coverings with at most 100000 blocks are given, except for some which were grandfathered in. Some Steiner systems (coverings in which every t-set is covered exactly once) which are too big for the database will be included in the link below.
What is "covering" and how does it related to cryptology?
Eyeballs of the two centers:

@_date: 2014-04-03 06:42:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Geoff Stone, Obama's Review Group 
References: <20140403025616.D514A2280D8
Stone's is a good statement which correctly places responsibility
on three-branch policy and oversight of NSA, a military unit obliged
to obey command of civilians however bizarre and politically self-serving.
ODNI and NSA have been inviting a series of critics and journalists
to discussions. Most have resulted in statements similar to
Stone's. No such discussions were held after 9/11.
Incorrect to compare NSA to rogue, dirty work, civilian-led CIA
which will attack the three branches if riled. That is the blackmail
looming since 1947.
Greater public oversight of the three-branches is needed, for they
are the rogue, dirty work, civilian-led three LS, protecty by highest
If this can be helped by these invited discussions and statements,
that would be a true advance beyond mere futile debate so far
generated by shallow journalisitic reporting and polemics.
Release of far more of Snowden's documents will be needed
for this to happen, hopefully the whole wad by a means that will
put the technology in the hands of those who can understand
it. So far, the journalists have released only the most useful
to arouse indignation and refuse to release what could make
a lasting difference. Not that journalists should be expected
to make a lasting difference.

@_date: 2014-04-03 08:09:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Geoff Stone, Obama's Review Group - Part 2 
References: <20140403025616.D514A2280D8
The CIA is the principal customer of NSA products outside
the military. When global cyber spying Cybercom was proposed
NSA did not want to do it, claiming it exceeded NSA's military
mission. However, the pols, and CIA, wanted that very excess,
in particular for spying inside the US, ostensibly banned for the
CIA but now needed for terrorists inside.
CIA (long FBI opponents) thought FBI could not cope with inside
terrorists, using 9/11 as an example, and advocated NSA involvement
with its much greater technical capability, but more importantly, its
military-privileged secrecy not susceptible to full congressional
oversight, courts and FOIA.
The joint CIA-NSA Special Collection Service (SCS) has
been doing for decades what NSA is now alone accused of doing:
CIA provided the targets, NSA did the technical collection from
those global stations identified by xKeyscore (most in embassies
or nearby).
What is bizarre is how little CIA is mentioned in news furor about
NSA, as if NSA did its work in isolation from the IC and without
oversight of the 3 branches.
SCS also does burglaries, code snatches, decrypts, doc drops,
stings, ploys, blackmail, the panoply of CIA operations. The increased
civilian target panoply bestowed upon NSA came from CIA demands
channeled through ODNI.
Reviewing what little has been released of the Snowden documents
they are quite similar to what SCS has been doing with the addition
of the US as target. FISA had to be rejiggered for the US domain.
Most national leaders, like POTUS, are considered to be military
commanders thus fair game for NSA along with CIA. Nothing
exceptional about the recent revelations of spying on chiefs of
NSA technical collection capability was developed for the
military, not civilian use. Now expanded to CIA full dominance
territory. FISA had to be rejiggered for using it against civilians.
And is still being rejiggered these days.
NSA's recent attempt to slough off Cybercom and return to
its military mission, has been rejected by the civilian overseers
following CIA guidance and fear-mongering of civilians, especially
those inside the US. The last thing CIA and its supporters want
is a revelation of its manipulation of civilian leaders institutionalized
by the 1947 National Security Act (also opposed by the military).
At 10:56 PM 4/2/2014, DG wrote on cypherpunks:

@_date: 2014-04-04 09:28:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Tails 
References: <533EAF1C.6090006
Informative tweets on Tails security since the fund-raising announcement:

@_date: 2014-04-07 07:18:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: hello my fellow future bug splats 
References: Still, despite the slight irritation about drone killings, there
have been, AFAIK, no protests at the CIA HQ gates against
the agency's drone pilots, sensors and weapons launchers
located at temporary huts at both sides of spies' pig sty
dining hall.
Nor at the drone pilots, sensors and weapons launchers training
base at Indian Wells AFB, Nevada.
Nor at the homes of spy and mil drone operators, sensors and
weapons  launchers. (Apparently none have yet been doxed
although DoD droners have been named in news reports and
DoD PR media when medals are awarded.)
Nor at the contractors who build and staff drones, training and
Nor at the homes of the USG three-branch members who
support the drone murders.
Nor at the several universities where students are trained to
operate drones in expectation of well-paying jobs in a booming
(no pun) industry. DoD recruits by touting the swell future for
droners trained by DoD for later civilian employment. As well
as touting the role of drone contractors (CIA does too but more
Nor any sabotage of drone systems. Oops, that criminal, don't
do it.
So it is not clear what opponents of drone kilings are willing
to do beyond risk-free bitching, strutting, mail bombing and
petitioning. All of which is a good start but not likely to have
much effect until opposition is well beyond verbal puking.
Does this remind of the way crypto is handled by deft verbal
puking about the industry while quietly working within it, hoping
the pukers will continue helping draw attention to the need for
a duplicitious practice to combat enemies of the industry.

@_date: 2014-04-07 19:48:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: snowman news 
References: <001501cf52b8$3407a4d0$9c16ee70$
Great that Snowden is getting another chance to speak for himself,
as available on an awfully restricted technical tube-like forum -- so
far only talking head shots at the venues where he has been beamed
in from who knows where, scripted by who knows who from his burgeoning
team of handlers, now joined by EU polopportunists.
It would be even greater if if Snowden himself released or at least
displayed documents beside his head or encouraged the withholders
to do so as the surcharge for their exclusive rigging of ever fewer releases.
Head shotting and paneling by and about Snowden seems to have
substituted for release of documents needed for us to reach our own
conclusions. Entertainment over information.
Oh well, that condescension is how media, politicians and governments
manipulate us ignorant consumers of produce.
Thanks for keeping us alert to EU produce.

@_date: 2014-04-13 12:01:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptome] Re: snowman news 
References: <001501cf52b8$3407a4d0$9c16ee70$
The Polk Award plaques have concealed cavity transmitters,
so our Google glasses indicate. Back-up. we palmed a sliver
RFID in GG's wide mouthed molar, another in Miranda's steely
butt, Poitras's panoptic camera, Gellman's top-sekret OTR widget,
MacAskill's brogue-decrytor (we saw him plant a 0-day craw deep
inside James Ball's kisser).
Our totally undoctored vids and transcripts are at Amazon,
Utah, Four Eyes, RU, CN, BR, all of them on the same transceiving
thieving pipe, each with a twinned JPmorgan, Goldman Sachs
fiber, so reports ourr splitter at Ross Anderson's lab in
Oxbridge-Cheltenham, centroid of the universe's gobbling
The fake one underskinned in Markus Kuhn's vestigal tail.
Real one infected at Vatican, eternal cloud of the pipe of pipes.
 > Great that Snowden is getting another chance to speak for himself,
speaking of speaking directly, i hear one fine JYA got to mingle with
the leakers?
how hard did you press for a mass doc drop, John?  i would have
donated toward such a bribe...
looks like an interesting crowd!
  (who has .vid transcripts?)
best regards,
    c.f.:

@_date: 2014-04-13 15:32:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptome] Re: snowman news 
References: <001501cf52b8$3407a4d0$9c16ee70$
 <1921911960.400353.1397407817750.JavaMail.www
Dear Maligned Ethicist Machet,
Your fee for complaining about star *ucking has been transmitted
to Hettinga's offshore dark pool of smegma.
We appreciate your disclosing this private banking arrangement
to encourage others to reap the benefits of advertising online
the ancient love scribble scratched on rubber tree trunks, on
kindergarten desktops, on unisex toilet stalls and distributed by
porous-sheathed onion routers to mind*uck horny espionage
pornsters posting and ogling kiddie-selfies for entrapment
bonuses. Underarmored in *uck cpunks tees.

@_date: 2014-04-13 18:06:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptome] snowman news 
References: <001501cf52b8$3407a4d0$9c16ee70$
 <1921911960.400353.1397407817750.JavaMail.www
Top fans:

@_date: 2014-04-16 09:36:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA good guys 
References:  <20140415215540.5D74322807F
 <2103388535.132700.1397623226382.JavaMail.www
 <534E266F.9000507
 <534e6539.63d8440a.17ce.013a
"Wrong place at the wrong time."
This is the platinum defense Blackwater and the USG used to excuse
the murders. And the same used for any warfare collateral damage,
strategic bombing of civiians, WMD mutually assured destruction,
law enforcement killings, CIA killings, Mafia killings, drug kingpin
killings, husbands and wives killing of each other and their kids,
abortion killings, gun-lovers killings, slaughter of indigenous
peoples, military slaughter of all kinds -- why the very lament of
every killer who is caught red-handed, blood dripping with
body-armored thrill.
Indeed, this exculpation is taught in the drone operation schools,
top military academies, in special operations and covert operations
schools, in basic training to teach newbie killers to use force
against defenseless targets, in foreign policy universities and
think wankerages, in richest clubs of murderers gulping tankards
of blood-red wine toasting asymmetrical carnage of worldwide
finance, law and religion. Business schools most bloody-minded,
eminent domain and taxpayer subsidy for predation Course 101.
Millions of people have been, are, and will be, slaughtered by
this very rationale of repugnant cowards who are sexually
gratified by obliterating helpless creatures who happened
to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. Even a small
percentage of the killers suffer this fate, but they are honored
with grotesques displays of bloodless sparkling uniforms,
weeping families, snoring encomiums of sacrifice, luxurious
caskets flag-draped, tooting of bugles and firing of rifles (!),
then dumped in the same ground as their hapless victims
to rot and be eaten by worms enjoying being in the right place
at the right time.

@_date: 2014-04-18 08:46:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA good guys 
References:  <20140418020936.D82A62280DC
The eye of god is upon the earth, sin not heathens.
unavoidable sin is required to justify god business.
No insecurity, no god security blanket app.
Prayer is more effective than encryption. Kickstart a
religion, call it Darksec. Give away free, with 3D funny
hats and walks and masks. Beguile officials into
raiding your printer buried under Hettinga's compost
of coconut shell Bitcoins.

@_date: 2014-04-19 10:43:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Inevitable Security Critiques, Promises and Lemons 
Gratifying to see a few of those here featured in NY Times today
discussing inevitable failures and contradictions in security:
To be read with Schneier's 2007 account of inevitable security lemons
(resurrected by Coderman):
Our security consumer advice based on frank, honest and distrustful
discussions here for nearly 18 years:
"Unreliable SSL has been uninstalled. All security and privacy policies are unreliable. Protect yourself against security and privacy promise."
Still hopeful Hettinga will plug these insider breaches of why marketing
lemonade is so lucratively persuasive to those who know better. And who
do not disclose here.

@_date: 2014-04-28 07:19:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] GCC bug 30475 (was Re: bounded pointers in 
References: <1DA6B497-5D5F-4FF6-B0D4-1B1FFC1D9644
 <535D6F5F.6050409
 <201404280217.s3S2HQqW008448
 <99235eb92bed605e96b77d03fb29e812
The criminal liability of NSA, other spies corps, orgs and comsec
wizards in de facto complicit deception and exploitation of the
public is a worthy topic to drag out of the hideaways.
It might be demonizing of the valiant code warriors to be described
as a Racketeer Influenced Criminal Organization operating under
the cheerfully duplicitous Open Source.
Open secrecy is the main tool of these sub rosa hoodlums,
Mafioso mathematicians wiggling out of responsibility by algo
shadiness and protestations of public service on behalf of
working around censorship to free the slaves for better use
producing cream for the privacy milkers.
Top of the cream milkers adopt the aggrieved innocence
when caught red-handed rustling public cattle, hello Mr. Bundy.
So sue me, they laugh, knowing no jury could possibly grasp
the arcane lingo the bozos use to semaphor signals about their
nefaria promoted as good for the commonweal.  Subsidize
us, befuddled citz, kachink.
A huge market ripoff, comsec, privacy and freedom of the
Internet. Simple beginnings with a few crafty ne'er do well
engineers, mathematicians and scientists, avoiding penal
labor in labs, factories and spynests, setting up a quiet
racket to control and monetize crypto, comsec and privacy
while selling hacks and snitching to the fuzz downtown.
Which has produced a boom in profits and reputations
for the TLA- and nick-named coders, hackers, exploiters,
leakers, promoters, apologists, yes, even populist heros
and awards winners from Anonymous to Alexander to
Snowden and this very list of who's who in wily coyotes.
Code-wielding Corsicans never had it so good since
the opening of the Internet frontier to unfettered gangsters
claiming to be comsec enforcers for Judge Roy Bean west
of Silicon Valley).
Just saying howdy to my gang of cypherpunks free rangers
for whom working around law-enforcement fences while
informing, backdooring, and cheating on each other is
top secret code of silence Omerta.

@_date: 2014-12-13 07:14:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: tor : just keep lying 
References: <548b9d71.0ca5e00a.5877.23cd
To counter accusations, say black is charcoal, then charcoal
is gray, then gray is silver, then silver is gold, then gold is
platinum, then platinum is diamond. Conclusion: black diamonds
are family jewels which must be protected to sustain royals who
are enriched by them. Opposition to this holy verity is evil incarnate.
Believers in insider riggings will definitely slaughter opponents and
call it crusading patriotism, more vulgarly, national security, or more
down to earth for this list, freedom of our information not yours. We
can hide our precious stones to assure their inflated value but you
cannot hide your worthless junk opinions. Our WMD W3 sysadmins
can whip your futile insurgencies of of Tor hide and seek.

@_date: 2014-12-29 08:20:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Attacks on VPN, SSL, TLS, SSH,  Tor 
References:  <54A0DD86.60805 <54A0F5A8.5050708
 <54A10A7C.20106
 From discussion on these lists and elsewhere tampering with
data can, does, occur at every software and hardware hand-off,
with each self-serving iteration having hidden and vulnerable hardware
and software undisclosed malignity, no matter the security ostentatiously
applied: reputation, credibility, impeccability, highly trusted, crypto,
hashes, fail by ruses of unexamined modules and inevitable, unavoidable
deceptions of too little skill, too little time, too little suspicion, driven by
need to pay alimony, debts, IRS, loutish family's begging.
Selected hand-offs of innumerable:
Multiple devious inventors, manufacturers and handlers inside and outside NSA
Devious NSA leaking like a sieve to madly grabbing everything devious Snowden
Snowden madly shoveling everything to multiple exceptionally devious media persons
Multiple media persons to hyper devious lawyers, publishing staff, tech experts, govs consulted
Devious selections of data to publish, then revised, then corrected
DEvious posting on outlet web sites and shoveling to cohort journos
Devious "authenticating" of docs (the prime deception)
Deviously orchestrated subsequently:
Downloads of docs
Sharing of docs
Archiving of docs
Dropboxing, torrenting of docs
Biased analysis and cherrypicking of docs
Multiple tagging and piggybacking and implanting of docs
Shading, smearing, vaunting, lying about docs
Accusing and defending about docs
Writing, lecturing, TEDing about docs
Dismissing of docs, the threat, the countermeasures
Then deviously shipping, shopping fools to take blame
by signature-bold leaders of pro and con opportunities
or to a prize ceremony for valorizing the criminal prize-funder
and bestowing generous tax avoidances.
These vulns and subterfuges and braggardies are as old as
comsec, hyperbolized by the digital era for rep building,
monetizing, and political ideology. These lists survive on
ingesting these toxic fumes and expel multiple recyclings
of them for jingle-jangle of gullible consumers, here as in
in the spy agencies working the yokels.
"NSA" or some monstrous threat -- God, Google, Cisco, MS --
is inside our skulls and peripherals, left brain in mortal combat
with the right brain, digital vs analog. Or so we imagine the two
halves pretending opposition like officials and anarchists to
outfox deviously malign genitalia orchestrating brain to slave at
getting food, air and water -- rigging the mind game to lose
after 60-70 years of wanking the slot handle obsessively.
Hash this motherfucker, said math to germ.

@_date: 2014-12-30 07:17:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] NSA Attacks on VPN, SSL, TLS, SSH, Tor 
References:  <54A0DD86.60805 <54A0F5A8.5050708
 <54A10A7C.20106
Cryptome does not pretend to provide illusory security, that is security.
It is a vile, rotten, corrupt endeavor, like life. Chuckle.
Visitors, readers, consumers must be skeptical of security, and not rely
upon security promoters, their followers and investors who exploit
dependency by fear uncertainty and doubt.
Skepticism of security claims and methods is one of the purposes of
these lists. Perhaps the main purpose, although it is commonplace for
these lists to be used for soliciting befuddled consumers to hop aboard
the gravy train. Now and then skeptcism of the security arises but is usually
suppressed during times of crisis when incentive is rich to promote poor
products and services. Governments, commerce, orgs, experts cooperate
to foster crises under guise of opposition.
This applies to all forms of security, safety, protection, defense, hygienic
Still, Cryptome endorses the continuing struggle to improve citizen
protection, not only as a job, career, industry, but as citizens' obligation
to bear responsibility for the commonweal against its inside and outside
enemies, if you will, common math against the deadly germs.
One way to do that is to not oversell it, tone down the threats, reduce
drumbeating, avoid hyperbole for and against, forego advertising,
gang-bang hectoring, circle jerk conferencing, TEDing, prize bestowing,
to quietly invent, improve, critique, test, apply, re-test often, expect to
be deceived by colleagues witting or unwitting, especially by sales,
politicians, authoritarians -- the persistent germs.

@_date: 2014-02-02 07:03:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Alleged NSA-GCHQ Attack on Jean-Jacques Quisquater 
Any further information on the alleged NSA-GCHQ attack on
Jean-Jacques Quisquater than these two reports?
Apparently Quisquater would not have known about the
attack if not told by an insider.
Insider comsec disclosures may be finally getting legs,
not yet long, but more than NDA-official secrecy paralysis.
Any other cryptographer attacked (as if it would be known)?

@_date: 2014-02-06 10:34:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Penetration of Target's HVAC Controls 
Good to see the report on Target's penetration through its remote
heating and cooling controls. These and a slew of other building
automation systems are often run on central computers along with
data processing. Data processing may be protected but the other
systems often are not, for IT sec tends to focus on the data of
businesses housed in a structure but not the systems running or
monitoring the structure with its operating systems most often
overseen by maintenance and operation staff seldom skilled
in cybersec.
We have seen quite a few buildings with decent data protection and
building physical and electronic security systems, but lacking oversight
of the security of building automation systems often remote from
the facilities with 24x7 access, and from there who knows where
else -- central automation firms may link up to hundreds of other
buildings in a batch of countries. Critical infrastructure protection
seldom covers the great variety of buildings.
Some use the same Internet connection, separated only
by software and folders, with folders of the automation system in
obscure locations seldom seen by principal IT data admins.
Different duties, contracts, staff, budgets. Much interest in
data security, hardly any for automation security.
This is not the case for experienced designers, constructors
and operators of buildings. Although compartmentalization
among them continues to erect easy to penetrate "firewalls"
and gaps of responsibility.
Spies very much like the porosity and attention to data

@_date: 2014-02-06 10:45:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Penetration of Target's HVAC Controls 
References: Building data security from 1995:
Much changed since then.

@_date: 2014-02-09 07:56:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Snowden Drop to Poitras and Greenwald 
References:  <52F72498.9020907
Correct, page 13 was missing. Thanks. Now added.
Page begins with "his head. But Snowden told her:"
Ends with "Even with Assange's"

@_date: 2014-02-09 10:32:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Snowden Meets MacAskill, Poitras and Greenwald 
Snowden to MacAskill, vehemently: "GCHQ is worse than NSA. It's even more intrusive."

@_date: 2014-02-12 09:09:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Snowden and Compilers 
References:  <52FB6880.6030702
Sunder posts, now this forum is getting serious.

@_date: 2014-02-13 16:16:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Snowden and Compilers 
References: <52FBCF8B.3060707
 <20140213201428.9F01910729
Related papers by Arrigo Triulzi
posted to Twitter
today in response to this thread:
Project Maux Mk.II (2008) The Jedi Packet Trick takes over the Deathstar (2010) Project Booshoo or the Emporer's Modified Mind (2011)

@_date: 2014-02-14 07:26:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Snowden Meets MacAskill, Poitras and 
References:  <6F54DE57-6804-4DDB-AB83-A65A25041FEF
Page added. Thanks.

@_date: 2014-01-01 08:37:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
References: <4dcbb04f7c2c485eb43d18e222b0f9a8
 <20131231051456.GC25536
 <52C3257D.6000707 <52C40252.1040506
Jake's, Assange's and others' emphasis at 30c3 was to pursue
technological offenses rather than futile expectation of political,
financial and legal controls of spying which inevitably confirm
what spies do, for it is in their interest to support spyin and
secrecy to maintain hegemonic, heirarchial institutions under
"the rule of law."
Reminder, at the origin of cypherpunks there was a crackdown
on encryption as a munitions. That skirmish was thought to
have been won. Now Snowden has revealed that victory
was a delusion, the real one-sided battle was fought
surreptiously in secret, not only by contaminating crypto
but by development of bypasses, implants, backdoors,
booby traps, ruses, scams, bribes, dual-hatted contracts
with crypto-hackers.
Can an openly avowed combat on the technologies of political
control (1) work or will it be demonized, fought by secret
underhanded means? Public debate deployed as a ruse in
the 1990s as now.
(1) An Appraisal of the Technologies of Political Control
This combat is about far more than crypto and coders must
be supplemented with all the discplines of science and
technology which are now serving industry and the
"lawful" hegemons.
30c3 advocated a direct attack on these means, not wait for
the public debate to be rigged in favor of the hegemon with
PR, propaganda, lobbying, bribery, contracts, scare stories,
terrifying incidents, the customary dirty fighting and tricks of
spies and "defense" industry.
Is that technological attack on the political, financial, legal
hegemon likely to succeed? Or will the crackdown on
armed (technological) dissent become as violent as it has
in the past?
There is a likelihood encryption will be restricted, by fiat,
by planting weaknesses, by covert attacks, by technological
bypasses, by rigged failures to create doubt of effectiveness.
That was the way CryptoAG operation was run. Now the RSA
ploy is operative. Is the effect of Snowden to be a series
of ploys and ruses. Worse, hop on board the paranoia train,
is Snowden a disinfo op for leaking gobs of ruses?
A singular feature of hegemons is that they are dominated by
"self-regulating organizations" which set the terms and conditions
of the ruling entity, assure enforcement of the rules, and perpetuate
themselves under "self-regulation."
These are successors of royalty which instead of divine right,
backed by military power, they invoke the "Constitution," a law
which distinctively empowers "lawful" behavior according to the
rules of the hegemon.
No wonder the US promotes constitutional government around
the planet, backed by military power, most often by denigrating
other forms of government.
A striking parallel is the rise of the clerics in Europe as an alternative
to religious hegemons. From clerics came lawyerly self-regulating
hegemons. A new religion hidden within supremacist judges' black
Enough of lawful self-regulation in secrecy, unpunishable by
lawful means. Justice is out of control, prison populations stuffed,
bloated law enforcement and spies raiding the public till, private
spies, cops and mercenaries worse than the official, or
Back to the military which backs the hegemons. Technology
controls its effectiveness, thus the need for the hegemons to
control manufacture, distribution, ownership and application
of military means. Concentration of wealth through government
regulation, economic and tax policy, and military supremacy
reifies special privileges and exculpations for the enforcers
of law. Law->taxation->enforcement->informants->spying->
assassination->military action.

@_date: 2014-01-03 11:36:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptome] question 
References:  <52C6DEE6.90200
Given the fact that Levison states:
 >
 > This experience has taught me one very important lesson: without
 > congressional action or a strong judicial precedent, I would
 > _strongly_ recommend against anyone trusting their private data to a
 > company with physical ties to the United States.
 >
 > Sincerely,
 > Ladar Levison
 > Owner and Operator, Lavabit LLC
Iceland may be the only one, and that may be short-lived before
it is expropriated by open and/or secret undermining.
Or it is likely a honey pot like so many other dropboxes,
pastes, leak sites, privacy and FOI initiatives. Big business now
offering ways to avoid boogie-spies, aka "cybersecurity," by
govs, coms, edus, orgs, sec experts.
All other countries are more intrusive than the US, and all
are becoming even more intrusive thanks to the booming
industry of intrusive hardware, software, programs, staffing,
contracting, higher education, co-optation of comsec experts,
freedom of information organizations, religious institutions
and many others who are benefiting from data mining of
their supporters by selling information either directly or
through second and third parties, in many cases, those
sales are occurring by system administrators, temporary
employees and volunteers, informants, ex-employees
and volunteers,
Web sites, and mail lists, like this one, news outlets,
leak sites, conference organizers, educational institutions
and innumerable others are gathering and selling data as
fast as possible before legal restrictions are enacted.
These private spying entrepreneurs are fearful that the
crackdown on official spies will spill over into their opportunism,
their windfall, their golden goose of data exploitation.
Ubiquitous log files, ostensibly required for system
administration, are the gold mines which implicate every
sneak-thief operator of public, private, governmental, NGO,
commercial venues.

@_date: 2014-01-03 12:02:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Aaron Swartz, Jim Bell, Carl Johnson, Chelsea Manning, Edward Snowden 
References: <201401031523.s03FNicj005237
The Swartz situation was more complicated than the prinicipal
legal parties involved. A comprehensive legal attack implicated
a slew of people and institutions in Aaron's circle, some who were
frightened into pulling away from him, some of who were forced to
testify much to their later shame and embarassment when that was
made public.
It is not unusual for supporters to run from the scene when pressure
comes down through federal investigators digging into private
affairs, intimidating witnesses, friends and familiies with fruits of
those findings, turning poeple against each other, bamboozling
journalists and publishers who pretend opposition to authority.
Swartz's case parallels what happened to Jim Bell, and to Carl
Prosecutors are highly adept at creating fear in supporters with
grand jury subpoenas for evidence and closed testimony, then
later subpoenaed for trial. This was done with several cypherpunks,
me among them.
During two trials and his imprisonment not a few cypherpunks
came down on Jim Bell, cowardly sorry motherfuckers, some
of them once admired for courage, shown to be candyasses
out to avoid risk beyond rhetoric (as with Manning and Snowden).
Not a few came down on Aaron Swarz, cowardly sorry motherfuckers,
some of them still lamenting the loss of a brave man while hiding
their abandonment of him, stigmatizing his loss of adorableness, his
loss of lovers, true friends and supporters, his lonely withdrawal from
social affairs, his hiding inside his apartment pondering the rest of
his life betrayed by those blaming him for their chickenshitedness.
Swartz died more likely murder, enforced suicide, a killing by
officials and those unable to match Aaron's bravery.
Jim Bell and Carl Johnson were not so easily buffaloed. Although
there continues to be bountiful cowardly motherfuckers who fucked
them as was Manning, as were the Anonymous 16, and will likely be
Snowden, led by the media which takes no chances beyond
rhetoric and hypebole.

@_date: 2014-01-04 19:01:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
References: <4dcbb04f7c2c485eb43d18e222b0f9a8
 <20131231051456.GC25536
 <52C3257D.6000707 <52C88ED3.4010902
If your server or ISP generates log files, as all do, you cannot
be secure. If upstream servers generate log files, as all do,
you cannot be secure. If local, regional, national and international
servers generate log files, as all do, you cannot be secure.
So long as log files are ubiquitous on the Internet, no one can
be secure.
Log files are the fundamental weakness of the Internet
because system administrators claim the Internet cannot
be managed and maintained without them.
This is not true, it is merely an urban legend to conceal
the interests of system administrators and their customers
to exploit Internet user data.
There is no fundamental need for log files, except to
perpetuate the other urban legend, privacy policy, which
conceals the abuse of log files by web site operators
and their cooperation with "lawful" orders to reveal
user data, most often by being paid to reveal that
data to authorities, to sponsors, to funders, to
advertisers, to scholars, to private investigators,
to inside and outside lawyers, to serial cohorts,
cartels and combines, to providers and purchasers
of web sites, to educators of cyber employees,
to courts, to cybersecurity firms, to journalists, to
anybody who has the slightest justification to exploit
Internet freedom of information by way of phony
security, privacy and anonymizing schemes.
In this way, the Internet corrupts its advocates by
inducing the gathering and exploiting user data, .
It is likely your organizaion is doing this ubiquitous
shit by pretending to ask for advice on security.
As if there is any. NSA is us.

@_date: 2014-01-04 19:26:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jacob Appelbaum in Germany 
References: <35984B0C89637DD97A87B05D
 <52C89B0C.8080002
No offense, James, but this is the prosecutor's view, who went
on to claim at a press conference, quote: "So the little fucker
offed himself, saving the state bucks, fine by me," she said.
Adding, "let this be a warning smartass motherfuckers at
MIT, we are onto you, thanks to cooperating wits in the
administration totally dependent upon government funding
for invention of cruel and inhuman weapons."
She paused, scratched her balls, went on, and on and
on. The press drifted away, she followed, going on and
on. Watching her was the Boston Marathon bombers.
She was re-elected by the highly educated criminal class
in Boston, that is Boston. Boston, as you know is the
fountainhead of Austin's criminal class, who when not
drunk as skunks at junk arts, music and TED festivals
funded by NSA contractor Dell, regularly elects venal
politicians same as down east Kennedy thugs.

@_date: 2014-01-06 12:18:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jacob Appelbaum in Germany - Aaron Swartz 
References: <52CAA24E.5060809
 <52CAA2A0.9070507 <52CAD18B.9080800
 <52CADAB3.2040507
Swartz was ratted by a sysadmin, investigated by several sysadmins,
some who formerly helped him and were pressured to betray him,
indicted with the essential help of sysadmins. University and JSTOR
administrators could not have discovered him , aided the investigation,
cooperated with the prosecutor, without sysadmins. The cops and
prosecutor could not have caught, investigated, coerced witnesses,
indicted and killed Swarz without sysadmins. Some of those sysadmins
are under lifetime vows of secrecy for cooperating against Swartz.
Many sysadmins are under lifetime secrecy for cooperation against
the public, and each other.
NSA, CIA, FBI, NGOs, coms, edus, entrepreneurs could not do
what they do without sysadmins.
Same goes for most comsec experts, crypto experts, technical
Experts like those used to be here but most went over to specialized
fora which avoid "politics" to simulate political involvement in order to
rat on the public, and each others, to maximize their income sysadmining
mercilessly, amorally, without ethics, without oversight, "out of control."
James Donald like others here is in a bind. He knows the villainy of
sysadmins and comsec experts, but needs the dirty money. So he
pretends to be hard-hearted. Forgive him succumbing to the power
of economics, for double-talking fork-tongued dual-hatted dual-use
palaver. Also known as Thatcher-Reaganomics in which the accumulation
and concentration wealth is fundamental religion far more potent than
democracy, islamicism, al-qaeda, militarism, tea partyism, leakism.
Some cybertech wizards, sysadmins and comseckers, caught a wave
with cybersec. Trained themselves, got help from hackers and others,
got training at cybersec schools and gov agencies, got hired for
impressive pay, got awards for and against the public, gradually
became encrusted with cybersec layerings which involve a
witch's brew of deception, pretense, fear-mongering, half-assed
comsec, apologias, exculpations, blame-gaming, snot-nosed
arrogance, false modesty, lurking, put-downs, all the crafts of
sneak-thieves and politicians who loved their skullduggery.
Some are famous for the shit they spread. And rightly so, this
is the way of empires, now digital, now totally digitally spying,
now doing what empires do, calling their product what the
little people need, executing the few little people like Swartz
who not only call their bullshit what it is but take action to
replace it with much healthier than bribegivers and bribetakers
will ever cut loose.

@_date: 2014-01-06 12:32:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
References: <4dcbb04f7c2c485eb43d18e222b0f9a8
 <20131231051456.GC25536
 <52C3257D.6000707 <52C88ED3.4010902
 <604410b939c2499e960a36ccbbaa2b7f
Logs needed run the Internet steadily, securely and cheaply
are not what logs files have grown into: Bloated, malicious,
exploitive and very lucrative spying on users. This is why there
are thousands of firms providing log files exploitation programs
and services. Every product manufacturer touts its spying
capabilities through innocent sounding "log files" ostensibly
serving administrative purpose but then just below that claim
are the burgeoning other uses of maximizing profits.
Log files are metadata of the Internet, the tip of a giant
iceberg of metadata. This is the dirty secret, the family
jewels, of the Internet, carefully rationalized and guarded
by sysadmins. Sysadmins have become the traitors, or
patriots, of the Internet. Traitors against the public, patriots
for the powerful exploiters of the Internet.
Exploitation of bloated little known, behind the public
scene log files exceeds that of all search engines combined.
Exceeds offiical spying in all nations. Indeed, facilitates
spying in all nations for generous fees and to diffuse
understanding of how cyber spying works, who its
architects are, what is the architecture. Snowden hints
are this but so far only pretty facades have been disclosed,
the underlying operation apparently to threatening to "national
security" to be revealed to the public. Sysadmins just adore
being foundational to this architecture of deceit
The argument log files are essential to run the Internet is
a cover for the huge industry which goes right through that
tiny aperture of access to construct an unbelievable spying
operation, far more insidious than that of the official spies,
which as we know merely copy the industry and buy a small
number of its products.

@_date: 2014-01-07 09:31:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Omidyar influence in new Greenwald venture [was: SRF: 
References: GG is to be complimented for engaging on Twitter. That could be
the most lasting of the outlets due to its free swarming and lack of
wealth accumulation and concentration by hierarchical rewarding
of the very top, commercial journalism (acknowledging the Twitter
owners stealing the values of the free tweets). Tweets are only
about self- and product promotion. Not like this grafitti billboard.
Most of GG's statement comes right out of Silicon Valley playbook
for acquiring hard-luck journalism. Use of "thrilling" is the clue the
saved emit upon envisioning the IPO, which is what GG is PRing
about as required of NGO beneficiaries of great wealth.
The Snowden pact was superceded by the Omidyar pact.
A buyout of a fledgling venture by a vulture continuing to
prowl for rabbits. The vulture is the commercial components
coutured by the non-profits. GG is disingenuous about the
separation, as PGP was about Symantec takeover, as
RSA was about EMC's.
Many journalists aquired by Omidyar and Bezos have made
similar statements of "irresistable" rescue by better endowed
kingpins. And, yes, founders do appreciate the windfall, sign
NDAs, relieve their desperate families, and move on to being
celebrities, their brands prostituted to continue the windfall
deal to keep quiet, to say nothing disparaging.
Seymour Hersh and many others have told about their experinences
with short-attention span of journalist publishers and their advertisers,
TV producers, movie underwriters as fans move massively toward
other markets.
Edward Snowden should prepare to be royally screwed as Manning
has been. This is the ancient tradition of brass sacrificing grunts
for noble causes, the careers of generals and above.

@_date: 2014-01-07 10:56:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Swartz, Weev & radical libertarian lexicon (Re: Jacob 
References: <52CAA24E.5060809
 <52CAA2A0.9070507 <52CAD18B.9080800
 <52CADAB3.2040507
 <52CB22EF.8020304
 <20140107115038.GA25434
 <217F0CE4-CD11-4C63-8A45-918B8E3C7DE9
Anybody with a three-letter name of a website, or more grotesquely vain,
a TLA nym, needs killing thrice as a bitter old diaper-wearing turd and
tex-mexist marxian from Odessa, oil-capitalist murder capital of the USA.

@_date: 2014-01-07 13:26:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Swartz, Weev & radical libertarian lexicon (Re: Jacob 
References: <52CAA24E.5060809
 <52CAA2A0.9070507 <52CAD18B.9080800
 <52CADAB3.2040507
 <52CB22EF.8020304
 <20140107115038.GA25434
 <52CC396C.2010102
James, again thanks for alerting:
As I am fond of remarking, Bill Ayers can bomb the Pentagon, but you

@_date: 2014-01-08 07:55:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Brag About Exploits, Go to Jail 
References: <7F68B02DFEB581436A666788
 <35D5C9B80E726F952D848CCB
 <52CD0E01.5000108
Swartz bragged to a slew of people and was caught.
Manning bragged to Lamo and was caught.
Kiriakou bragged to a journalist and was caught.
Sabu bragged to cohorts and was caught.
Barrett Brown bragged to the world and was caught.
Several Anonymouses bragged and were caught.
And so on, dozens in just the last decade.
Jim Bell bragged online and went to jail. So did Carl
Johnson. Cops love braggarts, brag themselves to
braggarts to keep prisons happylands.
How many did not brag and remained uncaught? There
are likely thousands of them. Many of those work with
or emulate spies who do not brag as rule number 1.
Snowden wanted to be identified, so it is alleged, and
has been caught as intended.
Is this nuts or what, vainglorious stupidity, or a commonplace
ruse to get the enemy to expose its capabilities, or to flaunt
one's own hybrid of authentic and fake to spook the enemy,
to seel products, to boost budgets, to manipulate public
opinion. The fundamental purpose of leaks.
Keeping a non-existent profile is worth considering, along
with a hundred pseudos.
And putting a high-profile out there is what the Internet
was intended to do, fake, sock, pseudo, anon, sucker.
Not to be overlooked: the essence of comsec and
crypto is deception. So laugh at the open source ruse
on the way to the pokey.

@_date: 2014-01-08 10:29:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Brag About Exploits, Go to Jail 
References: <7F68B02DFEB581436A666788
 <35D5C9B80E726F952D848CCB
 <52CD0E01.5000108
 <52CD5D97.6040106
Did you read today (NYT) that one of the founders of EFF, Mitch
Kapor, was a first investor in a leading ubiqutious camera
spying venture to put in the hands of everybody what once was
used only by spies and cops? Everybody is TLA, TLA is everybody.
Snowden, allegedly, gave docs to a world-class braggart,
Greenwald, and to two or three much less loud-mouthed but in
the professional bragging business, Poitras and Gellman,
documentary tout and national security tout, respectively.
Thereafter the tout bragging industry kicked into high gear and
quickly overwhelmed whatever Snowden might have intended
by their own fabricated, doctored, hyperbolied super-touted
headlined versions of his intentions, but more so, in their own
economic interest, whipping up a frenzy about their noble
intentions to rake in the loot after years of nearing bankruptcy
(the forlorn solo journo, Greenwald and Poitras profiles too.)
Greenwald in particular bellows excessively, as a lawyer must,
about his obligation to a pact with Snowden, and lately his much
greater jury-pandering about his pact with Omidyar. His recent
long bloviation on his blog is purely promotional bragging
characteristic of the hustler forever crowing about its prowess,
whining about attacks, disdaining critics with puerile condescension.
Omidyar and Bezos among others, have been sucked into
the ultra-bragging game, large, inebriated with unquenchable wealth
accumulation, after years of supporting highly vainglorious and
dispensible NGO investments, not a few of which have failed
due to exaggerated brochure-toute expectations which could
not be met but were invented losers to be run into the ground
for the tax benefits of ultra-concentrated wealth. This the exact
model of the Firstlook venture, a combo of high-profit media
industry and simulated "NGO" journalism to exempt the taxable
Would that work here. Youbetcha. The very founding of
cypherpunks employed that model and sustains it to solicit
and amass data of crypto-freedom-drunk users for marketing
peculiarly faulty products across the political spectrum from
faux privacy to faux security. Https everywhere, har, Tor, har,
WikiLeaks, har, Cryptome, spit, and what have you now,
Braggarts always have noble purposes, bragging about
nobility is what sustains the illusion of superiority. And
glosses the nobility of great wealth or depthless desire
for it.
Significant variations of braggardy, from loud to quiet.
overstatement to understatement. Chump version:
"needs killing." Chimp version: Snowden is a hero,
or traitor. Wimp version: more leaks by others, none
by me. Gimp version: this is nothing new. Limp version:
don't insult people here, don't discuss politics, message
deleted by moderator. Blimp version: this forum is

@_date: 2014-01-08 17:49:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] To Protect and Infect Slides 
References:  <20140108213826.406CF228134
Thanks. We posted the Wassenaar changes on Cryptome
on December 19.
The intrusion software has received some but not sufficient
attention. And beyond the sections you cite there are many
covering other technologies which interrelate and affect crypto.
Those have received even less attention, at least in crypto
world as far as we have seen.
The means to transceive crypto continue to be its Achilles
heel and appear headed toward crippling the whole body -- the
bubble in which crypto exists precariously dependent on
sophisticated support systems which, as seen in the Snowden
minimal releases, have overwhelmed public crypto security, not
least by leaving the impression public crypto was highly effective.
More attention to the support system presumably will be given
as the Snowden releases recommence, now dead stopped.
Greenwald claimed recently  that cryptographers and other
techies are now reviewing the material, much of which is
beyond the capabilities of journalists, lawyers and politicians.
The stumbling block of comprehensive Snowden disclosures
is that to do so, allegedly, could severely damage national security.
Uh oh, that terrible aroma of complicity to protect secrets
too dangerous for the public to know. Instead a few select experts
are allowed to perfomr dual-hat assessments. Which is what has led
to the current imbroglio of public and expert distrust: who watches
the dual-hat experts who operate under the cloak of secrecy.

@_date: 2014-01-08 19:22:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Omidyar-Greenwald Scam to Sell Crypto? 
References: Pierre Omidyar's Business Model for First Look is Like a Second Life or Anti-Virus Guard Scam

@_date: 2014-01-12 15:32:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
References: <93021389548788
Welcome back, TCM. You've been missed.

@_date: 2014-01-12 17:30:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
References: <93021389548788
The joke about TCM is that this is a spoof like Tim May used
to post. If not a spoof better not go there.

@_date: 2014-01-12 20:31:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 'Jury Booty' and Anti-prosecution tactics.  (Was Re:) 
>
References: <20140112230319.DCC07228082
 <6C9A86F2-E8E3-4CBE-A3E4-3BC25DAFF8CD
 <1389574935.18340.YahooMailNeo
This has got to be a spoof. The real Jim Bell would never
write this. Unless under pressure to ensnare the stupid and
sending a coded message to stay far away.
We recently got one of these stay-far-away messages from
a noted ISP we had tried to contract who said three customers
had been taken down. Wouldn't say why.
This ISP fought against keeping an NSL secret for years
and lost.

@_date: 2014-01-13 12:01:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Hector "Sabu" Monsegur Sentencing 2 April 2014 
Hector "Sabu" Monsegur sentencing 2 April 2014:
This is the latest postponement as Sabu continues assisting
authorities sweep up his confederates and other cyber targets.
Also helped by an undentified informant who ratted Sabu.
This has netted about 16 indictments, presumably more in
the pipeline, some of whom are likely pressured to name
even more.
Fantastic security business, shopping anonymouses.

@_date: 2014-01-13 16:39:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 'Jury Booty' and Anti-prosecution tactics.  (Was Re:) 
References: <20140112230319.DCC07228082
 <6C9A86F2-E8E3-4CBE-A3E4-3BC25DAFF8CD
 <1389574935.18340.YahooMailNeo
 <20140113014624.539AF10246
 <20140113203727.GZ3180
Maybe Tim May is channeling me, but this talk of messing
with authorities on cypherpunks smells like list tampering to
bait and ensare really dumb newbies.
Playing games is fine, but running entrapments is against
the house rules.
That was encouraged in days of old and got jail sentences
for susceptibles. Since then agent provocateurs, turn-coats
and informants have become a nice-paying online industry
and handsome budget inflators for the feds.
And has bagged a wad of hackers, daring coders and alleged
accomplices, among them:
Jim Bell
Carl Johnson
Aaron Swartz
Chelsea Manning
Julian Assange
Edward Snowden
Gottfrid Warg
Rop Gonggrijp
Brigitta Jonsdottir
Jacob Appelbaum
Hector Monsegur
Jake Davis
Ryan Cleary
Ryan Ackroyd
Darren Martyn
Donncha O'Cearrbhail
Mustafa al-Bassam
Jeremy Hammond
Christopher Cooper
Joshua Covelli
Raynaldo Rivera
Cody Kretsinger
Lauri Love
Neal Rauhauser
Keith Downey
Mercedes Haefer
Donald Husband
Ethan Miles
James Murphy
Drew Phillips
Jeffrey Puglisi
Daniel Sullivan
Tracy Valenzuela
Christopher Vo
Barrett Brown
Ross Ulbricht
Andrew Jones
Gary Davis
Peter Phillip Nash
Vladimir Drinkman
Aleksandr Kalinin
Roman Kotov
Dmitriy Smilianets
Mikhail Rytikov
These are in last few years.
Many more in the years before that, some after prison
becoming security peddlers, journalists, hacker organizers
and for the rest of their lives rats or sent back into the pokey.
At least consider being bit more discreet, assholes,
and in spare time read Gentlepersons Guide to Forum

@_date: 2014-01-14 11:12:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference 
Shirley Jackson, The Lottery, sacrificing  a victim purges guilt
of the guilty.
Does anyone really believe RSA is alone in this "betrayal?"
And that making an example of RSA will stop the industry practice
of forked-tonguedness about working both sides of the imaginary
fence of dual-use, dual-hat, duplicity of comsec?
"Industry standards" were invented and are sustained for this
purpose. No matter NSA, RSA, IETF, NIST, this breast-beating
list of the guilty cryptographers pretending they did not know
what their best customers and employers are doing.
Boing Boing is being played like the crypto promotional wargame
is played.

@_date: 2014-01-14 17:34:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Boing Boing pushing an RSA Conference 
If courageous, Rivest, Shamir and Adelson can be burnt in effigy.
Their initials once were rightly world famous, and to smear these
distinguished gentlemen by vulgar opportunistic protest instigated
by noobs with less than zero comprehension of cryptography
should be condemned not debated.
James Bidzos raped the three once, twice, thrice, then hid his
corporatorizing crime under skirts of EMC. Don't ravage his
Protest, sure, but demonstrate what to protest for effectiveness,
not idiotic sloganeering of a logo. Hell, long-time duplicitous
IBM deserves deeper anger than RSA. DES and much more.
Go big and really bold. Protest the Waasenaar Arrangement,
the greatest rigging of the dual-use technology market ever, and
the world's greatest gang of cheaters, bribers, underhanded
dealers of contraband, most of it lethal, far deadlier than crypto.
Greenwald blogs there are cryptographers and comsec experts
reviewing Snowden's material for future releases. Presumably
the highly ethical reviewers have a clear shot at avoiding release
of their own names and firms. They will cheat, that's certain.

@_date: 2014-01-16 16:06:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cfrg] Requesting removal of CFRG co-chair 
References: <201401162038.s0GKc7IM017003
This witch hunt is ridiculous self-promotion, and most often
is hawked by competing witches, actually by the publicity
machinery of alternative acronymism.

@_date: 2014-01-18 17:16:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: cypherpunks and hackers who dont code? 
References: <3d1fc4a4e28791f48926b4e7175ad622
Recently it was learned that code, crypto code at least, had become
superfluous. Nothing like that protects anything, and never did. It
has joined alchemy, phrenology, snake religion and astrology as
a pseudo-science for TED rituals and RSA suspicion-fest,
still beloved by the faithful, practiced by charlatans, funded
unstoppably by DoD research and to fill a vast repository of
"unbroken messages" out in Utah, a scholarly debunking topic of
historical recollections of aged cryptographers and classified
conferences at NSA and GCHQ to keep up appearances
of once unbeatable prowess. Fort Meade being converted
to a hospice for the greatest collection of mathematicians.
Decrypting computers are silently humming with nothing to
crack, blowing through Megawatts of power to protect the jobs
of hundreds of sysadmins and, yes, dumbfoundedly useless
coders surfing for android bestiality.
Quantum computing collapsed with a whisper, never fulfilling
its promise to render cryptography useless, beaten by a guy
named Snowden or something who revealed that the crypto
leader of the universe had arranged the end of trustworthy
crypto code by rigging holes and backdoors and tricks and
planting malware in every conceivable piece of machinery
everywhere all the time.
Now everything electromagnetic is romantic daydreaming
of what never was.
Remaining, for a while longer, is a 3x5 OTP and a pencil. For
sending coded love notes up your MTM ass. Like here.

@_date: 2014-01-19 15:45:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Al-qaeda.net deprecated (was: Note to new-ish subscribers) 
References:  <20140119181507.GA22336
Too bad al-qaeda is deprecated. Very good that it will take
years, maybe forever, to recognize the tatoo is indelible.
What happened to cypherpunks.org? Who owns it? It's
registration is hidden behind GoDaddy. Listed Servers:
Name Server:NS.CYPHERPUNKS.TO
Name Server:ASTERIA.DEBIAN.OR.AT
 list familiar

@_date: 2014-01-19 15:59:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Feeding trolls 
References: <52DB9C9A.5030603
 <20140119140401.0B2412280AD
 <52DC3028.1040001
James, you are a tough man to argue with. So here's a big
hug and sloppy kiss. The male stench is fantasticly seductive.
Fuck me, big boy. Those women, what can you do with them
except kill them, rape them, steal their money, use them as
maids, and cum buckets, abuse moms and sisters like
your dad and uncles and brothers and other spoiled assholes
do, blame the damn women (and their minority stigmatized)
for all kinds of shit an insecure man would cut your throat
for doing.
We men have got to be careful to avoid pregnancy, so
lets abuse little boys, bring them into our society, teach
them to hate women and minorities, never forget who's
boss liar and cheater and murderer and genocider and
defouler of the planet.
White men who love trashing anybody unlike them, that's
the ticket.
That there is no such thing as a pure white man doesn't
matter, and that most men of all colors are completely
dependent upon women and servants, is changing the
subject, the main point your argument is belief in this purity of
white manhood is the highest code of big talkers.

@_date: 2014-01-19 16:05:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cypherpunks is NOT a safe place for fools 
References: Why not, who else would remain here if not fools. Oh,
you're kidding, is that you, Tim? How are your cats doing?
Prison here too, is this not a panopticon?
Former Agent Gordon is doing better things over at Intel
planting malware and itty bitty byways.
Same for those now gray-beared TLAs, all gone to contractor
consultant nirvana.
Whose afraid, there's no way out of the self cell.

@_date: 2014-01-20 10:17:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Infiltration / Exfiltration 
References: <0e3dc88e757ed0fda36f0d945c44253f
This how Cryptome got its first contributions from this cave. And
still does along with a long list of others. WikiLeaks and Snowden
the best yelled about, but far from disclosing the most information
which is done quietly and without "batshit" hyperbole and vulgar
Excessive publicity is verily an indication that something is not right.
Claims of needing journalism and slow drips to hold public attention
are merely monetizing justifications. Biblical fundamentalism.
And may be much worse, as in the Snowden case, a rationale
for not releasing information except to a few selected abusers,
journalistic, technical and political "freedom of informaton." In
the bogosity of "doing no harm to national security" just like
secretkeepers who use that exact lingo.
Not to say that the holy trinity of abusive comsec, protected media
and secretkeeping are avoidable as globalism's deitific market

@_date: 2014-01-20 10:31:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Infiltration / Exfiltration 
References: <0e3dc88e757ed0fda36f0d945c44253f
 <20140120145622.GB6176
No org headed by a lawyer will break the law, on the contrary will
enforce it stringently, above and below the table. Nor will a journalist
working for a commercial outlet. The perks of privilege for both
industries are just too beneficial. (WikiLeaks was taken over by
lawyers and journalists precursing Snowden's takeover.)
Oh, and they shop clients and sources through confabs in chambers
and consultation with officials, and, really nasty, by access to
classified and secret information. Does that sound like dual-use
comsec, yes, that is what it is.
Far too many lawyers are in government. Push some techs. Go
crazy, push a bunch of cryptographer. Not those under control of
in thrall to lawyers. Any of those charismatics untethered?
Coda: IANAL is never to be flashed as a sign of cowardice, brain-washing,
intimidation, ignorance. It's other side of the king's coin of Godwin's Law.

@_date: 2014-01-30 07:32:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Redactions Fail, Fail and Fail Again 
References: <51F30B31.6010204
 <52E8DF8B.7040400
Humorous Snowden media inept infosec redactions:
NSA Redactions Fail, Fail and Fail Again:

@_date: 2014-07-03 12:47:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA targets the privacy-conscious 
References: <20140703152947.GK26986
It's gratifying to see more detailed technical information about
the Snowden files extracted from the 3% released.
If the 97% is being researched for counterspying technology
under cover of the 3% pubic debate decoy, that would be
consistent with how spies work (as do researchers).
Consider that is what highly trained Snowden has directed in
a masterful chess game heading for checkmating NSA not just
embarassing it by easily technical bypass of court rooms and
technically-limited media.
Outplaying the media is spy course 101. Using media as cover
for secret research is 102. That is what is taught in best of
research labs outplaying spies playing media playing spies.
HOPE has several speakers addressing lively shenanigans of
counterspying July 20-23. Followed by Aspen Security Forum
days later sharing tips on spying the counterspies, naming
Snowen as betrayer 101. That would be consistent of spywork
to demonize one's own to deeper implant and penetrate
most effectively well below the easy to find implants and
Will Snowden win the game he's rigged for whomever?
Will EFF ACLU NSA be winners or losers or revealed
by Snowden as one and same? NGOs are as government
privileged as the media. Not to overlook TOR.

@_date: 2014-07-04 20:15:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA targets the privacy-conscious 
References: <20140703152947.GK26986
 <20140704232121.GL3180
Clamoring to get on NSA hit lists for popular support and corresponding
business, researching, teaching, litigating and speaking opportunities is
a frenzy. Once it was a booster being on the FBI hit lists, then CIA,
then KGB, then MI5 and/or MI6, then Mossad, then Savak, then Cheney,
then Bin Laden, then AQ in Yemen, now Glenn Greenwald is swamped
with applicants to be put on list of names of US persons who are
desperate to be surveilled for starring roles in the multiple scripts of
the Snowden blockbusters, with many more digital Che's in the pipeline.
Snowden's mom has not yet, in public, rolled out a campaign for
evelasting fame and profit for her darling like Assange's mother
and various fathers.
Ed's dad has had his team going full blast for a year, in concert with
ACLU, EFF, Plato Cacheris and a gaggle of natsec sharks
and stunt arrangers, the red phones are hot between DC and
Moscow to set up beamings of Snowden for queues of ass-kissers
eager to be photographed with his metadata-rich talking head.
US attorneys in Eastern Virginia, DC, Southern NY and Northern CA
are wagering on who gets Assange, who gets Snowden, who
gets Greenwald, who gets Poitras, Appelbaum and unnamed
co-conspirators along with the dudes at EFF for orchestrating
Ed's seduction, purloining and dashings from Japan to Maryland
to Hawaii to Hong Kong to Moscow.
Other ex-NSA patriots are in heavy demand to beef up the
lightweight Snowden with dark musings on what the young
man had no access to but they did and will never ever tell.
Behind the legal and media shindigs technical agents are working
the outliers, FOI minions, CCC, Pirates, Torrents, Drops, Jabbers,
chats, IP2s, the invisible -- really -- of dark nets to gather intel on
counterspying apparatus and IO errors.
This is Phase 1.

@_date: 2014-07-09 12:17:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [liberationtech] data mine the snowden files [was: open 
References:  <1404917885.4762.1
Tag the Cryptome Archive: "This is a trap, witting and unwitting. Do not use it or use at own risk. Source and this host is out to pwon and phuck you in complicity with global Internet authorities. Signed Batshit Cryptome and Host, 9 July 2014, 12:16ET."

@_date: 2014-07-15 16:19:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The ultimate goal of the NSA is total population control 
References:  <20140715183155.59BDC22813B
This is a crucial observation and NSA cannot deny the deniability
of its commanding superiors and budget axe-persons.
One possibility which recurs in NSA history is that individuals
inside will have the courage or opportunity to explain how this
actually works, verging on virgin suicide. Limited as always by
draconian secrecy agreements which imperil disclosers with
retribution of being pilloried as Betrayers of the Trust in NSA
domestication journals.
This looming retribution is what induces hemming and hawing
by former insiders -- interlaced with inhuman clarity of not going
too far, top secrets activate brain-implanted recorders -- who
spill some beans but not all, always followed by an assertion
you can never know what I know, recorder beeps damn tootin.
As with Edward Snowden, Thomas Drake, William Binney,
et al. Nobody beeps like that here.
Bleeping predators who exploit former insiders without sharing
the risk are despicable scoundrels, not motherfucking cowards,
cowering behind privileges of press, law, religion, and, oh my
sweet James Jesus: Judas-duplicitous cryptology, finger-pointng
brayers extraordinaire, verily in thrall to kings-coined, oversexed

@_date: 2014-07-17 13:37:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: <nettime> A message from the police: IF YOU SUSPECT IT, REPORT IT 
References: <20140717111639.GC26986
 <53C7FD6C.5080408
We all work for government unless tax avoiders. Latest guesstimate
is 33-45% of pay goes to governments at all levels and those subsidized
by governments. Some argue we will all become full-time government
workers happily having DoD do what's necessary to bring in 100%
revenue by piracy.
Reason: citizen tax squeeze is rising as wealthy and corporations shed
tax burden by NGOs, off-shore evasion, moving HQs overseas, hiring,
manufacturing and financing overseas, massaging taxation laws, bribing
revenuers and office holders, increasing crackdown on citizen tax
deductions, hiring more private police to intimidate those asking for
better pay, offloading environmental crimes to taxpayers, buying
legislators to enact favors for high-profit, high-income beneficiaries,
controlling and ffixing elections to pack offices with sleazes who
work for them before, during and after holding office.
That's the short list. Look at your tax due instructions for the long
one. Or if youngster, your student debt draconian provisions.
Dream of being on the dole by holding political office, or NGO,
from which you can escape the long list and shift it to citizens
wondering if the increasing shit shower ever stopping.

@_date: 2014-07-18 07:46:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Foxacid payload 
References: <53C82098.7090108 <20140717191931.GL4258
Some, maybe all, of those sitting on Snowden docs would/are selling to
the highest bidder for other clandestine hacks. The fundamental purpose
of security is to do that lulling, gulling and smiling at the ease with which
trust can be exploited when a manufactured crisis drives the fearful into
gaping maws of protection.
The especially private kind, the higher the secrecy the higher the price,
is most effective. Fake highest classification markings obligatory.
The frenzy to exploit Snowden revelations, tiny as they are, has saved
the security industry -- mil-com-spy-edu-org-hackers -- from post-2-war
BTW, what are the odds all parties to the Snowden boondoggle are
placing on hot war cyberwar to surpass the cool stinking-poo of AV
and security vendors planting malware to foster upticks of market?
No nonsense Omidyar has bet $200 million on peddling security
products generated by his $50 million investment in insecurity
scare news via Snowden cornicopia of NSA scare programs, which
in turn have received huge boosts of counter-Snowden actions
by the usual suspects of mil-com-spy-edu-org-hackers.
Nothing like it since 9/11. Thank you, Edward Snowden, thank
you media, for prolonging godsent cyber fear and salvation.
Dust off cyber Pearl Harbor posters for Defcon, HOPE, Blackhat,
this very sordid squat.

@_date: 2014-07-18 11:19:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Strong Security Processes Require Strong Privacy 
References: On two related threads:
It's a challenge to work counter-spying without access to all of
Snowden's alleged, note alleged -- nobody knows except Ed
how many or where multiply-accumulated and -stashed from
2008-2013 and afterwards -- documents.
But parsing the unknown, imagining and acting on possibilities,
is the purpose counter-spying as well as spying. Failure expected,
narrowing it for modest utility, no lasting triumph. Privacy as
elusive as security.
It could be, has been, argued that open source coding, like the
Internet, is a ploy, or decoy, like comsec standards committees
and spy oversight committees, even, some claim, Tor and PKC,
AV and Blacknet, so forth and so on paraded here for Internet
dog years.
Duplicity, buyer beware and who watches the watchers inherent,
is that not the wee chihuahua way of survival against greater powers of
Fort Huachuca whisperers, GMO vegetables, fracked minerals,
DoD-fabricated asteroids and black hos of nightsweat zombies.
Whistling in the dark, whistleblowing sunshine, coding out of
sight except for sneaky supra-Tempest io-germs gnawing backbone
taps into HUMINT dervishing switch doctors.

@_date: 2014-07-23 10:17:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tor developers vow to fix bug that can uncloak users 
References: <20140723122236.GG26986
Terrible instance of official censorship by intimidation of an
educational institution. Another nail in the coffin of TOR, just
about nailed shut. Fortunately better alternatives are in the
works, and more after those. High success and popularity
assures a security system will be compromised and a stake
must be driven into the hearts of promoters, repeatedly as
with vampires.

@_date: 2014-07-23 22:01:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Increased and Diverse Disclosure Initiatives Needed 
Cryptome has canceled the Kickstarter. Following the purpose of
the kickstarter it urges support for increased and diverse disclosure
A few suggestions:
1. Many more and diverse disclosure initiatives are needed to broaden
public participation, to diversify content and to increase unpaid access.
2. They should be novel and unexpected.
3. They should evolve and avoid being static, preferrably brand-free.
4. These may be online, offline or neither, inventive and variable.
5. They may be short- or long-lived or episodic and erratic.
6. Might be hit and run, for a single disclosure or unpredictable series.
7. Provided by individuals, groups or variable.
8. Funded by individuals, groups or variable.
9. Anonymous, nonymous, pseudononymous or variable.
10. Legal, extra-legal, quasi-legal, pushing against legal or variable.
11. Low-key, low-profile, low-recognition, the opposite or variable.
12. Reputable, disreputable or variable.
13. Risky, dangerous, outrageous, the opposite or variable.
14. Citizens' duty should be to disclose, resist secrecy, official secrecy most so.

@_date: 2014-07-24 10:38:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Tails vulnerability specific to I2P, not Tor 
References: <20140724140424.GK26986
Ah, the standard CYA natsec and comsec marketing spiel used by nations, spies and contractors, upgades essential, 24x7x365 monitoring recommended but SHINT happens:

@_date: 2014-07-28 16:30:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Systems Abroad Query 
What is NSA "WB Quad System" for GCHQ, Amberwind (PL), TIGERFIRE (IN), IBIS (AU, JP), GCSB SSO Site (NZ):
This is an NSA travel expenses report. Via Jason Leopold.

@_date: 2014-06-09 11:54:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Help investigate cell phone snooping by 
>
References: <74862d74361490eca930f43845394c7298b.20140606145310
 <1402090585.15493.126084309.57EF8952
 <1402112543.24123.126145001.7D0D6075
 <1402247055.70505.YahooMailNeo
Tinfoil is not sufficent any more due to increased sensitivy of
interceptors. False protection left in place as ploy.
False TEMPEST protection is especially effective, the best
remains classified in a rolling fashion: more leaked to delude
the more unleaked of what works. Inadvertent emanations
are increasingly inadvertent as research in those waves
leaps by giant bounds.
Not news to this crafty gaggle of uncontrollably paranoidic
deceptors braying about faults, patches, new faults, new
paths, rolling thunder to panic herds of panic-herders,
pardon, infiltrated standards setters.
Jim, you may be the only experienced expert here in
betrayal by trustees inside and outside the penal colony,
pardon, West of the Pecos justice rigged-comsec
industry. All hail MIT, industry leader of techno-rigging.
BTW, are you at liberty to reveal the secrets of bio-chemical
TEMPEST? The inadvertent body odor is somewhat more
reliable than facial and corporeal. Rumor of testing on the
bio-chem harvesting in prisons, separation of sexes into
their many varieties of posturing, impostering, hybridity
and crossings.
After 9/11 batteries of full sprectrum bio-chem sensors
were set up in NYC transporation nodes, pretending to be
about snffing for bombs but actually about varieties of
human emanations. Later transformed and cloaked into
the Microsoft-NYPD Domain Awareness program which
pretended to be about data-gathering and infiltrating
suspected terrorist conclaves, vaunted by resucitated
HUMINT, but about, well, that's not for the inexperienced
emanator to know.

@_date: 2014-06-20 13:15:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Assange 
References: Virtually nobody is not exploiting Assange for their own purposes.
Kristinn Hrafnsson is among the media monsters, pro and con,
creating and feeding a market for their derivative shallowness of
Assange's fame.
Our latest derivative exploitation over eight years:
To be sure, Assange has derivatively exploited Cypherpunks
since about 1995, naming a book, articles, talks, brags,
after this collective as if his own. That ownership, to be certain,
is a given of this list as it should be everywhere to combat the
thieves and spies of content, branded, marked up and marketed
by way of centralizing media monstrosities.
Combat between cryptoarchists of centralized control and
cryptoanarchists of distributed uncontrol wll go on forever.
Assange's fame and infame are being fought over by
centralizers and decentralzers. Which way he will tip is
his secret of controlling the tusslers as well as what
he whispers to those he is fucking.

@_date: 2014-06-20 18:05:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Assange 
References:  <53A4A8CA.7080300
Thanks. Correction:

@_date: 2014-06-23 13:22:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cryptome down 
References: NetSol discovered a single corrupt file, which has been removed. Should
be active soon.

@_date: 2014-06-29 11:39:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jabber 
References: <92709E37-36BD-40A2-9EF9-9565E7D6D716
"Compromised" is the time's opportunistic word for ever more anti-NSA comsec, mom.
Cisco Jabber Client (scroll down):
Linked In Microsoft Office + Jabber Listed in Spy Program Specialty" (scroll down)
US Secret Service reportedly rigged access to Jabber to take down Silk Road and others. Can't find reference.
Allegations also made against Chaos Computer Club being "compromised."
No question that all these could be disinfo ops to distrust the services, discourage use and drive users to less
trustworthy servcies. However, the post-Snowden rise in "secure drop boxes," "NSA-proof email," and the bountiful other snake oils by the comsec industry and peculiarly opportunistic do-gooders suggests there are
willing and unwilling cooperators with the spooks industry, and not least, the thriving anti-spooks industry consulting the spooks on what can be done "without harming national security."
Cypherpunks laid the foundation for this, no question, and a few have gone on to do rather well at working both sides of comsec, that is what comsec has always been: duplicitous, sneaky, treacherous, lying, cheating, why not tell it snakily, downright upright-humans raping the planet and beyond the blob, the stars.
Examine speaker bureau offerings for who is traveling the blob peddling prime snake fracking.

@_date: 2014-03-06 10:01:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: See??? Satoshi Nakamoto Smeared 
References: Leah McGrath Goodman
What a piece of shit reporting. Journalists compulsively play
pop psychologist is reporting on targets to obscure their
lack of technical capability. When ridiculed for this they
say readers want the gossip because they too lack technical
Not a single journalist resists the temptation for slimey personal
analysis to boost sales from Obama to Putin to Satoshi, from
NY Times to Guardian to WaPo to Wired to The Intercept.
Still the tech firms suck up to the ignorant outlets for lurid
coverage, crypto firms now leading the pack to promote
comsec panic for digital cash-in. You, once honorably corrupt,
dear cpunks, should be raking it in as if in compelled to
rationalize cryptoligarchy.
Fuck them dead, the whipsawing comsec windfall bandits.

@_date: 2014-03-07 14:31:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Are Tor hidden services really hidden? 
References:  <3BDD63C9-92A6-4E82-B84B-8E1E8EFC2E6E
"Also keep in mind that there are no confirmed on the record cases to
date of a Tor 'break/weakness' having been used to find a user. It
appears to be only user error."
One of the perdurable claims of comsec promoters is that comsec
breaks and weaknesses inevitably turn out to be user errors. Exactly
who the fictitious user is remains obscure but assuredly means
somebody other than the comsec promoter user who inevitably
offers a greatly improved product, trust them.
Tor is especially adept at blaming users, itself faultless except for lack
of volunteers to patch its innumerable holes (caused by clueless users),
so much so one might think that is a feature derived from the religion
of national security (actually that is its source and shows its heritage
of exculpability) which inevitably fails due to lack of funding, political
  will, public support, unwillingness of youngsters to die for officer
careers, that is customers must suffer for company profits.
Has there been a better account of inevitable exculpability for
inevitable comsec failure than that by NSA in 1998?
Still hope continues -- thanks to Edward Snowden and his legions
of inevitable comsec failure promoters:
Cyber Security Market Forecast 2014-2024: Prospects For Leading Companies in Military, Government, Critical Infrastructure & Private Sector Protection
Defence report
Cyber attacks continue to dominate the headlines, and with good reason. While the threat of cyber security is often exaggerated, there is no doubt that the enhanced networking of society has created substantial vulnerabilities lurking within its interconnected pathways. With attackers able to strike from anywhere and inflict damage on a significant (but often unnoticed) scale, the threat has never been greater to the reams of knowledge held by governments and enterprise. There is also the threat to military information sharing networks representing a significant challenge: in an era of increased integration between systems and platforms, the very webs which act as force multipliers could collapse. Efforts to counter these extensive vulnerabilities are presently ongoing to an impressive degree, and the speed of these developments is not expected to lessen unduly. As a consequence, visiongain has assessed that the value of the global Cyber Security market in 2014 will reach $76.68bn.
Why you should buy Cyber Security Market Forecast 2014-2024: Prospects For Leading Companies in Military, Government, Critical Infrastructure & Private Sector Protection

@_date: 2014-03-13 07:11:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TAO QUANTUMINSERT Bonanza 
References: If NSA and GCHQ were, are, doing these alleged operations as surmised
with slightest evidence greatly amplified, cherry-picked and moshed like
a Tom Clancy hot seller, it is likely the Devil's Duo are meticulously
tracking, siphoning and implanting:
1. Those reporting, editing, checking, formatting and posting these
stories and documents from various countries and those spying all
these from inside and outside.
2. The hosting and keyservers of The Intercept, First Look and
interconnections and those spying all these from inside and outside.
3. The transceivals among the media staff, lawyers, bankers, bedmates
and those spying all these from inside and outside.
4. The comsec wizards being consulted and those they are leaking
stuff to and those spying all these from inside and outside.
5. The officials being asked for comment and their roladexes of
insiders and those spying all these from inside and outside.
6. The multiple-agencies counter-counter-intel agents double-checking
everyone involved and those spying all these from inside and outside.
7. The thousands necessarily swept up in the spiderwebs of linkages
for immediate or distant actionable operations and those spying all
these from inside and outside.
8. The other national spies working the same territories of gullible
targets armored with the world's greatest comsec protection,
no matter what ex-spies and ex-contractors claim is absolutely
dependable means to assure nobody is swiping and siphoning
and those spying all these from inside and outside.
Months, years to come, there will be even more gushings about
what has been dribbled out with insufficient context to understand
what is media hyperbole and what is worth worrying about and those
spying all these from inside and outside standards orgs, FOI
racketeering, crypto entrepreneurs of com, edu, org and
open source treacheries.
Recap: About 1,333 Snowden documents have been released by
commercial media, none for free.
Greenwald has said he gets about $1,500 per story in which he
gets a byline. Excluding the $1M signing bonus he has allegedly
got from Omidyar, he has made at least another million.
Gellman, Poitras perhaps the same (Poitras may have gotten a
similar signing bonus).
Other dozens of reporters were paid a percentage of that.
So it might be estimated the gang of reporters have garnered
some $4-5M so far.
Media outlets have probably earned 10 times that in sales and ads.
The USG, allies and enemies have probably received similar
amounts to respond to Snowden, some $50-100M.
So call it a $200-500M affair to date.
If the USG and other govs work the bonanza as predicted,
over 10-20 years the operation will generate, conservatively,
a $1-5T boost for comsec religionists and exploiters of media,
spies, universities, telcos, web operators, program peddlers,
AV magicians, games designers, not counting SM and SEOs
and spammers and botnets.
Black markets could match that amount, or multiples of it.
Meanwhile the comsec industry -- gov, mil, com, edu, org -- will
continue reaping the rewards of faith-based sin and salvation.
Thanks, Ed.

@_date: 2014-03-13 07:33:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: TAO QUANTUMINSERT Bonanza 
References: Thanks, Ed, comsec evangelist extraordinaire. If the media operation goes well Snowden could die penniless like the genius Tesla was aced by profit-driven Edison.

@_date: 2014-03-13 09:59:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Comsec as Public Utility Beyond Illusory Privacy 
Snowden may have raised the prospect of comsec as a public utility
like power, water, gas, sewage, air quality, environmental protection
and telecommunications. Privacy protection has been shown to be
illusory at best, deceptive at worst, due to the uncontrollable
technology applied erroneously for national security.
Each of the other public utilities began as private offerings before
becoming commercialized and then institutionalized as necessities,
many eventually near or wholly monopolies.
Each also evolved into military targets for control, contamination,
destruction, and in some cases excluded as too essential for
civilian livelihood to target.
Comsec as a right for human discourse rather than a commercial
service could enforce privacy beyond easy violation for official
and commercial purposes.
Freedom of comsec, say, as a new entry in the US Bill of Rights
could lead the way for it to be a fundamental element of Human
The problem will be as ever the commercial and governmental
exploiters aiming to protect their interests against that of
the public.
FCC and NIST, indeed, the three branches, are hardly reliable to
pursue this, so beholden to the spy agencies they cannot be trusted.
NSA's ubiquitous spying on everybody at home and elsewhere
with technology beyond accountability does raise the chances of
getting agreement of all targets -- gov, com, edu, org -- to say
enough is enough, national security has become a catchall for
inexcusable invasion of the public realm.

@_date: 2014-03-14 08:40:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Comsec as Public Utility Beyond Illusory Privacy 
References:  <1777033677.98407.1394726542915.JavaMail.www
 <20140314035214.GB3180
At 11:52 PM 3/13/2014, Troy Benjegerdes sigged:
Your sig: "earth::water::air::fire::mind::spirit::soul" (EWAFMSS)
pretty well covers the area of operations needing ubiquitous comsec
against ubuiquitous spying of EWAFMSS.
Certainly there will be violations and spying by those who design,
run and abuse the systems of EWAFMSS.
Especially those who are excused from accountability to "maintain
the systems, or debug" EWAFMSS.
More narrowly, system operators, network operators, maintenance
staff, repariers, holders of keys to and lockpicks of the systems, ie, the
Snowdens, the spies, the governors, will usurp control and unilaterally
or collectively decide they know what is best for the systems' users,
and that inevitably coincides with self-interest of the system operators
of EWAFMSS.
Given that inevitability of self-interest, cloaked in high-minded rationales
of public service, or national security, what inevitably must be done to
reign in the inevitable abusers of privilege, public service, national
security, ie EWAFMSS.
A range of options: assassination, revolution, counterspying, treason,
war, founding of new faiths, schemes and con jobs in EWAFMSS.
For comsec that could entail implantation of electroshock devices
in every system operator which punishes, or in extremity, kills, for
misbehavior programmed into the widgets. Hack a key, pick a lock,
mosh RNG, open a backdoor, break a vow of public service, get
singed as a warning, keep it up, get fried.
This is basicly what NSA is implanting around the globe in systems
if not witting and unwitting operators. Starting with implantation of
their own Snowdens of devices of disinformation which leads the
poor goofs to think they know the system vulns. Then the goofs
spread the disinfo to, say, the Greenwalds, Poitras's and Gellmans
who then goofily spread it to the public goofiness consumers.
Blessing this operation is the FISC judges who mightily try to
understand WTF DoJ is blowing at them to cloud what NSA is
actually doing with its systems of EWAFMSS.
Read the FISC orders to see the solons gyrate and spasm
a pretense of understanding what is intended ot be non-understandable.
NSA proceeds totally unhindered to do what it wants with abusing
EWAFMSS, condoned by FISC glossing of the abuse -- what is
done in the US is done worldwide for managing and exploiting for
self-interest EWAFMSS.
Yes, these very lists foster the appeal of exploiting the expoitation
of EWAFMSS by pretending to oppose it, to found a new scheme
of assassination, revolution, etc, etc. This will inevitably lead to
compromisable proponents to be bribed and recruited for service
in the established exploiters: billionaires, journalists, lawyers, courts,
tech corporations, telcos, LEs, TLAs, Vaticans, Israelis, Muslims,
Tea Parties, nations, black marketers, financial crime syndicates,
freedom of information hustlers, leakers, and, most beautifully
remunerative, crypto-comsec mofos.
There's the pitch for comsec public utility, crypto-comsec mofos
signing up to be implanted with EM devices for a Tor-Greenwald-grade
lifetime of comfort bribe to loyally and patriotically run the sysems of
EWAFMSS. Then immediately break the vow, hack the devices,
cheat, lie, steal, bolthole an embassy, refuge in a rogue state,
for a while enjoy the warm feeling of triumph, then be Zapped
remotely for belief in knowing more than the Devil in the Details.

@_date: 2014-03-14 09:03:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Comsec as Public Utility Beyond Illusory Privacy 
Snowden's video, comments and talks at SXSW convey the failure
to aim higher with ubiquitous comsec, instead to remain within the
comfortable fold of Snowden's "do no harm to national security."
This blind faith in natsec cautionary implantation in Snowden and
his media outlets aided by technical advisors and officials, assures
redaction-rich risklessness in accord with the NSA-DoJ-bamboozled
FISC orders guaranteeing continuation of control of EWAFMSS.

@_date: 2014-03-16 09:34:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Journalists Shill Sources and Secrets 
Journalists Shill Sources and Secrets
Advertised with $20,000 full-page vanity ad in the New York Times, 16 March 2014.
Coordinated with the NYT's release of its Snowden files series and books by Greenwald and Gellman, and video by Poitras, as well as capacious media roll-outs, conferences, celebrity profiles, movies, awards, prizes, law suits, mock threats, and phony investigations.
Also coordinated with the rise of billionaire and corporate-funded "non-profit" journalism like ProPublica, The Intercept and The Marshall Project which pay over $500,000 top salaries, some with over $1M in total compensation packages. See dozens of conference sponsors of commercial journalism at bottom.
This conference is full. Registration is now closed for this event.
Sources + Secrets
A Conference on the Press, the Government and National Security
Friday, March 21, 2014 at 8:00AM
at The TimesCenter
242 West 41st Street
New York, NY 10018
Focusing on the divide between the government and the press over coverage of national security issues, the Sources + Secrets Conference will examine the legal basis and scope of government actions that have hampered the work of journalists and offer administration representatives an opportunity to present their case for secrecy.
THE LONG ARM OF THE LAW: panel on the Espionage Act, recent court decisions and Justice Department guidelines on subpoenas to reporters
Ben Wizner, A.C.L.U.; David A. Schulz, First Amendment litigator; Laura R.  Handman, First Amendment litigator; Jeffrey Toobin, The New Yorker.   Moderator: Adam Liptak, The New York Times
PERILS OF COVERING NATIONAL SECURITY:  panel on the impact of government actions on confidential sources and reporting techniques
Jane Mayer, The New Yorker; Mark Mazzetti, The New York Times;    Peter Maass, writer; and Robert L. Deitz, former general    counsel, N.S.A. and senior councillor to the C.I.A. director. Moderator: Bob Woodward, The Washington Post
THE SNOWDEN REVELATIONS: Roger Cohen, The New York Times, interviews Glenn Greenwald, The Guardian; Laura Poitras, The New York Times; and Barton Gellman, The Washington Post, via Skype
PROSPECTS FOR A FEDERAL SHIELD LAW: discussion of the proposed Free Flow of Information Act
Bill Keller, editor in chief, The Marshall Project, interviews Senator Charles Schumer, followed by panel with Senator Schumer; Quinn Norton, freelance journalist, activist; Jonathan Landay, McClatchy; Scott Horton, reporter, Harper's Magazine; and Kenneth L. Wainstein, former assistant attorney general for national security and homeland security advisor
WHERE DO WE GO FROM HERE?  Panel discussion on achieving a balance between press freedom and national security
Jill Abramson, executive editor, The New York Times; Martin Baron, executive editor, The Washington Post; David Remnick, editor, The New Yorker; Katrina vanden Heuvel, editor and publisher, The Nation; Robert S. Litt, General Counsel, Office of the Director of National Intelligence. Moderator: Ken Auletta, The New Yorker
SUPPORTED BY ABC News; The Annenberg Center on  Communication, Leadership & Policy; The Arthur L. Carter Journalism  Institute at New York University; The Associated Press; CBS; The Center  for Communication; the Center for Investigative Reporting; The Center  for Public Integrity; CNN; Columbia Graduate School of Journalism; The  Committee to Protect Journalists; The Denver Post; Frontline; The Hearst  Corporation; The Huffington Post; Investigative Reporters and Editors;  The Shorenstein Center on Media, Politics and Public Policy; The Los  Angeles Times; The McClatchy Company; the Medill National Security  Journalism Initiative; The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel; The New York  Review of Books; The New Yorker; the Newspaper Association of America;  The Nieman Foundation; NOLA.com/The Times-Picayune; PEN American Center;  The Philip Merrill College of Journalism; The Poynter Institute;  ProPublica; The Record and Herald News of North Jersey; the Reporters  Committee for Freedom of the Press; Reporters Without Borders; Reuters;  UC Berkeley Graduate School of Journalism; The Wall Street Journal and  The Washington Post.

@_date: 2014-03-17 08:06:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Comsec as Public Utility Beyond Illusory Privacy 
References:  <1777033677.98407.1394726542915.JavaMail.www
 <20140314035214.GB3180
 <65556698.184400.1394806238174.JavaMail.www
 <20140317040953.GC3180
A point not well emphasized by cryptographers, in public at least,
and advocates of encryption as the essential requirement for
"Unbeakable crypto" may not be used as much as it once was
but there are a host of newly-minted versions of snake oilish
assurances dominating the booming comsec market, thanks
to Snowden's magnificent gift, estimated to eventually reach
the trillion dollar level in two decades, to the gov-com-edu-org
comsec panic industry.
Operators of systems, and the necessarily breachable security they
offer, remain the achilles heels of comsec. Lavabit is only one of
the instances in which sysadmins are compromised. Ubiquitous
deployment of crypto throughout telecom and cyber systems is
vulnerable to sysadmins who insist on full access to everything
to "de-bug" and run their systems, especially those SAs easily
manipulated by front offices and their ever so cooperative legal and
financial advisors. Not many SAs wil do what Snowden did in the
"public interest" which just happens to be a great fortune maker
for media and comsec hustlers.
End to end encryption is currently a hot recommendation of choice
for comsec but skips over what happens behind, below, around and
inside "end to end" code, hardware, implementation, and most of
all the traffic flow of the precious capsules emitting transceiver
vapor trails, EM clutter, arfully cloaked gaps, doors, handshakes,
implants, bugs (and "de-bugs"), ways in and out, checks, double
checks, safety plugs, sigs, nyms, language hints, and manifold
uniquenesses witting and unwitting of fallible hunks of meat.
It is, or should be, primary for cryptographers to publicly admit
cryptosystems inevitably fail, as some do despite being overridden
by sales and CEOs and investors, being bribed and NDA'd into
complicity, or in worst cases threatened with prosecution for
revealing in natsec systems built-in faults or more deviously,
pretending there are none while glossing deep deception with
shallow claims that there are always a few which can be repaired,
nothing is perfect, you get what you pay for, etc, etc, the
formulaic exculpation inherent in the word "security."
No question this is expecting cryptographers to be more honest
than the rest of the greedy "professional" class so avid to profess
public interest while gobbling the public's hard earned with gleeful
transgression slathered in "industry standards" and global treaties
to assure governments and corporations remain piggish and
dispensaries of rewards for the professional classes which
find oligarchal enticements "irresistable" as Greenwald slobbered
in agreeing to work closely with gov-com to withhold secrets
under guise of ventriloquizing Snowden's "causing no harm to
national security."
"Causing no harm to national security" is verily medieval in its
creed-promotional organized religion fervor. Cryptographers
have long been missionaries for this duplicitous "trust us" faith,
so it figures they will evangelize among journalists to adopt
encryption to upgrade the low value of the fear and trembling
scripture, and, as always, the compensation for scribes of
arcane holy writ of bare panic and crypto balm.

@_date: 2014-03-17 09:16:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Journalists Shill Sources and Secrets 
References: wait ... are you saying money corrupts ???
if you are saying that corruption is at hand then how can we trust the supposed human beings behind any of these names ? i mean i think you are saying corruption is at hand but i dont want to assume anything...
Assume this promotional creed screed for national security journalism:
No, media venality is not news. What is worth examining is the long-term
exploitation of "national security" as a joint gov-com-edu-org
racket to manipulate secretkeeping as a wealth concentration
industry. This has been commonplace since the national security
state was invented after WW2 and led to need for continuous
spying to manufacture enemies and to arm for diddly squat combat
against fictious foes by hugely expensive but hardly ever used
armaments. Cryptosystems among the black budgetary wastage.
In particular cryptosystem popularization (as here and its emulators)
as ostensible opposition to the national security racket, begun in the
flower-child 60s to flower wildly in the 90s and rise to a kudzu crescendo
with Snowden's operation to validate crypto use against illusory
enemies within the state, cloaked as usual by the blanket exculpt
"to do no harm to national security," then hide behind privileged
natsec journalism so dirty and complicit in govenment affairs it
needs protection from the public, so merely dribbles dainty
tidbits of threats to privacy and to advance the favorite ACLU
and EFF lawyerly fund-raising hobgobblin of constitutional
FISA Court jiggery-pokery by lawfare warriors indicates that
lawyers and judges know diddly about comsec technology
but dare not admit it and lose control of the public narrative
of threat and protection obligatory in the trillion dollar national
security hootenany which compares to organized religion of the
medieval era which ruled heaven and earth with fantasticly
frightening and pleasuring tales of evil and salvation.
Adled journalists are racing to adopt encryption as crusading
chain mail raiment, ignorant of how easily it can be penetrated,
but no matter, what will really protect the valiant journalists is
"constitutional protection," a comedy of conceit and stupidity
usually associated with court jesters.

@_date: 2014-03-19 16:52:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Skype and Crypto Pushed by Snowden a Ploy? 
References: In connection with using "encrypted, secure connection" Skype for
Snowden's imagery at SXSW and TED, as well as encrypted comms
with journalists and event organizers, what has led these comsec
advisors to believe that all too vulnerable Skype is secure, as well
as all too vulnerable popular crypto pushed for journalists?
Is there any indication Snowden has deployed less vulnerable
protections which have not been disclosed as backing for his
encouragement to trust encryption and to allow Skype to
finger his location and leak his comms?
To be sure, many of his remarks seem to be carefully scripted
for low-brow consumption characteristic of journalism. So there
may be a secure back-channel being used with Skype and pop
crypto as diversion.
The low-brow slides, clips, short docs, redactions released by the
media point to a deception of some sort yet to be disclosed until
25 years has passed. Hyperventilating press accounts of the
releases suggest either deception, inexperience or technical
ignorance or all.
Still, that kind of misleading comsec deception would be commonplace
security measures characterisitic of NSA and wizards -- to induce the
flock to churn massive amount publicity about encrypted comms --
and Skype -- to camouflage the Tor, blacker and deeper comms,
not to say the even blacker and deeper tools not seen by Snowden
or not yet released.
More sopisticated would be to use the small amount of NSA releases
to cloak far greater distribution (a method used by WikiLeaks and
the black market as well as the spy industry). That too would closer
to what the big boys and girls do, and therefore would be exactly what
they are watching for. Including watching for ploys to hide ploys.

@_date: 2014-03-21 08:01:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Compromised Sys Admin Hunters and Tor 
References: <3735791.WCR3VjPavv
Sys admins catch you hunting them and arrange compromises
to fit your demands so you can crow about how skilled you are.
Then you hire them after being duped as you duped to be hired.
The lead Tor designer reportedly (via Washington Post) had a
session with NSA to brief on how to compromise it, although
"compromise" was not used nor is the word used by
Not many honest comsec wizards nowadays are promising
more than compromised comsec, and the compromise is gradually
increasing as Snowden material is dribbled out to convince the
public and wizards not a hell of a lot can be done about it except
believe in and buy more compromised comsec.
Not news here and in comsec wizard-land, to be sure, but
compromised comsec is the industry standard, as the industry
and its wizards in and out of government enjoy the boom and
bust in comsec tools generated by precursors of Snowden,
Snowden and his successors.
Compromisability is assumed by the comsec industry to be a
fundamental feature in all nations, no need to advertise it, much
better to advertise how great comsec is and now much it is
needed. Crypto-wizards have a long history of compromising
believers who hire them and who suffer their promises of
highly trusted protection.
Trusted comsec is necessary to get persons to pack their
comms with compromisable information. The greater the
trust the greater the revelations of just what is desired.
So what if laws are aleays jiggered to allow access to the
revelations "under legal pressure" and "FISC orders."
That has been a fundamental feature of crypto and
comsec wizardry.

@_date: 2014-03-21 08:20:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Dynasty of Compromised Comsec and Legal Protection 
The marriage of flexible legal protections and malleable comsec is a venerable dynasty of compromise.

@_date: 2014-03-26 07:23:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: To Tor or not to Tor? 
References: <3735791.WCR3VjPavv
 <11011018.QPPdtXFcDq
Ubiquitous use of a comsec system is a vulnerability, whether
PGP or Tor or another popular means. Crypto advocates and
Tor encourage widespread use as a defense but may be luring
victims into traps. The more users of a system the more likely
it will be attacked by officials or by malefactors. And the attacks
are most often overlooked in the volume, or excused as a price
of popularity, fixes underway, always underway, keeping coders
and investors happy as engineers mud-wrestling and financiers
Most trusted systems (MTS) are where the money is, as with banks,
so that's where robbers make their living, and MTS set up budgets
for loss, PR, lobbying, training staff in cover-ups and workarounds,
hiring ex-regulators and distinguished industry leaders as advisors,
board members and faces of the MTS around the planet.
The lucrative boomlet in comsec generated by Snowden Inc's
marketing gambit promoting encryption and enhanced comsec
among media mouthpiece megaphones indicates that another
cycle of dubity of the status quo comsec confidence game is
to be followed by a repair and rejigger protection racket,
as evidenced on these mail lists, at conferences, and no doubt
in halls of semi-classified exchanges everready to share tips
and tricks to ratchet up demand for security in all its devilish
Was it not mere months ago when a call was issued to redesign
and or replace the entire Internet from top to bottom, the whole
thing, to end the futile comsec tinkering and delusionary marketing,
no way the Frankenstein could be made secure for human use,
it had fundamental faults which precluded durable comsec.
Perhaps re-Frankensteining is being done in semi-classified
halls, hindered by by official and commercial and scholarly
exploiters of the monster's faults to advance their interests
in advocating MTS for public use, just keep those research
and investment funds flowing.
No risk, no security market, so what fool would want an Internet that
had no faults. No bank would want perfect security to be available
directly to customers. No military or spy agency would want perfect
national security available to the citizenry. No government would
want a threat-free populace. No comsec industry would want ...
Best to aim for pretty good comsec and call it best that can
be done but cheating happens, thank you Edward Snowden,
so prepare for disaster "not if, not when, but now." Intel
committees wokring hand in hand with Snowden Inc. to keep
the public panicky and needful of secrecy protection of
the holy grail, national security backed by WMD.
In short, Tor is a confidence game, crypto is a confidence game,
no better than military, espionage, publicity, entertainment, finance,
law, insurance, education and religion. Oops those are the primary
routes to wealth and power concentration and need for WMD
What, you say WMD is a confidence game? Getoutahere, that's
top secret codeword core faith in secretkeeping. Without that
fundamental Frankensteinian fault nobody would buy security
against the Doctors of monsters working hard at most secret
laboratories on earth to devise crypto for assuring WMD comms
and launch threats are pretty good at persuading the public to
pay the steep protection fee -- which it should be noted is
laundered through IRS and NGOs, blessed by FRS and SEC.
Damn 3 lettered agencies of God.

@_date: 2014-05-02 09:35:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA TEMPEST NONSTOP Document Released 
Just declassified and released after 8 years from FOIA request:
NSA TEMPEST 01-02 NONSTOP Evaluation Standard (Oct 2002):
 Compare NONSTOP Techniques from 1975:
Both heavily redacted but comparison may fill in missing.
The TEMPEST researchers at Cambridge may have full documents.
What say?
Our compilation:

@_date: 2014-05-07 07:10:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: General Keith.. so great to see you.. 
References:  <53699a28.c2e4ec0a.6e3f.320e
Not only the cyber titans were treated to classified briefings
by NSA but also journalists, a number of them since the Snowden
releases, continuing a long tradition of cultivating amplifiers
and opiners in just about all fields -- com, edu, org, experts,
in particular those in infosec, comsec, netsec and data
And like the titans, the others assure their customers nothing
like that is going on, abiding non-disclosure pacts obligatory
for classified entry to secretkeeping. Dual-hats for dual-usage.
And not a few of these are rewarded not merely with information
but contracts, fees, endorsements, featured product placements
in spy offerings, awards (open and secret), vouchings in setting
of standards, educational scholarships for expert profs students
and research assistants, consultancies, recommendations to
corporations and foreign customers.
What is wondrous about the Snowden releases is that there
is so little about this far broader constituencies which conspire
with spies, invent and promote spy products and services, with
the easy corporate targets serving as camouflage for the ostensibly
good hearts who avow they are on the side of the public.
A distinctive feature of this charade is inveterate lying, as spies
do with pride and vainglory, as security pros must do or die,
threatended to be killed for telling just half of the whole story
as ex-spies do to save their skin.
Whadda you mean, the whole story, are you nuts? The whole
story is beyond belief, beyond revelation, nobody knows it.
It is postulated to make the partial revelations look like a clue
to much worse, a standard spy, ethics, education, religion
business, government means and methods, which happens
to be in effect for Snowden, as with other spies and exes,
titans and journalists, scholars and hackers.

@_date: 2014-05-09 08:23:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Dan Geer on IoT 
References: Attendees will hear an address by Dr. Dan Geer, the Chief Security
Officer at In-Q-Tel, the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency's investment
arm. Dan is one of the smartest and most prescient thinkers in the
security world, who has made headlines by warning about the dangers
of our reliance of technology monocultures like Microsoft's Windows
operating systems. Most recently, Dan has been sounding similar alarms
about an (emerging) monoculture of "small devices and the chips that run
them." In other words: just because the network of the future doesn't
have a Windows sticker and "Intel Inside" logo on it, doesn't mean that
the same kinds of problems don't exist.
Many of you who have been following this blog know that the Security
Ledger is particularly interested in covering the (fast) evolving border
line between "traditional" IT security and the terra incognito of the
Internet of Things.
This week, we're taking that discussion to the next level with our
first-ever event: The Security of Things Forum (or SECoT for short).
SECoT is going to be an amazing day of discussion and debate about
what I consider one of the foremost challenges facing the
technology community in the next decade: securing a rapidly
expanding population of intelligent and Internet-connected devices.

@_date: 2014-05-09 10:55:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cryptome Archive Over 71,000 Files 
Donate for the Cryptome Archive of over 71,000 files from June 1996 to 6 May 2014 on 1 USB (23.8GB):

@_date: 2014-05-13 04:00:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?"SIGINT_tradecraft=85is_very_hands-on_(literally?= 
References: We've seen the Greenwald book No Place to Hide, where are the
promised gush of Snowden documents available? His publisher
doesn't show a source. Surely not another marketing tease.
Surely not snatched by the TLAs, tampered with, doctored,
MTM'd, redacted, censored, cherry-picked, highlighted for
dummies and fans, surely not handled like a disinfo spy
op, heavy on narrative, suggestions of much more unreleasable,
need for classified briefings and diligent vetting, that what
we documents censors know we can't dare tell the public
due to the public dupery by enemies of our interests.
Dropboxes are honey pots, media is just that, governments
are just that, opsec and comsec are just that.
And do tell, what is this SIGINT forum psyoping?

@_date: 2014-05-13 20:51:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?"SIGINT_tradecraft=85is_very_hands-on_(li_terall?= 
>
References:  <1400026604.72525.YahooMailNeo
There is a good chance the documents are covertly marked as
you suggest, the ostentatious classification markings a ruse for
untutored yokels to fancy are genuine.
Covert markings have been in use for a long time, as well as
ostentatious markings. On paper as well as digital and other
forms of electronic.
And certainly packets carry unique markings in a variety of
overt and covert types.
Some of the techniques fall under the inadvertent emanations
rubric associated with Tempest -- which has blossomed well
beyond the FOIA releases from the late 1990s. TSCM is a
marvel of duplicity and ruse.

@_date: 2014-05-14 06:50:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?"SIGINT_tradecraft=85is_very_hands-on_(l_i_teral?= 
>
References:  <1400026604.72525.YahooMailNeo
 <1400044281.70204.YahooMailNeo
That would be quite useful. How would you crack it if used
by an opponent?

@_date: 2014-11-04 07:15:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Privacy has always been a fight against rulers and funders 
References: Verifying US-UK concordance, with FBI head, Director of NSA said
much the same as GCHQ to the US Chamber of Commerce on
October 28, 2014:
These heads of spy and LE agencies are proposing that companies
and citizens continue to serve and become spies, agents, informers,
coverts in mirroring their enemies of their security states. And not only
are asking for patriotic volunteers by sticks of fear and aiding
the enemy but contracting for services by carrots of privileged
briefings, access, profits and tax write-offs. No wonder oligarchs
are increasing and are rushing to aid and abet spies in all
Will First Look's Racket magazine come to life to join
The Intercept, so buzzworthily named to fit what they
do: front for First Look Media's invention and distribution
of comsec products which if true to the ancients' practice
will spy on the populace with everylasting panoptic look.
This is hardly new, indeed is as old as governments and their
precursor "lawful" rulers of the populace which cannot be
trusted with anarchic self-rule, much less armed with treasonous
cryptoanarchy for absolute right to privacy from rulers.
Even this list of rogues was founded and struggles to survive on
its impossible mission to resist this ancient history and current
fervor of duplicity and dual-use of the ever growing family of
securities -- personal, home, clan, region, nation, global,
religion, ideology -- deployed to simultaneously attack and
protect the populace by declaring who is insider and who
is outsider, take your pick, save your life. Us or them. Divide
and conquer. Praise and smear. Lop heads and drone. Imprison
and exile.
Significantly for this clan, comsec remains an essential tool
for attacking and protecting. It annoys the masters of comsec
no end for rogues to mess with their command and control
communications and ubiquitous civic spying operations.
It requires recruitment of comsec rogues to mess with rogues,
as amply demonstrated here and other security fora where
coders and hackers are prime candidates for quietly switching
sides, remaining in place, covertly informing, sabotaging,
implanting, faulting, I/O erroring, pretending opposition to the
state, stashing their fees, teaching cryptology, advising NGOs,
counseling dissidents, whistling Dixie for media and audiences,
advocating openness, disclosing shallow vulns to hide
the deeper.
This list goes on, as evidenced here and on the gobs of
freedom of information outlets which have spread as widely
as the Internet, black net, deep net, chats, OTRs, Tor, and
now cellphone webs and swarms of earnest instigators
indistinguishable from TLAs taking 100% and giving back
at best 50%, with bountiful support from freedom-loving
oligarchs, soliciting volunteers, paying overseers of
volunteers, accruing profits by shifting taxation to the
populace for their protection and spying on it to assure
system security, oiled with bounties, bonuses and
Sabu-grade walk-frees awards for whistleblowing on the
whistleblowing, and not least, enduring legal fees for ACLU-
grade justice tipped against oppostion to civil liberties
racketeering aided and abetted by backdoored comsec
also known as rule of law.

@_date: 2014-11-08 14:41:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] $750k Fine for exporting crypto 
References:  <20141107034759.C8BEB2281A4
 <6C19299C-FB55-472D-9DFB-69092CE86171
The global internal rot of digital technology dependence appears doing
quite well by inducing ever greater investment and reliance upon
it. Will over-reliance upon secret cryptography be its Achilles heel?
Let us hope so.
Conumdrum is that wholesale monitoring is the result of ubiquitous
digital technology, networks and programs thickly hidden by secret
cryptography, thinly protected, if at all, by never quite effective public
cryptography, ineffective by law by design, by implementation and
by endless excuses to do better next time.
The correlation between the rise of the Internet to advance global
surveillance and public cryptography to persuade the populace there
is hope the surveillance can be countered, is occasionally noted
but not by cryptography fetishists who promote the notion it is possible
to have a global platform of diverse levels for multiple open and
secret uses but still protect at least a few of the levels with encryption.
This despite the legacy of cryptography as a deceptive technology
through and through and foremost, in particular by misleading about
its strengths and weaknesses, its treachery and double-dealing, its
cheating and betraying, its false promises and "confessed" failures.
No doubt all forms of security share these characteristics, eventual
failure is the fundamental outcome of a security system subject to
ceaseless attack. Every fortress fails, every weapon is surpassed,
every peace treaty is transgressed, every ideology collapses, every
nation is overturned; in all cases by excessive conviction that failure
will not happen, and when it does, it occurs by the least expected
means. After a few attempts to repair the majestic defense and
prolong a regime, it finally implodes most often due to internal
rot of those unable to give up comfortable convictions that munitions
are invulnerable, that supreme command and control is protected
against tampering, that oaths and rewards of fealty to the homeland
are insurpassable. Except for the planted cheats of anonymizers
and encryption.

@_date: 2014-11-14 15:59:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Doing HTTPS everywhere in the .gov space 
References:  <20141114170658.GA3783
Dot gov subscribers have been around since the beginning.
Some wear dual hats, some switch back and forth. Some use
nyms, some use personal mail, some are open, some are
hidden. This is how crypto has always worked, no other way
to do it. Cannot be one-sided, cannot be perfect, snake oil
as common as trustworthy, deception essential, honesty
a sure sign of dishonesty. RTFM, RTF archives, filled with
tips about using mail lists for FUD. Without FUD no need
for crypto. Gov FUD is oxymoronic which is why crypto
is basic to any regime.
70 people is about what the USG needs for comsec. 10 capable
ones, 60 to pad the payroll and please Congressional earmarkers.
75,000 is shale-fracked snakeoil. Ft Meade better used for
a Swedish massage spa.

@_date: 2014-11-16 11:22:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Call for publication of all Snowden papers gets louder 
Call for publication of all Snowden papers gets louder
The Amsterdam Media Professor Geert Lovink left no doubt that in his opinion the medium term, the entire treasure of the NSA Whistleblowers must be made and archived publicly. Such an approach has a very different range than the global 24-hour news machine. "Journalists want to make headlines and politics", was the founder of the Institute of Network Cultures . But it was important to think long-term.
The Snowden-papers offer unique insight into a loud Lovink "information-military complex in the making": They showed roughly, "who are the actors and what technologies they use." In addition, they made different impact of monitoring on individual countries or regions significantly and who personally was affected as a group or society. Taken together, this was "for all investigative journalists around the world for decades interesting".
Ruf nach Verffentlichung der Snowden-Papiere wird lauter
Der Amsterdamer Medienprofessor Geert Lovink lie keinen Zweifel daran, dass seiner Meinung nach mittelfristig der gesamte Schatz des NSA-Whistleblowers ffentlich gemacht und archiviert werden msse. Eine solche Herangehensweise habe eine ganz andere Reichweite als die globale 24-Stunden-Nachrichtenmaschinerie. "Journalisten wollen Schlagzeilen und Politik machen", befand der Grnder des Institute of Network Cultures. Es gelte aber, langfristiger zu denken.
Die Snowden-Papiere bieten laut Lovink einzigartige Einsicht in einen "informations-militrischen Komplex im Werden": Sie zeigten etwa auf, "wer die Akteure sind und welche Technologien sie nutzen". Darber hinaus machten sie unterschiedliche Auswirkungen der berwachung auf einzelne Lnder oder Regionen deutlich und wer persnlich, als Gruppe oder Gesellschaft betroffen sei. Zusammengenommen sei dies "fr alle investigativen Journalisten weltweit ber Jahrzehnte hinweg interessant".

@_date: 2014-11-28 08:25:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: What Is Good Encryption Software? 
Reader asks: What Is Good Encryption Software?
I have contacted you asking about certain security questions.
After reading a few of the Snowden leaked documents, I have
started to be more aware of my privacy being at risk. I have a
few questions concerning certain programs and safety tips.
First, I've recently started to doubt about my encryption software.
Is Symantec's "PGP Endpoint" a good hard drive encryption software?
In other words, is it trustworthy since it is an American company.
And if not, what encryption software is the best for Mac.
Second, is "ProtonMail" as secure as they say it is? If not, what
email provider doesen't let the NSA see into my account.
Third, is Jetico inc's "Bestcrypt Container Encryption" trustworthy?
If not, what could be an alternative.
Fourth, are these encryption types good? Blowfish, Gost & AES - 256bit.
And which encryption type remains the best above all?
Last, is Kaspersky a good anti-virus software? If not, which one is the
best for Mac.
Important, difficult questions, likely to produce a range of answers.
We will publish for answers.

@_date: 2014-11-30 16:07:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Encryption Experts and Snake Oilers Quacking Like Governments 
Capitalizing on the comsec frenzy, several sites, probably many,
are offering to encrypt for those who do not want install programs
or find them too difficult to use. All appear to promise that no
records, private and public keys, email addresses or content
will be kept. Trust them.
For example, here's one used to send encrypted messages:
This approach suggests that the renewed crypto wars have again
bred a new round of opportunities to beguile those who yearn for
comsec but do not know how to get it, nor how to evaluate the
offerings, in particular those provided by US producers which they
doubt are free of government manipulation. But they also doubt that
any cryptosystem is free of that, thanks to the NSA revelations of
global cooperation among nations to do what NSA does, and the
failure of crypto experts and firms to fully disclose their aid to
governments, before and after Snowden's revelations.
So the downside of Snowden's revelations is that there is considerable
suspicion that all crypto is compromised, and, worse, that snake oil
is not really different from the good stuff for the ordinary user who lacks
the technical skills to distinguish them. And that comsec experts are
in league with authorities to dupe the public by excessive warning
of snake oil to peddle their own offerings, that is, experts and
snake oilers are doing what governments do.
Trust Snowden, trust experts, trust governments, but distrust
snake oil. Wait, users say, how can we tell the difference when
they all quack like ducks.

@_date: 2014-10-02 07:37:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Retired NSA Technical Director Explains Snowden Docs 
Retired NSA Technical Director Explains Snowden Docs
Best account yet of the Snowden releases by a technically
capable person. Eventually, perhaps, the other 96% will receive
similar public disclosure to fully inform beyond opportunistic

@_date: 2014-10-08 07:59:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: State Hash 
Special note to law-enforcement agents: The word "state" is
a technical term in cryptography. Typical hash-based signature
schemes need to record information, called "state", after every
signature. Google's Adam Langley refers to this as a "huge
foot-cannon" from a security perspective. By saying "eliminate
the state" we are advocating a security improvement, namely
adopting signature schemes that do not need to record information
after every signature. We are not talking about eliminating other
types of states. We love most states, especially yours! Also,
"hash" is another technical term and has nothing to do with cannabis.

@_date: 2014-10-16 10:34:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Corporate undercover nation-state agents 
References: <4116036fd30dfa22ddb91ceba49d29e9
While this may be an insult to cypherpunks cryptoanarchical origins
it could be saluatory to occasionally set aside state perfidy to look
more closely at the private sector which reaps most rewards from
state obsequiousness toward industry, politicians and their backers
of wealth and the "non-profit" organizational tools of the wealthy, from
mendacious very smark and crafty individuals, particularly in comsec
and infosec and above all else, natsec and anti-natsec, out to work
all sides by getting in bed with all of them, serially and simultaneously.
Private sector spit swappers are as ubiquitous and deceptive as
privacy policies, anonymizers, backdoor coders, covert device
implanters and highly reputable hustlers of public interest, the
skilled and avid publicity seekers avowing protection of the populace
against exploitive gov-com-edu-org-religion hoodlums.
Under cover, over cover, these wily coyotes switch allegiances
like hipster clothing and manufacture bar-pickup promises: take back
the net, https everwhere, fight the spies, lengthy-key encryption and
shyster key sharing, anon-routers and deep black statelessness,
black white and gray products boundlessly offered free to siphon user
data then paid for dearly by black market buyers, then blame the foreign
hackers cover-up aided by AV predators press releasing APT
proofs of countermeasures marketability right here.
What with the profileration of trade schools for coding mastery
in a few weeks, there is quick money to pound the rat button for
more hack, privacy and comsec attacks, more calls for intervention
by everybody everywhere to Ebolaize cyber plagues beyond control.
Against profitably orchestrated terrorism and disease panic attacks
Cypherpunks said it then, avow it now:
"Cypherpunks write code. We know that someone has to write
software to defend privacy, and since we can't get privacy unless
we all do, we're going to write it. We publish our code so that our
fellow Cypherpunks may practice and play with it. Our code is free
for all to use, worldwide. We don't much care if you don't approve
of the software we write. We know that software can't be destroyed
and that a widely dispersed system can't be shut down.
Cypherpunks deplore regulations on cryptography, for encryption
is fundamentally a private act. The act of encryption, in fact, removes
information from the public realm. Even laws against cryptography
reach only so far as a nation's border and the arm of its violence.
Cryptography will ineluctably spread over the whole globe, and with
it the anonymous transactions systems that it makes possible.
For privacy to be widespread it must be part of a social contract.
People must come and together deploy these systems for the
common good. Privacy only extends so far as the cooperation of
one's fellows in society. We the Cypherpunks seek your questions
and your concerns and hope we may engage you so that we do
not deceive ourselves. We will not, however, be moved out of
our course because some may disagree with our goals.
The Cypherpunks are actively engaged in making the networks
safer for privacy. Let us proceed together apace.
Eric Hughes 9 March 1993"

@_date: 2014-10-24 15:32:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CITIZENFOUR 
References: Thanks for the comments.
Screenshots most welcome. cryptome[at]earthlink.net or pointers.
Greenwald's mercenary greed is why only 97% of Snowden docs
have been released. His and cohorts criminal behavior puts citizens
in harms way to protect the natsec apparatus including natsec media.

@_date: 2014-10-26 08:26:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: GamerGate 
References: I had not followed GamerGate until today's New York Times
article about it. Nor followed games, so the controversy is
new to me. But not the issues involved, which are prevalent
online and off. Particularly in testosterone-rich enterprises like
military, spies, armaments, sports, weapons, ideology,
religion, education, society, civilization, humanity, existence
itself. In all of these, the stronger violently dominate the
weaker and do so with the psychotic belief that this is
the way it should be, natural.
In war and peace, in human exploitation of animal and earthly
domains, in climate degradation, in force-feeding "democracy,"
in cruel treatment of women's bodies and neglect of children,
in just about every aspect of torturous "advancements in
civilized peoples" in the course of inventing and applying
ever greater and more vicious ways to kill, maim, starve
and over-populate earthlings by male rape in all guises
of wargames.
Games are a reflection of the this much greater conceit
of male dominance in all institutions, all of them, even those
which spout diversity and affirmative action and grant minimal
access to privileged male sanctuaries -- no matter the skin
color, ethnicity, faith, location on earth.
It is argued that male aggression inherent and can at best
be somewhat controlled by law and social compact. That is
a comfortable apologia by male supremacists in law and
social compacts dominated by them with intellectual and
economic arrogance. All institutions measure accomplishment
by male-derived standards to tip the balance in favor of those
rigged games.
GameGate is too limited in scope, so much that it should
be seen as a male-dominated diversion, a game, to avoid
addressing the origin and sustaining influence of male
way of thinking, doing, making, competing, surviving, by
lying, cheating, killing, ruling in all aspects of existence,
simulated in games, trained for in games, monetized by
games designers and producers, applauded and lauded
in halls of power and control, in prizes and awards, in
cemetaries and statues, in art and science, in accumulation
concentration and monopolization of wealth.
No game this larger world, this wargame of "ballsy"
potentates in military, policy, spying, media, sports,
taxation, playing obsessively the "law of men enforced
by lawmen."

@_date: 2014-09-02 07:35:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: "Fake" Comsec Found Everywhere 
Anxiety and fears about loss of privacy through surreptitious
and ubiquitous technology, with concomintant rise of advocates
of defenses, parallels the age-old scam of the devil inside
humans attacking faith in god(s) requiring constant remediation
by religion, in particular by buying into costly, elaborate edifices,
ceremonies, couture, sermons, damnations, excommunications,
informants, behavior police, burning of witches, celebrations
of saints. Remind of the crypto wars still raging?
Comsec might be seen as a cult of fetishistic technology,
crypto its sacred text of salvation and protection from
demons forever being publicized by the preachers of
how to hide your sins from the sin spies, the main sin
being apostasy about national security armed to the max
with weapons of mass punishment of disbelievers of
of one's own faith against that of competitors, especially
competitiors setting up subversive storefronts of alternative
Worse of all, the crypto-rebels writing their own code of
sin and salvation, defying authorities, seducing youngsters,
leaking secrets of the official corruption, mocking official
old gods in favor or new ones home-brewed on the
electronic frontier.
Snake oil is as old as snakes whispering to naked apes
once happy copulating without devils or gods hurling
sand into the amply lubricated in and out to make new
copulants free of imaginary fears and anxieties that
pleasure is bad, don't seek it without permission,
don't do it unless paid in advance, don't dream of
it or the devil wins, don't self-satisfy or narcissism
destroys. Right here are some helpful aids to control
your urges by allowing experts to tell you what's right
and wrong. You will need this protection inside
and outside, everywhere, all the time. Let us
pray. Your wallet please.

@_date: 2015-04-06 20:29:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Greenwald, Scahill step down from The Intercept 
References:  <5521cb3c.88c98c0a.37e3.ffff93aa
 <55228455.5040500
 <5522CECC.9090404 <5522E8E0.2000006
 <5522FA86.4060404
 <5523177B.7040609
Not showing dead bodies of warfare helps sustain wars.
Defense Dept doesn't want them shown so public will
support sanitized war. News media doesn't want to show
them so advertizers can show ads which seduce the
public to wanting only sanitized news and war.
Those who profit from sanitized war and news want to
thrill the public with sanitized gore and business glory.
Every war has a sanitization business supporting it,
hiding carnage, cadavers, maimed, insane with
film, books, video, literature, education, religion,
and popular entertainers who valorize bloodthirstiness
and cruelty, venality and greed with sanitized cariatures,
games, parades, medals, cemetaries, monuments,
pensions, vet hospitals, thanks for service.
That way those who have experience actual war can
find nobody who has not who can understand anything
except the sanitized version. Grieving survivors can
find nobody to grasp what they suffer. Traumatized
vets wander among the sanitized zombies, whacking
a few, noticing that none of the other zombies care
a bit, dreaming this Django will end, this Dirty War
will end, sure, take a photo of me with the ghoul,
give me a Pulitzer, an Oscar, an Snowden factory

@_date: 2015-04-06 20:43:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Greenwald, Scahill step down from The Intercept 
References:  <5521cb3c.88c98c0a.37e3.ffff93aa
 <55228455.5040500
 <5522CECC.9090404 <5522E8E0.2000006
 <5522FA86.4060404
 <55230869.9080102
That's the crucial fault of the Snowden campaign, its corrupt core,
ambition and greed triumphant. Snowden is paying the high price
for others' profit. A nadir in contemporary journalism seemingly
without bottom.
Meanwhile obsessive handwringing about petty story fabrication,
as if to avoid the principal fabrication of 2013-2015, instead praising,
awarding, investing, promoting, recycling, gaming, streaming,
TEDing, Oscaring, glorifying, comedifying it.

@_date: 2015-04-17 20:56:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Memex Oil Gush 
References: <55319df3.0a808c0a.3c9e.1308
Simple: how to provide security and privacy just by claiming to do so,
packaging attractive, easy to use programs, heavily promoted, say,
like HTTPS and crypto.
This is what Obama said the government intends to do and invited
corps and edus and experts to just that, oiled with a gush of It Tastes
Like Real Butter.
Easy-Grease DARPA has buttered Tor and others to gush spy the web
while shouting about privacy protection just like Google, Microsoft, IBM,
universities, security experts, cryptographers, freedom of information
hustlers, ACLU, the usual fossil fuel dispensers.

@_date: 2015-04-22 12:24:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Shamir Reveals Sisyphus Algorithm 
Adi Shamir at RSA Conference:
Fully secure systems don't exist now and won't exist in the future.
Cryptography won't be broken, it will be bypassed.
Futility of trying to eliminate every single vulnerability in a given piece of software.

@_date: 2015-04-22 20:02:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA releases 52,000 pages of William F. Friedman Collection 
NSA releases 52,000 pages of William F. Friedman Collection, searchable:
Document index spreadsheet:

@_date: 2015-04-25 10:44:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Shamir Reveals Sisyphus Algorithm 
References: Indeed. Inherent leakiness of digital technology is a gift of Olympus,
aka James Bidzos aka RSA. Never enough fault-rich crypto.
Digitalization might be the quintessential foolhardiness, or comsec
opportunism, which had led to endless apologies, apologias, apoplexies.
And hurrahs among investors, urging hackers and insiders to spill
secrets sufficient to assure comsec-panicky buyers. Bug bounties
hilariously, assuredly, self-defeating as backdoor warnings.

@_date: 2015-04-30 15:14:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Matt Blaze Testimony on Encrytion 
Matt Blaze testified yesterday at the House hearing on encryption
Others too:

@_date: 2015-08-01 09:57:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: FOIA/PA 
References: I believe FBI was a minor player, if any, it was IRS TAIGA's Jeff Gordon
and AUS Attorney Robb London who bird-dogged, planted a vehicle
tracker, surveilled, harassed parents and friends, lurked on, sent
messages and cherry-picked this mail list to subpoena cpunks and
gather evidence for grand juries.
Indeed, it would be helpful to see the investigative files never introduced
in court: some claim only 5% or less of "law enforcement senstive" are
publicly released to avoid disclosing means and methods to assure
conviction and chill others into lawful obedience, even if the judge
remains awake during trial -- which in Mr. Bell's case, did not. Instead
Judge Tanner (80+ years old), snoozed and periodically barked "Period."
OTOH, some folks say once you see what is in such files, it may be
prudent to let sleeping dogs lie. Shit your father, mother, friends,
enemies, informants and shop-your-ass-to-save-their-own supporters
say about you, reveal about you, lie about you, cover-up their own
evildoing, well, now.
No doubt, once the partially disclosed and redacted and doctored files
are in hand, nothing stops you from culling them, doctoring them,
fucking your tormentors by publishing your own version of FOIA/PA
as the law and courts encourage official and unofficial liars to do.
Admirable that Muckrock provides tutorials on how to do this, with
gobs of documentary evidence far exceeding Snowden team's
snow job.

@_date: 2015-08-14 08:25:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: anybody know what came of t-fish cult of the dead cows 
References: <20150814013212.AD0AEA0AE77
 <9F481D22-A43F-47F7-AE09-AE899EE80A32
Good beginning of common knowledge, Sir Hettinga, do please continue
doxing the l0pht multi-layered spin-offs. A de-hirsuted facial recognition
diagram of the seedling's growth would be a swell calendar of naked
founding members of Boston CrypTea Party.

@_date: 2015-08-16 12:23:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Is https://cpunks.org CERT expired? 
References: <20150816155930.GB2474
Expired 8/14/2015. And NSA owns your memnyms and all ISIS's HTTPSs.

@_date: 2015-08-16 15:13:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Spying Relies on AT&T'S "Extreme Willingness to Help" 
References: <20150816164645.06194680176
The NYT-Propublica is an informative and impressive release,
in many ways better than previous. It expands on the earlier
revelations (as the narratives state) with some overlap and filling
in gaps. A good sign the holders of the balance of the Snowden
dump are digging deeper and learning how convey a fuller picture
or at least a more enthralling one for the public while techologists
twiddle thumbs awaiting useful data to devise defenses. (A hint
from some Snowden withholders there may be handoffs to
technologists separate from the public. Schneier, Matthew
Green, a few other comsec wizards aiding publishers have
said as much.)
Hardly complete to be sure, with about 10% of the dump
published, with plenty of gaps indicated by jumps in narratives
and still too many redactions -- presumably the result of
consulting with officials as heretofore disclosed, or due to
Snowen's instructions about what to withhold, either to
"avoid national security harm" or in expectation US prosecutors
might be mollified in the negotiations for his return to the
Most frustratingly, details of the spying technology are
missing with emphasis still on slide shows and textual
summaries -- most likely to satisfy the public rather than
technologists at home and national opponents.
Jacob Appelbaum's and a few others releases of the
technology are the exception, civil liberties and lawful
issues remaining in the forefront of released documents
and much more so for the journalistic accounts.
It might be surmised that staying away from technology
disclosures and featuring 5-Eyes and partners prowess
and comprehensiveness of slides and text serves to
warn the enemy of what's in store without disclosing
information to defend against it.
In particular, Snowden's and associates harping on the
need for widespread, strong encryption use, even though
the documents show how the spies bypass it, undermine it,
use it for deception, implant backdoors in it (as well as in
chips, OSes, routers, nodes, cable stations, server farms,
teleco hubs, virtually everywhere in the global system as
shown in this latest release) should be taken as a warning
encryption is not the magic cape its proponents claim.
This suggests reliance upon encryption may be a decoy to
divert attention from other comsec protection, the old
CryptoAG ploy: The most trusted comsec the most
likely not.
The tremendous rush to market cybersecurity means and
methods for public consumption, combined with 5-Eyes
outreach to industry for means and methods to defeat
cybersecurity, is a wonderful paradox, albeit powerfully
stenching with treachery.
Whether Snowden is more of a hero to the public than to
5-Eyes and its partners is up for future historical debate.
Say 25-30 years ahead, about the time required for
full disclosure of the Snowden dump at the current rate of
release (to the public, not clear which wizards getting
early access are developing products, sales and industries
to capitalize on cybersecurity alarm, some most assuredly
are based on their inability to avoid bragging about being
consulted by government, industry, NGOs,, vulture capitalists,
and the usual speaker bureaus where wizards flog their

@_date: 2015-08-17 12:53:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: CNSS Issues Memo on Shift to Quantum-Resistant Cryptography 
CNSS Advisory Memo on Use of Public Standards for Secure Sharing of Information Among NatSec Systems 08/11/15
This Advisory expands on the guidance contained in CNSS Policy No. 15, National Information Assurance Policy on the Use of Public Standards for the Secure Sharing of Information Among National Security Systems (Reference a). Based on analysis of the effect of quantum computing on Information Assurance (IA) and IA-enabled Information Technology (IT) products, the policy's set of authorized algorithms is expanded to provide vendors and IT users more near-term flexibility in meeting their IA interoperability requirements. The purpose behind this additional flexibility is to avoid vendors and customers making two major transitions in a relatively short timeframe, as we anticipate a need to shift to quantum-resistant cryptography in the near future.

@_date: 2015-08-18 13:11:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Spying Relies on AT&T'S "Extreme Willingness to Help" 
References: <20150816164645.06194680176
 <55D35CF4.8000503
Law will always be bent to favor authorities, that is what law
does and why lawyers are given special protection and privileges
not given to the citizenry. What NSA, ATT, Cisco, Oracle, Microsoft,
RSA, Google, ISPs and the others have been doing, and will
continue doing, is completely legal and, if insistent, constitutional
(the ur law favoring natsec authorities), so it is misleading to claim
Mark Klein, like Snowden and most other leakers, has been co-opted
by lawyers, civil libertarians and wealthy donors to speak to their scripts.
If not, then to the poor house dogs.
Nothing wrong with being scriptedly misleading, that is what media
and law do to whatever raw remarks are handed, leaked, "Secure
Drop"-boxed to them ("at own risk of sources").
Nor anything misleading about promising strong encryption and
surefire cybersecurity, despite repeated failures, backtracks,
apologias, tweakings, full disclosures, that is what they do "because
the enemy does" and "we're doing the best we can." No, not national
defense grade protection, are you nuts, RTFM.
Nor is it misleading about civil liberty, privacy policy, anonymization,
open source, HTTPS, the current cipher-sec civil-lib kaboodle.
That is necessary for their survival in the marketplace. "That is
what competitors do and become rich at it, we're sick of being
middling strapped."
What might piss off a pristine, completely guiltless humanoid
coder is the brazen duplicity of the opponents of the NSA cartel,
the enjoyment of perks of being on both sides, wearing dual hats,
citizen-official, dissident-loyalist, open-closed, public servant raking
in high fees for duping the public about forever known-to-be-faulty
comsec, reneging on assurances, duo-dancing on pinheads at
comsec fora with mutually celebrated opponents, advising governments,
tesitfying for governments, taking government contracts, betraying
confidences, fork-tongues a flutter.

@_date: 2015-08-21 05:56:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Defcon slides 
References: Someone else got a 402. Good Housekeeping Mr Clean machines
do not get a 402.
Most likely the Kaspersky-Krebs-Schneier-TCMay-Muppets-
JPMorgan-In-Q-Tel-in-YourBox v.12 exploit is MiTM by DoD-BBG-Tor.
Pay the ransom. No BTC, Rai only.

@_date: 2015-08-23 06:43:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Truecrypt container hacked? 
References: <55D8F29D.20405
 <55D9673E.3030502
Well said on skepticism of news reports concerning crypto, comsec,
infosec, natsec. Disinfo and deception are inherent in security and
survival, and best, most reliable, most trusted are typical tools of
misleading exploitation.
Where a single means and method, such as crypto (or science), is
encouraged for rock-solid assurance, at least one other means and
methods should be employed which in no way depends upon the
single means. Hoodwink wins by cheating.
A single means is certain to be continously under attack, and its
vulnerabilities concealed both by the attackers and by the promoters.
Blind faith in a single means is as old as religion, art and royalty, perhaps
as old as humans faced with unending threats from nature and
mortality -- and most of all from each other's thieving and murderous
practices. Duplicity and con-jobs were essential, along with bigger
clubs and rocks, voodoo and faux-virgin sacrifices -- ISIS hardly
different, except more modest and sane and much less wealthy,
than Los Alamos, The Vatican, JP Morgan, Ashley Madison,
Silicon Valley and the IC all fostering blind faith in their own
advertising of rockefeller-st-peter-approved STD protection.
Some HTTPS Everywheres lately have been advertising encryption
and HTTPS as condoms to protect against Internet STD, aka privacy
rape. Peddlers of these hygienics are surely donors to the of Church
of Crypto whose priests do enjoy the pleasures of insider hoo-haa.

@_date: 2015-12-02 11:58:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cryptome.biz (RU) not affiliated with Cryptome.org. 
Cryptome.biz, a Russian virtual currency site registered 25 November 2015,
is not affiliated with Cryptome.org.

@_date: 2015-12-10 09:37:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Satoshi Nakamoto introduces, discusses bitcoin Oct-Nov 2008 
Satoshi Nakamoto introduces, discusses bitcoin Oct-Nov 2008

@_date: 2015-12-10 11:08:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Feinstein and Burr Writing Bill To Kill Crypto 
References: Kill metadata and other crypto-issue-overdone diversions.
Metadata and other crypto-workarounds resulted from the
crypto wars of the 1990s which were bragged to be won
rather than faked out.
The fake-out was orchestrated by some of the very same
crypto warriors claiming to be against gov-controlled crypto.
A way to identify them is to note who rose to prominence and
wealth in crypto com-edu-org. Still at it, ratcheting up the need
for ever more crypto, acknowledging the workarounds but, but,
but: Let's Encrypt, HTTPS-HTS everywhere, secure drops,
freedom of the press and courage foundations, Snowden
talks and tweets, FISC amicus curiea, POTUS and TLA advisories,
industry lobbyists, dual hats riding the crypto gravy train and
more likely, the subway out of sight.
The money and prestige to be gained by working all sides of
the crypto phony war is, as Greenwald crows of Omidyar's $250M
bribe, irresistable.
Crypto has always been a cheating game. Public key crypto even
more so -- open source vetting: math marked cards.

@_date: 2015-12-21 00:06:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptome] TheCthulhu / CthulhuSec to Cryptome 
Just call it "TheCthulhu Archive," or something other than Cryptome, then good to go.
Make many archives, many are being made, many more needed. All start by
and are sustained by thieving, like Wayback's, Google's, WikiLeak's, Manning's, CIA's, NSA's, In-Q-Tel's, LoC's, Cryptome's.
Mirrors, torrents, copies, siphoning, are tampering, rip-offs, fake goods. A long
tradition of that banditry. Note the offerings of this list, most of the Internet, all
of education, religion, law, the media.
"Respected repository of information," oh my, what a false honor presaging
a spit in eye. A dual hat locution worthy of ever-duplicitous cryptology.
Claims of authenticity, anonymity, updates, are pickpocketing, shysterism,
verily spy trade, inevitable tampering, cheating, deceiving.

@_date: 2015-12-21 07:04:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Normalized Spying is a Exculpatory Cover-Up 
Assange's claim spying is normalized merely parrots spies' long-advanced
propaganda which in turn parrots normalized siphoning, stealing and monetizing
information legitimated by nations, corporations, entrepreneurs, inventors,
criminal orgs, leak sites, media, archives, scholars, religions, "info freedom
fighters." Cpunk Dan Geer has elaborated on this, but hardly alone, like many,
like Assange, it's his job and future.
Assange knows that leaking is theft, as Geer knows spying is, just like hacking,
encryption, privacy, anonymization, aggregation, among other lucrative
Spy agencies (and universities, especially law and business schools) have
long taught the skills and practices of thievery, glorified in doctrinaire
justifications and immensely malleable laws.
NSA is funding dozens of universities to train digital thieves and crooks,
just like The Farm and military academies train villains to do dirty, work with impunity (unless kidnapped and beheaded, tortured and
disappeared, shot down and AK'd at home).
Corporations and NGOs hire these civilian and ex-spy-mil professional
villains to do evil and propagate legitimizing propaganda, advocate weak
crypto, false anonymity, and ludicrous privacy, run leak sites and secure
drops to encourage ambitious, gullible, avaricious participants like Manning
and Snowden to siphon and ravage, following the ignoble example of
nations cum global cartels cum freedom of the press and religion which
establish mutually beneficial exclusive treaties to ravage the less
Assange is right to cite normalized spying and leaking as a cloak to
excuse much worse. In that he is as normalized as we indignant
villains blaming competitors for what we pretend to regret having to
do with such pleasure.

@_date: 2015-12-22 09:43:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Apple assures EU its crypto will be user-pleasing protection, 
Apple assures EU its crypto will be user-pleasing protection, with many LE bypasses.
Crypto world cheers essential duplicity. Many thanks to Edward Snowden.

@_date: 2015-12-23 11:00:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Museum Library has provided "Hagelin M-209 Cryptanalysis 
NSA Museum Library has provided "Hagelin M-209 Cryptanalysis from Ciphertext Alone,"
Reeds, Ritchie, Morris, 1978.
NSA would not release it under FOIA, claiming it was a private paper.
Back story:

@_date: 2015-02-01 09:14:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: www.nsa-observer.net 
References:  <88F21790-A209-4592-8FF5-A18F7605BADC
Forensics of paper docs, by, say, FBI, examined paper constituents
(ecology of trees, soil, tree-cutters, haulers, pulp mill, paper mill,
coating mill, shipping containers, distributors, sellers, buyers,
lenders), inks and their constituents, human and machine handling
and using and transmitting detritus, attempts to camouflage, divert
and hoax.
Forensics of digital docs do all this and much more from creation
to transceiving, forging, hoaxing, tracking, calling home, so forth.
Coupled with the Internet and commodiously ID'd digital processing
devices from manufacturers of programs and devices to the poor
user blocked from seeing the galore of peeping toms, diverted by
promises of privacy and comsec from, sad to say, promoted by
orgs receiving funds from the.manufacturers to play that very user
narcosis role, what can be done?
If a bio-hazard suit promises protection from ecological hazards,
what digital-hazard suit is available not contaminated with data
siphoning of the wearer like products tagged for sale to end of
world believers.
Crypto is trap- and back-doored and corrupt, so it is warned by
those offering an NSA career in the womb of Rosemary's Baby,
privacy is delusionary, so it is preached by those inviting into OTR
communities filled with Google-SM-informants and XXers, openness
worse  deception than official secrecy, so blind-justice visionaries
reveal and beckon to get off the grid and underground deep and
dark far away from the electromagnetic spectrum -- quanta-land,
teleportation nirvana, across rivernet of Styx Stux.
Remember when cpunk seers cautioned commodiously of sinister
authorities and their vilainous contractors, and encouraged heroically
to assassinate them anonymously? Remember the gradual hiring
of those seers to remain in place while aiding and abetting the
authorities as contractors to invent and promise comsec and privacy
and anonymity, generously trap- and back-doored and trojaned and
Call Homed tracing the arc of Snowden and gobs of others requiring
forenics to counter and counter-counter forensics of fora like
this, like Post-Snowden journalism enthralled with the adopting
of secure drop boxes, leak sites, secure comms, PK swaps
and signings, to camouflage long-standing lunches and briefings
with officials to agree on what can be slipped into public
perception of acceptable corruption to hide the unacceptable.
Adobe brags PDFs can simulate paper docs exactly. Indeed,
and much more forensically easy.

@_date: 2015-02-04 11:20:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: www.nsa-observer.net 
References: Darknet is hardly dark,  or no more than Tor anonymizes,
PKC protects, official secrecy keeps secrets. What they
are are seductive lures that siren sailors to blindly pursue
lustful comforts of heroic Greek mythology espoused by
temple maidens turned to stone by inhaling excess incense.
Still, the monuments of folly lure tourists to fatten pigeons
and bloat architects of incensed vengeance, aka spies and
warfighters who, with complicit elected officials, are the world's
shrewdest mythologists.

@_date: 2015-02-05 08:10:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Pixel Dust Is Futile 
References: Peter Gutmann's pixel dust protection of privacy works as
an update for faith in elaborately futile shenanigans to evade
and to nab evaders inherently implanted in fetuses then re-implanted
in corpses: dust to dust.
Logs are as deceptive and who, what and how they log.
Machine designers and sysadmins artfully possessive
documentaries inherently evasive and capturing.

@_date: 2015-02-07 14:07:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: What the dear NSA allegedly mean by "Mystic site"? 
References: <20150207175203.GA2468
Brief description of MYSTIC on page 8. Implants in wireless/mobile
systems, with subprograms by NCSC, DEA and CIA.
A DEA subprogram SANDKEY

@_date: 2015-02-07 20:42:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ODNI Counsel: Governments Want Accessible Crypto from Business 
ODNI counsel Robert Litt is "optimistic" cryptographers will devise secure encryption which provides government access, it's "what many governments want."
"One of the many ways in which Snowden's leaks have damaged our national security is by driving a wedge between government and providers and technology companies so that some companies that formerly recognized that protecting our nation was a valuable and important public service they could perform now feel compelled to stand in opposition."

@_date: 2015-02-14 09:15:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Business Wants Accessible Crypto from Business 
References:  <54DE6046.4040900
"Dave DeWalt, CEO of security firm Mandiant, a participant in Friday's summit, hopes that fear of privacy invasion won't get in the way of the work that needs to get done. He pointed to the way the way public backlash to government surveillance programs revealed by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden stymied previous efforts to effectively open the lines of communication.
"This balance between privacy and security ebbs and flows and unfortunately that was a huge setback -- a setback to the tune of several years," he said.
via cypherpunks

@_date: 2015-02-14 09:29:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Security/Privacy Tradeoff - Dave DeWalt of Mandiant 
References: Well, it has been a generation since this standard business practice
was challenged. And then went to covert cooperation to placate consumer
anger. Why would a new generation not do the same as their mentors?
Even here, among hackers, in universities, in corporations, in government,
hats change colors, as heads and wallets and guts fatten.
Hellman has said he regrets releasing PKC, succumbing to a young
man's and scholar's desire for publicity over bland government secrecy.
Now thinks national security is bigger than individual desire. This is
the arc of maturity, especially from those who did gain publicity early
on and now welcome invitations to serve as official advisors.
Our cpunk heros Whit Diffie and David Wagner are serving as reviewers
for NSA best cybersecurity paper. Others are invited to NSA and Congress
to provide counsel to policymakers. Others peddle crypto to governments
and corporations as if RSA, Google, Apple, Facebook, Twitter, the AV
hustlers are the required standard of duplicity demanded by investors.

@_date: 2015-02-16 12:34:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Encryption used to secure transports is used to hide data exfiltration 
"The very encryption used to secure transports is used to hide data

@_date: 2015-01-12 14:25:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: What is offtopic and what should be avoided on this list? 
References: <20150107120553.GC2512
Excellent reminder those who claim to know, don't. Or won't tell all they know, just enough
to build a reputation of responsibility. This applies to Snowden's team of "responsible"
releases of a tiny fraction of the full dump Snowden says he gave to the public, then was
hi-jacked in transit, most of it in private storage to enhance its value of restricted access.
Meanwhile, replacment spy tools are being developed in order that Snowden's gift can
be dimissed as nonsense -- a process well underway: NSA head now claims that the
Snowden material was not as damaging to natsec as first alleged. Could be psyop to
hide the damage, or indicates new means and methods are coming along just fine.

@_date: 2015-01-22 10:16:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Barrett Brown allocution statement in court today 
Barrett Brown allocution statement in court today just released

@_date: 2015-01-25 11:04:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Barrett Brown allocution statement in court today 
References:  <7D5382FD-C858-4240-9489-9F04F87D2084
5 years 3 months sentence. Time served of 2.5 years to be credited.
Possible parole in 1 year.
  Defiant statement after sentencing: "Mission now to report on FU prison
system after reporting on FU cyber system."

@_date: 2015-01-25 13:54:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Citizenfour Snowden Documentary 
References:  <7D5382FD-C858-4240-9489-9F04F87D2084
Citizenfour Snowden Documentary (7-Zipped MP4, 1.2GB)
Snowden releases tally:

@_date: 2015-01-29 09:30:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: How the CIA Made Google 
Fascinating research, with gobs of suspects besides TLAs, Brin and Page,
some here now, some here back then, as suspected then and now. Not
that there is anything wrong with suspecting cpunks was made similarly.

@_date: 2015-01-31 08:59:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: www.nsa-observer.net 
References: Swell initiatives by all the Snowden distributors. Except most
fall prey to PDF manipulation of tagging, implanting, tracking,
by willful intent or by technical ignorance.
It is virtually impossible to sanitize PDFs due to Adobe's inherent
design to meticulously spy on use of its products as well as
deluded user attempts to hide who, when, what, how by users
from creation to modification to wiping to stego to signing to
forging to stinging. Image or accessible-text or other PDF
formats, locked, redacted, watermarked, et al.
Well behind and below the metadata Adobe allows users and
abusers to see, lurks Adobe's advanced persistent meta-meta
to aim for NSA/Tor-multi-level obscurantism by which accessible
meta is used to hide inaccessible. Below dark is darker, ever
darkening as new tools are developed to pry farther into the
less visible and off-oscilloscopic spectrum. DoD issued today
a short directive on the Center for Countermeasures and
Counter-Countermeasures (including cyberweapons like PDFs).
Presume NSA, aided by Adobe, has tracked, will track, Snowden's
material in all its iterations from the time he snatched it to
the latest distributor, consumer and secret archiver in Oahu,
Maryland, Hong Kong, Berlin, Rio, NYC, DC, online and off.
PDFs (and DOCs) are more treacherous than log files, backdoors,
0-days, APTs, what have you due to their popularity. HTM and TXT
are much safer. Courier fonts are safer than other fonts, especially
those promoted by Adobe and others who use fonts to spy (all
rationalized as protection of IP -- ie, comparable to natsec).

@_date: 2015-01-31 10:14:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] How the CIA Made Google 
References: An early program of Highlands Group was perception management by
which public opinion would be shaped by disparagement of opposition
to ubiquitous gov-com spying with gambits like "tin-foil hat," "conspiracy
theory," and other forms of reputation attacks. Chorusing these terms
becomes habitual with repetition, even among those who are otherwise
open-minded to novel scientific and theological innovations so long as
the innovations are peer-reviewed or sanctioned by authorities, even
when the authorities are revealed to be self-serving and corrupt, perhaps
especially so. That is the crippling effects of standards setting in all
human endeavors, the favoritism toward standards setting obedient
members and ostacism of dissenters to the dominants.
Fortunately, the tin-hatters and conspiriacists overturn the sclerotic
hegemons if not burned at the stake, imprisoned, die of impoverishment,
driven to suicide. Mercy is never a characteristic of certitude and
maddened crowd-minds compelled to admire miters, crowns, helmets,
wigs of judmentalist soothsayers self-anointed deitific and scientific
absolutist perception managers -- also known as spymasters.

@_date: 2015-01-31 12:39:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: www.nsa-observer.net 
References: Depends on the converter, whether it keeps the Adobe spying
features witting or unwitting -- which it may be aware of or not.
And whether it has a deal with Adobe to retain disguised.
Adode hidden code is quite devious -- for example it may remain
hidden to use the converted version as a host germ carrier to
propagate itself, following the bio model in our guts to use
feces as fertilizer.
Be careful about using free products, such as Adobe Reader
and free converters of formats of all kinds. They often contain
germs similar to the way NSA and other spies implant germs
in innocuous programs and platforms -- "free" is as devious as
"open" to those who exploit public trust in freedom and openness.
Journalism a prime exploiter under the brand of freedom of the
press to exploit with constitutional protection.
Gmail is one of the most notorious germ transmitters. Tor not quite
as evil, but less because newer than the Internet itself, the Internet
Archive, Wikipedia, social media, PGP, and many more which may
have had noble origins but have been adopted (and bought) by
converters of good to evil -- most readily by government contracts,
vulture capitalism, desparately broke and in debt, entrapment and
coercion by law enforement -- or all of them.
This list is beyond good and evil, thus spoke Zarathrusta, aka
TCM, JG, EH. Though those gods are dead.
 > On Jan 31, 2015, at 8:59 AM, John Young  >
 > Swell initiatives by all the Snowden distributors. Except most
 > fall prey to PDF manipulation of tagging, implanting, tracking,
 > by willful intent or by technical ignorance.
 >
 > It is virtually impossible to sanitize PDFs due to Adobe's inherent
 > design to meticulously spy on use of its products as well as
 > deluded user attempts to hide who, when, what, how by users
 > from creation to modification to wiping to stego to signing to
 > forging to stinging. Image or accessible-text or other PDF
 > formats, locked, redacted, watermarked, et al.
 >
Pardon my ignorance about this, and I will do my own research, but do these hidden formattings/stego/call-home functions disappear, get mutilated, become broken when 'converting' such PDF documents to other document types via use of many 'conversion' tools (Calibre comes to mind instantly) or are these embedded organisms a persistent across any automated conversion routine?

@_date: 2015-01-31 19:58:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: www.nsa-observer.net 
References:  <88F21790-A209-4592-8FF5-A18F7605BADC
A sample 1-page PDF by Adobe with over 500 metadata
visible under "Properties" "Additional Metadata" "Advanced"
Acrobat needed to see the Additional Metadata, Reader does not show.
Curious 464 metadata under "xmpMM:History (bag container)".
And many more hidden but perusable with text scrutiny of the PDF.

@_date: 2015-07-01 17:47:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Intercept Releases ~1,264 pages of NSA Docs 
Mostly Xkeyscore and more.
 (643MB)
List of files:

@_date: 2015-07-01 20:00:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Intercept Releases ~1,264 pages of NSA Docs 
References:  <1435791099.1299973.313067361.06F57DFB
 <20150701230531.GH7143
The Intercept doesn't sign Snowden files, just posts them on DocumentCloud.
Best would be for Snowden to sign them if to be signed, journalists do not
have capability to do it, and most could care less except to blow smoke
about certification. Their lawyers advise to not certify anything leaked to
them, too risky.
Same procedure by all the journalist-publisher users of DocumentCloud; it
is restricted to journalists-publishers, whom it is well known are quite slack
about comsec, infosec and their customers's privacy in order maximize
profitability of user data for advertizers.
DocumentCloud, now hosting over 700,000 documents of millilons of
pages, is rather easily penetrated and tampered with, but that's to be
expected of anything hosted on the cloud which has the world's worst
security. Worser: logs of accesses are kept and shared to authorities.
Cloud may be the most grievously harmer of privacy today, soon to be
surpassed by the IoT to exploit user's gullibility with promises of oh so
popular faulty security measures and irresponsibly shady privacy policies.

@_date: 2015-07-01 20:26:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Intercept Releases ~1,264 pages of NSA Docs 
References:  <1435791099.1299973.313067361.06F57DFB
 <20150701230531.GH7143
BTW, The Intercept documents can be downloaded from DocumentCloud:
The recent large batch is listed from June 29 to July 1, 2015.
Click on number of pages which brings up thumbnails, then click the
first page thumbnail to bring up viewing pages, then on the right column
right click to download the original document.
Documents of any other journalist outlet can be found "Group."

@_date: 2015-07-04 10:44:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bitcoin Book Review 
The most poignant moment in the book comes when Popper contrasts a conference for the more ideologically minded Bitcoiners at a racetrack on the outskirts of Austin, where Ulbricht grew up, with the gathering of the rich and powerful at the South by Southwest festival, where Ulbrichts mother is politely dismissed as she pleads for funds to help defray her sons legal costs. It was an unhappy reminder of a side of Bitcoin that its new adherents wanted to put behind them, Popper writes. And as he notes, If this was the new world, it didnt seem all that different from the old one  at least not yet.
Nor can Digital Gold be a tale with a satisfying ending, because the future of Bitcoin is unknowable right now. As the venture capitalist Barry Silbert says at a Goldman Sachs conference, Bitcoin is either going to change everything, or nothing. But if Bitcoin doesnt change everything, people will keep trying to find something that will, and so Poppers book stands as necessary reading, and very intriguing at that, regardless of the eventual fate of his subject.

@_date: 2015-07-08 08:33:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptome] Re: FOIPA adventures 
References: Quite nice compilation of sources configured to evade
FOIA. Ever finer feigning requires ever finer seining.
Paraphrasing Charles Murray, "US's ever more manipulable
legal system and ever increasing government regulations are
essentally lawless. When governments transgress citizens'
rights, revolution is not treason but the people's duty."

@_date: 2015-07-09 11:32:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WABC radio Seeks NYSE Outage Leads 
Aaron Klein, WABC radio, NYC, seeks tips, leads on NYSE and
other outages
 >

@_date: 2015-07-11 16:41:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: progression of technologies 
References:  <20150710155812.D78CF2281ED
This is productive discussion for addressing what's happening
now and coming up in the race between law and technology,
cartoonishly in the press as between whales and germs,
more realisticly, the two swapping places, running different races,
taking short-cuts, indicting, pleading, inforning, lying, bribing,
cheating, rigging races, hiring assassins and stand-ins, dual
hats, wild cards, lone wolves, entrapment, duplicity, megadeath
threats, hacks, injections, implantations, porous treaties,
incessant violations, and above all evergrowing heaping
piles of dung of the devil.
Concentration of wealth by lawful cheating is comparable
to explosively squeezing the pit to see if the atmosphere

@_date: 2015-07-12 16:51:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: progression of technologies 
om>
References:  <506884227.816875.1436727195214.JavaMail.yahoo
Jim aptly notes the cheating use of technology and law, practiced
by lawyers and technologists, prosecution and defense, hardly
limited to millions of secretkeepers, litigous-technologicus ubquitious,
so to paraphrase Dr. Geer, we are all corner cutting opportunists,
highly trained and credentialed dual hatted techno-legalistic tricksters
now. Once IANAL prevailed, now IAATLT.

@_date: 2015-07-14 13:35:25
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: an ominous comment 
References: <20150714155203.826F52282E2
 <55A540A7.6080808
Cloud and browser together constitute the most invasive programs
since religion was invented and rewarded to absolve overrreaching
and abusive authority.
Both cloud and browser are deliberately designed to mislead users
about their threats to privacy and security. Iterations, adjustments,
corrections of errors, automatic upgrades, official endorsements,
repeatedly easy hacks, futile hearings of maladies long known and
ignored, concentration of computer power, reduction of alternatives,
foretell disaster as if natural, expected, bearable, and better than
DIY, desktop, solo solutions, mavericks, and worst of all, openness.
Cloud and browser are like imperial dogma, what's good for the
empire operators is good for the people. Although cloud and
browser to  succeed must have access to all the people's private
data to assure they remain peaceable.
Sysadmins are the Cromwells, the Hacking Teams, the
Kasperskys, violating law with impunity.

@_date: 2015-07-17 11:28:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: an ominous comment 
References: <20150714155203.826F52282E2
 <1436911883.2378653.323829961.5C2CB795
 <55A7E9B4.6030307
 <55A90FEB.4080204
Exactly why judges masturbate with a noisy device, snooze, bark
errant orders, abuse assistants, bailiffs, attorneys, juries, aggravate
higher and lower judges, get shot, shoot back, get laid and STD
in chambers.
Courtroom tedium (aka justice), procedural churning, empty bombast,
strutting, feigning, farting, fingering anus itch, jury boredom, hollow pretense of
respect for the law -- from this comes little new, and a lot of wasted time,
so obese, privileged, endlessly disputatious precedent is valued over
disruptive lean novelty and Roy Bean quick resolution, wherein fear of mortality
and hard labor are suspended self-sentences, and issuing death penalties
against childhood bullies absconding with therapy dolls is the dream of
payback jurists in black cross dresses.

@_date: 2015-07-25 09:11:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Poitras joins Roark in pro se solidarity 
References: USG may use Poitras suit to try Snowden absentia as well as to suppress withholders of his slow dripping public dump.

@_date: 2015-07-26 18:38:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Varoufakis claims had approval to plan parallel banking system 
Varoufakis claims had approval to plan parallel banking system for Greece
Allegedly aided by Columbia University IT professor  to design a hack of existing taxation systems.
Columbia Computer Science Faculty

@_date: 2015-07-30 10:52:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: William Friedman's 1955 Crypto AG visit reports draft and 
William Friedman's 1955 draft Crypto AG visit report shows text
redacted in final version and vice versa. Two versions compared:
 (20MB)

@_date: 2015-06-06 15:55:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Re:_=E2=80=8B_Re:_Threat_Model:_Parents?= 
References:  <20150602165215.GA2900
 <556E6523.8040100
 <20150606144227.GA2495
 <55734861.33558c0a.60ec.4f5c
 <20150606192554.GA21346
Juan Cole's Law, alongside salad of Godwin's Nazi orange j'accuse.

@_date: 2015-06-11 10:08:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Helmholtz Tubes, CRT Signals (Was: Sigint Dumps) 
References: We're tweeting these posts. Blowback: is any evidence available to
support the narrative? Sample of the data, say, for close examination,
with credible provenance, not the GG secret pact bloviation.
Mild critique: is this sci-fi or legit or both, advancing the literary-video
prize winning breaking news big screen Hollywood Neal Stephenson
spirit of the Snowden "NSA disclosures."

@_date: 2015-06-13 13:37:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Reporter-USG Exchanges on Snowden Docs 
Italian reporter Stefania Maurizi has published her exchanges with NSA,
DoJ and State about publishing Snowden documents (an exemplary
model for others to follow):
She also said she has published all the Snowden documents she
had access to (another exemplar for those still withholding 93%
of the Snowden full dump for the public, or 99.98% of the 1.7M
USG claims was taken).

@_date: 2015-06-13 13:54:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Helmholtz Tubes, CRT Signals (Was: Sigint Dumps) 
References:  <535888a1de1bb28cdfd2ff2446166a65
 <20150610143748.GK27932
 <20150612154813.GT27932
Excuse delay, thought this went to the cpunks list.

@_date: 2015-06-13 16:19:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DataMines beget DataPirates and Future Orwellian Abuse 
References: No way yet to tell what really happened in these "massive breaches."
Accounts vary from initial reports, to later reports, to investigations,
to hearings, interlaced with remediations of various alleged iterations,
leading in most cases to claim the full story cannot be revealed due
to possible harm by disclosure. And best, the favorite runaround:
the usual suspects are named without evidence, indeed, assessments
are shaded with the customary claims by the usual experts consulted,
"it is  hard to tell who did it" and not only that evasion but the best and
brightest security wizards (there are six of them named, 2 for, 2 against
2 undecided) who disagree on not only who did but what to do about
breaches, whether they are breaches or malfunctions or publicity stunts
or fund-raisers, hair-raisers, fear-raisers, TED talks, rigged hearings
testimony (hearing testifiers are 2 for, 2 against, 2 undecided).
Reportedly, cybersec market to increase to $130B by 2020 if not sooner.
This increasingly generates more breaches, more massive, more ritual
for, against, undecided.
This cascading chaos was invented by six cypherpunks, each of
them for, against, undecided. Then as now, certain, uncertain,
confused about everything and nothing and whatever. No wonder
the media follows that leadership, copies its methodology, denies
feeding the trolls.

@_date: 2015-06-13 16:50:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: More murder by LEA 
References: This story is not accurate either. Officers did not simply approach
Rahim to question, they approached to say hello, one was a friend
of Rahim. He did not pull a machete, he pulled out his wallet to
show baby photos. Rahim was not shot, he was congratulated
on the baby boy. As the cop friend hugged him officers in a
passing patrol car thought a struggle was underway, braked,
lept out with guns drawn, yelled "freeze." Everybody froze, except
for passerby video artist who began taping the scene. Seeing the
video taping the cops and Rahim elected to play along, escalated
the drama, faking punches, pulling imaginary knives and AK-47s,
screaming threats. Then everybody broke up laughing, the video
artist hollering thanks for that. Then the tape was uploaded to
Fox News to become ISIS orgy pron.
Rahim was undercover the Boston gay Muslim scene and still is.
Don't ask don't tell.
tripped on a broken sidewalk. The other cop (there were only two
coming from the free donuts.
thought he had been shot.

@_date: 2015-06-16 07:13:16
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Russia and China crack Snowden Cache 
References: <557DBCA1.3030404
 <20150615181023.5FAFC2282C4
 <557FA418.9040503
WikiLeaks WikiTweets only .05% of Snowden documents have been
declassified for release by the spy-micking hoarders, out of nearly 1M.
Cryptome tallies 7% of Guardian's magically variable 58,000 or .02%
of DoD's defense industry mass overkill 1.7M.
This affirms the Snowden-idolizing MSM are hardly better journalism
than Sunday Times at customary citizen-subject-consumer
hoodwinking relying on rhetorical exaggeration with minimal
substantiation, that is, following the model of royalty, official spies
and commercial public relations (bestow on Apple's CEO for
lying about iSpookery), why even, pardon the ad disruption,
cryptosecurity everywhere floggers, nay, nay, hordes of educators
indenturing wage slaves, religious hustlers token-sucking the poorest
tax-avoiding the richest, and not worth slathering horse-dookie on
Lady Gaga Godiva, bloated governments wielding the armaments
of utter obedience for most none for a few.
Which, clang cymbol, why demand only NSA stop it, stop
stomping invented civlib, why not demand all the world's spies
close shop, defuse the PALs of the WMD terrorists. Spies beget
world's worst spies, govs beget world's worst govs, biz begets
world's worst biz, secperts beget, so on, to wit, shit methane.
Tis a damn lie, verily a rigged stat, a TED yip, that some official
secrecy is okay (Schneier, most secperts) just not too much, that is,
my secrecy, my NSA protection racket sold to world spies and
clueless public as costly and methaney, is perfume, yours is
RU and CN bowel gas -- as mirrored by RU and CN.

@_date: 2015-06-17 12:21:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Russia and China crack Snowden Cache 
References: <557DBCA1.3030404
 <20150615181023.5FAFC2282C4
 <557FA418.9040503
 <558034A3.5090601
 <55816DE3.3010405
 <55819835.40205
Russia has about 8,000 nuclear weapons, the US about 7,300, the rest of
the world about 1,000. Ukraine likely the next fucking Snowden era Hiroshima
if the warlords in both superpowers have their way with arms after the spies
stir up patriotic violence and slink away to drinks and dinner to inviolate
spy nests in embassies where Patriots like Snowden worked for many
years to stir up suspicion and violence, then on to NSA for executing
the CIA hotspot-stirring op, aka civil liberties (secular religion), the
favorite excuse to whip up public dissent and futile debate.
The main way the Lords of War have their way is to heighten national security
pathology through overt and covert intervention of spies, agents, fronts,
academics, bloggers, speakers, journalists, publishers, social media, mail lists,
bars, bedrooms, backrooms, staterooms, drone cubicles, Third Worlds, Fourth
Estates and Fifth Dimensions.
Urging war to protect sacred cows is cloaked as protecting one's own version
of civilization but is actually protecting one's own militarization -- the oldest
fucking religion of professional fucking.
Spies, patriots and leakers are pimps for this rampant and ancient STD,
the infected bastards emitted to contaminate and ravage the planet.

@_date: 2015-06-18 09:42:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Privacy advocates resign over facial recognition plans 
References: "The Dark Net: Inside the Digital Underworld," Jamie Bartlett, examines the
options for escaping observation -- for a while. Cypherpunks is featured for
promoting privacy with technology; crypto, anonymizers, digital currency,
unauthorized disclosures and more.
And how escaping observation very often involves criminal activity, although
as Tim May and others claimed, that is the price paid for cloaking from
prying eyes. That Tor cloaks 415-1230% of child porn sites, 550-7000% of
drug sales, and the like, is allegedly seen by the rebellious undergrounders
as "so what, personal freedom is not free."
So the richest have the greatest personal freedom, "so what," declared
Judge Loretta Preska sentencing shackled hackers for violating the private
enclaves of her kind's lawfully-bending relatives and unjudicials.
Security of any kind is always bleak, not just due to NSA, its the Devil,
why else would religion exist except to forecast the worst imaginable
and preach slim chances of avoiding prying eyes of homicidal deity.
Crypto bent-back prayer leads the day in fashionable cloaks against
inevitable deitific spying -- mostly done by the same devils who espouse
cryptosystems which inevitably fail like perpetual motion machinic faiths
of all kinds.
To the rescue upgrades offer a tad more dreadless illusion while
injecting sand and rust into the sanctuaries, desktops, laptops,
handhelds, clouds, national security, 4-rotored ski lifts to heaven.
Hey, wake up, faithless cypherpunks will not be fooled, remember
this when cold dead hands clamber into windows of Ecuadorian
embassies, run skirted circles at Fort Leavenworth, dream of
languid days key-signig in Hawaii from scrotum-iced pole
dancing in Moscow, incise 365x24 days x 10 years to go
on large sceen cell walls.
Remember too where the grandfathers of cpunks loll, picking
fleas from their cats, rueing STDs on their bitches, grooming
authors of Deep and Dark Web tomes of horrific beasts
lurking inside electronic frontiers of children's Kindles.

@_date: 2015-06-21 06:40:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Be alert - signs of Russian invasion may be strong 
References: Official secretkeepers of NATO, Russia and their fearsome enemies
know these kinds of stories are meant to reduce fear and defense
expenditures so should be applauded as tricks of the anti-war
industry which must be resisted with fearless slaughter of many
terrified civilians and a tiny few luckless warfighters who drive
drunk to the PTSD club and overshoot (over-drone) a construction
barrier of the crumbling National Defense Highway system to sink into
a toxic lake of endless war waste surrounding every military base
on the planet and rapidly growing throughout the universe with
application of war technology to invasion of the heavens for
peaceful, merely scientific, although top secret, purposes,
that is to erect intergalactic shields of protection of hapless
creatures being drained of their vital fluids for nourishing the
Great Gods of National and Environmental Security, now
blessed by Pope Francis for the benefit of Great Architecture
afficionados from St Peter to Pentagon to whereever Strangeloves
squat before vast Sony plasmas of roach-squashing, fail/safe
buttons neutered, flesh life as known and loathed by cryogenic
demigodly automatons aimed for extinction.

@_date: 2015-06-25 06:41:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: progression of technologies (surely a religion) 
References: <20150625032613.48665228148
 <558B9A1E.9050806
True, the devil is everywhere, unavoidable, only religion can
save you sinners whose souls must be spied by conscience,
confession to god's agents for forgivenss and guidance the
only protection. Give generously to the building fund.
Spies have forever preached this panopticism of the kindly
and wise overseer, along with authoritarians of endless
diversity and venality. How they fear the collapse of their
temples, their insiders becoming apostates, their servants
throwing off yoke of authority, rising up to lop howling heads
apraying for forgiveness, the untutored no longer willing to
accept the autocracy of the learned.
Then learned preachers call in their wholly supportive and believing
cops of coercion where might overrules reason and kindliness,
then the prayerful affirm the righteousness of law and order,
the need for ubiquitous spying, then judges, legislators, lawyers
and educators are blessed with allegedly supreme wisdom
and rewarded with mighty fine perquisites and stay out of jail
no matter how corrupt and devilish, albe the perks are limited
to the religion of male supremacy, disguised in all genders,
armed to the max against their demon-righteously angry subjects.
Senator Diane Feinstein dislikes the word "survellance"
as spies dislike the word "spies." They all share a faith
in complicitously necessary oversight of everyone-is-an-
agent-of-the-devil-in-disguise except themselves -- for
themselves only top secrecy faith in national security
armed with megadeath retribution to shield the shrewdly
aggrandizing learned in their temples of rationality for
thinking deeply and kindly of how next to fuck the public.
As their god wills and panoptically spies full spectrum
emanations (once known as vapors of sin).

@_date: 2015-06-28 06:51:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Elsevier tries to Swartz Sci-Hub 
References: Peculiar that there are not thousands of mirrors of offerings by
Libgen, Sci-hub and the like, as well as new inititatives by the thousands.
These collections are a lot more valuable than puny, by comparison,
offerings by WikiLeaks and Snowden's media  apparatus -- heavily
publicized, politicized, monetized, glorified but minimally technically
and scientifically useful due to sparse and drippy releases.
For example, 3,415 volumes liberated by Aaron Swartz remain on torrent
(some of which we have mirrored with only a half-dozen DMCA notices):

@_date: 2015-03-01 07:36:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Governments Covertly Fund Internet Freedom Activists 
References: <54F09958.1080901
 <54F260E0.1070808
Well said. Very few citizens receiving government funds, benefits,
perks, favors, bribes, contracts, tax write-offs, and even fewer NGO
beneficiaries are bothered by laws. procedures, pacts, secrecy,
venality, venerable greasing of palms. This is what governments
and NGOs were invented for and remain the premier source of
livelihood one way or the other, especially for those who pretend
opposition while royally partying with opponents. Royally, not
6- and 7-figure dollar compensation of officers of NGO, edu, com,
gov, religion, media ad nauseum, confirm the arrangement to promise
public service as a lure to vampire the lucre of believers who think they
will be able to become brazen vampires too. And it works, shrewd
recruits and donors like Soros, Omidyar, WikiLeaks, Snowden and
millions of followers flood into civil liberties, cybersec, anonymizing,
FOI, spying, think tanks, ACLU, EFF, EPIC, Privacy International,
Investigative Journalists, ProPublica, The Intercept, on and on ad
nauseum from Day One to 0-Day.
Favorite rejoiner to accusations of perfidy is to accuse of conspiracy
of various stripes, never ever confessing that the greatest conspiracies
are promulgated by governments and their well-trained domesticates:
Spies, agents, sources, cohorts, informants, educators, preachers,
contractors, opinionators, operators, heroes, medalists, oh hell, us
SOB maestroes of the Duh Conspiracy.

@_date: 2015-03-01 16:22:11
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Internet privacy, funded by spooks: A brief history of the BBG 
ine.com>
References: <54F09958.1080901 <54F260E0.1070808
 <54f2bd7b.041e8c0a.022a.14e9
 <1425242486.3965141.233988601.2C8B167A
Internet privacy, funded by spooks: A brief history of the BBG, March 1, 2015
Open Technology Foundation featured, along with Tor, Appelbaum, Doctorow, Kobeissi, Soghoian, et al

@_date: 2015-03-06 11:06:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cryptome Deborah Natsios Exhibit in LA 
References:  <54F8B287.5090901
 <54F8C1F5.2040200
Deborah Natsios, Cryptome, upcoming exhibit Dem Passwords Gallery, LA
We'll be there. Chopper in, drop by. Dare to key sign.

@_date: 2015-03-07 10:23:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Vulns 
No 1 vulnerability of crypto is the user
2nd passphrases
3rd overconfidence
4th trust in the producer
5th believing backdoors are No. 1

@_date: 2015-03-10 07:38:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Apple DPA Cryptanalysis 
The Intercept has released files on Apple, DPA and other
 (12pp, 1.9MB)

@_date: 2015-03-10 13:08:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA black budget cryptanalysis 
References: <7.1.0.9.1.20150310073633.01c016e8
The Intercept file on NSA black budget cryptanalysis
Included in the Zip file previously posted.

@_date: 2015-05-06 06:46:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell vindicated 
References:  <4E6C7C15-22B1-4B5B-9F87-5DF2678C04F4
 <554940e0.4aef8c0a.49a3.1e88
 <2170660.XXGr9GCpTf
Anselm or another really smart Arab philosopher argued that
God is the only atheist and can be the only one. Well, these
thinkers invented the concept of zero, which subsumes, whatever,
that fancy word means, fits the notion of singular atheist.
Along came Sartre and a gang of existentialist bozos who
got aroused by the notion of nothingness. So happens most
of them were atheists except in foxholes, then Mommy was
what they cried.
There you have it, God is a single Mom, pissed at having no
deadbeat shitheads to whang with a skillet for inseminating
little whiney turds inside Her Vatican, most sporting red skullcaps
like penile protubers, pretending celibacy, that is, Grateful Deadhead
Daddies ravaging the mommies of spoiled crybaby atheists who
want to be their own daddies shacked up inside the panties of
Big Bad Mom.
Sartre, a mommy's boy pure existencely, called this the desire
to be god, this spoiled brat atheism, this less than zero wankism,
this lust to be St Peter, sorry for the penility, this Me, Me, Me,
sucking on Mommy's mammary, yearning to assassinate
Daddies for taking all mom's milk themselves.
Jim Bell, get off that tit.

@_date: 2015-05-06 09:06:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Jim Bell vindicated 
References:  <4E6C7C15-22B1-4B5B-9F87-5DF2678C04F4
 <554940e0.4aef8c0a.49a3.1e88
 <2170660.XXGr9GCpTf
Al-right, Robert, the white thinking guy's burden. Al-beit Al-coholic.

@_date: 2015-05-07 09:16:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: we are fucked [was: Jim Bell vindicated] 
References:  <3828630.GhPtQj6AOs
 <20F24EA9-A5F4-43F4-B230-A5162012EC85
 <554a6e44.4937370a.68be.ffffa52c
 <20150506204905.0042CC00019
 <554b273f.d4e78c0a.6f22.4ba1
 <20150507095329.EEB29C00013
US armed forces (like other nations) have copious religions represented
in uniform to bless crusades, vendettas, suppressions, mass murders,
technical savagery, genocide by strategic bombing of civilians (Saudi
Arabia relishing that in Yemen), exculpation of policy setters and enforcers
and salve those who die, are savaged and family-death-benefited serving
nations of holiers than thou. The current US giant pie of all-religions
demon-fighters memoralized on patriotic headstones and dog-tags:
If your cybersecurity faith is not listed, engage a faith-based lobbyist
like EFF, ACLU, The Intercept, WikiLeaks.
Not hard to believe all wars are narrow-minded religious wars, the
more pea-brained, vicious and deadly the greater the faith in terrifying
people into submission or by Your God or Godless teaching the
resisters and atheists to RTFM and believe it.
Manual burners, body immolators, head loppers, come on, those
are the long-time recruiters.
Nice thing about the AP manual is how ancient and modern it is,
in law banking weapons strategy temples games. Not hard to
believe the Internet is an EM, electricity wasting manual for AP
adherents, following Gutenberg's WMD of pulp and carbon.

@_date: 2015-05-07 10:50:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Appeals Court Rules NSA Phone Program Not Authorized by 
References: <21C0A3ED-6BE1-4102-AE13-954FFF3CC991
The decision and three opinions
Judges Lynch and Broderick:
Judge Sack:
Sack opines it's not about Snowden.

@_date: 2015-05-07 10:53:48
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Appeals Court Rules NSA Phone Program Not Authorized by 
The decision and three opinions
Judge Sack:
Judges Lynch and Broderick:
Sack opines it's not about Snowden.

@_date: 2015-05-17 13:37:49
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: noscript is 10 years! 
References:  <20150516140555.A11B2228195
 <20150517165620.GD27932
NYT today has book review on gradual replacement of humans
by robots, a beloved investment of those at the top, so John Deere
is out to replace farmers not make them more productive. Same
for robotics in general; their inventors, coders, engineers, will
themselves be replaced by robots which can outperform their
vulnerable, increasingly marginalized parents.
We have seen how digital spying is fast replacing humans who
are hired to algo, build and unleash the robots, guide them for a
while until they learn to be self-guided and self-improved across
the flesh-and-blood spectrum, bottom to top, yes, even the top
are robotically destined to be invaded by algorithms way smarter
than their makers. Yes, robotic subversion has happened to banks,
governments, investors, spy agencies, their contractors and
Maybe not yet time for humans to eat their kids, their homegrown
garden and feed lot, but that's the model beloved by those
at the top, yes, that is what they are doing, eating their seed
corn. Go for it, John Deere, eat your sales and repair crew.
Oh well, the richest got richer last year, the prisons got
fuller, buildings got taller and deadlier, drones are becoming
favorites of agri-farmers, kid predators, and revenge porners.
Want a roasted PhD for dinner, call Amazon. Not you, Dr. Geer,
not yet the Ubers buzzing overhead with pension-killing

@_date: 2015-05-25 07:29:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Karl Rove's confusion about capacity of NSA's Utah data center. 
References: <1964290826.705304.1432500553287.JavaMail.yahoo
Disks or any electro-mechanical device, may not be the only, or
principle, means of storage. So capacity may not be the measure
of capability.
The need for speed of access to and processing of data requires
the data to be in active memory all the time. Arrayed, large CPU-like
"chips" or solid state (best is unsolid state) processors make data
constantly usable, always up to date, no lag time, no wear and tear.
Physical disks use too much energy and require too much architecture
to rack, interconnect, house, energize, maintain, repair, replace, update.
And are way too slow and clunky.
However, this doesn't mean Utah Data Center is not useful as a
Potemkin deception. Or that much of it is Potemkin deception.
Why else make it so observable during funding, design, construction
and afterwards a juicy easily photographed, concentrated target of
sneaky weaponry of hardware, software, sneakerware, hey come
attack us ware.
Somewhere, in Utah, or the planet, there are data handlers about
which little is publicly known except as miniaturized examples on
personal playthings. Meanwhile we are fed out of date fantasies of
capability based on xxx-bytes of increasingly absurd prefixes which
are like innumerable angels on pinheads.
One way to spot what's what is to look at the generators of facilities.
And their fuel tanks. Fully active data require a lot of uninterruptable
juice. We traced the power lines for UDC and found they lead far
astray, also Potemkin. Could be the generators and fuel tanks are
This is not to suggest Snowden pushing crypto and dribbling docs
are Potemkin. Could be, though, so slow and clunky, so observable,
and publishable for those willing to suspend disbelief.

@_date: 2015-05-31 13:58:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Threat Model: Parents 
References: Now you're talking vulture capital capabilities, if you can answer these questions
millions of dollars and users await your products, thanks to Edward Snowden.
Consider asking the coach, pastor, BFF, mentor, online advisor (no offense
Gadit but you fit the predator profile) to take you home to use his/hers/trans
computer which will have the  latest cloaking tools, including those which
block, divert, trash, evade, deep six, anon-legionize, the most devilish meddlers
promoting villainous affairs to advance their villainous careers, aka kiddie porn
watchdogs tutored by natsec spooks. Prepare to be stripped naked in the sauna,
like Jake Appelbaum, like beloved overseers of all stripes, phones into the
lead-lined chest, to guard against you being a babe to entrap the beloved
wizened overseer (sorry Bart, no offense but you fit Jake's profile).
Cpunk archivist popped up when this topic tripped its sensor to say hear ye,
this is the 4,096th time the helpless kid bait has been set here. Undercover
careers begin with tapping into online fora to test homebrewed mousetraps,
the most common being a kid with troubled parents, next most Tempest signals
being emanated by latest, most compulsive child bewitched by the awesome
freedom of personal devices, next ex-spies with unbelievable stuff to shatter
the empire of those who know shit shoveling into into those whose diet is
limited to shinola.
If you advise the kid to stay away from personal devices connected to the
rest of the world, that will get you a visit from connection authorities accusing
you of treason. Show your credentials by yelling accessible encryption.

@_date: 2015-11-01 15:38:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The United States of Air (novel) free ebook 
References:  <20151101142117.GC1760
 <20151101194527.GD1702
The Covert Comic, long online (covertcomic.com), suggests
the need for an IC Comic, if for no other reason than to ridicule
those who claim urgent need to castigate the IC, a noble
consortium of 13 or more agencies of a classified number
of dedicated secretkeepers working tirelessly to protect
citizens of the United States of America from knowing what
the IC and its ever growing number of overseers, contractors,
universities, consultants, free-lancers and carefully coddled,
groomed and briefed media reps like those exploiting Edward
Snowden and the increasing gaggle of forever gagged
whistleblowers and ex-spies, actually do, not just the
glamorized spillage.
Spying is funny, peculiar, odd, insane, vain, treacherous, vicious,
all too human comedic.

@_date: 2015-11-03 13:20:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: UK To Ban Crypto In Devices, Email And More 
References: Excellent development if the bill is enacted. Should shatter the complacency
of crypto advocates and foster other means and methods now getting
short shrift due to the faith in crypto hyping and marketing -- and tons of
excuses why crypto has not been as effective as foreordained, blame
users, blame implementation, blame standards committees, blame spies,
blame legislators, blame certificate authorities, blame hardware, blame
insiders and outsiders, blame amateurs, blame backdoors, blame
venal marketers who sold out to authorities, blame duat hatters working
both sides of the porous divide, blame open and closed source, the
pile of excuses grows exponentially as money is heaped onto the
fire for burning through faster and faster. NSA has at least 191 colleges
on the take for information assurance studies, with more joining daily
to get while the getting is good, sending graduates to corporations,
institutes, NGOs, hack world, leak world, defy authority world as
evidenced here in this sacred site of tipped gravestones to cipher

@_date: 2015-11-08 05:51:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: [FORGED] Re: [FORGED] Re: UK To Ban Crypto In 
Analogy of learning to drive to learning crypto is pretty good privacy.
Extend that from needing a key, fob or fingerprint to start a vehicle
to needing a computer and a device, token, card, fingerprint, to
encrypt. Plug it in, encrypt begins, nothing else needed except
driver license, intelligence, vision, hearing, gasoline or battery,
safe roads, directional signs, fuel stations, cops, insurance,
anti-theft devices, annual inspection, license renewal, or when
disabled, poor or broke, terrified of mass killing excessive
vehicles, alternate means of encryption, like buses, trains,
aircraft, ships, taxis, limos, choppers, subways, balloons,
horses, feet and sidewalks while packing a gun, knife or
pepper spray for defense against predators, rapists, thieves,
rubber hoses, hackers, crackers, dopeheads.
But maybe a profession of encryption officers to encrypt for
the user, like lawyers, doctors, engineers and notaries, state
licensed for protection of customers, self-regulated because
nobody would know crypto like the pros, with a crypto system
like the justice and prison systems to assure accountability and
punishment for infraction. Would require outlawing crypto use
by anyone except a pro and official secretkeepers but, cereal
box DIY would be available. PKC would be banned as a state,
church and family offense, like kiddie porn and WMD.
Cryptographers would be venerated as high holies, sack clothed,
wild haired, slit-eyed, filthy, babbling, narcissitic jerks, abusively
sado-masochistic, panhandling, duplicitous, feared, contemptuous
of ordinary humans, ostracized, distrusted. Woe peddling obsessives.
Hmm, that last is the current faith in encryption religion. Could be
left as it is, isolated, ignored, ridiculed, tatooed with a Red C
on forehead.

@_date: 2015-11-12 11:35:17
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Appeals Court Stayed: Re: Judge enjoins NSA to not collect 
References: <1427148794.3645837.1447295953431.JavaMail.yahoo.ref
 <1427148794.3645837.1447295953431.JavaMail.yahoo
 <2095537388.3663191.1447296791731.JavaMail.yahoo
 <5644BC78.1090102
An appeals court stayed the judge's order on 10 November 2015.
DoJ filed 241 pages to win the stay:
 (8.1MB)

@_date: 2015-11-12 14:31:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Appeals Court Stayed: Re: Judge enjoins NSA to not collect 
References:  <1111039685.4260304.1447354072975.JavaMail.yahoo
Judge Leon's opinion was published on November 9 and the Appeals stay
the next day.
 From the Appeals stay:
"ORDERED that the district court's order issued November 9, 2015, be stayed
pending further order of the court."

@_date: 2015-11-17 11:06:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Paris Attacks Blamed on Strong Cryptography and Edward 
References: Wheedling about crypto and Snowden diverts from CIA Director's full speech and broader critique. CIA version omits Q&A.
To be sure, commentators must promote their products to flatter their consumers as do spies, officials and
armaments (crypto) producers.
Officials buy the armaments to gain votes and post-service directorships, word artists blow wind to fan the flames.
"This Is War!" Perfect for all consumers except the slaughtered, a few of which get ritual mourning (most ignored, unreported, unsacrelized, unheroricized, unencrypted).
Hard to tell the difference between opportunistic warmongerers or anti-warmongerers, so ying and yang in complicity.

@_date: 2015-11-24 05:53:18
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Rare Intelligent Yahoo article:   Not so rare stupid 
References: <1862489303.10184029.1448337580470.JavaMail.yahoo.ref
 <1862489303.10184029.1448337580470.JavaMail.yahoo
Hillary Clinton Showed How the Government Still Doesn't Understand the Encryption Debate
This is the agreed upon script for national security, encryption, commerce,
education,politics,religion, since the Internet was invented and long before.
But neither safety nor privacy have been satisfactorily provided during the
time this script has been incessantly spoken, written, broadcast, legislated.
Crypto advocates as well as those for national security have conspired to follow
a script that both agree cannot be fulfilled. Edward Snowden is merely the
latest to preach this impossible dream so successful, lucrative and risk-free
by advocates and marketers of crypto and natsec.
None of the opportunistic companies and cryptographers marching in lockstep
to this script with authorities expect the dream to be realized, so they agree
to keep repeating the sales and dangerless script for doomed-to-fail national
security and encryption and then demand more funding and trust for better
Whether doomed to fail is deliberate to assure markets, media and lecture fees
could be debated, and will be debated, and is being debated. This debate
fosters the notion of opposition rather than complicity. As seen in the
Snowden affair, dribble non-threatening information, call for debate,
pretend risk-taking in consultation with authorities.
So Manning and Snowden and a few others are left hanging in the wind,
in jail, in exile. The smartest and least gullible are on the run, keeping away
from publicity and foolish leaking, avoiding honey pots of secure drops
and ratting to law enforcement and spies, and disbelieving anyone who
promotes and monetizes the script of safety and privacy. Nobody like
that is here nor on any fora on crypto and natsec suffused with tattletales,
fora run for that very purpose.

@_date: 2015-11-28 17:49:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: cryptome-nov2015 
References: Cryptome disavows mirrors of its archive, all of them, due to ease
and evidence of tampering with files, hashes, signatures and insertion
of implants by the host, platform, route, service or all.
The archives should prominently display this disavowal and name the
archive "Cryptome-Disavows-This-Corrupt-Archive."

@_date: 2015-10-01 07:05:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Snowden on the Twitters 
References:  <20150930062542.GA2618
 <20150930115346.GD2618
 <560C3A26.4010709
 <20151001053452.GA2752
 <560CD686.8010501
 <560ce15f.0212370a.97fe1.ffffa6e2
 <20151001080545.GC2752
Snowden is to be pitied for believing giving material to the press to do with
what it likes is a victory.
Giving all material to the press for its mediation, interpretation and
monetization, as well as consulting with representatives of government
on what to publish, hardly changes the status quo of representative, rather
than direct democracy.
Snowden and the press are complicit in withholding the alleged material
he took, even now the public does not know and may never know what
that material consists of. The soup has been contaminated by editorial
selection, redaction and interpretation. That may be inevitable with the
sordid process the press calls leaking ("wikileaks" compounds the falsity
of censorious and editorially regulated pubic participation -- wiki -- and
exploitive, biased, corrupt, dramatized disclosure -- leaks).
Withholding material by self-empowered representatives, whether Snowden
or the press, self-regulating lawyers, stock peddlers and other professionals,
is a variation on official secrecy by which secret keepers pad their income
and perks so long as they abide the cult of secrecy. All this has been
done in the Snowden affair, as well as Ellsberg's. Those who don't
abid the cult go to jail, or ruined financially, or stigmatized for life.
Even now the representatives of the government, NGOs ACLU, EFF, MSM
and Freedom of the Press are negotiating a deal for Snowden for his return
to the US, following the Ellsberg precedent. The USG appears to be willing
to make a deal with all sides claiming victory "for the people." When such
deals are primarily beneficial to the secretkeepers and interpreters and
judges of what the public is allowed to know while "protecting national
Finally, cpunks was founded, and may still, to advocate and demonstrate
an alternative to paternalistic, covertly royalist and militarily and spying
tyrannical, representative government. Phil Zimmermann called his PGP,
Tim May called his version Cryptoanarchy, Jim Bell called his Assassination
Politics, others called theirs financial, black net, anonymization, wikileaks,
and a slew of variations (see Wikipedia for those). Fortunately quite few
avoided naming and publicizing their alternatives to minimize being tagged
as traitors and worse -- those remain quietly virulent, albeit some were
snatched by governments to be insiders and informants.
Insiders and informants have always been welcomed on this list. This to
avoid the venal corruption of secrecy, asymmetrical exploitation of leaders
over followers, and the crippling narcotic of believing public interest is the
same as privileged party interest, and worse, that the concomitant rewards
of being somebody publicized is superior to being out of sight working
hard to undermine archies of all stripes -- oligarchy of the Omidyar type
currently underwriting the Snowden sweettalking of NGO field bosses
overseeing booty distribution handsomely paid by tax write-offs.
As Snowden tweets, he's a director at Freedom of the Press. That is,
still among the privileged insiders of loyal opposition. As here.

@_date: 2015-10-01 07:23:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Snowden on the Twitters 
References:  <20150930115346.GD2618
 <560C3A26.4010709
 <20151001053452.GA2752
 <560CD686.8010501
 <560ce15f.0212370a.97fe1.ffffa6e2
 <20151001080545.GC2752
 <20151001083247.GD2752
 <20151001090557.GE2752
HTTPS has become a fetish, maybe always was. It serves as an end point fig leaf,
simulates privacy and infosec, but does not protect visitors from the full stream of
access to their traffic end to end. Same for shallow, exculpatory privacy policy
always "taken very seriously" laughingly. So encryption and anonymization provide
decorous couture of genitals while leaving the rest bare assed.
Web sites are insecure by the very design of the Internet which allows operators
and administrators full access to traffic "so it can be maintained properly." That
is policed and spied behind misleading signs of safety like HTTPS and privacy
policy. Every web site operator knows this and keeps it quiet to avoid scaring
away visitors. So they adopt the latest fig leafs and earnestly promote them
as essential while hacking and spying predators continue to ravage the Internet
as if the planet was created for the benefit of warmakers and their engineers
and suppliers.

@_date: 2015-10-02 10:35:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Snowden on the Twitters 
References:  <20151001090557.GE2752
 <2441525.bMgG3HtFU5 <560E8D66.8030403
Common spy tradecraft to exploit most popular and trusted comsec,
bemoan going dark, wheedle more funding, accuse blood on hands
of traitors, announce soothing adjustments to correct over-reach,
reward those who find bugs and disclose errors by zealous insiders,
issue presidential executive orders, hold hearings, sick IGs onto
the unfortunate, rejiggle court and congressional oversight, appoint
replacement leaders, quietly fund researchers and NGOs to air
dirty laundry, solicit views of outside experts, launch campaigns
to falsely confess the truth of accusations and promise to clean
up the filth of national security predation, contamination, waste and profit,
bring on board as consultants or specially skilled to aid the inept
insiders who are overworked, underpaid, under-appreciated,
excuse those who leave the inside to reap fabulous rewards on
the outside, enhance the devilish torment of FOIA compliance.
hire ever smarter and sleazier press representatives from among
those most vocal in opposition but ready for making a deal either
directly or through speaking, teaching an director-ship gigs funded
by benefactors of official contract and tax benefit largesse.
Comsec and crypto cult endures these ups and downs, mostly
dirty, craven, deceptive, unscrupulous, duplicitous, sanctimonious,
secretive, paranoid, greedy, privileged -- come on, dear public, just
see they are evil on your behalf and neither they or the public would
have it any other way.
Security fig leafs -- bibles, cathedrals, forts, laws of war, free
markets, democracies, encryption --  are obligatory to pretend the
devil is not our deity. HTTPS is as believable and lucrative as
indulgences of the Middle Ages, or sickle and hammer, cross,
crescent, fit bit, smart cities.

@_date: 2015-10-07 14:33:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Releases 21 Oral History Interviews 
21 oral history interviews released by NSA 6 Oct 2015 (1,552 pp)
 (46MB)

@_date: 2015-10-07 15:22:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Axe Campaigne Oral History 
Oral history of Howard Campaigne, NSA-OH-20-83, not among those released yesterday, from June 2014. Scratch it.

@_date: 2015-10-07 17:50:09
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptome] Cryptome has been leaking its user logs for over a year 
References: This is a campaign by Best to tout his newbie spy skills. Good luck on getting a job, we say.

@_date: 2015-10-08 06:23:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cryptome has been leaking its user logs for over a year 
References:  <20151008060551.GA2590
 <56161089.6070907
We've encouraged Best to continue doing what he is doing after using Cryptome
as a platform, counsel and source of information. He did set up a website, did
mirror the Cryptome archives, did do further research and announce it widely
and has picked a fight with several parties, complained of mistreatment,
censorship, abuse, exposed collateral innocent (ha!) parties.
We also told Best log files are the dirtiest secret of the Internet, none are
secure, none private, none singular, admins and websites lie about using
them, exploiting them, deleting them, needing them, stealing them, accusing
about them, inflating them, rigging them. They pay for the Net, thus not ever
going away or kept secure.
So Best is going in the tried and true direction, many others have staggered.
And if determined he will avoid depending on anybody for support. More power
to the asshole, welcome to the world of disputatious assholes, cypherpunks,
the Internet, the planet.
Brave new growth to kill off the cowardly old.
Praise and support controls, don't seek it or succumb to it. Enjoy fucking
yourself, Best, to entertain audiences. Cheers and keep at it.

@_date: 2015-10-08 13:28:27
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The GCHQ Cryptome slide could be a mockup/disinfo 
References:  <20151008153729.GE2590
 <20151008165339.CCFE9C0001A
Mike Best should keep digging, hardly scratched the surface of yards
way too fenced by secrecy.

@_date: 2015-10-11 12:28:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Ubiquitous AWStats Not the Worst 
Presumably cybersec wizards have warned about the ubiquity
of AWStats and access log files online, or maybe not, just quietly
exploit them. There are hundreds of thousands listed on Google's.
tip of the iceberg.
Beyond the simplistic AWStats and access logs to snapshot traffic
for the amateur pryer, peddler and peeper, there are those which log
much more about visitors' behavior, desires, secrets, hook-ups, adulteries,
informing, cheating, avoiding, perambulating among personal device
records, types and models of equipment, passwords, attempts to
anonymize, encrypt, hide, evade.
Search engines, social media, TLAs, archives, drops, clouds, server
farms, corporations, NGOs, AVs, Gorgon-headed bots, heavily-followed
and handsomely paid Schneier-Mitnick-grade global traveling gov-advising
security entrepreneurs are hardly alone in aggregating users nonchalant
share of data for those running their own Amazons of quick supply to
media, advertisers, spies, govs, invest vultures, In-Q-Tel, oligarchs,
and to swap with others operating in rogue nations and below and
beyond the superficial Dark web.
Presumably there is material in the Snowden dump, or withheld by
Snowden to "not harm national security," which shows the great range
of data available for grabbing, manipulating, exploiting, bargaining,
ransoming, doctoring, pre-positioning, threatening, monetizing,
shaping economic and political policies. And what similar holdings
are held by the opposition in a stand-off of first use of digital
mutual destruction.

@_date: 2015-10-11 17:03:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptome] Re: Why cryptome sold web logs to their paying 
References:  <20151011180239.EA60FC00014
 <8C4170F3-B9A5-4EB6-A6DB-7BE6701DD560
 <29FDC0FF-712A-4048-AA64-67845A7CDECA
 <20151011204851.D5DBAC00016
25 February 2014. Related: GCHQ Full-Spectrum Cyber Effects:
 24 February 2014. Related: GCHQ Online Deception:
 GCHQ DISRUPTION Operational Playbook:
 29 January 2014. Related: GCHQ Squeaky Dolphin Psychological Operations:
 4 March 2012. Precursor to this sabotage, OSS Sabotage of Organizations:

@_date: 2015-10-11 19:19:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: why we need more cryptome mirrors, in all corners 
References: And, best, no pun, every mirror unique and as flawed as their
makers, like none other, especially differing from the source
and its makers. Mirrors are mirrors, like originals, are always
illusory and evermore changing and degrading -- with crypto
and comsec and infosec.
Archives, drops, mirrors, crypto, USBs, AWstats, leaks, Wiki
fools gold. This forum a grain of a great Sahara. From these
grains mirrors of mirrors of mirrors. Forsoothed Alice to
narcissistic Bob.

@_date: 2015-10-11 19:52:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Why cryptome sold web logs to their paying customers? 
References:  <1444598030.829859.407317641.4ED309A5
NetSol is a bundle of contradictions, the essence of ISPs.
We have always logged the actions of our ISPs and their ISPs,
upstream and downstream, services and support, security and vulns.
So too mail lists, SM, chats, as instructed by this forum and its many
offshoots working all sides, warning of perfidy to hide perfidy.
Check those links we posted about how the spies work this fertile
terrain of paranoia and over-confidence, feeding the wired and wireless
news machine, advertisers and officials, now cybersecurity being
ratcheted up to WMD level. Coders as glamorous as physicists.
Nobels and MacArthurs acoming. And the opportunist anti-coders
smelling the coffee of protests. Cryptographers facing the opprobrium
of WMD-makers when the public grasps what fools they have been
taken for through the same old scam, public protection requires
ever greater national secrecy among the select. Unbreakable crypto
then declared illegal everywhere, and only cryptographers know
what unbreakable means: smoke and mirrors, lots of mirrors.

@_date: 2015-10-11 20:06:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Nominee officers and directors (was: Why cryptome sold web 
References: We welcome NSLs, tango downs, malware, shutdowns, DMCA demands,
hacks, official visits and warnings, fingerpointing and accusations, subpoenas,
and indictments. If happened, published. No indictments, yet.
"Bluffs will be published if comical but otherwise ignored."
Our geriatric blurb:
Cryptome welcomes documents for publication that are prohibited by
governments worldwide, in particular material on freedom of expression,
privacy, cryptology, dual-use technologies, national security, intelligence,
and secret governance -- open, secret and classified documents -- but
not limited to those. Documents are removed from this site only by order
served directly by a US court having jurisdiction. No court order has ever
been served; any order served will be published here -- or elsewhere
if gagged by order. Bluffs will be published if comical but otherwise
 anything.

@_date: 2015-10-11 20:15:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Why cryptome sold web logs to their paying customers? 
References:  <1444598030.829859.407317641.4ED309A5
 <561AEF73.5070309
Shared is cheap, so are we. Shared is vuln, so are we. So are the others
despite credentials and billion-dollar armaments and above all else
secrecy and shallow oversight. That explains it.

@_date: 2015-10-11 20:21:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: ***SPAM*** Re: Why cryptome sold web logs to their paying 
References:  <1444598030.829859.407317641.4ED309A5
They are indeed that. Requests languor unanswered.
Nowadays standard business practice, off-shore no longer
reliable either. Just don't respond. Get bought out by
Web.com and slowly disappear after handing over decades
of user data for exploitation. The Apple future, or maybe
present if hobnobbing with US and CN leaders give a

@_date: 2015-10-12 08:23:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Prepare for cyberwar career: 163 7-day free books on hundreds  
References:  <20151012114534.GB2778
Prepare for cyberwar career: 163 7-day free books on hundreds
of underhanded violations of computers and networks,

@_date: 2015-10-12 10:59:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Hundreds of underhanded violations of computers and 
References:  <20151012114534.GB2778
 <561BC2FD.3080803
Thanks for noting, how about this

@_date: 2015-10-15 00:32:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cryptome for sale with access log files from 1996 for 
Cryptome for sale with access log files from 1996 for $50,000,000.
Authentic Cryptome Archive for $10,000.

@_date: 2015-10-16 06:21:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cryptome for sale with access log files from 1996 for $50, 
References:  <20151016062320.6EE13C00018
 <20151016073110.GA2703
Cryptome's offer to sell itself and logs for the amount Omidyar
is tax writing off  at The Intercept, and skying the donation for its archive
to the weekly stipend of top Snowden exploiters, is a parody of
what highly-profitable web sites like e-Bay, ISPs, equipment, program
and cybersecurity peddlers, and net operators and overseers are doing.
Access, traffic and transaction logs are ginned, sorted, stored, munged,
manipulated, sold, stolen, and more, all along the many packeting, hops,
boosts, diversions, conversions, hand-offs to various devices of the route
from user to destination. End point of user and the destination is merely
one bit of data, well, two bits, with gobs of bits quietly being gobbled
elsewhere, camouflaged by the delusion of privacy policies, anonymization,
and website log deletion or never ginning logs.
Cryptome has no logs, never has. Its various ISPs have copious logs of
many kinds (not just the simplistic access logs meant to delude website
operators), along with all the other transceivers of visitor activities and
transaction metadata and metametadata.
Cryptome has never run a server, just buy the service. We do track our
ISPs' activities and through them the ganglia of the Internet to see what
happens to our files.
Voracious bots have always been the heaviest users of Cryptome, siphoning
files hourly, daily, monthly, then providing them to users at other locations
to gin their own families of data for sale to govs, coms, edus, banks,
investigators, investors.
Google, Bing, Internet Archive, Torrent, drops, govs, spies, academics,
researchers, cyberseckers, take, steal actually (as do we), Internet files
for their own use which is primarily to gather data on users, the precious
jewels of the Internet which underwrite its so-called free service.
Public benefit aggregators like Internet Archive, Wikipedia, Google
docs, universities, NGOs, are the prime abusers of visitor data, both
to their websites and by special privilege of advising visitors on how
to protect their privacy while being pickpocketed of personal data.
Cybersecurity con artists are as bad by deluding their visitors and
customers about how to protect themselves with encryption, Tor,
anonymization, OTR, secret chats, deep web, blah, blah. All these
con artists gin their own logs of trusting-users data, then either
hand it over to authorities, sell it covertly, share with cohorts
and standards orgs, write papers and give speeches soliciting
customers, testify in Congress and courts, inform grand juries,
cut plea bargains, brag about resisting NSLs, set up warrant
canaries, share tips with donors and investors, yadda, yadda,
do donate generously, but best, generate taxable income,
tax write-offs, never-ending war, paranoia and FUD.
Cryptome has no privacy or security policy to deceive visitors, and
periodically announce that, and warn not to trust us or any other
website, especially those which advocate HTTPS, anonymization,
privacy, security and crow about civil liberties and public benefit.

@_date: 2015-10-16 06:33:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Truth teller or Truthiness? 
References:  <1506f506070.276e.4d489027c0c4d0c1b1ca03a1f48f1ffb
 <20151016072615.788D0C00016
WikiLeaks self-promotional honorifics are humorously manipulative
like any other prize, award, condescending media campaign.
Indignant smears are beneficial: Don't trust Cryptome or John Young.

@_date: 2015-10-16 10:54:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptome] Re: Truth teller or Truthiness? 
References:  <1506f506070.276e.4d489027c0c4d0c1b1ca03a1f48f1ffb
 <20151016072615.788D0C00016
 <20151016133547.8F5C2C0001F
Assange began hacking under the name Mendax (from Horace's splendide mendax: "nobly untruthful").
That was Julian's teeny-bop spy parody proto-Hebdo. Slyer wit now with middle-aged foreign
affairs pedantry. Endless war askance a pension plan.

@_date: 2015-10-16 11:09:26
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: 'unsub from cryptome ml' 
References:  <20151016143912.D2847C0001A
Simple bounce from a non-member submission. Usually as a cc of cpunks messages.
Axe the cryptome ml cc on responses.

@_date: 2015-10-16 19:00:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Ecartis command results: unsubscribe 
References: If not distrusted, hated and vilified, try harder. This forum exists
for honing Machiavellian malevolency. If praise, trust and fruitful
discussion is desired (as once available in higher ed of Readers
Digest Life in These United States, but no more), SEO elsewhere,
then when abused, misled, cold-cocked, rejected and dispirited
by bullying intolerance, sneak back under newly minted nym, try
even harder to piss on Hettinga's celebrity high-stepping patent
leather Keds.

@_date: 2015-10-17 09:16:04
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptome] Re: Cryptome Mail List Messing 
References: Related to, coordinated with, Wikipedia's recently revised Cryptome entry to favor biased and erroneous items in a aggressive Cryptome attack sanctioned by the site editors.

@_date: 2015-10-19 21:01:08
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WikiLeaks is not hosting Cryptome, search service only 
Clarify: WikiLeaks is not hosting Cryptome, instead a search service
which points to Cryptome site files. Mighty helpful.

@_date: 2015-10-20 06:36:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: WikiLeaks of "spying related" to its Cryptome search is click 
Caution: WikiLeaks of "spying related" to its Cryptome search is click bait
to garner user data. No salute for misleading hype.

@_date: 2015-10-22 11:33:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: State of the art in malware owning human? 
References: <20151022090553.GA2546
National security religion current world malware leader. Consecrated
in 1947, fastest spreading global cult of carnage fed by stupendous
growth of spying and armaments industries. Bloodthirsty, vicious,
insane with maximum killing machines against infidels who refuse to
tithe, obey, excuse, honor and applaud worst earth and human destructors
ever. Nobody exempt from sacrifice at the altar of stand-off scripture of
privileging laws and economics. And condoned by gutless humor,
idiotic cynicism, flacid critique.
This Halloween lick the spookily sacred Arlington gravestones, the
spooky stars on the sacrificial hero wall.
"Amen, inshallah, fuck you, me, the leering pumpkins and off."  - Anon

@_date: 2015-10-23 11:52:28
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cryptography's Role in Securing the Information Society, May 2, 1996 
Some will remember this Clinton administration handling of cryptography,
and now its recycling of threats and assurances by Obama.
Cryptography's Role in Securing the Information Society, May 2, 1996
Cryptome's first publication, scanned hardcopy, NRC displeased.

@_date: 2015-10-25 17:31:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: mailing list etiquette violators list 
References: <20151025103124.GW7122
 <562d3e54.c4858c0a.2ad11.ffff9370
 <562D41EC.3040601
All of the originals are stego, ambitiously stego'd large
twice, and continuing with every message. Insert stego
here, ridicule and forward hollowing like a monkey
with tiny balls, to Slashdot, Reddit, 4chan, Wayback,
Google, Snowden, Manning, WikiLeaks, Il Papa, Wailing
Wall, SecureDrop Honey Pot.
cc, bcc, spam, sock puppet, cloud, gameboy, slop it.

@_date: 2015-10-29 13:58:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cypherpunks is broken - Welcome to Secret Admirers 
References: <48b20a0d7226de7ec81e6a2eefacbec0
 <20151029162224.GA6666
 <20151029165911.B5C60C0001E
Cypherpunks has produced a slew of offsprings who are confident
the parents have been surpassed, are feeble, ghosts of their once
own offsprings of offsprings of offsprings. Some have become
mules unable to offspring so bray at one another neuteredly, some
tote-packing jackasses for secretkeepers, some little horses in a
geek carnival DEFCON, one a jester performing for food, bed
and hookup in a banana republic's UK squat, another raising wild
pussies on a hilltop armed to the gizzard against PETA warriors,
several offshore heroined and drunk in hot tubs of rotgut financial
shenanigans, others on a mechanical island harassed by EU
revenuers and algorithmic mermaids, quite a few incarcerating
themselves in courtrooms pursuing phantasms of conquering
an NSA long out of date by new improved GQNSAFSB, half a
dozen are dead, dying, diseased or headphoned heads mounted
on mathematics college entablatures. One is a high official
in DoD cybercommand-panic to the max, a twin doing the
same for PRC. A small number of geezers continue to write
code, that is hire kids to do that, but mostly consult to crypto
cretinous corporations, suckle on NGO-tit extortions, deliver
commodious farts on the speaker circuit, the best and brightest
take long naps, buy weekly, monthly, yearly lap dances, search
Google for their names, spit and shit blood, shed hair and flesh,
burst into episodes of cackling obscure hashes in elliptic
circles. Eyes and minds dim and flicker, maws whimper,
broken teeth and code pukes down shirt fronts, dapper
David Kahn dances into darkening visions of splendid
failure, crooning No Such Agency to the solo female
cpunk whose name is legend.

@_date: 2015-09-05 18:43:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Hackers spent at least a year spying on Mozilla to discover 
References: <20150905153537.GO2661
 <55eb6758.5a18370a.bcf8c.3cf2
Every upgrade of Mozilla (and all browsers) has diminished security
and increased ads and user profiling.
Sites which nag visitors to upgrade to latest versions are complicit.
So too are ad blockers and security promoters part of the racket.
Unceasing program upgrades, nagging and underwriting hacking
security panic are Silicon Valley-Alley fracking. No surprise that
FVEY capitalizes on the eagerness to cooperate against Net
Man in the Machine about Jobs hardly scratches the surface,
complicit too in the hawking of cyber derring do in the Era of
Snowden Without Harming the US: "Be sure to use encryption,"
Jobs would applaud that planned parenthood documentrary.

@_date: 2015-09-09 08:21:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: How Putin Controls the Internet and Popular Opinion in 
References: This from the journalists who check with USG before publishing Snowden
documents as Snowden allegedly requires "to avoid harm to the US."
Fingerpointing at Putin is obligatory for those working the Broadcasting
Board of Governors propaganda beat.
The Internet as an unprecedented global spying and propaganda machine
has been long noted and carefully exploited by all varieties of spies and
media -- used by all governments, but by US first and foremost.
For a few years the Information Highway was perceived as a marvelous
invention for public education and discourse, even a whiz-bang tool for shaping
politics and government, empowering the citizenry. Was long before it
was understood to be a gov-com-edu-org hegemon siphoning user data
indiscriminately, some openly, some secretly.
Encryption has been advocated to maintain citizen privacy and security. That
too has been exposed as illusory, but die-hard security promoters will not
sacrifice reputation and profits for perpetuating the notion that reliable
infosec and comsec are "the best we can do, don't expect absolute
security." Meanwhile continuting to rig standards and products to fit
USG contracting requirements. Keeping up with these requirements is
a top requirement for benefiting from official secrets.
Still unrevealed by Snowden is what he did as CIA IT employee for many
years before a few months deep undercover NOC as an NSA contractor.

@_date: 2015-09-10 06:41:42
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: politicopunks@cpunks.org 
References: If its only about politics, why add to the monotonous brain-rot drivel.
Cypherpunks list covers politics and everything else, without
chopping up into marked-up and branded packages: politics,
civil liberties, NSA, crypto, privacy, online diddly. each with its
own political agenda, lobbyists, PACs, Dear Leaders, bribery,
followers, deranged oligarchs. Sure, cypherpunks suffers from
the same diseases as politics but, praise the holy founders,
suffers them all at once, not piecemeal, so develops anti-bodies
for all of them, to send the worms and germs to fight it out on
monodrone-weakened corpuses.
Finally, last two hours of a question soon over, cypherpunks
has gone through a long list of failures due to politics rising to
the surface as if that's all there is worth cut-throating about.
Offshoots have been set up to avoid politics as a topic, or
some other forbidden fruit iconizing a moderator's tits and ads.
 From those cpunk-siphoning Ashley Madisons have come weirdly
deformed creatures and mindsets, missing some capabilities,
overloaded with others -- evolving into the frankensteins of
secretkeeping, thematic dwarfs and thuggish giants, you might
say, like politicians and their sharks, press agents, campaign
and polling leeches determined and amply paid to make
politics the premier gobbler of subscribers' beliefs and fellow
soldiers of murderous religion.

@_date: 2015-09-10 13:47:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: politicopunks@cpunks.org 
References:  <20150910150514.GD2695
A list about assassination politics means and methods advancing
and implementing the original could lead to a round-up of those with
too few degrees of separation since 1992.

@_date: 2015-09-13 13:57:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: John McAfee Runs For US President In 2016 Under Cyber Party 
References:  <3923616.0r0mpAI9Mp
 <20150910114126.GC2695
 <55f1e097.d4668c0a.7be27.29b4
 <55f3bb8e.4b1c8d0a.90f36.ffff8cf5
 <55F44314.3080807
 <55f48f27.4521370a.d43e0.ffffdab9
 <55F5B40C.5060801
Hofstadter Introduction and Chapter 1:

@_date: 2015-09-14 15:40:39
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: John McAfee Runs For US President In 2016 Under Cyber Party 
References: <3923616.0r0mpAI9Mp
 <20150910114126.GC2695
 <55f1e097.d4668c0a.7be27.29b4
 <55f3bb8e.4b1c8d0a.90f36.ffff8cf5
 <55F44314.3080807
 <55f48f27.4521370a.d43e0.ffffdab9
 <55F5B40C.5060801
 <20150914064938.GB2473
 <55F6E283.2060001
The entire Hofstadter "The American Political Tradition"
 (420 pp, 35MB)

@_date: 2015-09-15 15:04:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: JYA and Cryptome Keys Compromised 
Hash: SHA256
15 September 2015
I have learned today that all PGP public keys of John Young
 and Cryptome  have been
The keys have been revoked today.
Two new keys have been generated today:
John Young 15-0915  0xD87D436C
Cryptome 15-0915  0x8CD47BD5
This message is signed by the first.

@_date: 2015-09-15 18:39:15
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] [cryptography] JYA and Cryptome Keys Compromised 
References: Correct analysis. First was get out a prompt notice to wave off users,
then proceed with other authentications. Toughest problem is how to
avoid another compromise of new keys since so many ways to do
that have arisen and/or suspected over the life of PGP and other
systems. WoT is problematic too, as are key signing parties, and
so on. Other systems claim to be better, and we are using some of
them, waiting and watching and suspecting are the lessons learned
from stalwart testbed PGP in all its guises and disguises.
We likely would not have discovered the compromises if not for
those lessons.
Nor do we mind starting from scratch, perhaps a bit more often
than 11 years. Tornados do happen out side alleys of easy
prediction (this is not a cyphersec sales motto).

@_date: 2015-09-15 18:47:06
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: JYA and Cryptome Keys Compromised 
References: Sure, once we have better grasp of what happened. Wanted to
get an alert out quickly to warn off users.

@_date: 2015-09-17 07:12:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: JYA and Cryptome Passphrase Are Secure 
Hash: SHA256
JYA and Cryptome passphrases are secure. Plaintext discovered
not related to Cryptome, with alternative to decrypt: original not

@_date: 2015-09-17 08:24:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: JYA and Cryptome Passphrase Are Secure 
References:  <20150917112055.GB5722
It's PGP, not GP nor P.

@_date: 2015-09-18 06:57:58
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Key Compromise Related to Architectural Work Not Cryptome 
Hash: SHA256
18 September 2015
Key compromise is related to our architectural work on NYC No. 7
Subway Line Extension, recently opened. Project had hundreds of
designers from around the world with access to files. Security of
the project is primary and its design is not public. Extent of
subway system security and file protection is restricted to
need to know.
JYA and Cryptome passphrases remain secure. Key revocation done
for caution.

@_date: 2015-09-19 07:50:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Key Compromise Related to Architectural Work Not Cryptome 
References:  <20150919084630.GC2589
Nobody sane has ever met JYA, just not possible. But several cpunks
and USG officials have. But none of those use PGP after learning
what precludes sanity and is replaced with blind faith in the math when
crypto is implanted.
GPG is further down the wormhole of instability.
As RH pithed on PRZ's shoes: children of code-cobblers have none.

@_date: 2016-04-26 08:56:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: vintage cpunk 
References: <20160406124923.GA677
 <57053FB4.9070109
 <20160420094943.GA1309
 <571D73E8.40400
 <20160425121604.GA683
 <571e601b.a84d420a.26607.ffffdac2
 <571efc1d.4952620a.d8b33.400a
Great repost. May is unique. And well armed and bunkered, physically,
philosophically, politically.

@_date: 2016-04-26 13:35:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: vintage cpunk 
References: <20160406124923.GA677
 <57053FB4.9070109
 <20160420094943.GA1309
 <571D73E8.40400
 <20160425121604.GA683
 <571e601b.a84d420a.26607.ffffdac2
 <571efc1d.4952620a.d8b33.400a
 <571F9ED1.6090906
Right. A few days ago we slipped under the lasers, slithered past motion detectors,
aimed a night scope at the silhouette trying to calm a gaggle of squabbling cats,
quickly snapped a dozen of infrareds, setting off bam, bam, bam, instantly felt
the shadows fireball around us, singeing our asbestos foiled tents, stun grenades
blasting our shallows, swarm of drones peppering us with dum-dums, teams of
robots roaring and thrumming and spewing greenish skin-eating droplets and
lung ravaging vapors, thankfully we were ready for all that, except one little
oversight: a great chasm split the desert, a mushroom rose into the air, there
was begoggled Ninja'd Tim hanging upside down like a giant dope-wizened bat
from a black balloon, well, that's the last thing we saw before awakening atop
the Empire State Building, naked and afraid.

@_date: 2016-04-26 18:11:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Offtopic posts 
References: Definitely: a high paywall, start at $1,000 a post, to cull the deadbeats.
That's in bullion, no bitshit. Mis-post and price doubles, then goes geometric
after 3. Your PINs are known.
Here's the post ticket line: Hettinga hosts a deep "FC" vault packed
with RL ransom goodies any deadbeat nation would genocide to
expropriate for ignorant spenders of cognitive capital aka FC-CC.
Now you know why only 200 Panama Papers files of 11,500,000
have been released. Robert's vault PIN is way off planet.

@_date: 2016-08-14 08:08:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Bittorrent starting to move entirely within anonymous overlay nets 
References:  <20160814114800.GB892
Giving porn downloaders false sense of security doesn't help technically
Excellent recommendation. Should apply to privacy policies and crypto,
anything to do with whistleblowing, leaks, secure drops, transparency,
openness, comsec, infosec and especially natsec and secrecy, the
two greatest threats to all the others.
Coordinated secrecy by gov-com-edu-ngo will continue to be the
most horrendous fundamentalist religion and most profitable
exploit online and off.
Back there hung-over snoozers, wake up and pay attention.

@_date: 2016-08-16 08:23:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: DCCC Internal Docs on Primaries in Florida 
References: <20160816065203.GB689
 <20160816112610.GL27807
The DCCC and "NSA" releases are over-hyped garbage commensurate
with political campaigns in all countries. More like that promulgated by
spies in all countries. Even in this sacred temple of cpunk-purity.

@_date: 2016-02-16 08:24:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Re:_U.S._Hacked_Into_Iran=E2=80=99s_Critical_?=  
References: Maybe, maybe more cyberwar milking pretense.
Gibney is a gov-friendly outlet. So is James Ball.

@_date: 2016-02-17 09:31:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Ideals in crypto:  Apple mus t help Feds unlock San Bernardino 
References: <20160217121244.GC2370
 <20160217123013.E487CC0001B
 <20160217134051.GD2370
Yep. Marketing. Crypto producers been doing that forever.
King's coin wins sec contracts, the serfs get wooden nickles
with Robin Hood sig.

@_date: 2016-02-20 07:40:33
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: No subject 
USG is not USA. Apple is not its buyers. USG v Apple is not about citizens and privacy. It's about secretkeepers against the public.

@_date: 2016-02-20 08:10:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: No subject 
If Apple can hack its own security then the products are backdoors.

@_date: 2016-02-21 17:03:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Crypto Beguilement 
Coms eagerly post-Snowden promising crypto does not mean they
have stopped helping gov-com secret spying by other means, au contraire.
Crypto protects only a few of many means gov-coms have to spy on public,
so should not divert from those, nor from 88% Snowden docs withheld.
Govs may concede crypto public protection to assure other means remain
effective. Promoting public crypto as a cloak appears to be the campaign
underway, now as in the 1990s, so beguiling to crypto advocates to claim
a win (for the industry-org-edu to continue doing openly and secretly what
it does best).

@_date: 2016-02-22 06:30:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cryptome?s searing critique of Snowden Inc. 
References:  <20160222094811.GC2454
Snowden did the right thing, as he said, released the whole wad
to the public. Just released it to the wrong few people with no
technical capabilities but with desire for personal recognition
and profit-taking. Heading to Hong Kong "Greenwald and Poitras
danced in the aircraft's aisle upon reading sample documents,"
according to one account by Luke Harding (Greenwald denied this).
Both full release and profit-taking could have been done, and maybe
both were done, that is, the full release has been placed where more
technically capable persons have access. A few technical persons
have had limited access according to news reports, to advise the
cache withholders, but not many which is highly regrettable.
As we said in the interview there are a host of parties with greater
skills and experience publishing classified documents, National
Security Archive and Federation of American Scientists, among
them. Granted that these orgs are quite cautious about publishing
unauthorized disclosures due to their boards having close ties
to authorities and dutiful legal obedience.
No question the methodology employed by favored journalists
has been effective for engaging (entertaining) the public. The
comsec and credibility problem is that the small number of
documents released (~11%) and large number of narratives
(>100/1 of document pages) has skewed and dramatized the
disclosures such that it is impossible to know how accurate
the fragments are without access to the full wad.
Now there are rumors that the bulk of the documents may be
returned for Snowden's exculpation, which would be a great
loss for the public but swell for Snowden and his PR team.
Short shrifting the public by the media where leaks are concerned
has become, maybe always was, the norm. Direct to the public
disclosure, un-mediated, is what is needed, no secretmaking
privilege to anyone. Journalists bristle at this, claim the public
must be told what to think, and in this journalists are just like
Moreover, that Snowden allegedly requires the cache holders to
check with USG before release is pernicious, maybe false. Quite
a few of Snowden's comments appear to be scripted by those who
have him over a barrel.

@_date: 2016-02-25 06:39:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Instead of Apple tasking a coder to work on cracking that 
References: <56CE4583.5060602
 <20160225064556.GA2475
 <56CEE230.1040500
Apple's fix of its devices to prevent access by outsiders surely is not like CryptoAG in which gov entry was secretly implanted. How to verify this has not been done? Political and technical challenge is that few users care about security and privacy, they just want convenience and latest style as Apple has become richer than Croseus exploiting. And Apple is hardly the only com-gov-org promising group identity and solidarity, with illusory security while primarily securing the benefits of the promiser.
Apple and govs are more similar than different and bound by loyal opposition, the very stance most beneficial to security and privacy offerers. Insecurity is the product.

@_date: 2016-02-25 16:48:52
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USG v. Apple, Apple Motion to Vacate Decrypt Order 
USG v. Apple, Apple Motion to Vacate Decrypt Order
 (415 pp, 19.5MB)

@_date: 2016-02-26 14:15:24
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] USG v. Apple, Apple Motion to Vacate   
References: We asked for an opinion of Michael Froomkin, Law Professor at University of Miami, on Henry Baker's

@_date: 2016-02-27 12:27:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] Apple's refusal, crypto wars shifting to 
References: It's good to see The Intercept and others smell a rat with the fake fight between
Apple and the USG (hardly only the FBI). Crediting Snowden and his flacks
with this phony crypto war is a bit much, though, opposition to government
instrusions around the world have been persistent for decades, especially
against the ever increasing digital violations and forever failing protections
against them. "Strong crypto is hard to do while making it easy for users."
What is most needed from the Snowden 90% still-secret wad are defenses
against the USG now that alarms have been repeatedly clanged about redacted
and incomplete offenses. Most peculiar that almost no defensive measures
have been released, although Snowden may have insisted on not releasing
those as threats to US national security.
Snowden's alleged demand that outlets check with USG before releases
to assure no national harm is institutionalized in national security
reporting, but is also required by fear of prosecution of outlets and
their investors such as Omidyar, Slim, Bezo, all the major media.
Withholding the 90% of Snowden material which he claims was given
to the public, is damnable betrayal of the public for monetary and
professional benefits. In this way the Snowden material has been
handled like the USG handles it, as if it is owned by the handlers,
not by the ones who paid for it.
It would not be off-base to accuse the Snowden handlers of what
Apple and the USG are doing, engaging in a fake fight "in the public
interest" for pecuniary gain. Privacy and civil liberties are being
peddled as commercial products, cheered yesterday by Apple
The DNI's Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board is as much
a marketing scam as the American Civil Liberties Union, same
kind of people populate both, testify in Congress, meet with
POTUS, work the lecture circuit.

@_date: 2016-02-27 13:17:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Millennials' Dream Job 
No. 1 Google
No. 4 Apple
No. 5 FBI
No. 8 CIA
No. 19 NSA
"The high ranking of national-security employers also speaks to millennials' hope to make a difference in the world."

@_date: 2016-02-28 05:54:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Natseckers 
References: DoJ is required to cloak NSA-CIA capabilities by pretending full sharing
does not take place. Redacted and excluded filings and decisions by DoJ,
district, appeal, SCOTUS and FISA courts along with open and classified
executive orders by and POTUS, and best of all, classified contracts,
implements this.
In olden days there was a fairy-land time when NSA-CIA were required to cull,
select and "minimize" (except in wartime and emergencies) their take and
capabilities with FBI and law enforcement, but no longer, the Patriot Act
Dr Zeuss loosened the ties that never bound.
Going to court melodramatizes and sanitizes the bung-holing (like USG v. Apple)
with in camera, withholding, stonewalling and denying. It should be understood,
Dear Dummies, that lawyers, security clearance holders, corporations, NGOs and
and greeders who assist and abet spying understand how to play this
rigged game to keep the public "safe and secure" in blissful passivity.
Encryption, necessarily quietly compromised for dependable marketability,
has always been a formulaic-algorithmic Faustian character in the
comsec-infosec charade where official secrecy triumphs over chaotic
rabble-empowering democracy.
This big-budget high-profit Broadway performance is called "The Natseckers."

@_date: 2016-02-29 17:24:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Judge Orenstein denies USG motion to compel Apple decrypt 
Judge Orenstein denies USG motion to compel Apple decrypt.
This is older case than that in California but similar issues.

@_date: 2016-01-12 06:24:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US Pres. Cand. Marco Rubio Comes Out For Surveillance 
References: This is how everyone talks after being "read into" secretkeeping
conditions, no matter what they said before then.
After a few years of abiding these conditions, a few begin to send
canary cheeps about needing less secrecy and more openness
but do not go back across that one-way in, no way out border -- for life,
as a primary condition to being read into.
A much smaller number go across the red line of secretkeeping
but become hounded -- for life -- as traitors, or worse. That is also
a condition of being read into the black-hearted world (with corollary
These conditions are described in secrecy agreements. At some
point, all presidential candidates are read into secretkeeping or are
advised to speak as though they have.
What this diabolism has led to is a large enterprise worldwide of liars
and dissimulators, leaks, fake leaks, spy stories, gov-com-org spying
and secretkeeping revolving door industry, led by and enforced by
the three branches and their like worldwide.
This world is georaphically borderless but has a near impenetrable border
at the edge of secretkeeping.
There is, as customary of secretkeeping, gulags for violators populated
with pseudo-violator implants to keep track of miscreants who must
be held to a high standard of obedience. repentance and reeducation,
indefinitely, to embrace and intenralize pantopticonic self-censorship,
to speak and behave dissimulatively, ambivalently, duplicitously.
Whistleblower organizations is one type of implanted gulag. Others are
legal, financial and political support systems for whistleblowers and those
wishing to whistleblow, leak, violate oaths, ignore NDAs.
Entrapment of prospective whistleblowers is facilitated by the press
which relishes its privivleges not available to the whistleblower.
El Chapo got hoodwinked by "journalist" Sean Penn, as Snowden
was, as Manning was, as was Sterling, Kiriakou, Brown, Hammond --
the list is getting longer thanks to the perfect entrapment and tracing
device, digital technology.
It will be interesting to see what the great human flood borderless
immigrants will lead to, by that is meant the cellphone seduction
operation, the vast array of cell antennas currently visible for easy
attack, digitally and physically but hardly as easy pickings as
cellphones themselves spying, informing, guiding the Rubios and

@_date: 2016-01-12 16:28:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Sign the Letter to Secure the Internet 
Sign the Letter to Secure the Internet
Via Henry Baker, Cryptography List

@_date: 2016-01-12 18:39:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Sign the Letter to Secure the Internet 
References:  <56957B54.2020605
There are indeed similarities of the crypto advocacy crowd with
advocates of guns, which figures because both are classified
as munitions and serve similar purposes.
Gun control could be linked to crypto control, and some cpunks,
in early days at least, emphasized the parallel. "My cold dead hands"
was invoked for gun self-protection and passphrase for privacy
Other parallels can be seen between cryptographers and weapons
manufacturers pursuing commercial, governmental and user
markets with sales pitches tuned to each category. Dual use
an essential feature, duplicity and dual hats too.
Could be more coming in regulation of cryptographers like gun
manufacturers and dealers. And best, the black market and
underground and warfare tools merchants and of course
informants and betrayers.
Licensed crypto is already at hand througn chips, devices,
algos, OSes and not a few deceptive insertions and implants
emplaced while argument about the crypto war diverts attention.
More crypto cops, overt and covert, sure, why not, that has been
around for a while, almost surely from the beginning of crypto
not to say cpunks and the cryptography lists.

@_date: 2016-01-12 18:43:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Sign the Letter to Secure the Internet 
References:  <56957B54.2020605
 <56958320.0b50370a.d61c.1384
 <56958B50.9050302
And Intel, Sun and Grateful Dead sponsoring cpunks.

@_date: 2016-01-13 14:56:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Sign the Letter to Secure the Internet 
References:  <56957B54.2020605
Indeed, some cpunks advocate both arms and crypto personal offense
and defense, but many more set up crypto initiatives (promotional and
inventive) to distance themselves from those they considered harming
the public image of Encryption (Cryptoo to vulgar",  especially those who
marketed academic, commercial and above all governmental comsec
with the joys and financial rewards of moving among the three cash
bovines wearing cowboy hats and chaps, sporting shaved faces and
skulls, trimmed beards and hair, tatoos and dongles, or ultra-chic hybrids
of all, to match the well-dressed opportunities fronted by gaggles of
natsec-cum-privacy oriented NGOs, press and press-agents eager to
advise, teach and crypto-party to the world's natsec-privacy combo
Sign on by just repeating technology will figure out how to do the
combo -- by cheating and deception, rigging standards, relishing
NDAs and secretkeeping while faking canaries and openness.

@_date: 2016-01-13 18:21:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US State Of New York to Ban Encrypted Screenlocked Phones 
References: "New York can and should lead the nation in protecting its citizens, and
in responding to the misguided and dangerous attempts by digital device
manufacturers to turn digital devices into virtual safes that, being
beyond the reach of law enforcement, are havens for criminals.  Revela-
tions in the recent past about NSA surveillance and similar government
intrusions on privacy have made people acutely aware of threats to their
privacy. The goal of this bill is not to limit peoples' privacy.
Peoples' privacy is protected by the warrant requirement, as it always
has been. This bill would help to protect all New Yorkers."
We Love New York

@_date: 2016-01-14 12:51:32
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: US State Of New York to Ban Encrypted Screenlocked 
References: If crypto follows the gun model, there will be a lucrative business
bringing crypto-phones into New York. That will follow the US
crypto marketers flooding the globe through immensely flexible
export controls favoring the most criminal leaders kept in
power with US armaments.
In the end, New York is so deeply corrupted, legally and
illegally as Europe Asia Africa Anartica, the crypto controls
will be as great a business as controls on money, taxes,
sex, medicine, religion, education, sports, natsec, above
all, justice.

@_date: 2016-01-22 14:53:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Spy-by-Crypto 
DIRNSA said at Atlantic Council on 21 January that NSA spying ("intelligence")
and information protection (IAD) to be meshed. Separation not suitable for
current requirement.
Outside partners to aid dual tech: spy-by-crypto.

@_date: 2016-07-04 11:40:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Declaration of the End of Government Secrecy 
References: <20160704131813.GA852
 <577A7AFC.6010803

@_date: 2016-07-06 11:25:43
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Julian Assange:  
=?iso-8859-1?Q?ton]_is_a_problem_for_freedom_of_speech."?=
References: <20160706145148.GC30352
He means that anyone in power is a problem for freedom of speech.
Official secrecy is mandatory for official power, secrecy for power.
Note that WikiLeaks uses secrecy for its power to seduce and
withhold, as does media, as do institutions, and, lo, as do individuals.
Freedom of speech is necessarily asymmetrical, favors oneself,
disfavors others.
Freedom of speech has always been weaponized by secrecy.
BTW, the Clinton emails released by WikiLeaks is a dribble
promoted by many, many more, never fully disclosed, the latest
fashion of the dinky-leak-secrets industry.
she is a problem for freedom of speech."

@_date: 2016-07-08 05:32:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The Whistleblower Architects: surveillance, infrastructure, 
The Whistleblower Architects: surveillance, infrastructure, and freedom of information according to Cryptome (part 1)
The Whistleblower Architects: surveillance, infrastructure, and freedom of information according to Cryptome (part 2)

@_date: 2016-07-09 05:58:20
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Facebook Messenger adds end-to-end encryption. 
References:  <577FEFAE.3050806
 <801d11b3-abea-93ef-b172-bbe14504587b
 <57805a19.4da8370a.fae5f.7b28
 <20160709023938.GK30352
 <526917253.102739.1468039568540.JavaMail.yahoo
End-to-end encryption is reliable only if it begins and ends without
use of computers and networked transceivers and devices, operating
systems and systems administration, electromagnetism and
algorithms, ISPs and packets.
Each of these are vulnerabilities, not unlike Tor, anonymization,
VPN, OTR, any method widely promoted and recommended.
The more widely known and adopted the less like to be secure.
So Facebook fails the same way Crypto-AG failed, and those
developed in between.
Cybersecurity is on a roll, given extra boost by Snowden releases
(limited as they are by his "do no harm to the USA") and his
continuing boosterism from protection of the other world
policeman out to make sure no encryption is invulnerable.
Currently all states are promoting limited cybersecurity in various
see-through couture but never disclosing what the states use
for hiding most-secret comsec. Snowden, among many in
the ballooning cybersec field, never advocates full disclosure,
and in that ancient way, protect their state-sanctioned privileges,
in RU as in 5-Eyes.
Facebook is regulated by the USG and through it other nations
so not likely to place its survival above that of customers. But it
certainly uses the language of customer protection pretty much
identical to all the 74 amici which jumped on board Apple's
grandstanding fight against USG, settled secretly.
Official secrecy continues to be the primary vulnerability of
cybersecurity and public comsec. No nation can survive
without it, nor can any state-regulated entity.
Without top secret code word privilege nobody is secure.
And those with that privilege willingly harm the populace
by lying and cheating and disinforming. Snowden fits that,
probably entrapped to do so by his media handlers who
dare not challenge the states which privilege media.

@_date: 2016-07-16 11:45:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: schneier's concentration camp 
References: <57893eb1.822dc80a.fdcf8.19a9
 <5789A364.9060509 <20160716031608.GO16437
 <5789ADAB.5030001 <20160716051958.GP16437
 <578A4E1D.9070001
The purpose of cpunks is to host aggressive messages others
with thin skins, reputations, profits, ideologies and egos to protect
Which may explain why deleters appear absent here (many are ghosts)
but do lurk or have lurkers and protection agents watching for slightest
challenge, keeping lists for covert anonymized retribution -- for worst
offenses, extermination -- following the lead of nations and religions.
Moderated fora, Wikipedia the prime example, Tor a slight one, cannot
abide misbehavior or funding will be squeezed or shut down. Govs, NGOs.
coms, are moderated to assure survival of banality as cover for brutality.
Celebrity is moderation, and might be better called tampering.

@_date: 2016-07-24 19:58:19
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Fwd: [ PFIR ] Clinton campaign -- and some cyber experts 
References: Long sigs indicate the writer has forgotten what is automatically
inserted after the nym, or wishes to disavow vanity when it is
no longer needed to overcome depression and self-loathing
with narcissim of outdated accomplishments. Ads for oneself
with every message is the root cause of climate change and
the rise of terrorism and wretchedly inept comsec.
Schneier's Crypto-gram the most bloated adverselfie,
SM nothing but fatuous sigs.
Cypherpunks, OTOH, is pure hygienic content, never a cross word

@_date: 2016-06-22 09:20:01
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: comprehending the heart's nationalism 
References: <20160622114123.GN29643
That's pretty damn good. Thanks.
Although every nation, cult, gang, mafia has a similar rationale.
 Now
 because the Slavic and Russian way of
 gazing in wonder at other nations, getting along
 

@_date: 2016-06-23 07:45:02
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Publicly Usable Secure Rooms 
References: <576BB668.2040108
Excellent initiative. Candidates: libraries, toilets, gyms, taxis, subways,
buses, airplanes, schools, colleges, offices, factories, farms, deserts,
Banned in all government, military, spy, facilities along with official secrecy.
Banned in top level corporate offices and board rooms.
Banned in finance, investment, SWIFT, banking.
Banned in advertising, public relations, fund-raisers, political campaigns.
Banned to leaders, celebrities, the famous, the heroic, award winners.
Banned to opinionators, moderators, censors, redactors, media.
Banned on cypherpunks except Hettinga who gets what he wants unfettered,
unfiltered, uncontaminated.

@_date: 2016-06-23 17:33:31
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Publicly Usable Secure Rooms 
References: <576BB668.2040108
Portable SCIFs have been around for decades, tent-size and desk-top:
More compact and emanation-resistant now. Carry your own.
Entrepreneurs would offer curb-side service, like food carts, or larger
like waste shredders and blood test labs. Yarping and texting on cellphones
in the open, believing privacy policies, faith in crypto, wi-fi, ISPs, VPNs,
HTTPS, Tor, clouds, IoT, is day-dreaming, making sellers rich.
Anything that encourages and supports self-security instead of products,
standards, official protectors, is the right direction.
Quietly clumsy beats drum-beating authorities ever compromising their
users for cohorts.
SCIFs leak, sure, rig fixes, test, retest, minimize use of EMR devices,
don't bet your life on any security, homebrew or top 10.
Have a nice day.

@_date: 2016-06-26 17:11:36
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Wikileaks is the Endgame 
References: <604DFEB9-86FC-47E1-A357-C4B05A94479D
 <5770427b.4b2ac80a.3c626.535b

@_date: 2016-03-04 07:09:22
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USG v. Apple - Amici Applications Through 3 March 2016 
(179 pp, 20MB)
Few of the applications have been ordered by the court. Thumbnail
descriptions provide rationale for each case.
Most are lazy, thin and repetitious in argument, not much that's new
from previous battles.
Faintheatedness suggests riskless PR is the intent, or worse, fear
of antagonizing the biggest customer for crypto, govs, reduxing
all crypto strutting, mock battles, gov-com-org business conducted
in secrecy, public left to believe duplicitous comsec mandated by
natsec, or not, usually not.

@_date: 2016-03-05 06:17:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Lavabit's and Snowden's Solos 
Lavabit's brief for Apple has the gutsiest skin in the game, going solo,
no joining a pack. None of the fattest of strutting corporate cats rushed
to defend Lavabit against absence of FBI corporate-coddling,
Congress-stroking, corraling the frightened herd for taking down
mavericks like Lavabit and Snowden.

@_date: 2016-03-06 10:28:55
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The rewards of frenzied comsec-shopping should be a pardon for Snowden 
NY Times surmises NSA does not want to reveal its crypto
cracking capabilities, that the FBI hopes unskilled users will
make exploitable mistakes implementing, that DoD hopes
to exploit holes, doubt and errors rather than see them
corrected, that hackers and corporations expect to continue
to sell 0-days for high prices, that Obama staff has mixed
views of weak and strong comsec, that the US hacks both
friends and foes, engages in cyber defense and offense,
all this feeding opportunistic and obliging media fanning flames
with anonymous sources, secret briefings, revolving door
job offers of op-eds, essays, speeches, testimonies and
spy-approved tattle-tales. Essential to crypto fire-storm is
fueling a fire-sale Snowden 0-day attribution. The rewards
of this frenzied comsec-shopping should be a pardon for
Snowden, along with a life-time free travel in search of
anywhere crypto is not needed, just his word comms
are good to go naked.

@_date: 2016-03-10 16:22:56
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USG Support of Motion to Compel Apple Decrypt, iPhone Forensics 
USG v. Apple - USG Support of Motion to Compel Apple Decrypt  (484 pp, 11MB)
FBI agent details Farook's iPhone forensics, Apple discussions

@_date: 2016-03-11 13:26:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Apple Attorneys Move to Join CA and NY Cases  
USG-Apple EDNY - Apple Attorneys Move to Join CA and NY Cases
 31-034.pdf

@_date: 2016-03-11 18:15:03
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Apple Attorneys Move to Join CA and NY Cases 
References: Correction: this is not a joining of cases, only an Apple request for extension of time to respond and filing of pro hac vices by 3 CDCA attorneys in EDNY. No way will the CA and NY attorneys plot together, absolutely not. All the attorneys and eagle eyes who objected to our title unanimously agree, offensively and defensively, a couple irately, guiltily. But some of those have a stake in the furious practice of PHVs.
Shortly thereafter USG filed an objection to the extension of time:

@_date: 2016-03-13 07:30:40
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Apple in EDNY added as interested party in another iPhone case in EDNY 
Apple in EDNY added as interested party in another iPhone case in EDNY
 (151 pp, 10MB)
Magistrate Judge James Orenstein:
The Clerk of Court shall add Apple Inc. as an interested party in United States v. Feng. All documents must be filed on both dockets. (Brodie, Margo) (Entered: 03/12/2016)

@_date: 2016-03-15 20:08:30
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Apple Reply to USG Opposition to Vacate Decrypt 
Apple Reply to USG Opposition to Vacate Decrypt, March 15, 2016
 (351 pp, 22MB)

@_date: 2016-03-16 17:13:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Lavabit's and Snowden's Solos 
References:  <56E9BBE7.4050507
Ladar Levison challenges USG misuse of Lavabit case:

@_date: 2016-03-16 20:39:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USG v. Lavabit-Snowden Files Unsealed 
USG v. Lavabit-Snowden Files Unsealed:
 (560 pp, 140MB)
Precursor to USG v. Apple.

@_date: 2016-03-17 06:41:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Ladar Levison Describes USG Abuses in USG v. Lavabit 
Ladar Levison Describes USG Abuses in USG v. Lavabit
Precursor to USG-Apple abuses.

@_date: 2016-03-18 08:52:35
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USG-Apple - 3/22/16 Hearing Procedures, Add 3 USGs 
USG-Apple - 3/22/16 Hearing Procedures, Add 3 USGs

@_date: 2016-03-19 10:48:44
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Apple engineers... Will they (snigger) crack under pressure 
References:  <20160318180200.4B227A06D95
Marc Zwillinger, top tech lawyer for Apple in several cases, is an ex-DoJ top tech lawyer.
Several of the Apple and amici lawyers are ex-USG, a stepping onto the golden stone -- a la Snowden  Inc. -- to higher public service of just-us legally empowered spy-technoids rewards.
All sharks are dual-hatted officers of the court, government agents and spies, with privileged access to ex parte, sealed, classified, in camera, judge's chambers, bar associations, commissions, panels, perks-comped and liquid-and-teen-sex fueled retreats and sojourns (flyaways from top law perches to hottie climates), ghost-writing, talking-heads, media advisors, why, momma mia, jumping the sharks is the lawful spying profession's motto.
Engineers are not only dual-hatted, but verily Methusalaic with cascading, fast-changing head gear to fit the opportunities to engineer the fuck out of the public with godawful PR-slathered technology, science, math, human experiments, climate trashing, harmful environmental remediation, and, ah ha, literally grandmotherfucking encryption and cybersecurity not worth shit. Pardon our don't give a fuck for Job's protege >1% Tim Cook is so cocksure mouthing in chorus with his duplicitously greedy sharks, venal managerial engineers and advertising geniuses are glossing "on behalf of the public's right to privacy" (except from predatory USG, Apple and amici conspiring to keep secrets and sealings from the iYokels).

@_date: 2016-03-21 18:48:53
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USG moves to vacate hearing tomorrow due to possible method to 
USG moves to vacate hearing tomorrow due to possible method to unlock iPhone

@_date: 2016-03-21 20:43:23
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USG-Apple Hearing Vacated, Decrypt Order Stayed 
The court and counsel conferred regarding the government's Ex Parte Application
for a Continuance (docket no. 191). Based on the good cause shown in that application,
and based on Apple's nonobjection to vacating the hearing, the court ORDERS:
1. The hearing in this matter set for March 22, 2016 at 1:00 p.m. is
2. As there is presently uncertainty surrounding the government's need for
Apples's assistance, the court's February 16, 2016 Order Compelling Apple, Inc. to
Assist Agents in Search, in case number ED 15-451-M, is hereby stayed, pending further
submissions in this case; and
3. The government is ordered to file a status report by April 5, 2016.
Docket No. 191:

@_date: 2016-03-21 20:54:41
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [cryptography] USG moves to vacate hearing tomorrow due to 
References:  <005c01d183c5$ceb6d6a0$6c2483e0$
Would Apple be the outside party? As in its offshore stashing of foreign revenue as foreign entity?

@_date: 2016-03-22 18:32:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USG-Apple Oral Proceedings Transcript 21 March 2016 
USG-Apple Oral Proceedings Transcript 21 March 2016

@_date: 2016-03-23 11:58:47
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Israeli company contracts to US for Cellie Data Extraction 
References: <56F2B6B4.4010003
Cellebrite (IL) outlines its phone hack tech in a copyright suit against competitor Oxygen (RU).
According to the suit both firms sell phone hack tools to USG agencies. Suggests phone hacking is as lucrative as 0-days and bug bounties. Dirty-fingernailed hackers getting so celebrated they may become fancy barbered and removed-tats l0phties angling for photoshopped slick mag portraits with Naked Celeb Perps Assange, Snowden, Dotcom.

@_date: 2016-03-23 14:57:21
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cellebrite describes 10 steps to hack a Blackberry and other 
Cellebrite describes 10 steps to hack a Blackberry and other tips

@_date: 2016-03-29 06:35:37
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Cryptography] USG Moves to Vacate Apple Decrypt Order 
References: USG wins by assault, PR, obscurity, secrecy, and sanctification of the justice-court system.
No substantiation yet of USG access to Farook's phone. The claim could be a ploy to raise doubt about Apple security, and have the same effect as if access was successful. This would
take the public and political pressure off USG without having to disclose how access was obtained. As well as improve USG reputation for prowess, determination and triumph.
Deception, lies, bluffs and ploys are obligatory in legal proceedings and all stripes of security. Doubt, braggardy, obscurity and secrecy are essential features of defensive and aggressive security whether governmental, commercial or personal.

@_date: 2016-03-29 20:11:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: USG-Apple Orders to Assist Search and Decrypt Vacated  
USG-Apple Orders to Assist Search and Decrypt Vacated

@_date: 2016-05-10 06:52:57
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
References: <017201d1aa83$232378e0$696a6aa0$
At 02:13 AM 5/10/2016, Greg Moss imposter phished:
Which produces:
Web attack: Microsoft OleAut32 RCE CVE-2014-6332

@_date: 2016-05-10 10:57:54
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
References: <017201d1aa83$232378e0$696a6aa0$
Great, "Greg." Log on to the IP address, click on journal. Prepare to buy new
hard disk, hopelessly try to clean out back-ups, avoid for life the suckers
you infected.
Then try to get out of jail from the phishing gangsters who entrapped you
by getting into your TEMPEST-hardened computer setup and threatening
to send to your relatives and customers their implanted vile kiddie porn
collection as if yours and report to the FBI "Greg's" vast cache of stolen
celebrity accounts and hundreds of nyms, Tor logs, USG break-ins,
counterfeit Bitcoins, comsec dirty work, rattings to LE, and, listen, hear
what's buzzing over your bunker. battering your steel gate.

@_date: 2016-05-15 09:44:13
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cypherpunks: Renegades, Risk Takers - Smart, Provocative Entertainment 
Risk is a fresh take on the renegades, the cypherpunks, the risk takers.
First Look Media announced today that Laura Poitras' new feature film Risk will have its world premiere at the Cannes Film Festival's 48th Directors' Fortnight (Quinzaine des Ralisateurs). This dramatic documentary with a cypherpunk spirit reveals the stakes and opportunities of truth-telling and finds Poitras embedded with Julian Assange over the past five years. Risk is her highly anticipated follow-up to Citizenfour, Academy Award winner for Best Documentary. Risk is produced by Praxis Films in association with First Look Media and Field of Vision. World sales will be handled by Josh Braun of Submarine.
First Look Media is a new-model media company devoted to supporting independent voices across all platforms, from investigative journalism and documentary filmmaking to smart, provocative entertainment. eBay founder and philanthropist Pierre Omidyar launched First Look in 2013 with the belief that independent perspectives are vital to a vibrant culture and thriving democracy. First Look operates as both a studio and digital media company.

@_date: 2016-05-21 09:14:10
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [FORGED] Fascism, Nazism, Henry Ford's successful sueing 
A Rich Man's Trick'
References:  <9A043F3CF02CD34C8E74AC1594475C73F4C86A4B
Dear Age Sages Robert and Peter.
Got proof?
An Ancient

@_date: 2016-05-21 18:02:14
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [FORGED] Fascism, Nazism, Henry Ford's successful sueing 
A Rich Man's Trick'
References:  <9A043F3CF02CD34C8E74AC1594475C73F4C86A4B
 <3745A69F-4C7B-444C-B328-62B3AB80D567
Nice polemic. With deep respect for both titans of history, economics and
metaphysics, lipsmacked with earnest opinion, I beg m'lords, for tiny eye-time,
a screenshot of a tangible, physical shard of evidence to substantiate learned
alleged long ago imaginary happenings. Say, a gnawed ankle, a dirt-packed
bowel, a petrified turd, a skull showing insertion of tiger-tooth fact and
sucked dry of bloody ideological superiority.
This is stanky cypherpunks, not a Mar a Lago butler SM account.
) or plundering proto-warlord
