
@_date: 2000-09-14 19:14:59
@_author: Private User 
@_subject: CDR: fun and games with SDMI 
Linux users say SDMI contest a trick      By Lisa M. Bowman, ZDNet News
     Some Linux lovers say the record industry is using them
     as a free consulting service to improve SDMI encryption.
     Some members of the Linux community are rejecting the
     record industrys request to help it create a more secure technical lock on its
     digital music.
     The Linux Journal is sponsoring a boycott of the Secure Digital Music Initiative hacking
     challenge, which starts Friday and promises to pay $10,000 to any hacker who strips out
     the watermark from a digital song.
                     SDMI is a technology initiative launched by the record companies
                     to crack down on piracy. In the coming weeks, SDMI will try out a
                     variety of security measures, with plans to eventually adopt a
                     hacker-tested technology that will prevent people from playing
                     bootleg songs on SDMI-compatible hardware.
                     However, some Linux lovers say the record industry is only using
                     the hackers as a "free consulting" service to help it crack down on
                     legal uses of music in the future, in an attempt to exert
                     unprecedented control over when and where people play songs.
                     The Linux Journal is urging readers to sign a letter saying they wont
                     play along.
     "Thanks, SDMI, but no thanks. I wont do your dirty work for you," the letter states. "I
     will not help test programs or devices that violate privacy or interfere with the right of fair
     use."
     People who sign the letter will agree that they will never make a bootleg copy of a
     recording, but will only play one copy at a time in different devices, an action thats legal
     under the concept of fair use, but may be hard to follow in these days of rampant digital
     file swapping.
     In a sense, the open sharing of information that has allowed the Linux community to
     mushroom is directly at odds with the motives of traditional entertainment companies,
     which want to lock down their content.
     PR stunt
     Ironically, the entertainment industry in the past has sued people whove tried to reverse
     engineer their encryption technology -- the same act SDMI is now asking them to perform
     during the hacking contest.
     Linux Journal technical editor Don Marti, one of the boycotts organizers, said the goal is
     to thwart what he called "SDMIs PR stunt."
     "Why are freedom-loving people supposed to do free consulting work for an organization
     that wants to take away our freedom?" he asked.
     SDMI officials were not immediately available for comment.
