
@_date: 2015-07-10 12:25:36
@_author: ksenia bellman 
@_subject: cypherpunks Digest, Vol 25, Issue 9 
References: on the topic of Bitcoin philosophical musings and pressures:
There unusually a lot of btc discussion on the list lately: technical (the
fork), philosophical and practical.
On the philosophical/political side: btc is great, I like it, I use it,
but, come on, we all know that by design (increasing difficulty of the
chain and proof-of-work system) btc is determined to be a space race.
Before you can maintain the network with simple hardware, and get btc for
it, now you have to be a mining rig. We know that btc is good for P2P
financial transactions, but the first important question now is:
How do you earn bitcoin? (as an individual, you can't mine, if you are not
a programmer or a designer, how do you earn btc?)
It becomes less and less of a question how do you spend btc, but still,
unless I mined a lot in the past or bought it for cash, where do I get it?
Secondly, the rhetoric we hear often in the mainstream btc discussion is
"it is a solution for banking the Unbanked" This talk is obviously dodgy -
lets say "the unbanked wants to be banked" if you have an account with
nothing in it, and no way of filling it in, there is no point.
The only good thing about btc walled vs bank account when its empty is that
there is no one is proposing you to get an overdraft or a loan. But still,
empty btc wallet is pretty useless.
Rather decent response to poitical btc frenzy I found in this post -
Another mainstream talk is: its not about bitcooin, it is all about
blockchain technology. Thats correct, it can be useful for some stuff. But
what drives me up the walll is a hype around it mixed with vagueness. "We
can build all this amazing socio-technical systems with it" and very
rarely, amongst general public (not blockchain devs) you come across
concrete ideas of a design. What exactly does this weird data structure
does in a very specific social context? What are exact detailed functions
it has, how does it integrates with other layers - software and hardware.
So the talk "some devs will write cryptographically verifiable scripts for
us which interact on the blockchain and it will give the world some cool
ways of interaction" is just dangerous. Similar rhetoric brought humanity
things such as Facebook.
The only thing which i consider right in the blockchain discussion that
"ok, it allows adding some features to a system that can be useful in some
particular cases"
On the technical side: fork, xt-code etc - I would like to organise and
stream a panel discussion on WCN channel soon-ish. I dont want to turn cypherpunk list into a Bitcoin Talk
:) but will ping a link here and the time we will schedule it.
