
@_date: 2001-10-22 12:09:28
@_author: Hotwire 
@_subject: Message from Hotwire CEO, Karl Peterson 
Dear Joe,
When we launched Hotwire a year ago, our goal was to make it easy and affordable for anyone to travel. This month, on our anniversary, I'm proud to say that getting a great deal at Hotwire is easier than ever. New site design and features
Our site is better. We've got a new look and expanded help features that make it easier for you to get better travel deals. Today, our specially negotiated Hot-Fares(sm) and Hot-Rates(sm) are lower than they've ever been, saving you even more on travel. Same-day hotel and car reservations
You can now make same-day hotel and car rental reservations (as late as 6 p.m. for hotels and within two hours of pick-up for cars), which can really help with last-minute trips! You'll also see the amenities each hotel offers before you buy, so you can choose the one that's best for you. Getting the right hotel at the right price has never been easier. So check out our site and let me know what you think about the changes. And as always, if you need immediate assistance with your travel plans or purchases, our Customer Care team is ready to help. Visit our new site at: We are committed to providing you with the best deals on quality travel. We look forward to your visit and we hope your Hotwire experience is a valuable and satisfying one. Sincerely, Karl Peterson
CEO, Hotwire karl.peterson at hotwire.com
P.S. I've really enjoyed reading your Hotwire travel stories. Here are a couple of great Las Vegas deals I just heard about - Warren from Greensboro, NC, bought two plane tickets for $224 each (and saved $373). Rob booked a 5-star hotel on the strip for $74. Keep those stories coming! New site design and features: Same-day hotel and car reservations: Customer Care: Flights: Hotels: Car Rentals: ------------------------------------------------------------------- If you would like to change your email address or want to be removed from our list, simply use the link provided below:
