
@_date: 1997-07-13 09:06:29
@_author: Kunt Cribspin 
@_subject: Tim's research 
I think it was nice of you to take your own time to help Kent not
be so stoopid. He should appreciate it instead of calling you an
asshole since he is lazy and you are not.
I am not lazy and I don't mind doing my own work to find stuff with
a searcher engine but I need help and I thought I would ask you since
you are so helpful and smart with searcher engines.
I lost my pencil. I thought it was on the desk but I looked there,
and underneath it and everything and in the kitchen and I checked
in the couch cushions and the bathroom and I still can't find it.
Can I use the searcher engine to find it? Once I heard about a
cipherpuck list guy that had to use a searcher engine to find his shoes so I thought maybe I could use one to find my pencil.
I can't remember my email number but I'm on AOL so when you answer
me you can just go there and ask around if anyone knows me.
Kunt Cribspin
ps -- If Camel has to give up the Camel then does Kool have to give
up the Penguin? Do the people who make poison have to give up the
skull and crossbones guy? A lot of the kids like to be him on halloween so I guess he would be a bad influence and kids will
drink poison to be like him.
  Hey, about crypto! Why don't you just call your crypto ^art^, like
movies are? Then you could put foreign subtitles on it or ^dub^ it
on the outside with other words and if the cops complain that it doesn't match what is inside then you can tell them that the in
the movies the words don't match the people's lips and ^that's^ not
a crime for chrissake!
  I told my uncle about making cryto into art and he had a good
idea (it's funny).
  He said when the cops complain that they don't understand what
the crypto says that you can offer to tell them what it is about.
  Then you stand back and look at it from a couple different angles
and then you look at them while sweeping your arms around in the air
like a beatnik and you say, "It's about man's inhumanity to man."
