
@_date: 1993-08-12 02:28:07
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: On The Inherent Evil of Electronic Democracy 
Actually I believe the answer is neither electronic democracy nor
representative government...I will settle for making government
so inefficient and bumbling to as have no 'real' effects on
its victims, ah, I meant to say "citizens". I believe that
my so called brother will always seek to pick my pocket so
I will settle for simply strait jacketing my govermental
opposition by increasing the rate of change in street tech available
till shock sets in...I ma far more practical I suspect then most in this     cheers
    kelly

@_date: 1993-08-12 03:48:08
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: Key-Escrow (black) Humor 
(intelligence)
a[deleted for reasons of National Security]: if [deleted for reasons of National Security] told [deleted for reasons of National Security],
[deleted for reasons of National Security] would have to [deleted for reasons of National Security] [deleted for reasons of
National Security] .
    cheers
     [deleted for reasons of National Security]

@_date: 1993-08-13 02:53:28
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: Second Tier remailers ... 
To All,
       The idea of second tier remailers may be MUCH more palatable to all to
run as they add more hops in the chain... as they dont introduce such a visible
liability to the operator they could possibly be a LOT easier to propagate
than first tier remailers. One additional facility neede is the ability
to recognize a signed and/or encrypted control message to update their
remailer maps from a periodic posting...maybe this last needs a lot of thought.
   cheers
   kelly

@_date: 1993-12-28 17:32:35
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: Cheap Cruise Missles(Was Re: GPS and security 
No suicide pact necessary.... the flight control deck of many modern
airliners is Totally fly by wire... there are different communications
protocols and buses... all controlled by eprom driven micros ...
as well as the loaded flight plans... while NOT trivial is is completelyt
within the realm of reason to be able to freely subvert say the
inputs coming from the navigational subsystems to divert said craft as
well as locking off external inputs(e.g. pilots). A
757 or Airbus  coming in at 300-600 knots with a 1/4 to 1/2 fuel load
makes a very respectable cruise missle... the passengers merely being
"collateral damage". To a more limited degree replacement and subversion
of the eproms in a modern days car's Engine control module has
already been done... witness rechipping for performance...
the same can be done for more malicious actions...
As far as the 757 flight control deck software issue... its only a matter of
time... ANY computer controlled conveyance can be subverted...
elevators, robot factories etc... ALL of the control and telemetery
protocols are currently unprotected...
The other trend is the new environmental control systems for HVAC, security
etc used in modern skyscrapers... cracking and subverting one of these
could be just as disruptive as a cruise missle while not taking lives...
     Happy New Years
     kelly...
BTW more and more modern cities are installing control systems tied into
relatively unprotected display systems(i.e. little or no security and
no encryption) the utilities are just as guilty I wonder how long
it will be before the terrorists get a clue...

@_date: 1993-02-18 12:50:01
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: Chip Level Back Doors 
Actually I would like to respond to this one, from a technical level
silicon compilers use a process known as auto_insert logic,
this a a process where known gate libraries are automatically
inserted in the design of a chip, a gate level trapdoor may then be
created by designing a multiple level interdiction program, (virus
tech immediately came to mine on this one do to my work in
both the MS-DOS and Unix virus/security area, the first attack is
on the base OS that the OS for the cad package, generally its some variety of
Unix(tm), next the CAD package that manages the chip design, and finally the
silicon compiler itself, now while all these steps are essentially
trivial to an informed engineer in the business they are
essntially opaque to those outside of the design/foundry end for chip
design, could they be attacked in this fashion to create a gate level backdoor
??? With a modest investment intime and money by an attacker no,doubt
if he subverts an engineer on the project of interest.,-- whish could be at
the CAD software ivendor, the OS vendor for the cad platform,
now while design verification techniques are used in most chip houses
it should be relatively trivial to bypass that
given the complexity of todays designs... is it possible?? damn right,
Has it happened yet ??? I wouldnt know you tell me...
I worked on the CAD end, the OS end, and the Silicon compiler end
as well as having the skills needed to the the open holes in the whole
process... finding out a chip design had been
compromised wouldnt surprise me in the least...
A Chip level backdoor to reach into the middle of a running systems and grab
public keys is another magnitutde of complexity above what
we are
discussing on the gate level... is it possibile? most certainly...
It would cost immensely however, and would require the coorperation
or subversion of several steps in the chain  A LOT more code has to
be hidden in those auto_insert libraries and the
design verification process has to be MUCH more widely compromised,
and I believe performance hits WOULD be detectable at the end user level
       WHAT do YOU  think
       cheers
       kelly

@_date: 1993-02-19 11:23:14
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: toad.com mailing list postings from possible virus authors (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
  BY Jove I think you have hit it, People go nto the military because
they have an inner need to be controlled and to control to the point of violence if need be( for the military in general and the
 army , marines and and special intelligence agencies>, they are after all as their prime mission capable of extreme violence and the
taking of human life, as a means of social control.
Law enforcement seems to have very similiar mentality as well,
with CONTROL being the agenda and reason for existance-- Suppose we think of guerilla products such as PGP and anoynmous
posting mechanisms and forwarders  in their larger social sense
As behaviour modification for those who would have our privacy
as well as our lives. No social insult is intended by this message about
mr peterson or the military /intelligence/police community.
We should remember however that with the same body of individuals
as just described we are dealing with seriously maladjusted
individuals who have an inate need to control others,
such has been adequately demonstrated by the individuals
attempted supression of Murdering Thug's constitutionally
protected speech, instead of taunting them maybe we should be
finding ways to prevent our tax dollars from
supporting them in their evil OBSCENE fantasies of violence and Control
I for one am DAMN TIRED of being censored supressed and persecuted
by the military/Law Enforcement/Intelligence community . I
am also putting my time in next project with peace/activist/political
groups such as the christic action peace groups(you know the folks
who use to sue the fed over intelligence abuses by the CIA/NSA/DEA/DIA
crouwd) Well i their national organization was wiped out by lawsuit by bush and and company and changes in their tax status. These were and are the same
people suing the CIA over the La-penca bombing in honduras of
Journalists during the times of the contras in Nicgura. They while their
agenda is a good bit more political than ours have been the only ones for years
keeping the federal government at bay by lawsuit.
They need technical assistance, hookins to peacenet and Econet and general help,
considering the widespread nature of the problem
we are fighting here maybe we should consider very actively
promultagating PGP and DC style anoymous networks among the
pease/political/human rights group. It would provide
convenient crypto-noise of PGP messgaes and greatly increase
the amount of money that the federal government has to spend investigating and
force them to spread themselves even more thinly...:)
It should also be remembered that the primary impact of products like
PGP and DC style nets beyond the privacy implications is economic.
Investigating citizens cost real tax dollars, the intelligence
oversight committees are not going to let the NSA et al keep
asking for more money year after year and the same
holds true for the law enforcement community, where a witch hunt was possible
before public domain crypto systems such as PGP were available, now
because of the blackout in communications to the intelligence community, they are getting very nervuous, people can now communicate secretly
about the best way to end the influence of a massively overbloated
cold war community and stop paying the bills for same...
if you were in THEIR shoes wouldnt you be seeking ways to keep
ATLAS from shrugging???
     cheers
      kelly
P.s. sorry for the long and drawn out nature and the rambling style
and the non-techical content, and I do feel it was important to express myself in the fashion I have...

@_date: 1993-02-19 12:07:36
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: Defending Free Speech and Liberty (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
 Count a vote in for viruspunks... I too wish to keep cipherpunks clean
even though I love viruses and I wish to have a pure thread about
applied crypto and anonymity techniques...

@_date: 1993-02-19 12:43:43
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: Spreading Encryption to Political Groups (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
As a further note I have been in communication with John Dinardo
who has been spreading a LOT of information of this type
around the net and who was responsible for my personal
awareness of the PROMIS/INSLAW/BCCI/Cabazon affair , A reporter
named Danny Casarlo lost hist life in the middle of this,
The investigative journalist and whistleblower community
has many among it who would come forward if onyl
a anonymity guranteed by technology(not by a sysadms promise not to look)
type of network such as David Chaums thoughts express...
The information that could then come forth could make the effects
of crypto spread to the common man MUCH more pronounced and help
us put ALL of the cold warriors in therapy where
they so obviously need to be... JUST for the record I am a randist...
not a socialist AND it makes nodifference to me what a socialist
says he/she/it no matter what political stripe or pursuasion or
sexual orientation has an equal right of access to privacy and anonymity
if our constitution is to survive the onslaught of the federal intelligence
communitys move from the cold war to the drug war.
         cheers
         kelly

@_date: 1993-02-19 12:53:46
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: Spreading Encryption to Political Groups 
By the way thanks for your support and I LOVE your .sig
do you mind if I plagarize parts of it???     cheers
    kelly

@_date: 1993-02-19 13:24:17
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: Political reasons to spread Crypto(warning FLAME-BAIT) 
To All,
      For those of us who have chosen to stand up and be counted as leaders
in our electronic democracy, it is important  to remember the economic
impact activities and experiments such as the ones cypherpunks conduct
have on the social fabric of control that the government seeks to
have pervasive throughout our society. Leaders in other communities
such as the Black/Gay/Minorities/Women have been crushed, murdered/assasinated
and have had their rights trampled on by the Federal Intelligence community.
Buses such as COINTELPRO/MK ULTRA and other actions against american
citizens have been legion thoughout the existance of the federal
 intelligence community Their budgets for intelligense, spying, murder
are secret, so called black budgets and their activities among us have
been largely hidden being covered up by what ever means necessary.
The federal government has perverted virtuall every instrument,concept,iand
theory that has been handed it all in this insane reasoning of
"For reasons of National Security", Well I for one am DAMN sick
of seeing the constitution flushed down the drain by those marching
morons in their haste of expediency, I am damn sick of seeing my hard
 earned dollars go to support Wars of suppression in El Salvador and Brazil
where torture and Murder is both taught by the intelligence
community in this country and promulgated, Death squads and other
instruments of suppressiooon are still commonplace south of the border
and the DRUG war is now listed as the reason, GIVE ME A BREAK
what about the CIA retrofit base in Mena, Arkansas. What about
the contra/drug scandal. What About That damn rascal ex-president
BUSH, and dont think that means Clintons are any cleaner.
Well I for one am taking that stand I earlier suggested
and making DAMN sure this gets into all the hands of the
groups mentioned, as in my original publication of PGP 1.0
for Phil 2 years ago.... I am scared very scared, and
when I get scared I dont cower I fight back by whatever legal means are
left me... PGP and DC style protocols are effective LEGAL weapons
that have an extreme economic impact on the gathering of
illicit electronic intelligence by the federal intelligence community
from the citizens of this country and others in the political movements
WE as leaders in spreading this new technology to those groups
can have a very REAL WORLD effect in stopping murder, torture and political
supression. US readers have to be cautioned NOT to export Crypto technology from
 our borders telling others where to find it and how to set it up
and use it is PERFECTLY LEGAL however.
OK I will shut up now and let the flames roar!!!! :)
    A slightly agitiated CryptoAnarchist/Peace Activist/cypherpunk
    cheers
    kelly

@_date: 1993-02-19 15:55:44
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: Social effects of UNrestricted Crypto 
"What does the Federal Intelligence  Community Fear"
 President Bush in a little notice move during the height of the
Iraq war had a ceratin statute in the vast body of
(un)LAW that compromise the National Security Act.
It became a violation of that same act to publish a
photo or information about a federal intelligence community member.
Thus all their actions are effectively hidden from view. With
anonymous posting and forwarding mechanisms it becomes easily for whistle-bloweres and Political activists to circumvent that
antithesis to the 1st amendment of the constitution and
expose all of the hidden plots of a vastly overbearing federal bueracracy
 The Federal Government knows this fact as their actions regarding
cryptography for the past 40 years shows it. Cryptography has a very
REAL world effect in exposing corruption while preventing
or inviting retribution from those selfsame federal lawbreakers
Truly anonymous posting/forwarding networks being totally beyond their ability
to coerce/interdict or penetrate scare the living hell out of them.
Imagine a SUNDEVIL type federal operation(witchhunt) where ALL
of the defendents email/posting are either encrypted or anonymized
:) it would pose some very hard problems for the investigators(witchunters)
   what are your thoughts?
   cheers
   kelly
p.s. Imagine an federal investigation where the investigators
became the investigated with the help of anonymous networks
digitized video clips and photos and easily obtainable/
publicly available investigative Databases
oops is this forbidden speech also???
 better watch what I say the Godamn US ARMY may be listening!!

@_date: 1993-02-20 12:10:10
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: WHAT Can we do? 
OK So I am preparing a posting for
alt.activism, misc.activism.prog alt.activism.d and alt.conspiracy,
alt.anarchy and alt.society.revolution. As well as alt.native!!.
I also plan to spread these postings into peacenet and econet.
     I plan a Monograph series with titles such as
      How to get find and use PGP for political and non-technical types.
      How to use PGP for the Investigative reporter.
      How to use PGP and a PAX anonymous posting Mechanism to
      become a whistle blower.
      Political/Whistleblowing/Investigative uses of       David Chaum anonymous networks.
      101 Political uses for an Anonymous Remailer
      How to investigate and expose the investigators
      safely and easily via use of DC Networks
      and Investigative Databases.
      How to digitise Video and Still photos and
      spread them anonymously via DC style networks and
      PAX Encrypted Anonymous posting Mechanisms.
Ad nauseam, I need volunteers to work on the monograpghs and
people to proofread. Some of the soures I am using are
the Security, Anonymity and Privacy FAQ parts 1-3. And
at present although  PAX has been shutdown we can use combinations of
multihop anonymnous remailers and sites like the penet site in
finland to ensure anonymity. Sites and Volunteers are needed for
more remailers, PGP key Servers and PAX anonymous Posting mechanisms

@_date: 1993-02-21 18:09:47
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: Political and social action, cypherpunk assisted (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
 I agree completely John, in fact I have had a talk with Phil Z. and
have his best wishes in this area, one thing
that has come up recently is putting together COMPLETE
packages of Binaries of PGP for various platforms, along
with hopper email preparation scripts, programs to email
or otherwise get news to a newsgroup, or emailing list.
minimal configurations for the amove.
EASY installation scripts and/or instructions to install
and verify correct installation of same,
perhaps a Video could be prepared that could be distributed
throught the community cable channel network
or borrowable thought a public for the community station
could be arrange, the main thing I see is spreading this tech far and
wide first to the groups that have the most need of it and
then to the mainstream. A foreign site at present is best for the
complete packages because of US ITAR regulations, although
uncoercible platforms such as toad.com and hosts in the edu
domain could also be perhaps a contribution to the situation.
I see the CLEAR and  present DANGER if we dont start treading this
new legal ground quickly and establish legal precedent by action
and litigaion if need be. Our rights will be abridged and condensed so fast you
wont even be able to reply "thank you Mr. Webster" before
 people start assuming a Maxmillian code of Justice instead of the one granted
us by the US Constitution. I see Privacy and
anonymity as Inalienable rights reserved to the people under the 9th amendment.
 I also view the ITAR regulations classifying crypto as a weapon/munition
as putting crypto under the purview of the second amendment
under the right to keep and bear arms. I also hold that expression of free
thoughts feelings and the tangilbe manifestion of same
known as software to be forms of protected speech under the first amendment.
 As I am a member of society who always will test the letter of the law n these areas to the limit, I now realize that the socalled
crypto-war with the federal government has to have a broad base
of public support before we are adjudged criminals by the govt controlled
press in this country and have our rights trampled under like
the way all groups have had theirs trampled under by the govt.
I for one dont wish to wake up in some morning with some
federal agents gun stuck up my nostril such as happened in the
sundevil raids. RICO seizures are currently illegally used by
the federal lackeys to totally circumvent
all the protections of the bill of rights and to acquire
shamelessly computer hardware for local, state and federal law
enforcement agencies. Can you say THEFT!!.. Can you say Violation of the
4th amendment of the US Constitution!!
Oh DAMN!! I went and got passionately political again... OK
I will shutup... for now... besides I have to answer
all of this fascinating e-mail I seem to be getting...
And work on this document...
     cheers
     kelly

@_date: 1993-02-23 21:39:13
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: Newbie comments. (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
 Hi there,         well acutally at the network interface level all sorts of tricks are
available... for example at the smtp daemon level all
a snooper has to do is the following
telnet toad.com smtp
when the sendmail banner is seen then
VRFY cypherpunks
That will yeild yet another line referring to cypherpunks-real
which verifying will obtain ALL the mail addresses on this cypherpunks mailing
list... I have a small fragment of perl which does the same
trick recursively for every address on the cypherpunks mail list...
why did I write such a thing... well I am writing a mail list to PGP
key server extractor so I can automatically extract keys for members of
cypherpunks-real... I didnt think of the privacy issue until
some moments after I debugged the perl script and got it working...
Similiar open holes exist at EVERY level of the Network and associated
daemons and software, Johh and I have discussed this earlier via email
and he as well as I dont feel its a REAL exposure as the means to
protect yourself is well at hand...
AND yes ALL network traffic can theoretically be traced thats
when crackers and security admins start playing games with
connection laundries and firewall as well as early warning systems...
there are constraints to real world tracing... the Firewalls mailing
list at Firewalls at GreatCircle.COM discusses these and other
issues having to do with security at the network interface level
    cheers
   kelly

@_date: 1993-02-24 08:38:42
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: Poor Man's Anonymous Remailer (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
 it really doesnt work out... MANY ways are inherent in the scheme
to eventually match a face with an account. If you always pay
in cash, if you always where a mask(WAIT MASK??? well I think you get the IDEA)
credit cards will; eventually be traced and bank accounts discovered
unless one started taking their precautions before the information age...
now the only absolute privacy/anonymity will be the ones that can
insure it with technology
   cheers
    kelly

@_date: 1993-07-25 22:43:52
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: Tshirts(was Drug Joke 
As we are now engaged in a battle of wits with the opposition
who being non compos mentis, are effectively composed of legions
of armed illiterate thugs spoting the words national security
May I suggest shirts from H+H Enterpises which are a copy of the
bill of rights on back and the US Constition on front...
Maybe the "cypherpunks t-shirt us version could
be a listing of the U.S. Patent numbers on PKC's in the US
with a red slash circle overlaid(the somewhat universal
symbol of negation) on front
 with specific excerpts from the ECPA on the back
 possibly the 1st, 4, 5 and 9th amendments could also
be fitted in
What do you think...
(hmm mabe a pen vs sword motif?)
    cheers
    kelly
p.s. the effect of the above could be to remind the Agent Tim Foleys
of the world that we DO indeed have rights...

@_date: 1993-07-29 19:48:57
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: (fwd) Perfectly secure voice communication 
Path: netcom.com!netcomsv!decwrl!elroy.jpl.nasa.gov!usc!cs.utexas.edu!tamsun.tamu.edu!zeus.tamu.edu!nmrjock
Newsgroups: alt.privacy
Organization: Texas A&M University, Academic Computing Services
Lines: 14
Distribution: usa
NNTP-Posting-Host: zeus.tamu.edu
News-Software: VAX/VMS VNEWS 1.41    For anyone interested, i know of a company that sell (until it's illegal) a computer package that enables the user to communicate over normal phone lines
with complete (and i mean it) security.  it runs on a 386 or higher with a sounblaster card.  The encryption is up to triple DES encoding with user programmed keys (no record kept and no back doors for Big Brother or anyone
else to use).  It would take serious effort by the NSA and all of their supercomputers to decode a single transmission (assuming they could come up
with a 'hook', something this program is incapable of transmitting).
Inquire to:
SVC Inc.
P.O. Box 9512
College Station, TX 77842

@_date: 1993-06-03 20:28:17
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: (fwd) [comp.os.linux.announce] New loop devices, even with DES encryption 
Organization: NETCOM On-line Communication Services (408 241-9760 guest)
Path: netcom.com!netcomsv!decwrl!elroy.jpl.nasa.gov!usc!howland.reston.ans.net!agate!usenet
Newsgroups: comp.archives
Organization: Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH), Zurich, CH
Lines: 42
Sender: adam at soda
Approved: adam at soda
Distribution: world
References: <1993Jun1.201347.7433 at klaava.Helsinki.FI>
NNTP-Posting-Host: soda.berkeley.edu
X-Original-Newsgroups: comp.os.linux.announce
X-Original-Date: Tue, 1 Jun 1993 20:13:47 GMT
Archive-name: auto/comp.os.linux.announce/New-loop-devices-even-with-DES-encryption
Version 0 of the new loop devices patch is in
    tsx-11.mit.edu:/pub/linux/BETA/loop
and nic.funet.fi:/pub/OS/Linux/BETA/loop
The files are:
lo.0.tar.z	The loop devices patch
des.0.tar.z	DES-encryption for the kernel
Note: If you're FTPing from outside the U.S. or Canada, please get the
      DES patch from nic.funet.fi, because of the well-known US export
      restrictions.
(DES encryption is optional. The loop devices also work without it.)
Loop devices give you the ability to mount file systems from regular
files. Additionally, you can use them to have more than one file system
on one partition and to have transparent on-line encryption of all your
The loop devices patch is relative to ALPHA 0.99pl10, but it'll
probably work with 0.99pl9 and 0.99pl10 too. The DES patch should work
with any recent kernel.
This is a new implementation of loop devices by Theodore Ts'o, I'm just
maintaining the code. Unlike my old loop devices, which are also in some
versions of SLS, the new loop devices will continue to work after
variable block sizes are added to the kernel.
The DES code is derived from Eric Young's DES library. I originally
wanted to use UFC crypt, but its memory requirements make it a bit
difficult to handle. Maybe later.
- Werner

@_date: 1993-03-03 10:18:37
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: Wasted BAndwidth 
Forwarded message:
Well Ted I am not here to make ad-hominen attacks AND... there are a number of issues raised... Personal responsibility is a choice accepted by the person exercising
THEIR right of free speech... it is important to remember
that it is  and foremost a CHOICE... you CANT force an
attitude of personal responsibility
 Ted ,
who agrees with you are going to control how others use their machines
and software to ensure THEIR right of choice...
Sorry but the attitudes you personally espouse just dont wash in the real
world...Liability law is civil LAW... in most cases there are NO
treaties between countries for laws such as libel...
Anonymity will flourish... and in the VERY near future... it wont be
dependent on the good-will of a sysadm or a government...
there simply WONT be the means to control spread of anonymity tools
Your viewpoint brings to mind an OLD saying
"Those who would trade a little freedom for security deserve neither"
and I apologize if I have misquoted here...I am afraid the scam
of social control and responsibilty that you and others such as government practice and espouse is about over...
"may you have an Interesting life"
         cheers
         kelly
p.s. Atlas is shrugging

@_date: 1993-03-05 14:50:43
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: ANON POLICY: was I`m not 
Forwarded message:
 MUCH deleted
 Fortunately... Libel is a totally ineffectual law for attempting
to impose the kinds of censorship that Ted seems to be espousing.
Libel and slander laws are OFTEN used by the powers that be
(governmental, corporate etc) to silence the oppostion in
matters of human rights, ecology etc...
just because a charge of libel or slander
has been made doesnt mean that the charges are just or proper...
often it is merely an attempt to silence the opposition...
 The world of cyberspace crossing without form international
boundaries for now is a shield against censorship due to the
 complex legalities involved... remailers in seperate countries
careful chosen offer complete protection against Ted and his loyal opposition.
(your cabal ted... :) BTW: for me... control=censorship,interdiction etc...
              cheers
              kelly

@_date: 1993-03-05 16:03:33
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: VOICE PRIVACY: Internet av phones 
Forwarded message:
 would suggest a diffie-hellman key exchange protocol to ensure
non-recovery of the session key...
BTW at least your hearts in the right place Ted...
     cheers
     kelly

@_date: 1993-03-10 00:57:52
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: NSA TApping 
Xref: netcom.com sci.crypt:12315 alt.privacy:6117
Path: netcom.com!netcomsv!decwrl!waikato.ac.nz!aukuni.ac.nz!cs18.cs.aukuni.ac.nz!pgut1
Newsgroups: sci.crypt,alt.privacy
Organization: Computer Science Dept. University of Auckland
Lines: 26
The following appeared in the NZ Herald on March 4th - I thought it might be of
interest to sci.crypt and alt.privacy readers.  It backs up claims made in
places like "The Puzzle Palace":
"  A former MI6 officer told the Daily Express that US agents tapped royal
 calls on behalf of the GCHQ spy centre.
   Mr James Rusbridger told the paper two top-secret listening stations -
 operated by the NSA - illegally tap large numbers of private conversations
 from their bases in Cornwall and Yorkshire.
   'By getting the Americans to do it, the British Government is able to say
 truthfully, though misleadingly, that GCHQ does not tap domestic telephone
 calls', Mr Rusbridger said.
   'The reason the Government is resisting an official investigation into the
 tapping of royal conversations is that it would be forced to admit publicly
 that these American owned and controlled listening stations exist on UK soil'.
Incidentally, NZ has it's own NSA-controlled listening stations, the largest
being at Tangimoana on the South Island.
 pgut1 at cs.aukuni.ac.nz||p_gutmann at cs.aukuni.ac.nz||gutmann_p at kosmos.wcc.govt.nz
peterg at kcbbs.gen.nz||peter at nacjack.gen.nz||peter at phlarnschlorpht.nacjack.gen.nz
             (In order of preference - one of 'em's bound to work)
             -- C++ will do for C what Algol 68 did for Algol --

@_date: 1993-05-30 11:16:56
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: FWEE:  alt.whistleblower possibles 
Path: netcom.com!netcomsv!decwrl!uunet!digex.com!digex.net!not-for-mail
 I found this in alt.conspiracy and thought I would forward it to the list.... it looks like we may want to talk to these folks
     cheers
     kelly

@_date: 1993-05-30 11:16:57
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: TO SYSOP OF ALT.CONSPIRACY 
Path: netcom.com!netcomsv!decwrl!concert!news-feed-1.peachnet.edu!darwin.sura.net!howland.reston.ans.net!noc.near.net!nic.umass.edu!twain.ucs.umass.edu!not-for-mail
Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy
Organization: The Durex Blender Corporation
Lines: 15
References: <1t47om$el6 at access.digex.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: twain.ucs.umass.edu
Keywords: SYSOP ALT.CONSPIRACY QUESTION
        Well, alt.conspiracy has no moderator.  Post away.

@_date: 1993-11-08 02:13:36
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: tapping hardware? (was re: Mark Abene (Phiber Optik) sentenced) 
...
 NOTE when Tapping and recording FAX or Hi-Speed MODEMS...
A ANALOG recorder simply doesnt work....
 BUT A modern SONY DAT works beautifully...
 the analog recorders have too much flutter and wow to reproduce the signal
 faithfully
     cheers
     kelly...

@_date: 1993-11-20 16:52:10
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: Prosody Release Cancelled Under "NSA" Pressure 
Organization: NETCOM On-line Communication Services (408 241-9760 guest)
Xref: netcom.com sci.crypt:19346 talk.politics.crypto:1241
Path: netcom.com!csus.edu!csulb.edu!library.ucla.edu!europa.eng.gtefsd.com!howland.reston.ans.net!spool.mu.edu!nigel.msen.com!yale.edu!cmcl2!mcclb0!huff
Newsgroups: sci.crypt,talk.politics.crypto
Organization: NYU Medical Center, New York, NY 10016, USA
Lines: 43
Distribution: world
References: <931112.49291.KEITHWRITERS at delphi.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: mcclb0.med.nyu.edu
Followups to talk.politics.crypto
Technosys Press Release
For More Information, Contact:
Keith Boyle, marketing director
keithwriters at delphi.com
limetwig at mindvox.phantom.com
Mirrorshades & Prosody Release Cancelled
The scheduled release of Technosys' text composition program Mirrorshades
and text revision/encryption program Prosody has been cancelled because of
pressure from a governmental group claiming to be the National Security
Administration (NSA) wishing to prevent the release of Prosody as an
encryption program.
The "NSA" has expressed concern over the encryption method used by
Prosody. They feel that it may be using an encryption technology similar
enough to another method of natural language encryption that Prosody might
be able to be used to break that coding method. Therefore, they would like
Technosys to hand over all existing copies of the software, technical &
development notes, and software related to Prosody (i.e. Mirrorshades) for
their research.
Since the next step, if Technosys were to refuse, would be the seizure of all
of the above materials by search warrant and criminal charges, Technosys has
chosen to consent to their request and will cancel the release of these
However, THE MAN can't seize what's in our brain cells...
(Technosys is looking for good information law representation.
 Anyone interested?)

@_date: 1993-11-22 18:22:43
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: (fwd) Technosys, Prosody, the "NSA", and some unfunny BS passed off as a joke 
Path: netcom.com!netcomsv!decwrl!sdd.hp.com!math.ohio-state.edu!howland.reston.ans.net!noc.near.net!news.delphi.com!usenet
Newsgroups: talk.politics.crypto
Organization: Delphi Internet
Lines: 132
NNTP-Posting-Host: delphi.com
Never Rub Another Man's Rhubarb
or, Why Social/Reverse Engineering is NOT Cool
by Keith Eluard, Technosys
!	The Hoax
When I was planning to release Prosody and Mirrorshades, my text composition
programs, I was
expecting *some* backlash from governmental bodies because it would be possible
to transport
Prosody out of the US because I would send it via Internet. Fine. That was
expected and understood
when we were planning the whole shebang. With spin control, it could be good
advertising for us. "If
The Feds are scared of it, then it must be good..."
What we were NOT expecting was what happened: on 6 November 1993, our lawyer
received an
email from a person claiming to be "Jerome Marshall of the NSA" (National
Security Agency),
stating that all persons involved in the release of Prosody would be subject to
arrest and seizure of
property if all of our data and notes on the project were not turned over to
the "NSA". Two days
later, we received a physical letter on Department of Justice stationery
stating the same thing. A
confession: I'm not as Hip to the Clip as I should and so thought the NSA would
be under the DoJ.
We were advised by our lawyer (he wishes anonymity-i wish him my foot up his
butt) to comply.
And we were going to do just that until a fortuitous email from John Markoff
suggested that we
contact the NSA ourselves via the phonebook rather than the contact numbers
listed in the
It seems as if there is an ugly joke going on here, and I'm not amused by my
part in it.
The National Security Agency (informally and unofficially) claims that there is
no employee of the
NSA that should or would have contacted us, our lawyer, or anyone connected
with us about
Prosody, much less DEMAND OUR DATA. The contact we made at the NSA (I will not
reveal her
name as she cannot officially speak for the NSA) helped clear up some of the
confusion thrown in
our path:
on any accepted cryptographic method and do not pose any threat to anyone's
After discussing this with our new legal counsel, we have come to the
conclusion that this entire affair
was a practical joke in very bad taste or an attempt to steal the programs by
using the current
paranoia/hysteria that says ALL FEDS ARE BAD. Not that I saying they're good,
but they're not all
As I said before, I'm not amused...
@	What Will Happen
Our plan at Technosys is this: we will revise the code for Prosody and
Mirrorshades to completely
cripple the "encryption" factors and then release them as PD/shareware on the
internet. Meanwhile,
we will encourage everyone who we talk to as we float through c-space that they
join the EFF, or at
least find out their data rights on the Net. Also, we will work with any other
software developers out
there in on the Net to create a "Concerned Citizens Network" to help monitor
and prevent reverse
engineering/social engineering/outright theft of our programs. Eventually, we
will release a Natural
Language encryption program based on accepted RSA algorithms (ala PGP), but
only in physical
form (i.e. diskette) to prevent raising anyone's eyebrows.
All in all, about what we were going to do anyway...
#	What YOU Can Do
Lots of things. Join the EFF. Get involved with Computer Professionals for
Social Responsibility (if
applicable to you). Contact your system administration to find out exactly what
your data rights are
(a local college here in Indianapolis will NOT allow anything sent via PGP on
its host, for example).
Do some research on the things that concern you about the current
security/insecurity situation.
Write Mr. Bill & OzoneMan (president at whitehouse.gov,
vice.president at whitehouse.gov) about
what you find and aren't happy with. And above all, talk to other users you
know about what is
wrong and what you could do to fix it.
Then fix it.
$	RESOURCES FOR THE CONCERNED
Technosys:	limetwig at mindvox.phantom.com (K Eluard)
info at eff.org
president at whitehouse.gov
vice.president at whitehouse.gov
Thanx for your patience and attention.
-=-Keith Eluard
"Lord, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage
to try to change the
things I can, and the wisdom to hide the bodies of the people I had to kill
because they pissed me

@_date: 1993-10-17 14:16:53
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: ENOUGH ALREADY!!!(Was Re: Gibson 
Dear Sir,
          Without enrolling in yours and others discussion about
anarcho/capital/social/ isms Ad Nauseam... would you mind
taking this SOMPLACE ELSE... this discussion is NOT appropriate for the list
WE have REAL issues and problems to address... Thanx in advance...
    cheers
    kelly

@_date: 1993-09-17 00:24:55
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: No Subject 
Organization: NETCOM On-line Communication Services (408 241-9760 guest)
Xref: netcom.com comp.org.eff.talk:20002 sci.crypt:17638 alt.security.pgp:4909 talk.politics.crypto:102
Newsgroups: comp.org.eff.talk,sci.crypt,alt.security.pgp,talk.politics.crypto
Path: netcom.com!grady
Organization: Moby lexicons
X-Newsreader: TIN [version 1.1 PL8]
Lines: 22
At 10:30 PM EST  9/16/93 a subpoena was served on
the Austin Code Works of Austin TX relating
"any and all correspondence, contracts, payments,
records, incluing computer data relating to
Moby Crypto and any other commercial product relating to PGP and RSA"
you are commanded to give to Michael J. Yamaguchi
United States Attorney
Northern District of California
served by Theodore R. Siggins, special agent
Department of Treasury, US Customs Service
More details later.

@_date: 1993-09-17 00:34:55
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: (fwd) Subpoena served on Crypto 
Xref: netcom.com alt.wired:475 comp.lang.c:62219 alt.activism:50763 misc.legal:62914 alt.censorship:19449
Newsgroups: alt.wired,comp.lang.c,alt.activism,misc.legal,alt.censorship
Path: netcom.com!grady
Organization: Moby lexicons
X-Newsreader: TIN [version 1.1 PL8]
Lines: 180
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Subpoena served on Austin Code Works for
material related to Moby Crypto.
At 10:30 PM EDT  Thursday, 16 Sept 1993 Theodore R. Siggins,
special agent for the Department of Treasury, U.S.
Customs Service office of enforcement for
Austin, TX (512) 482-5502 served the following
United States District Court
Northern District of California
Custodian of Records
Austin Code Works
11100 Leafwood Lane
Austin, TX
(512) 258-0785
SUBPOENA TO TESTIFY BEFORE GRAND JURY
documents of object(s)
U.S. Courthouse & Federal Building
280 South First Street
San Jose, CA  95113
Grand Jury Room 2115
September 22, 1993  9:00 AM
YOU ARE ALSO COMMANDED to bring with you
Any and all correspondence, contracts, payments, and record,
including those stored as computer data, relating to the
international distribution of the commercial product "Moby
Crypto" and any other commercial product related to PGP and RSA
Source Code for the time period June 1, 1991 to the present.
RICHARD W. WIERKING
by deputy  clerk (illegible)
This subpoena is issued on application of the United States of America
Michael J. Yamaguchi
United States Attorney
Assistant U.S. Attorney
William P. Keane
280 S. First St., Suite 371
San Jose, CA  95113
(408) 291-7221
s/a Robin Sterzer, Customs
93-1348(SJ) 93-1(SJ)
9 September 1993
served by
Theodore R. Siggins
special agent
Department of Treasury
U.S. Customs Service
Office of Enforcement
P.O. Box 99
Austin, TX 78767
(FTS) 770-5502
(512) 482-5502
------- WHAT YOU SHOULD DO ---------------------
NSA and the US Treasury has started a new, agressive campaign to
prevent the spread of cryptographic ideas, algorithms, sources,
and documentation.  The subpoena was served on the ACW in the night
because they MIGHT have sold a copy of source code, already available
worlwide, to a foreign national.
If you value the freedom to disseminate ideas on both paper and magentic
and electronic media, you should immediately preserve your right to
have such knowledge by obtaining a copy of the source to Pretty Good Privacy
and all other cryptographic materials before a possible complete blackout
of such material is attempted by the US authorities.
It is not yet against the law to possess source code to PGP, the world's
foremost encryption application in the United States.  Source is available
for a variety of platforms including MS-DOS, Unix, and Macintosh from
the following sites:
and many other sites
For more information about PGP,
send a blank mail message to:
pgpinfo at mantis.co.uk

@_date: 1993-09-17 00:54:56
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: (fwd) pgpwin11 
Path: netcom.com!netcomsv!decwrl!usenet.coe.montana.edu!netnews.nwnet.net!henson!news.reed.edu!usenet
Newsgroups: alt.security.pgp
Organization: Reed College,  Portland, Oregon
Lines: 12
NNTP-Posting-Host: reed.edu
I just downloaded pgpwin11.zip from garbo.uwasa.fi.  It is in the in a froth to try it out.  just thought you might like to know.
it's a windows pgp shell you ninny.
The      _O_ "Darkness may cover me:  midnight may steal along my living veins;
Cannibal  |   yea and the ultimate futility, the ghastly nothing on which all
              things play may break ice-thin crust and freeze my soul"
pwilk at reed.edu   -=public key available on finger=-   - John Cowper Powys

@_date: 1993-09-17 00:55:56
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: (fwd) New pgp-public-keys server! 
Newsgroups: alt.security.pgp
Path: netcom.com!netcomsv!decwrl!uunet!pipex!sunic!trane.uninett.no!news.eunet.no!nuug!news.eunet.fi!KremlSun!kiae!relcom!rd.relcom.msk.su!blaster
Organization: Relcom R&D
X-Newsreader: TIN [version 1.1 PL6]
Lines: 28
Hello everybody.
     I am  glad to  introduce my  pgp public  keys  server.  This
server  has   Internet  address:   "pgp-public-keys at kiae.su".  It
physically placed  in Relcom corp. (Moscow). I will maintain this
server (my  name is  Victor  Borisov  aka  blaster,  my  Internet
address  is   "blaster at rd.relcom.msk.su").   For   beginning   of
interaction with  server, you  can (as usually) send empty letter
with header:
     I use  0.16a version of Michael Graff server as software. My
server exchange  added keys with other servers. All messages from
server will also contain Russian text.
Sincerely your, Victor Borisov.
Victor A. Borisov aka blaster;	Relcom R&D
Email: blaster at rd.relcom.msk.su;
Phone: +7(095)-943-4735; +7(095)-198-9510;

@_date: 1993-09-17 00:59:26
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: Sorryabout the very last mailing 
Sorry about the very last mailing about the PGP shell... BUT
the earliers forwards about the Mobycrypt distrbution were
indeed critical... MUCH more is happening on this front in the next week...
will report as I get details.
     cheers
     kelly

@_date: 1993-09-29 14:46:48
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: (fwd) More on CIA's Internet Debut 
Path: netcom.com!netcomsv!decwrl!spool.mu.edu!darwin.sura.net!udel!news!news.world.net!speedway.net!nyxfer!nyt
Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy
Reply-To: nyt at blythe.org (NY Transfer News)
Distribution: world
Organization: NY Transfer News Collective
Lines: 93
Topic 189       CIA, INTERNET - TRUE!   Response  2 of  3 agarton
cafe.australia   9:00 am  Sep 24, 1993
Internet From:  To: dlr at netcom.com Date:
Wed, 22 Sep 1993
Found the following on the Well and thought it may be of
The following appears in the premier issue of "The Internet
Letter."  I'm not sure what exactly is meant in the third
paragraph--it seems a bit garbled.   Paul Wallner is actually the
coordinator of the Intelligence Community's efforts on "open
source" (unclassified information useful to intelligence analysts,
etc.), and not just CIA's--technically he works for the Director
of Central Intelligence in his role as IC coordinator.
The Internet Letter is edited by Jayne Levin, and is apparently
premiering at Inet'93.
004) CIA, U.S. GOVERNMENT INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES DEVELOP INTERNET
Central Intelligence Agency, are developing plans that would allow
them to share unclassified information via the Internet.
CIA Intelligence Community Open Source coordinator, in an
exclusive interview with The Internet Letter. "Why not take
advantage of it ourselves and use it.
intelligence," Wallner said. "The Internet is not viewed as a
source of information for us."
information are part of the National Foreign Intelligence program.
They include the National Security Agency, CIA and the Defense
Intelligence Agency.
information and ideas among themselves and the academic community,
Wallner said. For example, if the CIA were asked about the nuclear
waste problem in Russia, "a good way" to find out would be to talk
to the scientific community on the Internet, he said.
has its own internal electronic communications network, two
intelligence analysts working at different agencies but on the
same project cannot send E-mail to one another. There also are no
electronic links between the intelligence and academic
communities. Communication is carried out mostly by telephone.
network will not be connected directly to the Internet, Wallner
said. The CIA plans to address the issue of security by creating
"air gaps" between classified and unclassified information. An air
gap would create a physical space between an agency's internal
network and an Internet link.
potential viruses," Wallner said. He characterized the tone of the
discussion over security as "technical."
is expected to start next spring. It involves establishing nine
prototype Internet "nodes" that will connect to an Internet
backbone. The CIA plans to seek engineering support from private
industry to help design the network's overall architecture.
Information Service (FBIS) may be available for anonymous FTP
(file transfer protocol). No decision has been made on whether a
Gopher or WAIS (Wide Area Information Server) server will be used,
Wallner said.
distribution of FBIS publications via the Internet would violate
copyright law. Selected FBIS publications now are available in
print and microfiche to government agencies and universities. FBIS
publishes eight daily reports, one for each geographic region of
the world.
commentaries and government statements from foreign broadcasts,
and it is translated into English from more than 80 languages.
Big brother is here and watching :)
+        Join Us! Support The NY Transfer News Collective        +
+       We deliver uncensored information to your mailbox!       +
+ Modem:718-448-2358   Fax:718-448-3423   E-mail: nyt at blythe.org +

@_date: 1994-02-20 12:06:58
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: (fwd) iPower crypto chip in PCMCIA card 
Newsgroups: alt.2600
Path: netcom.com!mocten
Sender: mocten at netcom.com (Mark "Marcus" Hudson)
Organization: NETCOM On-line Communication Services (408 241-9760 guest)
Lines: 21
I got this out of newsletter I received a few days ago.
Hopefully it isn't old knowledge yet.
   Crypto Chip Debuts
National Semiconductor has released the iPower encryption
chip, which was designed for use in PCMCIA cards and provides
a reange of security features.  The chip can encrypt data via
multiple enryption algorithms, and will self-destruct upon any
tampering attempt, using a self-contained chemical.  Cards that
use the iPower chip can also provide additional functions
such as tracking user access times.  The iPower division is
based in Santa Clara, CA. 408/721-8797.

@_date: 1994-01-17 12:38:31
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: THANK YOU EDGAR!!! 
Yes Some of us Do have backbones.... Thank you Edgar
for following through on your convictions...
PEOPLE   COPYLEFT is COPYLEFT... if you dont want to lose legal control
over your code then the answer is obvious DONT COPYLEFT and then
whine about others actions... Cypherpunks WRITE and DISTRIBUTE
     Kelly Goen - US Internet publisher of PGP 1.0 1991
                  Subject of US customs Investigation 1993
                  Subject of US Grand Jury Inquiry 1993-1994
p.s. If you think Phil Z is the only one being hit by this... guess
again... in the event indictments are handed down... they can
legally come only to me for the publiccation...(offense!!)

@_date: 1994-07-18 18:14:14
@_author: kelly@netcom.com 
@_subject: JUST GO AWAY Sue D nym! 
Hey detweiler... I am not as gentle as perry is... just go away...
you DONT have any votes here... p.s. I WIll be notifying netcom management
again of your activities...

@_date: 1994-05-06 01:03:17
@_author: kelly@netcom.com 
@_subject: secdev1.2, hp100lx and HP PCMIA card support and security(nonexistant) 
Well the elimination of a very weak security feature on the HP palmtop line
the hp 95lx password option, just a screenlock, in the hp100lx any pretence to privacy is now gone.    As a result I initially attempted to load the binaries for the secdev1.2 release and was chagrinned to find out they get divide errors on the lowly
8088 clone of the hp100lx...? any ideas?(I suspect they are compiled for 80386
and up and will disassemble to verify after intial recompilation to 8088 targets.. Has any done this already??
     cheers
     kelly

@_date: 1994-05-11 03:19:06
@_author: kelly@netcom.com 
@_subject: Harassment of a mailing list by lassie!jim%lassie@netcom.com 
And you sir have a netcom feed... as do I... I will be talking with Bob Rieger
about your harassment of other netcom users on this list...
I feel that you WILL lose your accounts with netcom if this HARASSMENT doesnt stop. I suggest you think about your highly immature actions of the last week..
a copy of this mail is being forwarded to noc at netcom.com as well as bobr at netcom.com... in fact I am sending a copy of ALL of your postings to
netcom management... mailbombing a mailing list IS NOT with in
netcom's AUP(that is Acceptable Use Policy). and IS grounds for revocation of
your accounts on netcom...
     Think about it...
     kelly at netcom.com

@_date: 1995-08-07 10:13:03
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: Over 350 'Munitions T-shirts' Shipped 
Where are mine...I got the money to you via
Mario wojo???? at SUN...
I ordered 8 of the shirts
I am the publisher of PGP 1.0 the only person
who will be indicted with Phil or alone for PGP
what about MY defense fund????
Check Gov Access for my story
    cheers
    kelly

@_date: 1995-08-12 18:43:54
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: First Source release SKIP Implementation shows up 
Return-Path: skip-info at tik.ee.ethz.ch
Return-Path: Received: from ktik0 by mail4.netcom.com (8.6.12/Netcom)
Errors-To: caronni at tik.ee.ethz.ch
Reply-To: skip-info at tik.ee.ethz.ch
Originator: skip-info at tik.ee.ethz.ch
Sender: skip-info at tik.ee.ethz.ch
Precedence: bulk

@_date: 1995-08-17 15:34:03
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: Another SSL breakage... 
where can the software be obtained I would like to run it on my dual pentium
under solaris 2.4 for benchmarking...
     thanx in advance
     kelly

@_date: 1995-10-12 13:19:43
@_author: Kelly Goen 
@_subject: Oct 14 meeting, focus on Java, Mountain View, California 
I seem to recall you from the compiler group at sun(SUNPRO)
I think we met at tom kesslers going away party
are you that person???
    cheers
    kelly
