
@_date: 2007-06-20 04:07:54
@_author: Ken DiPietro 
@_subject: DHS acknowledges own computer break-ins 
DHS acknowledges own computer break-ins
By TED BRIDIS, Associated Press Writer//
The Homeland Security Department, the lead U.S. agency for fighting  cyber threats, suffered more than 800 hacker break-ins, virus  outbreaks and other computer security problems over two years, senior  officials acknowledged to Congress.
In one instance, hacker tools for stealing passwords and other files  were found on two internal Homeland Security computer systems. The  agency's headquarters sought forensic help from the department's own  Security Operations Center and the U.S. Computer Emergency Readiness  Team it operates with Carnegie Mellon University.
In other cases, computer workstations in the Coast Guard and the  Transportation Security Administration were infected with malicious  software detected trying to communicate with outsiders; laptops were  discovered missing; and agency Web sites suffered break-ins.
The chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee, Rep. Bennie  Thompson, D-Miss., said such problems undermine the government's  efforts to encourage companies and private organizations to improve  cyber security.
"What the department is doing on its own networks speaks so loudly  that the message is not getting across," Thompson said.
Congressional investigators, expected to testify Wednesday during an  oversight hearing about the department's security lapses, determined  that persistent weaknesses "threaten the confidentiality, integrity  and availability of key DHS information and information systems,"  according to a new report from the Government Accountability Office  being released later in June.
The Homeland Security Department's chief information officer, Scott  Charbo, assured lawmakers his organization was working to prevent  such problems.
"We need to increase our vigilance to ensure that such incidents do  not happen again," Charbo wrote in testimony prepared for Wednesday's  hearing. "The department takes these incidents very seriously and  will work diligently to ensure they do not recur."
The computer problems disclosed to the House Homeland Security  subcommittee occurred during fiscal 2005 and fiscal 2006, and  occurred at DHS headquarters and many of the department's agencies,  including TSA, the Coast Guard, Federal Emergency Management Agency,  Customs and Border Protection and others.
The subcommittee's chairman, Rep. Jim Langevin, D-R.I., said break- ins to government computer networks and theft of information are "one  of the most critical issues confronting our nation, and we must deal  with this threat immediately."
All the problems involved the department's unclassified computer  networks, although DHS officials also have acknowledged to lawmakers  dozens of incidents they described as "classified spillage," in which  secret information was improperly transmitted or discussed over  nonsecure e-mail systems.
The story is published here:
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:
