
@_date: 1993-08-10 13:26:53
@_author: Kent Hastings 
@_subject: ADICO: Anarchist FDIC 
ADICO: Anarchist FDIC
When someone objects to free banking (in gold, for example) on the grounds that unregulated banks will have fractional reserves and have no incentive to stay honest, perhaps describing an Anarchist Deposit Insurance COmpany (ADICO) will ease their fears.
A new or relatively obscure offshore bank would gain the trust of potential depositors by agreeing to cooperate with surprise inspections of their gold supply. Depositors would pay a small
premium to cover loss from bank failures due to theft or fraud.
Cryptographic protocols would need to be developed to allow the ADICO to see a verified total amount on deposit, without revealing
anything about any particular depositor. The total should match the physical amount of gold in storage, assuming 100% reserves.
Does anybody know of work on this, or think it is worth researching?
Kent -

@_date: 1993-08-10 16:16:54
@_author: Kent Hastings 
@_subject: So. Cal. Cypherpunks 
So. Cal. Cypherpunks
CYPHERPUNK-RELATED MEETINGS IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA:
J. Kent Hastings (Hey-that's ME!) will flame on about:
"CYBER CASH: FREE MARKET MONEY COMES OF AGE."
Wednesday, September 22, 1993: H.L. MENCKEN FORUM
At The Old Spaghetti Factory in Los Angeles 6:30 pm Libations, 7:00 Supper, 7:55 Announcements, 8:00 Speaker, 10:00 Adjournment
5939 Sunset Blvd. near the Hollywood Fwy at Gordon
Los Angeles, CA 90028 Restaurant: (213) 469-7149
RESERVATION/PRICES/INFO LINE: 1-310-289-3234
Just as Christ descended into Hell (mythically-don't want any of you to get upset about theism), an anti-Party speaker, J. Kent Hastings (hmm, that guy
sounds familiar), will address:
LIBERTARIAN PARTY REGION 62 - LOS ANGELES WESTSIDE
Thursday, September 23, 1993 at Chris's Italian
Restaurant, 10105 Venice Blvd. at Clarington Ave.
on the same old Digital Cash topic. Cocktails are at
6:30 pm, dinner at 7 pm, and talk is at 8:30 pm.
LP info: 1-310-477-6491
        The ALBERT J. NOCK FORUM and Southern California Supper Club is another club that may be of interest to you, run by the host of the H. L. Mencken Forum. Albert J. Nock wrote essays (An Anarchist's Progress) and books about government like Our Enemy, The State and Mr. Jefferson.         The Nock Forum has been in operation for over 10 years, hosting speakers on engineering, scientific, financial, and political issues. Controversial figures, on and over the cutting edge of toleration and civil liberties, have also graced the forum, but nobody more outrageous than you'll see on a given day's Geraldo, Oprah, Donahue, or Montel Williams show. I DON'T remember a speaker having had a sex change from male to female, then discovering she was a lesbian, but I was in Northern California for a while and may have missed it.
Past speakers at Mencken and Nock include: Max More (Extropy), LiberTech's Chuck Hammill, Wendy McElroy (Freedom, Feminism, and the State), David Justin Ross (Calera), J. Neil Schulman (author of Alongside Night and Rainbow Cadenza), Vic Koman (Jehovah Contract), Robert Anton Wilson (Illuminatus!, Natural Law), L. Neil Smith (Confederacy SF novels), Dr. Sharon Presley
(Libertarian Psychology - Obedience to Authority), Samuel Edward Konkin III (New Libertarian, Agorist Institute), Brock Meeks (Computer Privacy), Burt Rutan (Voyager, FreeWing),
Paul Macready (Gossamer Condor and Albatross) and many others on topics like nanotechnology, public key crypto, artificial intelligence, immortality, informal markets and other topics that look like Tim May's tag line. BTW, Tim has a standing invitation from the host to speak about "Crypto Anarchy" and get a free dinner (He's gotta be in town and schedule ahead).         The latest speaker was Richard Grant, author (Incredible Bread Machine, Trashing Nuclear Power, Rent Control and the War against the Poor), on "Bring Us The Head of Michael Milken." Date/time/location of the next ALBERT J. NOCK Forum,
now in its 11th year:
STEVEN W. MOSHER "The Future of 1/4 of the Human Race."
ACAPULCO at Cerritos Plaza 1800 West Whittier Blvd.,
La Habra, California, East of Beach Blvd.
SAME INFO LINE AS MENCKEN: 1-310-289-3234

@_date: 1993-08-11 11:22:21
@_author: Kent Hastings 
@_subject: New Chaos? 
New Chaos?
I saw something like this in the latest Scientific American, but is it new??
to signal hiding is called a "Transmitted Reference." Random thermal
noise in a resistor was transmitted in one band, and the same noise
mixed with a message was sent in another. The receiver would take the
the difference between the two noisy signals to get the message.
Although casual snoopers would be thwarted, the key is broadcast openly, therefore this should not be considered secure. Mix it with
modern Stored Reference techniques like frequency-hopping, direct-
sequence, and time-hopping and you might get a great hybrid system.
Are there any freeware spread-spectrum designs, analogous to PGP, to solve the physical data communications problem? Encryption is great,
but the phone company is enemy territory. bypass. Bypass. BYPASS!!!!
Kent

@_date: 1993-08-11 16:12:06
@_author: Kent Hastings 
@_subject: CryptoStacker 
CryptoStacker
Whatever happened to CryptoStacker(s) research?
Please voluntarily comply with my request for a status report,
or I'll padlock your business, throw you in jail, arrest all
your friends, and firebomb your compound.
It is your choice.
Kent -

@_date: 1993-08-23 13:51:38
@_author: Kent Hastings 
@_subject: Chaum criticism 
Chaum criticism
I am trying to read and understand the Niels Ferguson "Off-line Coins"
article, the "Efficient Off-line Digital Cash" paper also from CWI and the Netcash paper. Were you the one critical of the Netcash paper because it didn't offer unconditional untraceability? Do the papers I
just listed require observer chips, or are they OK for software-only?
We have PageMaker, CAD ware, someday we may have "ChipMaker"
to create "chipscript" robotic control files to make our own
monolithic IC's. In the short term, perhaps we can distribute
shareware hardware designs using low-cost components to avoid back doors in manufactured comm gear.
In other words, if we can't see the "source code" for the hardware design, or "compile" it ourselves, maybe we shouldn't
really trust it. What particular design would you like to see widely implemented now given these objections to observer chips?
Is there software we can use NOW for ATM's and banks?
Kent - jkhastings at aol.com

@_date: 1993-08-25 14:32:41
@_author: Kent Hastings 
@_subject: Julieboard DDS 
Julieboard DDS
Remember my constant whining about the lack of suitable hardware for
spread-spectrum radio? No more!
The August 1993 issue of 73 Amateur Radio Today
contains an article and schematic for: JULIEBOARD. Woo hoo!
Ahem. The Julieboard is a Direct Digital Synthesis (DDS) circuit built
around the 28-pin DIP Harris HSP45102 DDS chip. A software controller
program is shown using GWBASIC. Here is a summary of features:
"0 to 16 MHz coverage (*Note: can be used to modulate UHF/Microwave*)
 0.007 Hz frequency resolution
 Virtually instantaneous switching time
 No drift/no calibration
 Excellent spectral quality
 Simple interface via PC printer port"
The following is music to my eyes (Wha?...Dhoh!):
"...there is no reason why an appropriately programmed single chip
 microcomputer (such as a Motorola '68705 or Intel '8051) couldn't
 replace the PC for those who object to having to drag around a
 large, bulky *Homer-mungous* PC just to drive a tiny little board.
 With a single chip microcomputer, an entire HF rig could be made
 to fit into a shirt-pocket-sized package!"
A circuit board can be obtained for $25 U.S. from:
Bruce Hodgkinson, VE3JIL
Box 232
Pakenham, Ontario, CANADA K0A 2X0
Phone: (613) 624-5247
A wired and tested 33-MHz chip system can be obtained from stock or within a week for $120+$5.00 S&H. A wired and tested 40-MHz chip system waits up to 8 weeks for availability of chips, and costs
$135+$5.00 S&H. Bruce told me that the 33-MHz chips he tested
worked fine at 40-MHz. It seems Harris is very conservative in their chip ratings.
Of course, nobody would use these DDS boards for direct-sequence, frequency-hopping, time-hopping, plus chaos-transmitted-reference
hybrid spread-spectrum transmitters to achieve signal hiding and
interference rejection. Nope. Last thing on MY mind.
Haa ha ha ha... eat flaming death statist scum! You are all doomed!
Kent aka WA6ZFY -

@_date: 1993-07-28 12:26:49
@_author: Kent Hastings 
@_subject: Cpunx T-shirt design 
Cpunx T-shirt design
Oops - sent to extropians by mistake ...
Here is a .GIF file signed with the "test" userid public key
found at the end of this message. This should make it through
our restrictive e-mail gateway. Enclosed T-shirt design uses
a B&W version of that R. Cobb cartoon: "Well...at least we
don't have to worry about Anarchy anymore." Maybe we could get permission from the copyright "owners."
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1993-06-08 11:00:48
@_author: Kent Hastings 
@_subject: Mail Gateway 
Mail Gateway
Is there a secure (and/or cheap) STMP or UUCP e-mail gateway program to rival Microsoft Mail 3.0 with Gateways. I hear MM3 with a gateway runs $4,000. Be nice if it notified recipients when new mail arrives.
Kent - kent_hastings at qmail2.aero.org

@_date: 1993-06-08 12:44:57
@_author: Kent Hastings 
@_subject: Eudora Mail Gateway 
Eudora Mail Gateway
Thanks to FutureNerd for the Mail Gateway suggestion (via
private e-mail). It is just the thing for which my associate was looking. (Never use a preposition to end a sentence with.) More questions will be asked of FutureNerd re Eudora privately
as we try to get it running, but until then, here is a public
thanks for your help.
Kent - kent_hastings at qmail2.aero.org.

@_date: 1993-06-08 16:00:37
@_author: Kent Hastings 
@_subject: New PGP Version? 
New PGP Version?
Here goes with ANOTHER stupid newbie question:
What's the latest PGP version? I have DOS and Mac copies of
version 2.2. Is there an e-mail accessible group like this for PGP or crypto
in general? I see references to sci.crypt on occasion. Is that easy to get, or do I have to do fancy-smancy things with archie,
ftp, usenet, and other Greek words? (I have docs for archie, and
will soon have UUCP decode software, but I haven't figured out all this complicated, user-hostile stuff quite yet).
I DO know IBM MVS/JES2 JCL, and because there is nothing more difficult to use, I am confident that this Internet jive will
seem trivial someday. Kent - kent_hastings at qmail2.aero.org

@_date: 1993-06-18 11:49:46
@_author: Kent Hastings 
@_subject: Inviso-Crypt(r) 
Inviso-Crypt(r) I'm proud to announce a new fuzzy-logic application that can
access sub-digital biticles. These vitalistic fractional bits
were never discovered before now because computer scientists
are still clinging to a rigid notion of Aristotelian "A or not-A"
on-off binary logic.
It took a Fate magazine advertisement to inspire this scam, er- breakthrough. One of my beta testers was delighted to find his bank account dramatically compressed and his computer network rendered userless.
Here is a sample of the program's output:
!!! BEGIN INVISO-CRYPT(R) DATA BLOCK !!!
!!! END INVISO-CRYPT DATA BLOCK !!!
The preceding message may look like all spaces, but those 10 lines
contain over 100 megabytes of encrypted biticles. Inviso-Crypt(r) works on graphic files, too. "+". That single character holds a 4-megabyte GIF image.
Nothing works like, well, uh - nothing ... to the naked eye, of course. You've heard of Beethoven's "Emperor Concerto," this is nicknamed "The Emperor's New Code" around our data center. Our recent advance in applied cryptology works as described here or
my name isn't Mr. Burns, oops, uh - Mr. Snrub, a dedicated computer scientist working at, uh - a lab very far away, on a chain of islands with affordable liability immunity and anonymous
trust business structures. That'll do. This software not only does
real time bit-slicing, it rolls virtual dice to generate random keys. Yes, it slices, it dices, and it will decrypt your DNA and cure cancer, colds, baldness, and all other ailments.
This program is so important that my lobbyists are "passing bills"
through Congress as you read this. (Ok Senator, I'm putting these
bills on the trash dumpster, and when I get back, I expect them
to be hauled away. Don't forget the free bar of soap to wash your
hands of this whole affair. See, I DO support clean government.) Soon, Inviso-Crypt(r) will be the exclusive national standard. Why,
my payroll expenses have been amazingly smaller since I printed
paychecks using the Inviso-Cash(r) standard.
Homer: "Hello - money, where are you?"
"I like the way that Inviso-Crypt(r) works!" - Smithers.

@_date: 1993-06-30 09:24:29
@_author: Kent Hastings 
@_subject: WARLOCK 4.0 Info 
WARLOCK 4.0 Info
The enclosed file is the documentation for WARLOCK 4.0, "A New Matrix-based Paradigm for Public Key Cryptography."
The source code and executeable MS-DOS program are included
in the shareware version, but my internet gateway complains
"permission denied" if I try to send out the ZIP file.
Hmm. The text file is about 43k and the ZIP is only 78k.
Oh well. This is the first I've heard of WARLOCK. "NIST DSS
and RSA systems suffice for authentication but are too slow
for ordinary encryption/decryption functions forcing users to employ more complicated hybrid systems resulting in 'double
"WARNING: The WARLOCK cryptosystem provided herein is a copy-
righted system protected by patents (awarded and pending) and
is provided solely for private personal use and evaluation
only, etc ..." For more info, contact WARLOCK at ACM.org.
Kent - kent_hastings at qmail2.aero.org. <<<<<< Attached TEXT file follows >>>>>>
.OJ OFF
.UL ON
WARLOCK - A New Matrix-based Paradigm for Public Key Cryptography
       (C) 1993 by William J. Wilson and C. Larry Craig                  1. INTRODUCTION
The following narrative briefly reviews the functionality of contemporary private key and public key (PK) cryptosystems in meeting current and future private sector security needs.  To assist in meeting these needs, the WARLOCK paradigm for achieving matrix-based PK cryptosystems is presented and explained.  Sys-
tems based on this paradigm are designed as alternatives to RSA and RSA-hybrid systems by making available single, high-speed, full bandwidth systems capable of the basic cryptographic func-
tions of encryption, decryption, and source authentication (digital signature). The WARLOCK paradigm is outlined in the following paragraphs  with actual examples of system keys and step-by-step encryption, decryption, and authentications transformations effected by those User evaluations, comments and suggestions are solicited on the WARLOCK paradigm as well as the particular WARLOCK 4.0 PC imple-
mentation (available in C++ source code from file WARLOCK.CPP and in MS DOS executable code as WARLOCK.EXE).  Please direct such input to WARLOCK at ACM.org or Datasec Systems, PO Box 4152, Hunts-
ville AL 35815-4152, or by calling Wilson at (205) 881-8002.  User suggestions and improvements will be incorporated, as appro-
priate, and improved versions (as well as other implementations of the WARLOCK paradigm) will made available to interested users in the future.
WARNING:  The WARLOCK cryptosystem provided herein is a copy-
righted system protected by patents (awarded and pending) and is provided solely for private personal use and evaluation only. Modifications to (or copies of) WARLOCK source or executable programs must retain the warning and proprietary legend displayed on the first user screen.
The use of WARLOCK cryptosystems for private-sector commercial or public-sector governmental purposes is strictly prohibited with-
out proper licensing arrangements.  Licensing information can be obtained from the above-noted sources.
2. BACKGROUND
Today's telecommunications and information system designers contemplating cryptographic technology are confronted with a relatively limited set of choices and capabilities (e.g. DES, RSA, proposed NIST DSS (Digital Signature Standard), etc.) which, even when combined in hybrid systems, are inadequate in our opinion to the complex security and authentication needs of the burgeoning information age and the even more daunting require-
ments of the emerging digital multimedia revolution.  For exam-
ple, the NIST DSS and RSA systems suffice for authentication but are too slow for ordinary encryption/decryption functions forcing users to employ more complicated hybrid systems resulting in "double exposure".  Hybrid systems typically use the DES standard which has been widely assailed for its all-too-short key length (56 bits).  Nor has the proposed NIST standard met with a warm reception either since it presently provides only a time-consum-
ing signature capability.  In terms of variety, flexibility, speed, and selectable and provable levels of security, we feel that contemporary cryptosystems fall short of efficiently meeting the wide range of known and predicted private sector application security needs, e.g. encrypted digital voice and video, digital satellite communication, ISDN, wireless LAN's, source authentica-
tion, IFF (Interrogate Friend or Foe) protocols, smart cards, and a host of other emerging applications.
To meet these needs, the authors over the past several years have developed and tested scores of high-speed matrix-based PK crypto-
systems beginning with a patented private-key version of the Hill cipher and culminating in the development of the WARLOCK family of PK cryptosystems.  Our goal throughout has been the attainment of a single, full-bandwidth PK cryptosystem paradigm (with digi-
tal signature) of sufficient simplicity, speed, and selectable levels of security for meeting current and expected cryptographic needs of the private sector. 3. THE HILL PARADIGM                 In 1929 Lester H. Hill proposed a unique, matrix-based, block ciphering system (1.) unlike any ever proposed before.  Although manifestly linear and later shown to be susceptible of chosen plaintext attack, Hill's system represented a quantum leap in the art of cryptography providing for the first time a true block ciphering capability with strengths substantially beyond those of the polyalphabetic systems of his day.  If fact, if computing (but not creating) the inverse of a matrix were as difficult as computing its permanent, Hill would have invented in a single stroke the first provably secure public key cryptosystem complete with digital signature.  Notwithstanding, Hill's method, employ-
ing standard matrix transformations, established a new direction whose full cryptographic potential in our opinion  is still unrealized and one capable of nullifying in large measure the standard tools of conventional cryptanalysis.  Apart from the issue of cryptographic strength, Hill succeeded in inventing the first two-key cryptosystem and it remained only for Hellman and Diffie to establish a rigorous mathematical paradigm (2.) for one-way, two-key public key cryptosystems and for Rivest et al. to provide the first viable example of such a system (3.).   In a later development, McEliece developed a matrix-based public key system (4.) based on Goppa error correction codes.  Although inefficient in terms of bandwidth and initially lacking digital signature, his system demonstrated that workable matrix-based PK systems were indeed possible.  In spite of the fact that the McEliece system was recently cryptanalyzed (5.), it nevertheless represented a significant step in the evolution of matrix-based Still later, Rodney Cooper extended Hill's mod 26 systems to Galois Fields GF(p) and GF(q^n) to create a cryptosystem based on matrix theory and Galois Fields (6).  In essence, Cooper provided for a matrix of polynomials (subject to two moduli) to be used as an encryption key with the paramount advantage that  such ma-
trices can be made as large as needed to accommodate any required level of user security.  In fact, Patti (7.) has implemented such extensible multi-magabit cryptokeys in PC-based extended memory in which he also concatenates random bits with the plaintext vector prior to encryption to defeat linear attacks (cited in the above reference) as well as known-plaintext and chosen-plaintext attack.  Rather than trying to impress a known NP-hard problem into the service of PK cryptography as others such as Merkle et al. (8.) have attempted, we have employed a two-step process instead.  In the first step, we developed weak but workable full-bandwidth PK systems with digital signature capability.  In the second step, we hardened the resulting system by incorporating artificial com-
plexities in the key generation, encryption, and decryption processes with the goal of attaining selectable and provable levels of security -- ideally NP-hard.             Payne and McMillen's formula (9.) defines the number of nonsingu-
lar nxn binary matrices possible for each dimension of n and thereby the number of reversible linear mappings of n-bit strings possible with such matrices.  It is worth noting that such map-
pings are a tiny subset of the full range of (2**n)! possible mappings of unique n-bit values.  Unfortunately, as Chaitin has noted in another context (10.), all but a small fraction of these mappings are essentially noncomputable and can be effected only by table lookup -- as the small S-box mechanisms of DES exempli-
fy.  For the WARLOCK paradigm, one of the required private keys consists of a large, non-singular nxn matrix used to disguise the rectangular mxn public key.  In the implementation provided here, a smaller nonsingular nxn private key matrix is also required.  In the paragraphs that follow, the term "matrix" always refers to a binary matrix and all forms of the term "addition"  indicated by the + symbol designate addition modulo-two (XOR operation).
Supporting figures for the WARLOCK paradigm and the particular implementation are all found at the end of the paper.  4. THE WARLOCK PARADIGM
WARLOCK is a paradigm for a family of advanced, high-speed, full-
bandwidth, matrix-based PK cryptosystems with full digital signa-
ture. These systems can be operated in ordinary encryption/de-
cryption mode or in superencrypted mode, (achieving encryption and authentication simultaneously) as necessary with key and block sizes incrementally selectable according to security needs.             All implementations of the WARLOCK paradigm share certain common-
     - use of a single public key K consisting of a rectangular
       mxn binary matrix where m>n and where n is the system
       block size of plaintext and ciphertext
     - achievement of nonlinear plaintext to ciphertext mappings        such that for plaintexts A and B under key K, the follow                ing is true: MAP(A,K) + MAP(B,K) <> MAP(A+B).      - incorporation of secret "row identifiers" in rows                of the public key (which are injected in disguised form               into the ciphertext by the encryption process) allowing               a private key holder to identify public key rows                   selected by the encryption process.                - use of entropy increasing "noise bits" for selected
       bit positions of the public key not occupied by row        identifiers
     - use of a secret, nonsingular nxn matrix M to disguise the
       public key and to serve (in inverse form) as a private key
     - user-selectable key and system block sizes to accommodate        varying levels of security requirements
     - system key generation from user-supplied "key-seeds" or
       pass phrases of 1 to 85 bytes  As the example below shows, the public key for the implementation provided here is initially constructed of two parts -- an A-part and a B-part.  The A-part consists of a key-seed generated and triplicated nxn nonsingular matrix whose n dimension is exactly 1/3 the row dimension of the public key.
Construction of the B-part begins with a template matrix (T-
matrix) containing a diagonal of submatrices each comprised of "row identifiers" whose value and row positions uniquely identify each matrix row.  In the first hardening step, the area above the diagonal is filled with key-seed generated "noise bits" and the area below the diagonal is filled with "replacement bits" con-
sisting of key-seed generated but replicated row values.  The A-
part and the B-part are concatenated to form an mxn matrix where mn and where n is the block size of both the input plaintext and the resulting ciphertext.  The purpose of row group jumbling is to disguise the original A-part and B-part row group sequence.  WARLOCK encryption is accomplished by expanding an n-bit plain-
text block in a nonlinear manner to form an m-bit vector which is multiplied by the public key to create an n-bit ciphertext.  This multiplication is greatly hastened (as are all binary matrix multiplications) by the simple expedient of associating each bit position of the expanded vector with a row of K allowing 1-bits in the expanded plaintext vector to select corresponding rows of K which are added modulo two to produce the plaintext. In the first step of the decryption process, the ciphertext is multiplied by private key M_inverse to create the same value as if the plaintext had been multiplied by the completed T-matrix. Rows selected by the encryption process (whose row identifiers are encoded in the ciphertext) are then retrieved by a deconvolu-
tion process which removes the effects of the noise bits identi-
fied in the private key T-matrix.   Accomplishing the inverse of the row selection process employed during encryption serves to identify the original plaintext.
Like most computer-based cryptosystems, WARLOCK consists of three basic modules: a key generation module, an encryption module, and a decryption module.  Digital signatures (as well as superencryp-
tion) are accomplished conventionally by concatenating decryption and encryption functions employing appropriate public and private keys.         WARLOCK Key Generation
The WARLOCK T matrix is comprised of two major parts: an A-part and a B-part.  The A-part consists of a triplicated and expanded nonsingular A matrix as shown in Figures 1. through 3. and the B-
part consists of a set of rows each containing a unique 3-bit row identifiers as shown in Figure 5.  Note that the triplicated rows of the A part when selected always produce a "fat bit" consisting of 000 or 111.  These "fat bits" when combined with the row identifiers of the B-part in the encryption process either pre-
serve the row identifier value or complement it with the result that identifiers are recovered in original or complemented form.  For example, a row identifier 100 in a given ciphertext row position will be recovered either as 100 or as its complement 011

@_date: 1993-05-20 09:21:10
@_author: Kent Hastings 
@_subject: Hargis T-raid 
Hargis T-raid
The offices of Anthony L. Hargis were visited 5-18-93 by Treasury
agents. Since 1976, Hargis operated a "bank that isn't a bank," using a Massachusetts Business Trust structure. The theory of operation was that a Trust recording gold Deposits and Transfer
Orders was legally different than a Bank with Accounts and Checks.
This bluff worked well for 15 years. Anthony's recent involvement
with the State Citizens (a new tax protestor approach) may have
triggered the raid. Or perhaps ALH was allowed to exist all these years to suck in more IRS victims.
Account holders can assume the worst. Customers were not allowed in the door, and the computer records were not encrypted, despite
my, and others, frequent suggestions. "Citizens don't need
encryption" was the response in a nutshell.
Citizens Do.
Now, secure physical data links (perhaps using spread-spectrum modulation of radio and microwave) appear necessary for financial
privacy. All the nice little tricks with mail drops and trusts may work in the short term, but only strong encryption and signal
hiding will insure long term survival.
Kent - kent_hastings at qmail2.aero.org.
and

@_date: 1993-05-21 15:33:31
@_author: Kent Hastings 
@_subject: PI Compression 
PI Compression
It may have been discussed here months ago, but my favorite bogus
compression scheme is "pi compression". Any number like pi or SQRT(2) can be represented as an infinite sequence of non-repeating
bits (there are repetitive patterns, but eventually the sequence
breaks out). A finite bit string can be represented simply as the
starting location and length in pi.
Since all possible finite bit strings are, by definition, contained
in the unending cavalcade of bits in pi, all literary works, radio
programs, TV, 3D holos, feelies, etc for all sentient species from the remotest past to the distant future, in every possible alternate
universe is in little old pi.
PI has been in the public domain from antiquity, therefore all parts
of pi are public domain, just like every chapter, paragraph, sentence,
word and bit are parts of a book. Who would dare argue against these reasonable assertions?
Kent - kent_hastings at qmail2.aero.org.

@_date: 1993-05-27 16:15:55
@_author: Kent Hastings 
@_subject: Physical Links 
Physical Links
Public key and other crypto techniques have been discussed here. So has TEMPEST shielding against eavesdropping. But, there hasn't
been a discussion of physical data link options (unless it was
"before my time").
IMHO, this topic should have a place in the FAQ.
m. Physical Data Links.
   a. Telco/Dial-up
   b. Radio
      1. VLF
      2. MW (near Broadcast AM)
      3. Shortwave
      4. VHF
      5. UHF
      6. Microwave
   c. Infrared/Visible Free Space    d. Laser/Maser Beam
n. Modulation Techniques.
   a. AM
   b. SSB
   c. ACSSB
   d. FM
   e. SSTV
   f. FSTV
   g. Spread spectrum (hybrids of the following)
      1. FH - frequency hopping
      2. DS - direct sequence
      3. TH - time hopping
      4. TR - transmitted (noise) reference
      5. SR - stored (usually pseudo-noise code) reference
o. Network elements (?)
   1. Wire and cable (underground, disguised)
   2. Point-to-point (radio)
   3. Simple repeaters/linear translators (transponders)
   4. Regenerative repeaters (digital packet)
   5. Satellites
   6. Meteor scatter
   7. Moonbounce
I'd like to see pro and con discussion of these items. Having
encrypted messages won't do any good if Our Enemy simply pulls
the plug at the telephone company.
Kent - kent_hastings at qmail2.aero.org.

@_date: 1993-10-05 15:25:05
@_author: Kent Hastings 
@_subject: Waa waa waa waa waah. 
Waa waa waa waa waah.
I want to go to Krustyland!
Anyway, if this escapes, be advised that hastings at courier8.aero.org is dead.
Like you gave a rat's ankle in the first place.
The Martians have shut down my X400 access. They probably couldn't take any
more of this foolishness. As the most Homeric of philosophers would say: "Dhoh!"
Looks like I'm forced to get Netcom now, but until then - "UNSUBSCRIBE." Thanks.
I'll be back.
Kent -  for who knows how long.
