
@_date: 1994-02-28 13:29:52
@_author: Kent Perrier 
@_subject: Need info on E-mail security 
I need a some help from all of you crypto-literate people out in
Net.Land.  The company currently employing me has recently opened
several overseas offices.  We have connected ourselves to the Internet
to send e-mail between the Houston office (corperate HQ) the new
overseas offices.  As to be expected, the powers-that-be here gave no thought to security for e-mail.  I have brought this to their attention about 6 weeks ago and nothing has been done yet.  I know 6 weeks is a short period of time but this is still a relatively small company (400 people) so something should have happened by now if anything was going to happen.
That's the history of the current situation.  I believe I need to provide
some proof as to how easy it is to read unencrypted Internet E-mail. Not being an experienced programmer and not knowing how a lot of things
work on the Internet, I do not know how easy it is to scan in-transit e-mail for keywords.  Could some kind person please inform me as to how easy it is to do this, and, if possible, please direct me to a
place that papers and/or programs have been written on the subject.  I
belive I need to "shock" the higher-ups that this could be a very big
problem if we don't do something now while use of the Internet is light.
Kent Perrier
keperrier at setpoint.com (work)
kperrier at neosoft.com (play)
Corporations don't have opinions, people do.  These are mine.

@_date: 1994-03-03 08:03:10
@_author: Kent Perrier 
@_subject: Need info on Encyption book 
Hi all,
I have joined the "Small Computer Book Club" and in their "Top 10 Best
Sellers" is a book by Gilbert Held called _Top_Secret_ - Data Encryption Techniques.  Below is the text description:
"Learn how to get people the information they need...without prying
eyes getting a look at it, too. This book/disk package introduces
you to techniques you can use to secure messages transmitted over internal
company networks or public electronic message systems.  You'll learn how to
protect your communications with techiques for transposing characters in
text, replacing characters, with new ones, using arrays, and more.  Plus,
your free disk features source code for the book's enciphering programs.
Softcover, with 3.5" disk. 218pp 1993."
Has anyone heard of this book and is it with the $19.95 that they want
for it?
Kent Perrier
keperrier at setpoint.com (work)
kperrier at neosoft.com (play)
Corporations don't have opinions, people do.  These are mine.
PGP 2.3a Public Key available by request
