
@_date: 2000-11-11 05:53:35
@_author: Kerry L. Bonin 
@_subject: CDR: Re: low tech surveillance-cam countermeasures in Israel 
OTOOH, if you've a little money to invest, the optical reflection DSP
techniques developed to detect sniper rifle scopes could be used to find
cameras in large areas.  (Laser reflected off spinning scanning mirror into
target area, digitize reflected light and process to detect internal
reflections of lens assemblies.  Done right it can identify scope by make
and model, mirror gives relative bearing to points of interest.)  This technique should apply to everything but pinhole lenses, which aren't
very useful for staring-eye type field surveillance.  A simple commercial
version of this is already available to sweep for hidden cameras in a small
room type environment, scaling for large field use should be relatively
simple with better optics and detectors.  Its likely a few of the spooks on
this list have used such equipment, its probably been deployed for a number
of years now by the US.

@_date: 2000-10-17 00:27:19
@_author: Kerry L. Bonin 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
And yet ciphers are a significant target of the NSA.  Sure, they devote
significant resources to exploiting weaknesses in key management, but
ciphers are a primary target.
Many people who discuss the capabilities of the NSA do not use proper
methodology in extrapolating their technical capabilities.  General purpose
computers and supercomputers are not well suited to attacking ciphers -
custom silicon is the best means.
Extrapolate capabilities from the EFF DES crack project and you are
somewhat closer (1536 ASIC w/ 24 cores/ASIC yielded 4.52 days/crack of 56
bit keyspace), then take into consideration the advantages of using more
sophisticated semiconductor processes (ECL 15 years ago, GaAs on Sapphire
today) and the higher clock rates that go with that (40MHz to well > 1GHz),
and rerun your numbers.  Instead of a small cabinet, fill floors of
buildings with these machines, and you have realtime cracking farms.
It should be noted that increasing the keyspace isn't a magic protection
implying the heat entropy of the universe prevents a crack - the NSA has
been playing with Feistel networks since before most cryptographers even
knew about DA, not to mention the possibilities of many other unknown
weaknesses in Feistel networks being known to the NSA.
As for my own comments, I wrote layout and design tools used on these NSA
custom chips in the mid 80's, certified for use with the "NSA Standard Cell
Library" by their chip designers (they were just one of the customers of
the CAD/CAM/CAE software I worked on back then...)
I don't think its unreasonable to extrapolate that a sufficiently high
priority message can be cracked by the NSA in near realtime, regardless of
the cipher strength used, without significant knowledge of the nature of
the plaintext.  I'd imagine most attacks focus on key management, but
anyone serious about the game will have obscene numbers of gates chewing on
Kerry L. Bonin (speaking for self, insert lawyer joke here...)
Sr. Engineer, Security/Cryptography, Cisco Systems.
VScape lead architect - Adaptive secure clustering for multiuser VR.

@_date: 2000-10-17 01:45:33
@_author: Kerry L. Bonin 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
Rivest and Schneier's work factor discussions assume brute force or
streamlined brute force such as GNFS.  These remain exponential in time.
Now hypothesize the effect a new factoring or Feistel cipher attack would
have on these tables.
Too many crypto pundits spout extrapolations of exponential work factor as
proof that these ciphers are unbreakable.
These are merely postulates based on an assumption of a sort that has
generally proven wrong throughout the history of science.  "X requires Y,
but Y is impossible, so X is impossible."  Until Z comes along, and 20
years later its demonstrated in science or math classrooms as yet another
example of bad logic.
One of the points I believe is sorely missing in these discussions is how
important "improvements in algorithms" can be.  In the narrowest sense, I
agree with your statements - but I have also seen what elegant alternative
approaches can do to systems that were presumed to be vulnerable only to
brute force, and I've also seen how nicely they may be placed into custom
I'm not stating that brute force silicon can be scaled to the point it can
attack a 256 bit key in reasonable time today.  What I do know is that
alternative attacks, implemented in silicon or sapphire, are another
matter.  Your position is predicated on the assumption that because no such
attacks are in the public domain, none must exist.  I believe this is
faulty logic, and advances a common, yet dangerous position.
Most people who have worked with military crypto systems do, off the
record.  The difference between what is public and what has been developed
with decades of unlimited resources is staggering.  How many cryptographers
or discrete math experts work in the public domain?  Now how many work for
the NSA?  That's how many orders of magnitude?  And how many orders of
magnitude difference in budgets, ect., even with bureaucratic and civil
service overhead.
Call it threat analysis - I think it is reasonable to assume they know a
few tricks that aren't public yet.  And any trick related to factoring or
Feistel networks is sufficient to obsolete those "age of universe"

@_date: 2000-10-17 10:22:10
@_author: Kerry L. Bonin 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Re: why should it be trusted? 
I don't dispute this, my choice of words was "Sure, they devote significant
resources to exploiting weaknesses in key management."  "Rubber hose" and
"black bag" cryptanalysis have a long history of being far more cost
effective than brute force.

@_date: 2000-10-17 10:22:12
@_author: Kerry L. Bonin 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
Unless their approach to factoring is radically different.  I've seen some
extremely clever ideas leak into the non-classified press, like holographic
systems for realtime off-aspect optical pattern matching for targeting
systems.  Simple tricks that reduce the theoritical n-GFLOPS/MIPS of
computing time to a few clocks.  Factoring is such a fundamental operation,
I can't accept that the NFS is the optimal attack.
Under some circumstances, I guess they aren't.  In my case, my employment
NDA was conventional and very simple, and we regularily used our
certification as a marketing point with defense contractors.  In this case,
I don't mind mentioning what I did, I just make sure I'm careful not to say
more than we used in marketing.  This doesn't violate anything I signed.

@_date: 2000-09-13 16:07:20
@_author: Kerry L. Bonin 
@_subject: CDR: Re: VISA to smartcard the US 
Take a look at Dallas Semiconductor's Crypto iButton family.  FIPS level 2
and 3 certified DSA/SHA services with a JVM in a large watch battery form
factor, under $50 for FOB and interface.  (Disclaimer - I don't work there,
I've just used their products for many years now and have designed them
into a dozen odd products.)  Many interesting places use these as personal
certificate storage to authenticate access.

@_date: 2000-09-18 13:22:55
@_author: Kerry L. Bonin 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Amex supports CARNIVORE enabled Anonymity System 
The indirect problem with Mondex is that while the card-to-card level
transactions are theoretically less traceable than a typical online
validation, they (the cards themselves) still store at least 10 previous
transaction records including full card id.  Additionally, every programmer
of Mondex interface devices and terminals (including myself, at one time)
gets ordered by at least one involved party (the bank, the terminal
manufacturer, the terminal financier, ect.) to include full audit trail
generation from card-chip and any downloaded card-card transaction
histories for uploading as part of nightly settlement.  (Which is why I
stopped supporting Mondex...)  This defeats the otherwise good anonymity
possible with Mondex.

@_date: 2000-09-18 16:44:06
@_author: Kerry L. Bonin 
@_subject: CDR: RE: was: And you thought Nazi agitprop was controversial? 
To one extent, this has already happened.  Under 15 CFR Part 740.13, in
order to distribute public domain / open source cryptographic software
without the classic restrictions under ITAR, you have to register yourself
by sending an email to the NSA (well, the BXA address whose office happens
to be in Ft. Meade.)  So we already have mandatory registration for open source crypto developers.
If key escrow legislation finally passes, they've got the list of
individuals and companies to lean on, and imagine thats where licensing
will come in.

@_date: 2000-09-19 16:22:12
@_author: Kerry L. Bonin 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Qualcomm CEO loses laptop - AP article illegal under DMCA? 
drive and
Abbott said. Doesn't the above message now constitute a crime under DMCA?  Couldn't
Microsoft and/or Qualcomm now bring charges against the AP for revealing
how to circumvent their protection (sic) measures?

@_date: 2001-08-08 17:13:39
@_author: Kerry L. Bonin 
@_subject: Secret Warrants and Black Bag Jobs--Questions 
There is the additional use of evidence raised publicly in LA a few years
back - that LEO routinely passed information collected during wiretapping
to other officers that could be used to collect legal grounds for
admissible search against people not directly related to the initial
wiretapping.  In the LA case, this was sometimes as simple as "be at X at Y
time", where the tipped off LEO could observe an incident "accidentally"
without having to reveal their source.
I'd imagine this would depend on the nature of the investigation.  If the
feds can make a case that unsealing the warrant could compromise a
"critical contact" (even if they are in fact a worthless paid informant
used as a warrant justification factory) or a "critical technical means"
(i.e. Radio Shack directional microphone), its likely this would never be
unsealed.  There are also cases where "national security" is raised by
SS/CIA/NSA/EPA(sic), and the public will never see any of the paperwork

@_date: 2005-10-27 06:52:57
@_author: Kerry Bonin 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] P2P Authentication 
There are only two good ways to provide man-in-the-middle resistant
authentication with key repudiation in a distributed system - using a
completely trusted out of band channel to manage everything, or use a
PKI.  I've used PKI for >100k node systems, it works great if you keep
it simple and integrate your CRL mechanism - in a distributed system the
pieces are all already there!  I think some people are put off by the
size and complexity of the libraries involved, which doesn't have to be
the case - I've got a complete RSA/DSA X.509 compliant cert based PKI
(leveraging LibTomCrypt for crypto primitives) in about 2k lines of C++,
<30k object code, works great (I'll open that source as LGPL when I
deploy next year...)  The only hard part about integrating into a p2p
network is securing the CA's, and that's more of a network security
problem than a p2p problem...
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at zgp.org
Here is a web page listing P2P Conferences:
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-10-31 07:25:20
@_author: Kerry Bonin 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] P2P Authentication 
In my experience w/ pretty hardcore authentication and security domains,
it is pretty much impossible to guarantee that a remote node connecting
over an untrusted network is running trusted code.  For every clever way
to try and detect a compromised client, there are even more clever ways
to subvert the detection process.  The simplest model - simply reverse
engineer the network traffic via packet capture, and write a client that
looks identical from the network traffic.  One example of a common
client validation approach is requesting a strong checksum of some
random range of the client or its dataset, but this is pretty trivial to
circumvent once you have a complete copy of the client and have reverse
engineered its checksum algorithm.
In my experience, if you really care about what your node are doing,
then NEVER trust ANY node - validate every bit of every packet.
If you are trying to catch compromised nodes, there are clever ways to
do that - build heuristic models that examine what nodes are doing, and
forward captures to admin nodes for human analysis for heuristic
refinement and analysis of what your attackers are up to.  While it is
in theory impossible to allow users to do "anything" and still catch a
user "doing something they're not supposed to", it may be possible to
specify terms in your EULA that define constraints users would not
typically violate, and respond with penalties that are not too strong
for the corner cases where a user triggers a false positive by crossing
the line.  An example of this in the file sharing domain would be
temporary bans on nodes that initiated too many searches in some time
frame, suggesting spidering.  On the other hand, clever
counter-heuristics and large numbers of zombies can defeat most
heuristics - see SPAM for many examples...
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at zgp.org
Here is a web page listing P2P Conferences:
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]
