
@_date: 1996-02-13 09:59:46
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorship and Snooping at Winthrop University 
Following are portions of a message I sent to Winthrop University
administrators. They're considering a heinous new policy that says:
"No information should be exchanged through E-mail that is not official University business.  No personal or confidential information should be exchanged and all communications are subject to periodic and/or random
audit by the Office of Information Technology to ensure compliance with
this policy."
---------- Forwarded message begins here ----------
        moressiw at winthrop.edu, jonesr at winthrop.edu, cormierp at winthrop.edu
cc: wellsj at winthrop.edu, harrisoc at lurch.winthrop.edu, browne at winthrop.edu,
        duboisp at winthrop.edu, margare946 at aol.com,
        fight-censorship+ at andrew.cmu.edu
February 12, 1996
Dear Winthrop University Administrators:
I was disturbed to read a recent Associated Press article reporting that
Winthrop University has censored the web pages of two of your students and
suspended the students from classes after one of them placed nude
photographs online. I was even more dimayed to read that your school's
proposed computing policy allows university officials to snoop through
your students' electronic mailboxes at will.
For shame! The American Library Association's draft policy recommendation
on electronic services and networks says, on student computer accounts:
    No user should be restricted or denied access for expressing or
    receiving constitutionally protected speech. No user's access
    should be changed without due process, including, but not limited
    to, notice and a means of appeal.
The American Association of University Professors endorsed this statement
on academic freedom, published in the July-August 1992 _Academe_, which
says in part:
    On a campus that is free and open, no idea can be banned or
    forbidden... Free speech is not simply an aspect of the educational
    enterprise to be weighed against other desirable ends. It is the very
    precondition of the academic enterprise itself.
Regarding your plans to look at student email, more information is
available at ftp://ftp.eff.org/pub/CAF/faq/email.privacy, which says:
    According to Mike Godwin, legal services counsel for the Electronic
    Frontier Foundation (EFF), the U.S.'s Electronic Communications
    Privacy Act (ECPA) could be reasonably construed to protect university
    email. This is also the reported opinion of the U. of Michigan's
    lawyers. Also, the U.S.'s Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act
    gives students at all public and most private schools some privacy
    rights. According to the AAUP statement and according to the fundamental
principles of academic freedom, universities must protect controversial
speech on their campuses. If Winthrop University does not, it is violating
its historic commitments to free speech and turning its pledges to uphold
academic freedom and freedom of expression into broken promises. I've copied this message to the fight-censorship mailing list, which has
among its subscribers roughly 50 journalists interested in online
censorship issues, including writers from TIME, Newsweek, The New York
Times, The Washington Post, Internet World, WIRED, and many others. I
invite you to clarify your university's position and respond directly to
the mailing list. Cyberspace is developing quickly, and I feel confident
that Winthrop University would not want to be known as an online leader in
repression, censorship, and Orwellian thought-policing. I trust that a school such as Winthrop University, with such a
distinguished College of Education, will not neglect the fundamental
principles upon which your university was founded. I hope that you
understand that voiceless speech and inkless press must receive the same
protections as voiced speech and inked press. I urge you to reconsider your policies. I look forward to your reply. Very truly yours,
Declan McCullagh
PS: I'm attaching a file from Carl Kadie's Computers and Academic Freedom
archive, at  More information is also available at the Justice on Campus project, at
