
@_date: 1993-08-06 10:15:12
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: No Subject 
Uncertainty on the availability of DES versus Clipper based products
from AT&T has sparked some interest.  Parties within AT&T were contacted to determine the state of their products.
DES is not available in AT&T TSD products and one person said "NSA doesn't
want DES in the TSD." #  Also, the clipper algorithm is currently unavailable
and expected in "September".   This person deferred to a second person who provided the following:
The 3600 is available with two proprietary AT&T encryption algorithms, one ITAR compliant, one for U.S. persons only.  Two Telephone Security Devices
(TSD) will attempt to hierarchially establish security, the higher security
being non-ITAR compliant.  This will be extended to the clipper algorithm
(highest) when available.  Neither proprietary algorithm is in the public
domain.  [Apparently NSA is perfectly happy with these. + ]
You can buy TSDs now, and pay an extra fee (reasonable) for the ungrade path
to clipper when available (September not absolutely guaranteed).  Paying the
fee will allow you to exchange the TSD for a new and improved one at a later
date.  The hold up on clipper is availability from Mykotronx and questions
were deferred to "the NSA".  AT&T has been performed product integration tests
with clipper and is ready to go as soon as chips are available.
Their willingness to sell clipper phones is predicated on marketplace acceptance and the prospect of having a national standard with the chance of interoperability between different manufacturers.  There is a perceived need for voice security products, and the balance with respect to "legitimate
law enforcement access" was discussed.  There was some confusion about
key management, which was inferred to be present in the clipper chip.
[The question arises as to which clipper chip they are waiting on, the
MYK-78 or the MYK-80 which has key management features.  The question also arises as to whether or not the MYK-78 is susceptible to a captured control programming attack to prevent transmission of the Law Enforcement Access Field, with an inferred assumption that the MKY-80 does not share this vulnerability. *]
AT&T will continue to market the present 3600 sans clipper with the two
proprietary encryption algorithms (ITAR/U.S. ONLY).  This was stressed
rather strongly.  The question of relative strenght of cryptographic
algorithms was brought up.  There were no conclusions, as no common
metric can be used, with one public algorithm, two proprietary and one
classified algorithm.  DES availability was discussed and was inferred
to be affected by international agreements limiting DES proliferation.
The TSD uses RCELP, a proprietary vocoder that is supposed to add
fidelity over CELP, and is supposed to encode female voices better,
with better treble.  AT&T feels RCELP is superior to anything else
at 4800 baud.  This raised the question of licensing for RCELP.  RCELP is
not in the public domain to date.  Executive resistance to CELP at 4800
baud is supposedly a good sell for RCELP.
The 4800 baud limitation is based on the least common denominator of
analog cellular communications paths, which won't support V.32 (9600 baud).
The greatest need for telephone security devices is seen for cellular
The 3600 optionally comes with 5 handset interface modules (as opposed to
one for the base product) that interface different phones to the TSD.
This is required based on different frequency response of handset microphones
as well as signal amplitudes.  The 5 interface modules are considered
universal - covering all types of phones.  Think of this as signal conditioning
to make the RCELP vocoder perform better.  The standard power supply takes
110 VAC, 60 Hz.  An optional universal power supply and international power
package are available.
# Is DES secure enough to cause heartburn for our 3 letter agencie cousins?
+ the inferrence being that DES is higher security than either proprietary
  algorithm.
* It has been reported that MYK-80 chips exist and have been tested by
  Mykotronx.

@_date: 1993-08-13 10:52:58
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Beepers can also be used to track you down! 
All you need is a faraday cage, an all metal enclosure with metal to metal
contacts between all its surfaces.  A Copper brillo type scrub pad, expanded
out to make a pocket big enough for the pager.

@_date: 1993-08-13 12:18:27
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: No Subject 
I had heard that Motorola was talking about pagers based on the cellular
phone system, with hand off between cells, etc.   That would imply XMIT.
As far as local detection, I understand that in Britain vans go around
with sniffing gear looking for IF freqs to find unlicensed TVs.
When in the Air Force, we used to leave our pagers in Faraday cages when
going into some of the SCFs, which were built with the copper mesh in the
walls etc.  The idea being that you didn't want any being carried on
IF from the pager.
As far as the microwave oven, fine you can hide in there, but watch out
for them.. one of THEM may come by and turn it on...

@_date: 1993-08-13 13:28:27
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: pagers 
Geez, you would have thought they were bank tellers, too.  Seems silly they wouldn't trust us to just turn them off.  They would certify coffee pots going into the SCFs too, once in they can't come back out.

@_date: 1993-08-13 20:33:45
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: No Subject 
I used to have a collection of COMSEC posters, which were at best inane.
Sort of in the same vein as a T shirt, how about:
   CRIPPLED PRIVACY:       [ Artwork of MYK-78A ]  / (or replace with Uncle SAM pointing finger)
  N ever
   S ay
    A nything you DON'T         want overheard.
  [ Artwork of MYK-78A ]
   (identifying legend)
    Cryptographically
    Secure from all but
    Government TYRANNY
    Does PRIVACY have  to
    be  a choice  between
    being eavesdropped on
    by  anybody   OR  the        U.S. GOVERNMENT?
    SECURE CRYPTO is  the     ultimate FREE SPEECH!
   [ Artwork of Robot Cop, from
     THX 1138 ]
  [ speech bubble "Are you now, or     have you ever been ... ? ]
    A country that can have
    the McCarthy Era has no
    business  allowing  its
    government  to  spy  on     its Citizens.
   BAN MANDATORY PHONE BUGS!
   [ Artwork of SPY with headphones ]
    PRIVACY is  not  having  to
    worry about being overheard
    by  the  government.   FREE
    SPEECH  doesn't  end at the
    your phone handset.
Unfortunately George Orwells 'Animal Farm' isn't widely enough read to us quotes for making the point.  Its probably only applicable after the
other shoe drops anyway.
Did you notice that the artwork in Dorthy Dennings 'American Scientist'
article showed a minority member with headsets listening to a decoded
clipper phone conversation?  One wonders if this was intended as a propoganda ploy to disarm as being Politically unCorrect (PUNC) critizism
of the action?
What we need is a national talk show host/comedian belittling the
governments plan.

@_date: 1993-08-18 08:45:42
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: No Subject 
As I understand it the Libertarian Party qualifies membership to exclude
any endorsement of violent overthrow of government.  While some portion
of those affected by this policy may well have gone underground, I don't believe that cypherpunks as a committee of the whole are willing or ready to do so.
Then again as someone pointed out yesterday, cypherpunks aren't just libertarians and/or may be unwilling to accept this sentiment.  Some portion,
however large of those receiving this mailing list, may not agree with this
political leaning and may not consider it germaine to their participation.
Avoiding the appearance of endorsing the violent overthrow of government is prudent policy for any organization.

@_date: 1993-08-18 10:50:42
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: No Subject 
Two points of clarification:
1) I do not now, nor have I in the past advocated the violent overthrow
   of any domestic government.  I am also opposed to the overthrow of
   foreign governments on moral grounds.
2) The necessity to distance ones self or organization (as may have occured
   in the case of the Libertarian Party) from what should be in effect
   an expression of free speech, smacks of McCarthyistic opression.
(this was what was hidden beneath the cynicism and 'waffle')
Thanks for rising to the occasion.
A country that can have a McCarthy Era has no business giving more power
to its government.

@_date: 1993-12-03 14:19:10
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Applied Crypto can be a menace to you anonymity? 
So, buy a copy from Bruce, he mentioned something about ordering a 100
copies recently, I got one from him.

@_date: 1993-12-17 09:51:20
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Bobby Inman 
Ultron is around the San Jose area, a manufacturerer of a Type I CCEP
chip, comprised of a classified piece of silicon contained in a 68 pin
PGA package along with a 8741 family single chip computer.  Ultron also
appears to be the originator of the crypto ignition key (speculation).
I recall seeing adds for the chip in Electronics, circa 1985-6.

@_date: 1993-07-27 16:31:25
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: No Subject 
How about a mailed fist holding a key, with the caption
Privacy is our Profession

@_date: 1993-11-01 11:34:47
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Secure Phone Progress (fwd) 
(lets see if I can do this without screwing up the spelling)
Thats CELP - Codebook Excited Linear Predictive coder.
The reason everyone targets 4800 baud is to allow operation over analog
cellular phones, which won't support faster transmissions.  The government
extensively uses secure voice systems over cellular phones.  The market
place for secure voice follows the government.  CELP can be a single chip
solution (QUALCOMM, $70 in 10K, (QCELP)).  I'm not sure AT&T Surety Communications devices use a single chip solution,
they're guaranteed to use AT&T DSP chips.  A proprietary vocoder (ACELP)
is used, which is supposed to work better with female voices.
A large part of insuring the quality of compressed voice falls under the
heading of signal conditioning.  AGC for dynamic range, pre-emphassis or
otherwise filtering to match the frequency response of the input (mic and
AT&T sells 5 plug-in modules to their 3700 unit which are considered adequate to interface to all the phones out there.  I recall there was
one for a 500 series phone, and one for NEC phones.

@_date: 1993-11-03 07:52:25
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: TRW PhonePrint (fwd) 
I would take it that this would have to operate at the cell level?

@_date: 1993-11-22 21:38:05
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: No Subject 
reproduced with attributation:
issue 773, page 1 and page 78.
U.S. weighs Clipper chip alternatives
   BY GEORGE LEOPOLD
Washington -  The Clinton adminstration
is readying a new encryption policy that
could help defuse industry opposition to
introduction of the government-developed
Clipper chip by embracing commercial
technologies as alternatives for network
security, according to government and
industry sources.
  A National Security Council panel led
by George Tenet, special presidential
assistant for intelligence programs, is
completing a broad review of government
encryption policy with an eye toward
employgin the Clipper chip, as well as
commercial alternatives, to ensure privacy and security on public networks. Those would include the proposed electronic
superhighway, or National Information
Infrastructure (NII).
  Tenent could not be reached for
comment on the review's status, but a U.S. official said last week the results
of the seven-month National Security Council policy review will be announced
  The Clipper chip, backed by the National
Security Agency and proposed by the Clinton
administration in April as a new data-encryption
standard, is widely viewed by industry critics
as a fait accompli, since the spy agency
wants to use it to protect intelligence data.
  Asked in an interview last Monday whether the
policy review sould resutl in modification of
the Clipper chip proposal,  Michael Nelson, special assistant for information technology in the
White House Office of Science and Technology
Policy, acknowledged the need to consider other
encryption technologies for network security,
including software solutions.  He also said the
government should have sought greater industry
participation before proposing the Clipper chip.
  Industry opposition to the Clipper chip resurfaced at a recent government-industry summit in San Fancisco (see Nov. 8, page 1).
During a panel on the NII, Nelson told angry company executives that the Clinton admininistration
would no impose Clipper on industry or rule out
alternative encryption technologies.
  "Clipper is not a silver bullet, it's not even
a brass bullet," Nelson said.  "It's only one
  He added, "If we don't address these (network security)
issues, people won't use the NII."
  Nelson said last week the National Security Council
review was designed to bring industry and Congress into the process of looking for commercial solutions,
besides Clipper, to the network-security issue.  Industry
groups said last week they have contributed to the review,
which began shortly after Clipper was proposed.  The review
is expected to result in a decision on how to implement
  A decision on how to proceed with the Clipper proposal
was scheduled for Sept. 1 but was delayed in response
to recommendation from a private-sector advisory group
to the Commerce Department.
  Clipper, which scrambles telephone conversations using
an encryption algorithm called Skipjack, is at the heart
of an administration initiative announced in April on secure telecom networks and wireless communications links.
Forced to balance the interests of companies and private
citizens with law-enforcement and national-security needs,
President Clinton ordered a comprehensive review of U.S.
encryption policy adressing:
  x Privacy, including the need for voice and data
    encryption to protect proprietary business data.
  x The ability of federal law-enforcement officials to     tap phones and computers.
  x The employment of modern technology to build the NII,
    including encryption technolgy needed to protect
    proprietary information transmitted over the information
    superhighway.
  x The need for American companies to build and export
    high-technology products to boost U.S. competiveness.
    U.S. companies may offer encryption as a feature of     software sold in the United States, but are prohibited
    from including encryption in commercial software exports.
    Proponents of decontrolling encrypted software aruge that
    restrictions are useless because encryption technology is
    widely available (see Oct. 18, page 18).
  Acknowledging industry's concerns, the initiative also includes the creation of a key-escrow system to insure the
Clipper chip would be used to protect privacy.  (A Commerce
Department official said last week the government has dropped the Clipper moniker, referring to it instead as the
"key-escrow chip", out of concern for possible trademark
  Devices incorporating the chip would have two unique
software keys government investigators would need to decode
encoded messages.  Two key-escrow data banks would be
overseen by a pair of independent agencies designated by the
Justice Department and the White House.  A decision on which
agencies will oversee the databases has not been made,
Commerce spokeswoman Anne Enright Shepherd siad last
  According to a White House statement announcing the encryption policy, "We need the Clipper chip and other approaches that can both provide law-abiding citizens the
access they need and prevent criminals from using it to
hide their illegal activities."
  Depsite the administration's insistence that Clipper and the rest of the encryption policy are voluntary efforts, many
U.S. high-tech companies have opposed it (see June 21, page 28).
Instead, they want policy makers to retain the ubiquitous
federal Data Encryption Standard (DES) and use other public-key
technologies, such as RC-2 and RC-4.  DES uses a 56-bit key
while Clipper employs an 80-bit key.
  Clipper "was forced upon [the Clinton administration] before
they had the chance to evaluate its impact," Bruce Heiman, a
Washington attorney representing the Business Software Alliance,
said last Tuesday.  "NSA sold them a bill of goods."
  The policy review means "they relaize that Clipper has problems
... but they don't want to rule it out entirely," Heiman said,
adding that industry would accept Clipper as one alternative to
network security only if it is a part of a truly voluntary program that includes public-key encryption.

@_date: 1993-11-30 07:37:49
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Eric Hughes & the Cypherpunks Movement 
(In your best N.E. accent)
"ahll righht, who faarted?!"

@_date: 1993-10-13 08:26:39
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Native American Encryption?! 
Navajo (Navaho) Indians.  Referred to as Code Talkers.  I believe you'll
find something in David Kahns "The Code Breakers".  They were used in
tactical situations.
To break an otherwise unknown language would require context, such as
good traffic flow analysis and otherwise good intelligence.  I beleive
there was a program on A&E (TV) on the Navajo code talkers in the Pacific
(WWII).  Navajo code talkers used lots of colloquilisms and all new
each other more or less.  You could have ended up attacking language
code in sets between two code talkers.

@_date: 1993-10-14 08:30:00
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: DES: breaking, attacking 
Thats complementation.  T is the complement of T'.  T is not complimenting
T' on a new pair of shoes.
Whose book?
There is a recent paper on brute force DES breaking:
ripem.msu.edu:/pub/crypt/docs/des_key_search.ps, which discusses pipelined DES chips capable of doing 50 Million DES iterations per second.
(I believe the rate is conservative, and can be increased by 50 percent.) The point being that any concept of time to attack DES found in print
is in danger of being inaccurate shortly after publication.
Also DES runs 1,000 - 2,000 times faster in hardware than software implementations (although someone sent mail saying they had a CRAY MP
software version).
NSA tried to get DES decertified for unclassified government data in
1987-88.  I would guess they either saw the handwriting on the wall or
have a key breaking machine.  The machine in the paper cited above could
break a key in 3 1/2 hours for $1 million in hardware costs, or a few minutes for $10 million worth of hardware.
There are several criteria involved in cost/protection.  NSA is still
discouraging the spread of DES.  Enough people using DES everywhere would
make it harder to pick who they target, or require lots of key breaking
machines to search for keys to lots of traffic.  Assuming that an adversary
had a machine capable of doing a search in 3 1/2 minutes that he could
dedicate to finding your key, how often would you have to change keys to
make it not worth while?  If he was very interested in your traffic, it
becomes a question of volume - can he decrypt all the traffic you generate
in 24 hours in a 24 hour interval?  A dedicated target search with unlimited
money would make DES totally insecure.  If on the other hand they have
to wade through lots of encrypted traffic (Because there is no Law Enforcement
Access Field ala clipper) from various parties, and it all needs to
be decrypted, the cost/benefit ratio goes to hell.  The real world falls
somewhere in between.
Hardware key attack machines can be defeated by using variants of
the cryptographic algorithm they attack.  Most variations of DES have
been shown to be cryptographically weaker (Biham-Shamir, "Differential
Cryptanalysis of the Digital Encryption Standard", (Chap 4), Springer-Verlag
1993).  The Biham-Shamir book does point to at least one method of
modifying DES that doesn't weaken it, incidently closing the complementation
property.  A lot of people have been using triple DES for years.
There are several other schemes, or algorithms that are supposed to be
harder to break for that matter.  DES has had the lions share of non-government
attention in the last several decades.

@_date: 1993-10-20 16:52:50
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Paper Shredders 
Having been an AFSC 30670 (Electronic and Cryptographic Equipment Systems
Technician), and been assigned in hazardous areas you use document destroyers
on paper stuff - glass vials with grenade fuses).  Equipment destroyers
were 35 lb thermite charges, designed to sit on top of a standard piece
of equipment in a 19 inch relay rack.  I had orders to Iran but got diverted
when the Shah fell.  The liquid in the document destroyers was clear, and
we got to set one off for demo purposes twice a year (never did get to
set off thermite, though).  Had a one acre room half filled with crypto,
thermite would have brought the roof and lots of airconditioners down.
All the key cards were treated with lead acetate, they would burn without
leaving anything but a greasy wisp of ash.

@_date: 1993-10-22 07:22:55
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Sharing a secret 
With a key K of size j (goddamn fortran anyway), i parties can share
the secret with a threshold of i (requiring all i parties key part)
by generating i parts P such that K = Pi XOR Pi-1 XOR ... P1.  All
the parts P are the same size as K, which keeps the effort of guessing
a missing part equal to j, or the size of the key k itself. Such a scheme is not ideal for keys K that have a deterministic

@_date: 1993-10-25 08:45:16
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: ADMIN: proposed new policy 
It seems if transmissions to a list must pass through a server, then
the server should be used for authentication.  Otherwise, the entire
thing is nothing but wasted bandwidth and `visual noise`.  (Unless
it is meant as make work for a three letter agency).

@_date: 1993-10-26 07:58:48
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: MEDUSA'S SNAKE SPEAKS 
Found in my mailbox. I've contacted root at netcom.com. Any suggestions?
(the login name has been changed to conceal the guilty, do not attempt
to use it. I added the quote at the end for effect. Do you like it?)
Ya, change your login/get an aliases for posting, lie fallow, be succinct.
If one were to consider your stature in posting to the net as coin or
valuata, both parties to the above exchange are passing bad checks.
produce, consume, die.

@_date: 1993-09-10 09:03:48
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: No Subject 
DES users change their keys awful frequently.
The way to get plaintext is through what is known as revealed-plaintext,
where you can with a high degree of accuracy 'guess' part of the plaintext
of a message, such as "From: Col. Dimwitt" in a message format, or the
title of a paper or document, which is usally unclassified and knowable
from another source.
Fearing such, our illustrious 3 letter governmental organization implemented
with the advent of electronic crypto gear (set your way back machine, sherman)
something called traffic flow security, where on a radio net or dedicated
line a cryptographic stream continously runs.  The idea is to make it
hard to distinguish boundaries of messages, and thus revealed-plaintext.
This also allows the use of the caveat - EFTO (Encrypted For Transmission Only)
seen on unclassified messages, hey the line was otherwise idle, waiting for
classified traffic, right?
Modern communications are swinging toward the use of packets, which beside
allowing traffic analysis unless the transmission medium is denied (Such
as using link encryption as a super encryption, or dedicated lines, etc.).
The way to offset to offset the vulnerability to revealed-plaintext attacks
is to use filling where some random data followed by a sync or start of
message symbol preceeds the the actual message.  All message traffic should
be encrypted in general, making it hard to separate the wheat from the
chaff.  Ideally the only unencrypted data should be that required for
operating the communications protocol, including denial of packet ordering
if possible.
There's a paper found on the NIST anonymous ftp site entitled 'Security in
ISDN' by William E. Burr that can be informative.  Its available in PostScript
and is around 70 pages long.

@_date: 1993-09-22 07:21:53
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: crypto import 
Mayhaps this explains why the Treasury is involved with Grady/Zimmerman

@_date: 1993-09-23 07:57:15
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Propriety of crypto on Munitions List 
I would guess that they have good grounds for an appeal now that the ITAR
has been changed to except the VideocypherII (unless they were exporting
studio or professional quality equipment):
                                FEDERAL REGISTER
                                VOL. 58, No. 139
                             Rules and Regulations
                              DEPARTMENT OF STATE
                       Bureau of Politico-Military Affairs
       22 CFR Parts 120, 121, 122, 123, 124, 125, 126, 127, 128, and 130
                              [Public Notice 1832]
          Amendments to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations
                                    Part II
                                  58 FR 39280
DATE: Thursday, July 22, 1993
  Enumeration of Articles
   121.1 -- General. The United States munitions list.
   (a) The following articles, services and related technical data are
designated as defense articles and defense services pursuant to sections 38 and
47(7) of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2778 and 2794(7)). Changes in
designations will be published in the Federal Register. Information and
clarifications on whether specific items are defense articles and services unde
this subchapter may appear periodically in the Defense Trade News published by
the Center for Defense Trade.
  Category XIII-Auxiliary Military Equipment
   (a) Cameras...
   (b) Information Security Systems and equipment, cryptographic devices,
software, and components specifically designed or modified therefor, including:
   (1) Cryptographic (including key management) systems, equipment, assemblies,
modules, integrated circuits, components or software with the capability of
maintaining secrecy or confidentiality of information or information systems,
except cryptographic equipment and software as follows:
   (viii) Limited to receiving for radio broadcast, pay television or similar
restricted audience television of the consumer type, without digital encryption
and where digital decryption is limited to the video, audio or management
(The VideocypherII falls here)
What were the dates of the conviction and appellate court decisions?

@_date: 1993-09-29 14:41:49
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Clipper specifics 
Having read the chip spec for the MYK-78 carefully, being a chip/hardware
weenie type, having military experience in cryptographic systems, and
having exposure to Type I chips (which have a lot of similarity to
clipper) there is a fundamental architecture feature of the MYK-78 that
can be exploited.  The MYK-78 allows multiple cryptographic contexts (encryption or decryption sessions) to be processed at the same time.
This is intended to allow a chip with a single instantiation of the
cryptographic algorithm to be used for full duplex communications.
It requires all simultaneous encryption/decryption sessions to use the
same session key although multiple cryptographic vectors (from different
initial vectors) may be used.  The MYK-78 is fast enough (bandwidth wise)
to allow 20-30 duplex vocoder conversations, and could be used in a
secure phone bridge using a single clipper chip.
The undocumented or classified protocol requires that LEEFs be used for
each session, extracted for transmission and input for reception.  The
chip requires that for every initial vector generated/requested that
the included Law Enforcement Exploitation Field (LEEF or 'greened' LEAF)
be subsequently input to enable decryption.  The LEEF is output when
the IV is read, the IV is part of the LEEF.  (You can see that to use a single MYK-78 for multiple duplex conversations requires care in assuring
that the distant end supplies its IV.)
Cryptographic context for multiple sessions (send and receive sides for
a single duplex path) is save through the use of save and restore context
commands. To get around sending the LEEF we instead generate an IV,  followed immediately by a save crypto context command (which produces the IV
without the LEEF).  The feed the IV (actually the LEEF to our own chip to enable decryption.  We transmit the IV(sans LEEF) through separate protocol to the distant end.  We receive the distant ends LEEFless IV
and use it with the restore crypto context command to initialize the
decryption session.  This allows both ends to operate without actually
transmitting a LEEF.  Once decryption is enabled cryptographic resyncronization
can be limited to exchange of LEEFless IVs.
Securely exchanging IVs is not without difficulty.  The clipper chip can't be used without establishing secure communications.  Clipper chip modes
can't be changed without requiring IV (and LEEF) introduction for other
than ECB mode.  One possibility is to use the chip in ECB mode with external
XOR and feedback management to support a feedback mode.  Likewise you could
through the use of save/restore crypto context commands and by accepting
the necessity for cryptographic restarts, switch the chip to ECB mode and encrypt the IV, say in a special key, for transmission to the distant end.
A lot of dancing, but no one is allowed to cut in.
Not having seen a clipperphone (there are none currently available),
one wonders if it is possible to play the above described trick with
the clipper chip and implement your own communications protocol,
capturing program control of whatever processor is used.  This gives
you skipjack security without big brother being inside.  A mode switch
could include compatiblility with the Escrowed Encryption Standard (EES).
AT&T uses a proprietary vocoder known as ACELP, which will prevent
knock off products without licensing.
There are only a limited number of ways to prevent you from modifying their
hardware.  1) Built In Test (BIT) features.  The processor operating the phone could
   perform system level integrity checks and could refuse to work if the    code space doesn't check out, say for valid memory contents being    unmodified, or unused memory space not showing up blank.  This could be
   defeated with access to instruction and data streams.
2) With a high enough level of integration no modification may be possible.
   (no visability or ability to modify instructions for operating the clipper
   chip)
3) Refuse to sell you the phones.  Seems silly, but they already have
   rules on who they can sell to (U.S. citizens, corporations), under State
   Department rules.  It seems probable they will do their own distributing
   and large customer could always be denied sales upon request of virtually
   any of the components of the U.S. government.
4) Tamperproof packaging of the phone (I don't think they'd get UL approval
   for self destruct devices), say erasing the vocoder algorithm.
   Sufficient numbers of false zeroizing should defeat this say, organizing
   a couple hundred customers to swamp the system.  You would think a phone
   would be vulnerable to false zeroizing from throwing it in your    briefcase.
5) Refuse to do maintenance and/or void the warranty.  With a sufficient
   level of integration the phones become throw-aways upon failure.  This    doesn't affect organized crime.
6) legal barriers, largely ineffective (making it a federal crime to
   tamper with a clipperphone is a joke).  Outlawing nonrecognizable
   encryption schemes (this could be spoofed, through the use of canned
   LEEFs with session keys you never intend to use, but allows some
   useful intelligence (the serial number) to leak.  A single stolen
   and subsequently destroyed phone could supply the LEEF, but still
   serves as a red flag.  The ability to not transmit the LEEF suggests
   the ability to recognize one.  Intercepting and storing several    thousand (over time) for use randomly as spoofed headers would
   hamper detection.
   This is all predicated on the assumption that at least NSA will
   test suspected crypto streams for clipper, and routinely do    traffic analysis.
You could imagine modifying the phone totally nondestructively, through
the use of chip clips or whatever.
There is no evidence of anything at the chip level requiring periodic LEEF extraction.  This would almost undoubtedly be handled
at the communications protocol level.  One would guess that the feds
would be happy to have the LEEF occur every time you require crypto
sync.  Byte counts could be used to verify all this.
All of this has to be apparent to at least the NSA, and I'm sure that
no disreputable manufacturer will get to play with the clipper chips
and build a product that doesn't adhere to EES.  Having seen the
certification process for implementations of Type I chips, product
certification seems likely.
Blackmarket demand can be generated from two sources: persons seeking
more absolute privacy and criminals seeking secure communications.
I am not at all bothered by the privacy aspect, but would be bothered
by supplying or modifying phones for criminals, depending on the crime.
It seems unlikely that there is any enforceable method to prevent
modification of clipperphones, although discovery of a safe modification
process could consume a large number of phones if  countermeasures
are included.  All this is very sensistive to economy of scale.  The more
phone there are out there, the more blackmarket demand for modified phones
and the easier it would be to avoid detection.
The question is whether given the potential black market for modified
clipperphones, whether skipjack is indeed secure against its creator.
(sounds paranoid, I know)

@_date: 1993-09-30 09:36:54
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: DES  Implementations 
I have three or four faster versions, when I think about it I try and
produce smaller code (Cache size limits, don't you know)

@_date: 1993-09-30 11:22:03
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Clipper specifics (more) 
Mykotronx, Inc.
357 Van Ness Way, Suite 200
Torrance, CA 90501
    (310) 533-8100
FAX (310) 533-0527
The cover title is "VLSI Encryption/Decryption Device Data"
The title block on the first page is "MYK-78 Encryption/Decryption Device"
There is no copyright notice, I'm a bit vague on whether such notice is
required at present.  Each page bears the trademark of Mykotronx.
One of the characteristics of data sheets for type I chips incommon with
the MYK-78, is that no where are byte counts mentioned.  The specs instead
refer to reading or writing requisite bytes to satisfy testable flags.
Even examining key storage device specs (Crypto Ignition Key, etc.) no
byte counts are mentioned, rather a count value is specified in the header
structure.  One could assume that the key size of a type I device is
classified.  Some with exposure to Type I implementations believe that independent round keys are loaded, requiring a lot more storage.  Having
seen references to the cryptographic check word in Type I specs, I don't.
Type I chip Cryptographic Algorithms (CA) are not specified in theire
unclassified spec sheets and are presumeably classified.
It is my personal belief that the cryptographic algorithm (SKIPJACK) may be
the same as used in Type I devices.
Major differences other than ambiguity with respect to the cryptographic
algorithm, between Clipper and Type I devices includes:
1) No Red/Black Separation
   the MYK-78 has a single data port
2) The MYK-78 allows you to "fish" for the Cryptographic Check Word (CCW),
   a value used to verify the key has been loaded correctly.  Type I devices
   require the CCW be correct, otherwise requiring passing through reset.
   This implies a central key management authority.
3) Strict certification requirements for Type I implementations, similar
   to that done for devices/firmware/software used for controling and    releasing nuclear weapons.  One presumes the level of testing for
   Escrow Encryption Standard compliant devices will be done to the
   black box level if conducted by NIST.
4) Some Type I chips include two sets of Cryptographic Algorithm hardware
   for FULL DUPLEX operatiion in a communications environment.  There are
   otherwise higher levels of integration as well.
5) Type I chips generally contain provision for remote rekeying and remote
   zeroizing.  Presumeably these same facilities are instead dedicated to
   the Law Enforcement Exploitation Field in the MYK-78.
6) At least one Type I chip is a hybrid, also cotaining an Intel 8051 type
   microprocessor.
It is possible that the same silicon is used for clipper and Type I devices,
were two different I/O pads (red and black ports) located adjacent but
interleaved, with the same package pin bonded to both pads.  Enabling
CCW fishing could be a bonding option.  While one could argue that red/black
area partitioning might be employed on the silicon it is worth remembering that during encryption, only the final product is black, and  for decryption
the final product is red.  The flexibility in control programming mentioned
for the MYK-78 could reflect the requisite ability to control red and black
ports as well as using remote rekeying/remote zeroizing facilities for LEEF.
Judging from the clipper chip, not much.  The number of clocks for executing
the CA in a Type I chip is the same as the clipper chip (64 clocks).
The MYK-78 has been publicly stated to perform 32 rounds (one could image
64 rounds in 64 clocks).   wcs at anchor.ho.att.com (Bill Stewart +1-908-949-0705)
 a little more information than that, though not much.
 Mykotronix blurb says that the algorithm uses S-boxes, and takes
 clocks to do the encryption; I think someone said it's 32 rounds of
 personal speculation is that it's probably about 24-key-bits
 than DES, but I don't have a good guess on the weak keys issue.
In Dorthy Dennings preliminary report on Skipjack there were several points
of interest brought up in the overview on the cryptographic algorithm:
1) Differential Cryptanalysis
 				           ...We concluded it was not
+   possible to perform an attack based on differential cryptanalysis in
+   less time than with exhaustive search.
    Increasing the number of rounds descreases the S/N ratio.  Changing
    The XOR for mixing key and data iin the cryptographic function f(R,K)
    to an adder would likewise make exhaustive search faster than differential
    cryptanalysis for DES (Chapter 4 of E. Biham and A. Shamir "Differential
    Cryptanalysis of the DES Encryption Algorithm", 1993 Springer-Verlag.)
2) Weak Keys
+                            ... We saw no pattern of symmetry in the
+   SKIPJACK algorithm which could lead to weak keys.

@_date: 1993-09-30 12:06:55
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Clipper specifics (more) 
Mykotronx, Inc.
357 Van Ness Way, Suite 200
Torrance, CA 90501
    (310) 533-8100
FAX (310) 533-0527
The cover title is "VLSI Encryption/Decryption Device Data"
The title block on the first page is "MYK-78 Encryption/Decryption Device"
There is no copyright notice, I'm a bit vague on whether such notice is
required at present.  Each page bears the trademark of Mykotronx.
One of the characteristics of data sheets for type I chips incommon with
the MYK-78, is that no where are byte counts mentioned.  The specs instead
refer to reading or writing requisite bytes to satisfy testable flags.
Even examining key storage device specs (Crypto Ignition Key, etc.) no
byte counts are mentioned, rather a count value is specified in the header
structure.  One could assume that the key size of a type I device is
classified.  Some with exposure to Type I implementations believe that independent round keys are loaded, requiring a lot more storage.  Having
seen references to the cryptographic check word in Type I specs, I don't.
Type I chip Cryptographic Algorithms (CA) are not specified in theire
unclassified spec sheets and are presumeably classified.
It is my personal belief that the cryptographic algorithm (SKIPJACK) may be
the same as used in Type I devices.
Major differences other than ambiguity with respect to the cryptographic
algorithm, between Clipper and Type I devices includes:
1) No Red/Black Separation
   the MYK-78 has a single data port
2) The MYK-78 allows you to "fish" for the Cryptographic Check Word (CCW),
   a value used to verify the key has been loaded correctly.  Type I devices
   require the CCW be correct, otherwise requiring passing through reset.
   This implies a central key management authority.
3) Strict certification requirements for Type I implementations, similar
   to that done for devices/firmware/software used for controling and    releasing nuclear weapons.  One presumes the level of testing for
   Escrow Encryption Standard compliant devices will be done to the
   black box level if conducted by NIST.
4) Some Type I chips include two sets of Cryptographic Algorithm hardware
   for FULL DUPLEX operatiion in a communications environment.  There are
   otherwise higher levels of integration as well.
5) Type I chips generally contain provision for remote rekeying and remote
   zeroizing.  Presumeably these same facilities are instead dedicated to
   the Law Enforcement Exploitation Field in the MYK-78.
6) At least one Type I chip is a hybrid, also cotaining an Intel 8051 type
   microprocessor.
It is possible that the same silicon is used for clipper and Type I devices,
were two different I/O pads (red and black ports) located adjacent but
interleaved, with the same package pin bonded to both pads.  Enabling
CCW fishing could be a bonding option.  While one could argue that red/black
area partitioning might be employed on the silicon it is worth remembering that during encryption, only the final product is black, and  for decryption
the final product is red.  The flexibility in control programming mentioned
for the MYK-78 could reflect the requisite ability to control red and black
ports as well as using remote rekeying/remote zeroizing facilities for LEEF.
Judging from the clipper chip, not much.  The number of clocks for executing
the CA in a Type I chip is the same as the clipper chip (64 clocks).
The MYK-78 has been publicly stated to perform 32 rounds (one could image
64 rounds in 64 clocks).   wcs at anchor.ho.att.com (Bill Stewart +1-908-949-0705)
 a little more information than that, though not much.
 Mykotronix blurb says that the algorithm uses S-boxes, and takes
 clocks to do the encryption; I think someone said it's 32 rounds of
 personal speculation is that it's probably about 24-key-bits
 than DES, but I don't have a good guess on the weak keys issue.
In Dorthy Dennings preliminary report on Skipjack there were several points
of interest brought up in the overview on the cryptographic algorithm:
1) Differential Cryptanalysis
 				           ...We concluded it was not
+   possible to perform an attack based on differential cryptanalysis in
+   less time than with exhaustive search.
    Increasing the number of rounds descreases the S/N ratio.  Changing
    The XOR for mixing key and data iin the cryptographic function f(R,K)
    to an adder would likewise make exhaustive search faster than differential
    cryptanalysis for DES (Chapter 4 of E. Biham and A. Shamir "Differential
    Cryptanalysis of the DES Encryption Algorithm", 1993 Springer-Verlag.)
2) Weak Keys
+                            ... We saw no pattern of symmetry in the
+   SKIPJACK algorithm which could lead to weak keys.

@_date: 1993-09-30 18:07:08
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Who is clipper spying on? 
This proposed standard adopts encryption technology
developed by the Federal government to provide strong
protection for unclassified information and to enable
the keys used in the encryption and decryption processes
to be escrowed. This latter feature will assist law
enforcement and other government agencies, under the
proper legal authority, in the collection and decryption
of electronically transmitted information.
   Data, for purposes of this standard, includes voice,
facsimile and computer information communicated in a
telephone system. Telephone system, for purposes of this
standard, is limited to systems circuit-switched up to
no more than 14.4 kbs or which use basic-rate ISDN, or
to a similar grade wireless service.
I would be willing to believe the baud rate limit is entirely artificial
and predicated on the equipment the NSA is providing for LE use. Then again it is pointed directly at telecommunications (voice, data),
and appears to discourage the use of link encryption, perhaps for traffic flow analysis reasons.  It would appear that someone is very
interested in who uses cryptography and who they talk to with it.
I wonder what Capstone will bring.
   The encryption/decryption algorithm has been approved
for government applications requiring encryption of
sensitive unclassified telecommunications of data as
defined herein.
You don't suppose all this is to simply allow one part of the government
to spy on another, do you?  Is this really some disguised power play?
I mean really, less than a 1000 authorized wiretaps in 1992?  Someone is
spending some big bucks here.

@_date: 1994-04-12 10:53:11
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Crypto, satellites, & China 
The space shuttle has provision for receive only secure voice for
the same reason.  On military missions they carry up codelists
such as one would use over insecure medium.  One wonders if they
install a locking door on one of the lockers for securing classified.

@_date: 1994-04-12 11:23:03
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Clipper Chips in video descramblers 
Recently someone posted reference to GI (General Instruments) getting
authority to use Clipper chips in descramblers.  One wonders about
motivation on their part.  ITAR already exempts the use of crypto
in video descramblers where the crypto cannot be used for other purposes.
DES is already used in descramblers such as the Video Cypher II, and
can be exported under commodity jurisdiction.  It is unlikely that
anyone is going to spend the money to break DES keys and redistribute
pirate authorization.  The chances of discovery are too large.
So, what is their motivation?

@_date: 1994-04-20 17:45:17
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Tessera the PCMCIA Card 
New Products, Digital ICs  (approximately 1/2 page) P. 148
        CRYPTO ENGINE EASES PUBLIC-KEY SECURITY
  Developed by National Semiconductor, the iPower secure microcontroller
holds the encryption algorithms, secret data, and the central processing
unit that processes them.  The chip was designed to remian secure from
electrical probes through the signal pins, as well as from analytical probes
that etch package and circuit layers.  Any such penetration would cause the
stored data to be "zeroed" before it could be read out.  The iPower SPU
consists of a 32-bit CPU core with on-chip ROM, a real-time clock, and a
interfaceto off-chip nonvolatile (battery-backed_ RAM that holds scrambled
data.  The remaining blocks on the chip include the encryption engine,
some battery-backed RAM to hold secured data (master keys, algorithms, or
records) and a host-system bus interface.  The SPU chip can be combined with
off-chip low-power RAM, a battery, and a PCMCIA interface to squeeze the
entire public-key token on a card that meets the PCMCIA's type-1 format.
  The cards, dubbed Tessera after the token ancient Romans used as a ticket
or means of identification, can now be implemented at a relatively low cost
(less than $100 dollars per user for large orders) compared with previous
solutions.  Nevertheless it provides the highest level of commercial
security (FIPS 140-1 level 3).  Encrypted data could provide positive
identification of users, store private medical records, include authorization
codes, or even perform secure transaction processing.
Tessera was an identifier for slaves.
FIPS 140-1 level 3 is not the highest commercial security level,
(per FIPS 140-1, January 11, 1994):
 1.4  Security Level 4
 Security Level 4 provides the highest level of security.
 Although most existing products do not meet this level of
 security, some products are commercially available which meet
 many of the Level 4 requirements.
For the Tessera we know utitilizing CAPSTONE, Escrowed Encryption
is present. It would hardly qualify for performing secure transaction
processing for say money transactions when the U.S. government and/or
other law enforcement agencies  have the ability to break open the
monetary instrument, by obtaining a warrant or through "other authorized
access".  The degree of privacy afforded is not absolute, even to the
extent of the strength of the cryptographic algorithm (assuming transmission
of the Law Enforcement Access Field (LEAF)).  Likewise those able to
obtain access have the ability to tamper with or spoof transactions.
Were it used to control access to facilities, it would certainly enable
"black bag jobs" both physical and virtual.
(Its a type-1 PCMCIA card)

@_date: 1994-04-28 11:16:18
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Paranoia 
I heard last night the the 3rd Battalion of the 12th Special Forces is at Moffett, and that they wanted to modify a building to allow repelling
I personally can't think of any reason for an elite fighting force to
be stationed in an area of urban sprawl.
Has anyone noticed any other elite forces being located in high population

@_date: 1994-08-08 10:03:50
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Problem in draft FIPS `CRYPTOGRAPHIC SERVICE CALLS' 
It appears to be an attempt to formalize the interface to the Tessera card.
The file cryptcal.txt can be found on csrc.ncsl.nist.gov

@_date: 1994-08-09 12:10:56
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Digital Telephony Act 
Whats going to happen when direct satellite phone service becomes a
reality ( as in the joint Loral/Qualcomm effort ) ?
When one notes that it is difficult to impossible to prevent service
stealing in the cellular environment, how will it be prevented in
direct broadcast?
It might not be possible to detect unauthorized encryption schemes
without direct monitoring.  Do the Feds think this is can be won?

@_date: 1994-08-16 09:59:49
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: RemailNet 
The Radio Act of 1934 makes no such distinctions, and does state that
it is illegal to use information intercepted.

@_date: 1994-08-25 11:37:35
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Nuclear Weapons Material 
A clarification.  The A-10 is equipped with a 30mm weapon, the fighters
are equipped with 20 mm.
Its the size (30mm) along with the density (depleted uranium) that makes
the kinetic weapon so effective against armored targets.

@_date: 1994-08-25 20:55:53
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: You can hide from the Chip, but not from the Man. 
After reviewing the NIST rebuttal to Matt Blaze's Paper, 'Protocol Failure
in the Escrowed Encryption Standard', referring to how the Unit ID (UID)
was expanded from 24 bits to 32 bits, I e-mailed the following question to
Dorthy Denning, informing her that I wanted to share the answer.
The question arises, does the unit ID indeed contain a field registered to
the equipment manufacturer?
Professor Denning replied:
"Yes, the UID contains bits that identify the manufacturer."
(I didn't think to ask how many)
The implication is that a counterfeit LEAF is detectible.  As per FIPS Pub
185, The Escrowed Encryption Standard, a transmission or stream of data is preceded by the Cryptographic Protocol Field (CPF) which is registered to a particular application (Clipper phone - AT&T, for example).  The CPF is used
to determine where to find the LEAF, the LEAF Creation Method (LCM) and the
Family Key (KF).  Thus the CPF also identifies the manufacturer, or group of manufacturers for a theoretically second sourced product, by identifying the
data protocols of the encrypted data (RCELP in the case of AT&T). A Bogus LEAF tested against the Escrow Authenticator (EA)  must still match
the manufacturer information found in the Unit ID.  I would expect that
there is between 10 and 12 bits of the UID specifying manufacturer.
The bad news is that to escape detection by the Law Enforcement/National
Security monitoring activity, you need to produce a LEAF that not only
produces an acceptable Escrow Authenticator used by the recipient EES
chip, but also produces a UID falling with some number of bits that matches
LE expectations as a result of examing the CPF.
The problem is that without knowledge of the Family Key and the LEAF
creation method, there is no possiblity of checking for a match in the
UID's manufacturers identifier.

@_date: 1994-08-29 18:25:59
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Nuclear Weapons Material 
One would expect that there should be something in the permissive action
link that prevents a radioactive mess as well, but I have heard these
rumors too.
I always wondered if you could do dial a yield this way.  What you are
inferring is a bunch of cables of different length (delay) or the
equivalent between the firing circuit and the detonators.  The input
delay information would specify which delayed version of the detonate
signal goes down which path.
I get the impression that PAL is a little more complex than that, one
of the reputed goals is to prevent a weapon from being easily modified
to go around safeguards.  Playing with just delays can be overcome by characterizing delays in a dismantled weapon.

@_date: 1994-08-30 16:35:07
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Bad govt represents bad people? 
Since when is the victim responsible for the crime?

@_date: 1994-02-04 17:05:20
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: No Subject 
All this bullshit doesnot state that a court order is required, rather
'legal authorization', which means the NSA for foreign intellingence
purposes without a court order.
Perhaps what is needed is statuatory protection to prevent the NSA
from eavesdropping on U.S. Citizens, communicating domestically,
without a court order.
Lets close a loop hole - no more SHAMROCK

@_date: 1994-02-07 13:20:37
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: DOJ procedures relating to Clipper Chips and key escrow 
Double plus ++ungood.
Needless to say, I had trouble parsing this.

@_date: 1994-02-15 10:31:41
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: LEAF, SS7 
Actually, providing link encryption via CLIPPER only allows identification
of the link, still useful in traffic analysis.
(As a quick means of identifying the link.)

@_date: 1994-02-23 17:36:02
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Digital Telephony Bill 1994 (Draft) 
Is this meant to say it is okay to monitor encrypted communications?

@_date: 1994-01-26 11:07:11
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: 4th ammendment and Cryptography 
With all due respect, I find it difficult to reconcile Ms. Kennedys
assertion that "the people" refers collectively to state organized
militia in the second amendment, without carrying this inference elsewhere.
Her book is extremely fast reading, and well, light.

@_date: 1994-01-26 11:27:10
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: clipper pin-compatible chip 
While the clipper chip and its CCEP brethern have chip specifications that imply that key is supplied as long as a read flag is in a certain
state.  The key for the clipper chip is 10 bytes of actual key plus
3 bytes of cryptographic check word (CCW), for a total of 13 bytes.
Operating in a system expecting a clipper chip potentially restricts
the keyspace.  Non-centrally selected keys use the clipper chip to
'fish' for the CCW, where it is re-fed.  The host system (to the clipper chip) is going to try and feed 10 bytes plush 3 bytes of
a constant.  Utilizing IDEA, the key is supposed to be 16 Bytes.
The point being that dropping an IDEA chip in is not 'plug and play'.

@_date: 1994-01-28 12:02:24
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: No Subject 
Newsgroups: talk.politics.crypto,comp.org.eff.talk
Expires: References: <145309Z26011994 at anon.penet.fi> <2i6g3n$ct4 at crchh327.bnr.ca> Sender: Followup-To: Distribution: Organization: Loral Rolm Computer Systems  Keywords: 28 Jan 94, 11:55 PST
I just talked to someone at AT&T Surety Systems.  The TSD-3600c (the one
with the clipper chip) will be available next week. The person I talked
to would not elaborate as to the present backlog, but said it "wasn't
just one or two".  I asked if the backlog was related to orders for the
Department of Justice (DOJ), and was told that availability next week
was in addition to those "set aside" for delivery to DOJ.  (I didn't
think to ask about a DOJ delivery schedule.) If I hadn't just spent the money on fencing for corrals and paddocks, I'd order a couple to play with.  Maybe I have room on a credit card...

@_date: 1994-01-28 14:02:24
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: 4th ammendment and Cryptography 
I agree with this.  I don't agree personally with liberal democrat
interpetations of the 2nd Amendment.  The first 10 amendments are
the 'Bill of Rights' and are individual rights.
I'm not a democrat, republican, socialist or facist.   Please don't
give my rights away to support your point of view for some other
imagined or real right.
 I am not now nor have I in the past advocated the violent overthrow
    of the United States.
Resolved:  The 2nd Amendment has nothing to do with the right to
           Privacy, with or without respect to cryptography as a
           means to insure privacy from others or the State.
Life Time member of the NRA, who believes Pierre comes on rabid.
Gun owner who receives no vicarious pleasure from guns.
(They don't qualify as fetish items)
A Country that can have a McCarthy era has no business giving more
power to its government.

@_date: 1994-01-28 16:58:18
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: 4th ammendment and Cryptography 
Personally I have a lot of respect for Phil with regards to areas
we can at least agree on.  Hopefully, we can at least agree on
the exercise of free speech.
We can see at the very least that the adage "The enemy of my enemy
is my friend" doesn't hold true for political polarities.
All of us see some threat to rights by government, varying by
degree and intent.  Instead of bickering (and name calling) perhaps
we should seek common ground in this forum: Cryptography.
There are those of us who focus on breaking the government monopoly
on power by removing money from its exclusive control, promoting
digital money with the ability for anonymity.
It would be very hard for a government to be oppressive when it doesn't
control society through its purse strings.
(It makes it hard to unilaterally raise or even have taxes, too.)

@_date: 1994-07-08 21:37:41
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: NII, NSA and Computer Security Act of 1987 
Newsgroups: alt.poltics.org.nsa,alt.politics.datahighway,comp.org.eff.talk
In SIGNAL July 1994, on page 88 there is an ad for the Ninth Mid-Altantic
Intelligence Symposium, 20-21 September at the Applied Physics Laboratory,
Johns Jopkins University, Laurel, Maryland.
The title is 'Security Issues of the National Information Infrastructure (NII)
In fine print "Co-sponsored by AFCEA Central Maryland Chapter and The National
Security Agency".
"The program will begin by outlining in detail the vision of the NII."
[Who's vision?]
"..followed by a series of presentations addressing the security infrastructure
and its relationship to privacy law and policy, requirements for security,
and available technology in the marketplace."
[CAPSTONE, and why requiring it isn't forbidden by the Constitution.]
"The finale will offer a detailed and informative examination of emerging
federal programs and how industry is participating."
"U.S.Citizens Only.  Classified SECRET"
Who the hell co-opted NII for National Security?  Every discussion to date
(at least on the internet) has shown no link to National Security, which
should be the only way NSA is involved.
(ref the Computer Security Act of 1987 assigning NIST responsibility for
development and promulgation of cost-effective computer security standards
and guidelines for the federal unclassified systems community, and their
letter of agreement with NSA.)
Is our friendly TLA breaking CSA 1987 or has Congress been sold a bill of
goods?  (This is analagous to making the phone system a matter of National
Security, something more in tune with an Evil Empire.)
One wonders if this implies Escrow Encryption Standard compliant cryptographic
hardware before one is allowed to participate in what is being billed as a
public accessible service?

@_date: 1994-07-08 22:27:57
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: NII, NSA and Computer Security Act of 1987 
Newsgroups: alt.poltics.org.nsa,alt.politics.datahighway,comp.org.eff.talk
For A contrast see the July/August issue of INFO SECURITY NEWS there are
several articles on security of the NII.
The only person appearing to be aware of any implied EES type protection
is Rep. Edward Markey, (D-MA) who is quoted in Info Highway Security
On securing NII: "We need to conduct a full debate on the Clipper chip and
encryption issues so that people can protect their data and their privacy."
[He is in favor of applying the Bill of Rights to cyberspace]
No one else supports Clipper/Capstone as a serious contender, and a
good number of interviewees see the role of government in the NII as
There are several applicable articles.

@_date: 1994-07-28 11:38:34
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: DES Vulnerable, Why? 
The Commercial COMSEC Endorsement Program (CCEP).  It had two phases,
for type I (classified) and type II (unclassified).  The first phase
stalled rather badly, although eventually gives us STU-IIIs and KG-84
knockoffs.  As late as 1987 NIST was predicting that the type II
phase wouldn't arrive until 1990.  The Clipper chips from Mykotronx
were intended to be part of the type II effort (as can be seen from
the original MYK-78 chip spec and marketing brochures from Mykotronx).
The problem with the type I phase was the duration it took to go from
product proposal approval to prototype completion was a minimum of
32 months.  These delays are caused by manpower and support restrictions
residing in the National Security Agency, partly due to bureaucrary.
Theoretically these roadblocks aren't in place for the unclassified
effort managed by NIST.  We do see that FIPS PUB 140-1 was only issued
this past January.  One wonders in the type II effort has been stalled
purely for bureaucratic reasons.
Clipper/Capstone are actually part of the program.

@_date: 1994-07-28 16:34:17
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Catch-22 
When bureacracies do silly things, the best recourse is to
seek media attention.

@_date: 1994-07-28 17:52:39
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Catch-22 
Thats what comes from putting your real address and name on stuff
you give away.

@_date: 1994-06-01 10:23:38
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Clipper in patent trouble? 
One thing of note from the book on Crypto 92, is that the conference
occurred in August.  The paper on fair crypto systems contains references
to President Clinton and Clipper, having been written or revised between May
and August of 93.
Hardly seems fair for something supposedly presented (and reviewed in
92).  Is it just me or does this seem questionable?  (Possibly being an
attempt to show prior art, or perhaps being simply revised by someone
close to the publication process.)

@_date: 1994-06-01 10:23:51
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: NSA breaks Russian PRNGs with neural networks?? 
I can recall having seen keylists for Soviet crypto, similar (but larger)
than those used for shift register based U.S. tactical crypto from the
Korean War era.  We used to monitor send/receive ciphertext for U.S.
crypto during key changes.  One handy tool was a meter, which would integrate
(low pass) the data stream.  We could easily determine that the key had been
changed by watching the meter.  This was done with idle circuits operating
under traffic flow security (meaning the line was active, data equal to a
constant mark, the encrypted constant mark showing on the data stream).
The distribution of average voltage values (MIL STD 188) and how fast
and furious it would change, hop, skip and jump were generally distinct
between successive keys.
DES S Box outputs have the identical symbol distribution for key and key_not
(E(Rn) xor KSn, input to the S Boxes).  For a given round key (and its
inverse), there are between 0 and 65,536 symbols missing from the domain
of the P permutation (32 bit symbols).  Which symbols and how many that
don't show up are dependant on the key.  Some keys have no missing symbols,
while others have lots.  This is a function of the E permutation and R bit
sharing between adjacent S Boxes.  Someone appears to have been quite
aware of this weakness, the second XOR operation found in a DES round
( (E(Rn) xor KSn) xor Ln )goes a long way towards masking the fact that
some symbols can be missing.
Were DES not to perform the second XOR, you could determine the key
simply by monitoring missing symbols from the output of the S boxes
(P permutation).  Each new symbol found would eliminate certain patterns
from the scheduled key (KSn), a 48 bit value.  It would go a long way
to reducing the number of unknown key bits to the range of easy brute
force attacks.
Now imagine that shift register based crypto generally doesn't mix key and
data as well.  DES  operates on each bit 16 times, more than the typical
shift register based crypto.  Each bit of the output block of DES depends
on all the input bits and all the key bits input to the key scheduler.  A
shift register based crypto with a shift register of a size comparable to
the block size of DES would typically have a lot fewer variables contributing
to each key bit, making brute force attacks on a known crypto system
with known plaintext (including idle data values) much easier.  Now, imagine
that there is statistical significance to the output distribution of 1's
and 0's based on weaker mixing.  This sounds right up the alley for neural
Anyway, I think it really depends on the age of the crypto gear in use.
Older gear tends to be less secure based on shift register size, and
key/data mixing.  There are also rules used to specify tap to input
selections, which eliminate weak keys (the sort of rules enforced by
key card readers).  Attacking a cryptosystem operated with keys provided
from a centralized generation/distribution system would further reduce the
key search domain to strong keys.
Having worked on crypto gear built the year I was born (1954) through the
late '70s, I have no problem believing that Russia is using antiquated (and
thus more vulnerable) crypto today.  Based on replacement cost, the only thing
that would drive comsec gear out of service would be demonstrable weakness
(such as Bush giving Yeltsin intercepts, personnel insecurity with respect
to key handling, etc.), or prohibitive maintenance/operating costs.   After
all, some protection is better than none.

@_date: 1994-06-02 07:46:36
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: News Flash: Clipper Bug? 
I've been saying it can be done for more than a year. I wrote a C model
of some operating code for the chip.  The clipper chip has save and restore
commands that are used to dump and restore the LR register (crypto state).
You keep your own LEAF and feed it back to the chip.  You take the initial
value of the LR register after IV generation and reload, it contains the
IV.  You exchange IVs with the distant end, who has also feed his own
LEAF back to his chip.  You have achieved crypto sync.
The save and restore commands are to allow a single cryptographic algorithm
embodiment to be used for two or more contexts - in the case of a duplex
communications channel - send and receive.
The question should really be how easy it is to subborn a clipper phone
unit.  The TSD 3600 is the only one available at this time.  You need to
be able to capture its programming, either by modifying ROM, exception
handling and additional ROM, etc.
I've been hesitant to buy a couple and try it for several reasons:
1) I'm not sure the key exchange is satisfactory, any TSD 3600 will talk
   to any other.
2) There might be anti-tamper features (re: FIPS Pub 140-1), causing loss
   of crypto variables (say for key exchange).  It might be possible the
   TSD won't operate it all if security features are tripped.  (unlikely,
   when you consider mechanical switches might bounce when one of these
   is thrown is a briefcase).
3) Its potentially a lot of work to capture the instruction stream.  If internal
   ROM is used in something, its probably security locked.  I could think of a couple of ways to make it harder to break into the code
that operates a clipper chip.

@_date: 1994-06-02 08:40:01
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: No Subject 
San Jose Mercury News, Front Page June 2, 1994
SCIENTIST FINDS FLAW IN CODE TECHNOLOGY
New York Times
  A computer scientist at AT&T Bell Laboratories has discovered a basic
flaw in the technology that the Clinton administration has been promoting
to allow law-enforcement officials to eavesdrop on electronically scrambled
telephone and computer conversations.
  Someone with sufficient computer skills can defeat the government's
technology by using it to encode messages so that not event the government
can crack them, according to the Bell Labs researcher, Matthew Blaze.
  For more than a year, the Clinton administration has been advocating the
encoding technology as the best way to ensure the privacy of telephone and
computer conversations while retaining the traditional right of law-
enforcement officials to use court-authorized wiretaps to eavesdrop on the
conversations of suspected criminals or terrorists.
  The technology, based on what is known as the Clipper chip, has been widely criticized by communications executives and privacy-rights advocates,
who fear its Big Brother potential.  The industry also fears foreign customers
might shun equipment if Washington keeps a set of electronic keys.
  But now, Blaze, as a result of his independent testing of Clipper, is putting forth perhaps the most compelling criticism yet:  The technology
simply does not work as advertised.  Blaze spelled out his findings in
a draft report that has been quietly circulated among computer researchers
and federal agencies in recent weeks.
  "The government is fighting an uphill battle," said Martin Hellman,
a Stanford University computer scientist who has read Blaze's paper and is
an expert in data encryption, as the field is known.  "People who want to
work around Clipper will be able to do it."
  But the National Security Agency, the government's electronic spying
agency, which played a lead role in developing the technology, said Wednesday
that Clipper remained useful, despite the flaw uncovered by Blaze. Agency
officials do not dispute the flaw's existence.
  "Anyone interested in circumventing law-enforcement access would most likely
choose simpler alternatives," Micheal A. Smith, the agency's director of
policy, said in a written statement.  "More difficult and time-consuming
efforts, like those discussed in the Blaze paper, are very unlikely to be
A necessary compromise?
  Since announcing the Clipper coding technology 13 months ago, White House
and Justice Department officials have argued forcefully that it is a necessary information-age compromise between the constitutional right to
privacy and the traditional powers of law-enforcement officials.
  The Clinton administration intends to use Clipper, which it is trying to
promote as an industry standard, for the government's sensitive non-military
communications.  The federal government is the nation's largest purchaser
of information technology.   But industry executives have resisted adopting Clipper's electronic
"backdoor," which is designed for legal wiretapping of communications, could
make it subject to abuse by the government or unscrupulous civilian computer
experts, who might eavesdrop without first obtaining a court order and the
electronic "keys" that are to be held in escrow by two government agencies.
Privacy-rights advocates have cited similar concerns.
  Industry executives also have worried that making Clipper a federal
government standard would be a first step toward prescribing the technology
for private industry or requiring that it be included in sophisticated
computing and communications that are to be exported.
Secret conversations
  Blaze said that the flaw he discovered in the Clipper design would not
permit a third party to break a coded computer conversation.  But it would enable two people to have a secret conversation that law-enforcement officials
could not unscramble.  And that could render Clipper no more useful to the
government than encryption technology already on the market to which it does
not hold the mathematical keys.
  "Nothing I've found affects the security of the Clipper system from the
point of view of people who might want to break the system," Blaze said Wednesday.  "This does quite the opposite, Somebody can use it to circumvent
the law-enforcement surveillance mechanism."
  Blaze said that several simple changes to the Clipper design could correct the flaw but that they might be difficult to adopt because they would require
the government to start over in the designing of Clipper.
  The government has already begun ordering telephones containing the Clipper
chip for use by federal agencies, and it is designing another Clipper-based
device, called the Tessera card, for use in personal computers.
  Hellman at Stanford said that the government was counting on most crooks and
terrorists not to go to the trouble of modifying the Clipper design or
otherwise seeking to disable it - fi they used it at all.
System not subverted
  One computer scientist who has been a proponent of the Clipper plan and who
is familiar with Blaze's paper said that the flaw would not immediately subvert
the system.
  "I don't think this undermines the Clipper," said Dorthy Denning, a computer
scientist at Georgetown University and part of a team chosen by the government
to evaluate the technology.  "But it's good to know what the vulnerabilities
  Clipper was designed by researchers at the National Security Agency in cooperation with computer scientists at the National Institute of Standards
and Technology, a civilian agency that is responsible for setting computer
standards for non-military government applications.
  The Clipper chip is known as an "escrowed encryption system."  It is designed
so that law-enforcement officials wishing to eavesdrop on Clipper-encoded
communications must present a court warrant and a special number - or key -
generated by a Clipper chip to two separate government agencies.  Each of the
agencies would hold portions of a special number, which can be used together to decode the conversation.

@_date: 1994-06-02 15:48:03
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Black Eye for NSA, NIST, and Denning 
Gee, now that mab at research.att.com (Matt Blaze), knows where to find
the checksum, and by extension the unit id (Which shows up on labels
in photos on the literature from Mykotronx) - providing a known plaintext,
maybe someone will start working on the family key?
(I won't hold my breath waiting for it to be announced)

@_date: 1994-06-02 16:50:09
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Spoofing Clipper 
I had a fun idea.  Imagine getting enough information together to
spoof clipper transmissions?  The idea being to disguise other types
of secure transmissions as clipper ones. What would be needed would the escrow encryption identifer, a bunch of
damaged LEAF/IV assemblies and a transmission channel that wouldn't
be easily distinguishable from data portions of a clipper transmission.
You start the channel up prepending one of a large number of spoofed
LEAF/IV assemblies.  With enough of these traversing the ether, the chaff/wheat noise ratio
goes down to where having a source identifier (ID in the LEAF) gets
real hit or miss - to where it loses traffic analysis value.  Sort of
growing weeds intentionally on the information superhighway.

@_date: 1994-06-02 17:00:49
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Spoofing Clipper 
If the adversary learns to distinguish false clipper transmissions, you
could always use a fake one to lull him into not listening further.

@_date: 1994-06-02 20:14:00
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Faster way to deescrow Clipper 
Were you not to mind the adversary being able to get the session key, alice
and bob could have an agreed upon modulous (XOR value) for the IV, that could
be introduced by save and restore crypto state commands and xor.
(assuming that a mode were used behaving isosynchronous.)
Would law-enforcement carl know to ask national security bruce for help?

@_date: 1994-06-03 10:31:20
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Faster way to deescrow Clipper 
The session key encoded with the unit key in the Law Enforcement Access Field
is not recoverable.  The unit key is only contained within the orignating
clipper chip, and within the two escrowed key portions.
An external key exchange in performed.  In the case of AT&T TSD 3600s the
key is negotiated between them blindly.
FIPS Pub 185 requires that clipper phones adhere to a protocol not contained
within the FIPS, and requires transmission of the LEAF.
Using a constant unit ID even if the session key is not recoverable, still
leaves you open to traffic flow analysis.  Using a LEAF from another
clipper chip still identifies you (or serves to flag interest).  It would
be a wise to assume that the adversary routinely decodes all LEAFs crossing
their purview, recovering unit IDs.  (Which would at least flag a lot of
counterfeited LEAFS, were ID ranges or (as in IP) prefixes used.)

@_date: 1994-06-03 11:31:18
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Faster way to deescrow Clipper 
I used to work on NSA cryptographic equipment.  One of characteristic of
a system designed to use crypto is the ability to detect crypto sync.
If you have access to the control program (which you would if faking
LEAFS), you would tend to throw out the first block.  The difficulty is
that the DE (distant end) ain't necessarily smart enough to do so (assuming
it has not been modified), and is more than likely looking for a passed data
value (typically a sync symbol) to determine the state of crypto
synchronization.  Were the system consuming data from the enciphered link
properly prepped, it is possible that it would ignore garbage (Assuming the
damaged decrypted first block did not contain the sync), while awaiting
a synchronization indicator.
Most duplex crypto systems use some variant of End Around Prep (EAP),
where the receive data path is used to determine whether crypto synch is
acheived by looking for a constant mark or space, or idle character.  When
the receiver does not provide the proper value the transmit side is knocked
down, the DE receive notices and restarts its transmit.  A data value is
passed through the loop to tell the system to go to operate mode.   Such
functions are generally predicated on having crypto  - and the data system for
which it provides a link, separate.
The point being that a communications system that you can't modify
both ends of may not be able to accept a garbled first block.  Not to mention
that OFB is probably a lot more prevalent for voice applications.

@_date: 1994-06-08 10:27:46
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Crime and punishment in cyberspace - 3 of 3 
The problem is that the Genie of strong cryptography is out of the bag.  A
large part of the internet community is capable of implementing strong
crypto.  Given a publicly available no-trapdoor algorithm, requiring the
'source' be visited, denies wiretap capabilities.  The LEO follows the
flow of information further and further upstream/down stream, noting that
encryption is used.  Eventually one follows the communications media
directly to someones office/residence/car/pocket (which implies bugs
instead of wiretaps).  On the pro-wiretap side this is unacceptable.
On the anti-wiretap side, what we see is the result of haggling over
the price, provisions for wire and control records, which provide for
fishing expeditions in the event the traffic is not particularly
As a corallary, allowing wiretapping but making them extremely expensive
and dangerous to use could be explored - again haggling over the price.
One can imagine making the LEO requesting a tap personally at risk for
draconian retribution in terms both civil and criminal.
It is unclear whether the antis should be prepared to negotiate at all.
There is historical precedence by the U.S. supreme court to suggest that
the right to privacy is absolute.  The problem is that contrary to the
Radio Act of 1934 and various other statutes covering public utility
provided communications, the right to privacy is not being respected
for electronic forms of expression.
Before negotiating to give anything away, this issue should be satisfied.
Hence the direction of a lot of groups like EFF, etc.
The arguments go that no one has an expectation of privacy on unprotected
media.  The answer to that is to use strong crypto.  The second level
argument is that this denies the 'traditional' monitoring for law
enforcement purposes of communications that had no expectation of privacy.
Well I expect privacy with strong encryption.  Tough teat.
But then criminals will have privacy!  (It may be their constitutional right.)
I'm not particularly shocked to hear that someone may commit a crime in
There should be compelling proof to show the needs of society overide
the rights of the individual (in a republic).  The arguments put forth
by the pro-wiretap sides are inadequate to that determination, relying
instead of emotional appeals and other propaganda.

@_date: 1994-06-11 17:28:06
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: The RF-5151DE digital encryption option 
preset.  While Harris has manufactured shift register based secure voice
specified by NSA, it doesn't sound like it is military.  As a guess it
would be intended for export to friendly nations.  A lot of military
radios have board slots for a COMSEC board with whats called a trigraph
designator (E-ABC).  While I don't recall the actual trigraph designator,
it shows us in recent advertisements.  At least one foreign radio manufacturer (Israeli) also provides their own encryption module for
sale to friendly nations.  It used to be popular to supply DES.
Quite a few corporations offer their own encryption algorithms.  AT&T
offers at least two, one of which is exportable.   They advertise a
112 bit key, I think.

@_date: 1994-06-14 21:16:58
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: (None) 
An ascii version of the paper is available on:
the filename is ees_flaw_blaze.paper around 35K bytes

@_date: 1994-03-02 09:49:26
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Clipper/Skipjack 
He is also the marketing manager for CLIPPER/CAPSTONE

@_date: 1994-03-04 11:56:08
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Soundblaster for Secure Voice 
Any number of persons had mentioned the use of a SoundBlaster board for
use in a secure voice application for PCs.
In the February 17, 1994 issue of EDN, there is an article entitled 'Speech-synthesis and -recognition chips personalize consumer products'
by John Gallant, Tecnical Editor, starting on P. 27.
There is a company mentioned, ESS Technology, Fremont CA, (510)226-1088,
that produces two Sound Blaster register level compatible chips, the
ESS488 (without music synthesis) and ESS1488 (with music synthesis).
The ESS1488 will run on 3.3 or 5 volt Vdd, and appears to be intended
for portable computer applications.  Cost per ESS1488 is $18 (presumeably
in quantity).

@_date: 1994-03-16 11:59:54
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: (fwd) Re: What's so bad about a Surveillance State? 
Sort of remeniscent of the push by the Bay Area Air Quality Management District,
they had the bright idea to tax people for the priveledge of parking at work
(not just in SF, but everywhere).  Back of the envelope calculations give a number of something like a quarter of a million "block monitorys"
to strictly enforce the idea.
The single biggest thing stopping facism from becoming rampant in this
country is manpower.  Be very wary of facism-labor-saving devices.

@_date: 1994-03-18 15:56:39
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: CLIPPER COMPROMIZED!!!! :-) 
Ames may have had access to the rationale Dot and an un-named white
house source were quoted to effect ' ..if you knew what I know, you
would understand the need' (in effect tying Clipper to national security).
Were he to compromise how good the interception is IN THIS COUNTRY to
a foreign powers intelligence service, for instance,  it might severly
change their way of doing communications in the U.S.  (the target country).
Thus, nullifying some of the effect of say, a hypothetical successor to
SHAMROCK, (Allen Steeles Big Ear).

@_date: 1994-03-30 19:16:54
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Another view of the CFP 
The AT&T Surety Communications Voice/Data Terminal  4100  is
an STUIII with a type IIIe (e for export, read clipper) cryptographic
algorithm, the model numbers for type I and type II STUIIIs are series
1000 and 2000 respectively.
AT&T Surity (tm)
Voice/Data Terminal 4100
For Sensitive,
Business Applications
    The AT&T Surity Voice/Data Terminal 4100 provides
    secure voice and data communications in one integrated
    package.
      It works both as a full-featured telephone for voice
    calls and as a smart modem for data applications.  Part
    of an AT&T familty of Surity products, the Voice/Data
    Terminal is compact and light enough to carry with you
    when you travel.
      Developed in conjunction with the U.S. Government's
    STU-III program, the Voice/Data Terminal 4100 is
    designed to protect domestic and internation business
    communications.
Information protected
- Sensitive business and/or business-proprietary
User Community
- U.S. corporations             -  High tech manufacturing
- Multinational corporations
- Legal and financial
Security features
- Clipper encryption algorthin  - Display window for
- Secure Access Control           authentification identification
  System (SACS)                 - Information to create a call
- Auto-answer, auto-secure        audit trail
- Active and passive terminal   - Non-error propagating
  zeroization                   - Plain text inhibit
Key management
- Negotiated key                - Self-generated key
- Secret key
- Negotiated key with
  authentication
Voice modes
- Clear voice
- Secure voice
 [] 4.8 kbps full-duplex CELP   [] 2.4 kbps half-duplex
 [] 2.4 kpbs full-duplex           LPC10e
    LPC10e
Telephone features
Secure data operation modes
- 9.6 kbps full-duplex          - 2.4 kbps full-duplex
  sync/async                      sync/async
- 4.8 kbps full-duplex          - 2.4 kbps half-duplex sync
  sync/async
There are clipper phones that accept data.  This is probably the
one the DOJ buys.  Basing arguments on fallicies is counterproductive,
and is the sort of thing Tim May was talking about.

@_date: 1994-03-31 12:52:31
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Data on clipper phones 
The data sheet is labeled 5/93.  I received in in July 1993.  I just
called up a marketing guy at AT&T and asked.   The 4100 is not available
with clipper now, but should be available in late summer.  It is unclear
whether 4100s will be able to interoperate in clipper mode with other 4100s
or just talk to 3600s in clipper mode.  The clipper systems delivered
to date are 3600s.  The 4100 is currently available with one of two
proprietary encryption algorithms, one for export.
SACS is a screening mechanism to prevent you from going secure, except
with expected callers.  It also provides user and security level
By definition, data transmission is not available on clipper phones
now.   From the FIPS Pub it is permissible (see the following).
You'll have to wait to see if AT&T will produce a product that can
this summer.  The reason would not be that it is forbidden (its not),
rather muddying of product definitions and competition between products.
The SKIPJACK encryption/decryption algorithm has been approved for
government applications requiring encryption of sensitive but
unclassified data telecommunications as defined herein.  The
specific operations of the SKIPJACK algorithm and the LEAF creation
method are classified and hence are referenced, but not specified,
in this standard.
Data for purposes of this standard includes voice, facsimile and
computer information communicated in a telephone system.  A
telephone system for purposes of this standard is limited to a
system which is circuit switched and operating at data rates of
standard commercial modems over analog voice circuits or which uses
basic-rate ISDN or a similar grade wireless service.

@_date: 1994-05-01 18:30:46
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Random #'s via serial port dongle? 
Having seen random noise sources in real digital crypto use I would give a
couple of hints.
A noise source is used to generate noise at a deterministic rate, either
a rate at which it is consumed or the rate at which it is stored (in the
case of one time pad generation).  This implies two characteristics 1) that
frequency distribution of noise is suitable for that rate, and 2) That the
noise source is sampled or gated.  The very act of converting noise to
digital date is fraught with pitfalls.  The noise source needs to be
extremely well isolated from the rest of a system, to prevent unwanted
coupling between digital transitions and the noise source (it just about
always implies amplification for thresold sampling).  Otherwise your noise
source is not as random as could be hoped.  It should also be suggested
that a random noise source be tested (statistically) periodically, and
should not present a single point failure that can endanger the security
of communications (redundancy).  All noise sources should be isolated
from each other as well as from the system in which they are utilized.
Intel got a COMSEC noise source module certified in the mid 80s, it would
not be available to us nor be affordable.  Previously the smallest available
encapsulated module was the size of a Zippo lighter.  I believe HP used to
sell zener noise diodes, although you can reverse bias an EB junction on a
Any and all parts should be screened for noise spectrum, especially
disturbing would be any spectrum holes.  You would be able to extrapolate
a bell curve distribution, with your sampling rate(s) falling well toward
the middle.   Were you to use a noise source toward the outsides of the
curve it would behoove you to consume more noise data over a longer period
of time.  NSA used to have an unclassified document on criteria for random
noise sources, which got deleted in the early Reagan presidency when the
U.S. started losing Perestroka.
Note that as seen from CCEP chip specs and the clipper chip spec, block
ciphers can be used with special data sets (including the seed) to generate
a "random" initial vector (IV).  The clipper chip spec shows a maximum
of 650 clocks to generate and IV, including LEAF generation, while the
clipper chip takes 64 clocks to execute 32 rounds of Skipjack. The LEAF
should account 2 rounds (128 clocks).  One could guess that statistical
testing determines how many skipjack iterations to generate the IV in view
of the maximum of 650 clocks.  It is even possible that failing statistical
tests causes a master alarm condition.  Further speculation is entertaining.
Were you to use noise sources for one time pads you have the problem of
secure distribution.

@_date: 1994-05-01 18:32:26
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Crypto books 
If you like the Meyer/Matras book 'Crptography', you'll like this one.

@_date: 1994-05-06 10:03:27
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: Clipper Key Escrow Details 
data from the two controlling government agencies?
Its even worse than that.  They have a catch phrase - "other legal
authority", where some do not require a warrant.
While not having formally answered this, it has been indicated that the
unit key is sent encrypted to a decoder box, which can disassemble the
LEAF and extract the session key.  I believe this decoder is based on a
PC, which leaves one to wonder about even the possibility of timelocking
the transaction.
(the crypto algorithm is contained in a chip on a P.C. board.)

@_date: 1994-05-06 10:04:55
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: (fwd) May 4 House Hearing on Clipper, F. Lynn  McNulty testimony 
Not meaning to ignore any interest from cypherpunks, I figured most
would read the two in talk.politics.crypto.  Note I screwed up the

@_date: 1994-05-12 10:19:01
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: San Jose Mercury News Washington News in Brief Blurb 
Thursday May 12, 1994
ELECTRONIC SNOOPING TAKES SHARP UPTURN
Wiretaps and electronic monitoring by federal agents,
primarily against suspected drug traffickers, grew by a
third during the first year of the Clinton administration,
the largest increase in a decade.

@_date: 1994-05-12 15:28:44
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: NSA Chief Counsel in Wired, to appear on AOL 
In the interest of keeping weak arguments from being battered down latter,
it is entirely possible that the cryptographic algorithm used in clipper
(SKIPJACK) is identical to that found in the CCEP type 1 devices (KG-84,
STU-IIIs, KY-57/8s, etc.).
What may make the clipper chip unsuited for classified traffic is that it
is not type 1 certified (control processor code reviewed, failure mode
analysis, etc.) and does not require centralized key distribution - the
clipper chips have the ability to have the correct Cryptographic Check
Word (CCW) read back when attempting to load a home grown key,  Type 1
devices simply go to an error state, insisting that only 'state sponsored'
keys be used.  What is involved is the encryption of a known plaintext
pattern, the resulting ciphertext is subsampled (3 bytes), which is the
CCW.  (It is almost a certainty that if the crypto algorithm in clipper
were identical, that the plaintext values are different.)
The lack of rigidly checked hardware implementations, and screening of
the keys could be the major differences between a clipper chip and one
for classified traffic.  One of the CCEP crypto modules is supposed to
have unit IDs embedded in transmissions, and most of them do remote
rekeying, which may have been subborned for the remainder of the LEAF.
The check word in the LEAF fits in nicely with checking the validity
of a new key received from the distant end.  The unit ID is required
for a centralized key distribution scheme.
In other words it may not be that the cryptographic algorithm is not
good enough to protect classified data, rather that the key selection
process and hardware implementation are not certified for classified data.
One can image that this could be told to certain elected representatives
in classified briefings, and used to discount this one argument, and by
extension other arguments.  One should be willing to stipulate that the
cryptographic algorithm is not the weakness, rather that the escrow aspect
is what is objectionable.

@_date: 1994-05-14 15:04:10
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: BOYCOTT AT&T 
I still have AT&T as a long distance carrier.  I have contacted the
marketing guys for the clipper phone repeatedly, it doesn't seem to be
doing to well, they are desparate for sales leads.  This is a subsidiary
called AT&T Surety Communications, base in North Carolina.  One has to
wonder how much damage you can do to them by boycotting AT&T long distance.
It would be much more interesting to provide more cost effective competition.
One of the TSD-3600c costs $1050, plush the phone interface module.  This is
more than the $947 for a videophone!  There may be a niche market in modifying
clipper phones to cure the LEAF information leak as well.
The single oddest thing about the announcement, was that they were talking
about spending the equivalent of $25K for each new phone subscriber in Saudi
Arabia, and still only doubling the number of phone subscribers.  Where the
heck does all that money go?

@_date: 1994-05-14 18:47:22
@_author: David Koontz  
@_subject: AT&T and Saudi Arabia 
Someone want to bet how much money is in whose pocket?
