
@_date: 2010-12-13 15:45:26
@_author: Kragen Javier Sitaker 
@_subject: Everyone and no one wants to save the world 
I was reading the Reuters piece today on Julian Assange by Mark
Hosenball, "Special Report: Julian Assange versus the world", which I
would link to if Reuters provided stable URLs.  He gives mixed reviews
to Assange's published writings:
Pseudo-scientific and philosophical gibberish?  That hardly seems in
character with the hard-nosed, unflappable public figure we see today.
I wondered which writings Hosenball meant.  He goes into more detail
a bit later:
Almost incomprehensible, eh?  I googled up a copy at
It turns out to be perfectly clear and lucid, although it contains a
number of debatable and unsupported assertions.
My conclusion: Hosenball merely cannot tell the difference between
material beyond his own rather mediocre reading level, and gibberish.
Here's the essay, with spelling and punctuation improved because the
original hurts my eyes:

@_date: 2011-08-18 03:37:01
@_author: Kragen Javier Sitaker 
@_subject: Saying bDo no evilb excludes you from any serious conversation about 
Google has had an unofficial motto for many years: bDonbt be evil.b
It came up as a joke during a meeting (including, among others, Paul
Buchheit and Amit Patel) seeking a mission statement.  A particular
Googler liked it and went around anonymously doodling it on
whiteboards until it became a permanent part of the culture.  Although
it was not originally intended for distribution outside the company,
it became known, and was explained in Googlebs 2004 IPO documents.
Part of the humor of the slogan is that it shouldnbt need saying at
all.  Itbs satisfied by having the tiniest modicum of ethical
achievement; almost nobody is evil according to the moral code they
aspire to live by, except, perhaps, for comic-book villains, Jeffrey
Dahmer, and certain pedophile priests.  The only reason itbs even
worth mentioning is that Google was born in a world dominated by
Microsoft and Doubleclick, which were generally agreed to actually be
evil, and Google aspired to do better.
bDo no evilb is a distortion.
I have never worked for Google and probably never will.  For ethical
reasons, I donbt keep my email in Gmail, even though itbs a pretty
good mail service.  Google is a big proprietary software vendor, even
though theybve made important contributions to free software.  But
lots of my friends, family, and Burning Man campmates work at Google,
and even more have in the past.  Ibve eaten lunch at Google
headquarters any number of times.
In short, I donbt hate Google, but I donbt love it either.  But I want
whatever criticism it receives to be deserved.

@_date: 2011-08-25 03:37:01
@_author: Kragen Javier Sitaker 
@_subject: Why I do not want to work at Google 
Google has an orientation that is opposed to my agenda.
I joined the internet in 1992.  It was a pretty decentralized place,
and any person on it could set up an online service accessible to any
other person on it; but you pretty much had to write your service in C
(less of a security worry at the time) and it was easy to get in
trouble by bogging down the DECStation you shared with fifty other
people.  So it was such a hassle that there were only a few dozen
online services, plus a few thousand FTP sites.  As an example, there
were no public porn sites, although there was lots of porn.
A few years later, when the internet hit mainstream, it was a
decentralizing force; server-centric Novell LANs and
mainframe-terminal networks gave way to workstation networks, where
anybody at the company, or anybody with an ISP account, could set up a
web server on their personal workstation with a little trouble.
I started running my own mail and web server when I moved to Ohio in
1997, and Ibve been running one ever since, first alone and later with
half a dozen friends.  Until 2001 it was on dialup, which was fine,
although obviously there are limits on how much traffic I could cope
But this rosy picture is complicated by centralizing forces. Apple
wants to relegate websites to second-class status on their popular
computers, and exercises viewpoint censorship on what bappsb they
allow in their bapp storeb.  Google wants you to keep your mail in
Gmail instead of on your home computer (if you kept your mail on your
home computer, youbd keep your backups on your friendsb home
computers), and theybll delete your account with no recourse if you
admit youbre only 10.  Microsoft wonbt let you run unsigned device
drivers on your own computer any more.  Facebook wants to know every
web page you visit, anywhere on the internet, and log that information
permanently for later analysis.
And email from our little mail server automatically gets dropped into
the spam box on Gmail these days.  Not sure why.  Apparently our
domain has a bbad reputationb, but even finding that out required an
inside connection; no way to find out more.
I imagine a different future, where if Alice wants to talk to Bob and
Bob wants to talk to Alice, therebs no unaccountable intermediary that
can interfere with their communication, whether theybre speaking text,
or video, or 3-D models, or simulation.  If Alicebs email gets marked
as spam, Bob ought to be able to find out why b and fix it!  I imagine
a future where every human being can participate in creating the
culture they live in, without needing permission from anybody, and
without fearing repercussions.
Webre a lot closer to that world today than we were in 1992, and the
evidence suggests that it is to that that we owe the collapse of
oppressive regimes throughout the Middle East and Northern Africa; the
revelation and destruction of the nascent government-funded slander
campaign against Glenn Greenwald and other WikiLeaks supporters; and
the public discovery of the CIAbs bextraordinary renditionb flights.
If we successfully beat back the global menaces of governmental
corruption, global warming, overfishing, and terrorism, it will be
because we were able to collaborate and organize more effectively
around the world by means of this new medium.
Google, of course, wants to solve these problems too.  But it has a
different, less-democratic approach in mind.  While of course the
company contains an enormous diversity of opinion internally, their
approach publicly has been somewhat paternalistic, and their
engineering culture is organized around big centralized solutions;
warehouse-scale computing, as the title of Barroso and HC6lzlebs
excellent book puts it.
Googlebs undemocratic orientation sometimes leads them to impose
policies at odds with my vision of the future.  Their breal namesb
policy on Google+ is one example; it makes it likely that only people
who feel they have no repercussions to fear from anyone, ever, will
write there.  There has been quite a [backlash][], but they do not
appear to be interested in compromising.
[backlash]: A rather shocking view of the depth of some Googlersb commitment to
centralized computing can be found in [Steven Levybs recent
article][Skype].  After thinking about it for a while, I realized they
were right factually, if not normatively: peer-to-peer overlay
networks are [inherently inefficient][] on todaybs residential
[Skype]:   (Why Google does not own Skype, 2011-05-10, by Steven Levy)
[inherently inefficient]:   (bPeer-to-peer overlay networks are a bad idea on a DSL-based internetb, by me, 2011-08-18.)
I believe that warehouse-scale client-server computing will, in the
end, undermine the kind of democratic freedom of communication that we
need to deal with todaybs global menaces.  Itbs more practical than
peer-to-peer computing at the moment, but that pendulum has swung back
and forth several times over the decades.  (Some of my friends were
among the first employees of a hot cloud-computing startup, in 1964,
called Tymshare.)  The proper response to the current impracticality
of decentralized computing is not to sigh and build centralized
systems.  The proper response is to build the systems to *make
decentralized computing practical again*.
Google is not institutionally opposed to this; theybve funded
substantial and important work on it.  Nevertheless, because of their
overall orientation toward centralized solutions with
undemocratically-imposed policies, I believe working there would be a
further distraction from that goal.  Worse, with every advance that
companies like Google and Apple make, the higher is the bar that
decentralized systems must leap to achieve real adoption.
Ibm not making much progress on that.  My friends Len Sassaman (who
committed suicide in the first few days of July), Bram Cohen, Jacob
Appelbaum, and Zooko ObWhielacronx have made substantial
contributions.  But I donbt think Ibd make *more* progress at Google,
and I might make *negative* progress.
So thatbs why I donbt want to work at Google.

@_date: 2011-06-11 13:48:25
@_author: Kragen Javier Sitaker 
@_subject: scalable flooding information distribution 
I see.  If I understand correctly, the algorithm you've described is the
standard hypercube broadcast algorithm; if you have 2^N nodes, one for each
node identifier (which I know is not the usual case for Chord!) then the
fingers are exactly the links in the hypercube, and the algorithm is simply
that at timestep i, all nodes that already have the message transmit a copy to
the node whose address differs from their own by 2^i.
You've generalized this implicitly by using Chord as the basis, so that the 2^N
node identifiers are distributed among a smaller number M of physical nodes,
and you can skip the first N-lg(M) timesteps.
Unfortunately, this is just a particularly low-latency way to implement
flooding, (in the simple hypercube case, at least, it's provably optimal) and
still suffers from flooding's limit on scalability.  While Moore's Law has made
that limit relevant for a progressively diminishing number of applications,
there will always be applications for which it is relevant.
In the case where each node only cares about a subset of possible
announcements, and the subset is easily identifiable by a key, you can
distribute asynchronous announcements in a manner more efficient than flooding
by using the Chord topology, and a cache-invalidation protocol: when you fetch
a key-value pair from a node, the node sends the current value immediately, and
later, if possible, an asynchronous notification that the previous value is no
longer valid, which prompts you to refetch it.  You also poll periodically in
case the asynchronous notification failed to get sent --- perhaps the node ran
out of space for addresses to notify of invalidations, or crashed, or went
offline, or couldn't reach you; or perhaps your IP address changed.
If the value is something like "the last day's worth of announcements on
channel 328f" or "the last 128 announcements on..." then you have a workable,
though clearly not optimal, system for distributing events.

@_date: 2011-06-11 13:48:54
@_author: Kragen Javier Sitaker 
@_subject: [zooko@zooko.com: Re: scalable flooding information distribution] 
I really should start setting reply-to.
----- Forwarded message from Zooko O'Whielacronx  -----

@_date: 2012-06-12 06:39:58
@_author: Kragen Javier Sitaker 
@_subject: short-term predictions: 2014, 2017, 2022 
The release of Meteor in April reminded me about an abandoned project of my own
called Kogluktualuk, which was basically Meteor, but never implemented to any
significant extent. It was kind of obvious that something like Meteor needed to
exist. So I thought I would record some other predictions about things that
haven't happened yet, to see if my foresight is really as good as it seems in
hindsight. After all, it's easy to fool yourself into thinking about only your
correct predictions, forgetting the stupid ones. So this is, like debugging, a
sort of exercise in therapeutically feeling stupid. Two years from now, most iOS applications will be written in Cordova (formerly
PhoneGap) or a successor, rather than in ObjC. This is both because JS is a much
more productive language than ObjC and in order to target Android as well. Within 5 years, P2P protocols will resurge in importance. This is despite the
massive move from desktop and laptop computers to handheld computers running
iOS and Android and using cellphone networks. The driver will be better
connectivity and crackdowns on user-generated content on centrally-operated
network services like YouTube and Megaupload. When automated fabricationbthe scenario where you get your next bicycle by
downloading bicycle blueprints over the network and sending them to a machine
that then produces a bicycle for you without human interventionbhappens, it
will not be by means of 3-D printers, which work by depositing layers of a
small number of materials. Instead, it will take the form of automated assembly
by robots of parts mostly made by other means, such as laser cutting, torch
cutting, CNC machining, and planar printing processes. More and more communication between people will be mediated by computers. Within a few years, most of our lives will be recorded and permanently archived
without our knowledge or consent. Android will continue to grow over the next three years at the expense of iOS.
Apple will release at most one groundbreaking new product (like the Apple ][,
Macintosh, Newton, HyperCard, NeXTStep, iMac, iPad, Lisa, iPhone, iTunes Music
Store, and Macbook Air, in the next ten years. Nokia will collapse. Their Windows phones will be a failure. Solar energy will provide nearly as much marketed energy as coal by 2022.
Oil production will not exceed its 2008 peak by more than 30% by 2022.
Traditional oil production has peaked. Oil prices will exceed their 2008 peak at least once by 2017.
US influence will wane; that is, it will be less significant in 2022 than
today. China's laissez-faire copyright enforcement will become more widespread by
2017, despite US protests. Argentina will have another financial crisis by 2017, with a collapse of the
peso, but not as severe as in 2001.
Photovoltaic, rather than solar thermal, will still be the major form of
marketed solar energy until 2022.
In 2022, the rather stupid opinion that Chinese manufacturers are mere copycats
will be much less widespread, held only by the occasional crank rather than, as
today, garden-variety ignorant people. By 2022, Brazil will be a bigger startup hub than New York, England, Russia,
Australia, or Japan, but not Silicon Valley or China. The murder rate in Argentina will be higher in 2013, 2014, and 2015 than in
2012. A generic GPU programming language will arise to replace CUDA and enable
competition with NVIDIA by 2020.
Photographic and audio recording evidence will be easy to fake so that human
eyes can't tell the difference by 2017. Quantum computers will turn out to work, but building ones big enough to
revolutionize anything will take longer than five more years. Most performance-critical code will scale up to at least 16 cores by 2017,
despite doing it with explicit concurrency, such as threads and locks or
message passing like Erlang and Golang, rather than implicit forms like
transactional memory or APL-like array operations.
Cash payment will still be common throughout the poor countries in 2022.
As computerized communication, planning, and manufacturing take over the
economy, companies will continue to shrink while depending on ever more custom
software. The consequence is that programming will partly displace management
as a core competency of running a business. China will largely shift to nuclear power generation for electricity by 2022.
By 2017, desktop computers will be something like CRTs a couple of years back:
used in special circumstances (gamers, say) and where money is tight, but not
many places.  Instead people will use laptops, phones, cloud applications,
microservers, and rackmount servers. As I explained in "people, places, things.
and ideas" in 1999, I see this development as profoundly prejudicial to
software freedom, but it is, if anything, accelerating. Computer security will keep getting worse at least until 2017, with
exponentially more software deployed on networks, almost all without the
requisite knowledge to secure or audit it. This will drive OS-level sandboxing
like PNaCl, but that will be only moderately effective, in large part because
free operating systems will not be used much (although Linux is) so users will
not be allowed to make their own computers secure, and absent that, software
vendors don't have the right incentives.
Self-driving cars will be a substantial minority of cars in rich countries by
2017. Assassinations will rise dramatically by 2017 as their cost falls dramatically,
due to the lack of computer security, to the pervasive gathering and
warehousing of previously private information, and to lower-cost killer robots.
Spam and viruses will remain major problems at least until 2017.
No language will replace C as the language of nearly all serious software by
2022. C lost that position around 1992, to a combination of C and C++, and
since then there's been a diversity of languages in use. That will remain true.
Not Scala, not JS, not Python or Ruby, will shut out the other languages like
CRTs did.
Mining mineral resources such as copper from existing landfills will employ
tens of thousands of people by 2022, mostly illegally and in very hazardous
conditions. Population growth will continue to slow until 2022. The US GDP in 2022 will not be more than 22% bigger than in 2011, measured in
oil, kilowatt hours, or wheat, or probably measured in gold, at their average
prices over the year.  US GDP in 2011 is estimated at US$15.1 billion.
Humans will not go beyond low Earth orbit, for example to geosynchronous orbit,
to the moon, or to other planets, by 2022.

@_date: 2012-11-23 22:14:18
@_author: Kragen Javier Sitaker 
@_subject: decentralized chat 
Hi.  I'm new to CouchDB, but I was just chatting with Noah on IRC about
how IRC sucks and we need to replace it and whether we could do that
using CouchDB.  He mentioned this thing Chris did four years ago called
Right now Skype chat is basically the best thing out there that I've
seen, but it's proprietary.  It has the following features I like:
* Real-time: people normally see your lines within less than a second
  after you send them.
* Peer-to-peer: you don't have to install or manage software on a server
  to make it work, and it knows how to traverse NATs.  (Skype, Inc.,
  does maintain a centralized authentication service, which I regard as
  a significant drawback.)
* Replicated: you can look at chat history and add chat lines when
  you're offline.  When you reconnect to the people you're talking to,
  all the lines get sent.  This is important not mostly because I'm
  trying to chat while I'm on an airplane but because I don't want to
  lose messages when my network gets disconnected, and because I switch
  between devices and want to be able to see messages I typed on my
  laptop on my cellphone and vice versa.  (As far as I can tell, the
  POP-not-IMAP nature of XMPP makes this impossible for XMPP chats.)
* Unified-UI: you can chat with many different people or groups of
  people at once using the same app, and see e.g. a list of chat
  channels where you have unread messages.
* Encrypted: your ISP can't read your chat messages.
* Secure: the people you're chatting with can't subvert your chat
  software to e.g. snoop on your other chats.
* Correct: unlike IRC, doesn't truncate your lines at arbitrary places
  if they get too long.
* File transfers: you can send screenshots and stuff to other people,
  including everybody in a group chat.
* Cross-platform: versions for both GNU/Linux and Android.
So I'm trying to get a sense of whether there's something out there that
would make this feature set easy to replicate.  And maybe CouchDB is it?
Or do I need to build something from scratch?
[Noah suggested]( making
each chat line a new document, using continuous replication, creating a
mapreduce view using datetime as a key and pulling the most recent 40
messages, and using the _changes feed to get Comet updates to the
browser asynchronously.  That sounds pretty reasonable to me, but the
following questions occur to me:
* I'm behind NAT.  If you're behind NAT too, how can we set up
  continuous replication between our CouchDB instances?  Is there STUN
  support for CouchDB replication yet?
* Do I need to create a new CouchDB database for every chat room?  Is
  there any problem with having 20 or 30 databases on my netbook talking
  at once?
* How about if I want to have a single Comet connection from my browser
  to all of them at once?  (Browsers won't let you have 30 Comet
  connections to localhost.)
* Are there security concerns I need to think about?  Like, how do I
  make it so that I can update my DHTML UI, and maybe even automatically
  get updates from someone else, but not *everybody* I chat with can
  update my DHTML UI to a version that spies on my chats?  What are the
  security properties of the replication protocol?  What if I need to
  kick someone out of a chat channel because they're spamming it?
I think the ability to automatically update application code is
necessary for decentralized applications (like email) to start to
successfully compete with centralized ones (like Facebook) again, but
although I have some ideas about how to do that securely, I don't feel
like I've solved the problem because I haven't tried them in practice
Anyway, I don't know if anybody else thinks it's an interesting project,
but it seems to me like every chat system out there today is basically
unusably bad, and decentralized database replication with automatically
incrementally updating views seems like the right substrate to build it
on.

@_date: 2012-11-23 22:21:04
@_author: Kragen Javier Sitaker 
@_subject: decentralized chat using CouchDB 
I just sent this message to the CouchDB User mailing list instead of sleeping
like I ought to be doing.
----- Forwarded message from Kragen Javier Sitaker  -----
