
@_date: 2001-10-22 22:18:07
@_author: Zenny K. Sadlon 
@_subject: THE "CHICAGO" VERSION OF "SVEJK" RULES! 
The Oregonian, December 24, 2000 Sadlon and Joyce's new translation is so joyful and audacious in its headlong hurtle through Hasek's story that it deserves to become the standard English version. ISBN: 1585004286 distributed by Ingram
Click the cover art of the paperback  to read the introduction, 1st chapter, and much more . . .
    The critically acclaimed new translation of the most famous, popular, and reviled Czech book, found on many 100 Best Books of the 20th Century lists, including that of the New York Public Library, is     Jaroslav Hašek's     The Fateful Adventures of the Good Soldier Švejk During the World War, Book One.     The Chicago Tribune, August 9, 2000     'Svejk,' a biting anti-war tale of a survival-bent Everyman, gets an English retelling that captures the charm of the original Czech novel.     isyndicate.com, July 19, 2000     The resurrection of the Good Soldier Svejk. New translation brings classic comedy to life. . . the diction . . . flows naturally . . . is a "must read".                                                                     January 2, 2001     "I must say that I am ecstatic about your new translation of Švejk. I was entertained in the same degree (and in the same spots) as by the Czech original. In addition, this new translation also preserves the rhythm of the sentences, their overall sense and spirit.
    That is all which the old translation lacks in a catastrophic measure. The old translation is awkward to a, as we say in Czech, "break-neck" degree, unreadable, and for the common reader hard to understand. I think that the old translation should have never appeared in the book marketplace - alas, it happened.
    As a native Czech I can tell you that the author of the previous translation (perhaps due to his intellectualism) did not get what Hašek’s novel is about at all. His language is the language of high society evening parties - while Hašek’s Švejk speaks with the tongue of public houses in the fourth [i.e., grade D, the cheapest] price category.
    I am convinced that thanks to this new translation the resurrection and the rediscovery of this never-to-die book for and by millions and millions of readers in Anglophone countries is taking place indeed."
Zdenek Smrcka, M.D.
Information specialist / Librarian
Medical Library and Information Department,
2nd Medical School,
Charles University Praha, Czech Republic
Zenny K. Sadlon
KSL at zenny.com
Get  "svejked" at  !
