
@_date: 2001-06-22 04:43:07
@_author: kwami kojo 
@_subject: TREAT AS URGENT CONFIDENTIAL    
FROM  Mr KWAMI KOJO.
AUDITING  AND ACCOUNTING  UNIT.
FOREIGN REMITTANCE DEPT.
INTERNATIONAL  BANK OF AFRICA
LOME - TOGO.
I am   Mr Kwami Kojo, the director  in charge of
auditing and accounting  section of international bank
of Africa Lome-Togo in  west Africa with due respect
and regards.
I have decided  to contact  you on a business
transaction that will be very beneficial to both of us
at the end of the transaction.
During our investigation and audting in this bank, my
department came across a very huge sum of money
belonging  to a deceased  person  who died on November
 1997 in a plane crash and the fund  has  been dormant
in his account with this bank  without  any claim of the fund in our
custody either from his family or relation before our
discovery to this  development.
Although personally, I kept this information secret
within myself and partner to enable the whole plans
and idea be pofitable and successful during the time
of execution.The said amount was USD$14m (fourtheen
million united states dorllars).
As it may intrest you to know, I got your impressive
information through my good friend who works with
chamber of commerce on foriegn business relations here
in Lome-Togo. It is him who recommended your person to
me to be viable and capable to champion a business of
such magnitude without any problem. Meanwhile all the
whole arrangement to put claim over this fund as the
bonafide next of kin to the deceased, get the required
approval and transfer this money  to a foriegn account
has been put in place and directives and needed
information will be relayed to you as soon as you
indicate your intrest and willingness to assist us and
also benefit your self  to this great business
In fact I could have done this deal alone but because
of my position in this country as a civil servant, we
are not allowed to operate a foriegn account and would
eventually raise an eye brow on my side during the
time of transfer because I work in this  bank. This is
the actual reason why it will require a second party
or fellow who will forward claims as the next of kin
with affidavit of trust of Oath to the bank and also
present a foriegn  account where he will need the
money to be re-transfered  into on his request as it may be after due verification and clarification by
designation bank account.
 I will not fail to inform you that this transaction
is 100% risk free. On smoth conclusion of this
transaction, you will be entitiled to 30% of the total
sum as gratification, while 10% will be set aside to
take care of expenses that may arise during the time
of transfer and also telephone bills, while 60% will
be for me and my partners. Please,you have been
adviced to keep top secret as we are still in service
and intend to retire from service after we conclude
this deal with you. I will be monitoring the whole
situation here in this bank until you confirm the
money in your account.
And ask us to come down to your country for subsequent
sharing of the fund according to percentages
previously indicated and further investment, either in
your country or any country you advice us to invest
in.All other necessary information will be sent to you
when I hear from you.I suggest you get back to me as
soon as possible stating your wish in this deal.
Yours faithfully,
Mr Kwami Kojo.
NB / You can call me on my mobile line 228 05 51 52
for more clarification. Do You Yahoo!?
Get personalized email addresses from Yahoo! Mail
