
@_date: 1998-11-12 03:58:10
@_author: Lance Cottrell 
@_subject: Anonymizer developer positions available. 
Hash: SHA1
Anonymizer Inc.  is looking for programers to
work on various projects under development.
We have two positions available, one short term contract work, the other
full time.
Contract programmer:
Term: 1-2 months
Skills: Visual Basic, Windows API, TCP networking
Full time development team leader:
Skills: C / C++
For either position send email and resume to me at .
We are looking for people who share our passion for free speech and privacy.
Lance M. Cottrell                  lcottrell at anonymizer.com
Anonymizer, Inc. 		   President
Voice: (619) 667-7969              Fax: (619) 667-7966

@_date: 2001-11-24 00:15:16
@_author: Lance M. Cottrell 
@_subject: Anonymizing Scam 
References: Given how widely know my email address is, I am saddened that people would post this kind of unsubstantiated rumor without any attempt to check on the validity.
Anonymizer has always offered its services to all comers. This has always included law enforcement. They have used our services to keep an eye on certain websites for many years, without tipping them off to the focus of their interests. Seeing "fbi.gov" in the log files is a bit of a giveaway. They have no special access to our systems, and no ability to monitor our users.
Describing our policy of open access as "sucking up to the TLAs" is absurd. I would have thought my history in this field would have earned me some consideration before jumping to that kind of conclusion. Does government and industry have no rights to, or needs for, privacy? It seems a hypocritical position for Cypherpunks to

@_date: 2001-11-24 00:15:16
@_author: Lance M. Cottrell 
@_subject: Anonymizing Scam 
Given how widely know my email address is, I am saddened that people would post this kind of unsubstantiated rumor without any attempt to check on the validity.
Anonymizer has always offered its services to all comers. This has always included law enforcement. They have used our services to keep an eye on certain websites for many years, without tipping them off to the focus of their interests. Seeing "fbi.gov" in the log files is a bit of a giveaway. They have no special access to our systems, and no ability to monitor our users.
Describing our policy of open access as "sucking up to the TLAs" is absurd. I would have thought my history in this field would have earned me some consideration before jumping to that kind of conclusion. Does government and industry have no rights to, or needs for, privacy? It seems a hypocritical position for Cypherpunks to         -Lance Cottrell

@_date: 2004-03-27 21:13:42
@_author: Lance Cottrell 
@_subject: Anonymizer employees need killing  
I hope at this point the retractions by the Register have been well  circulated. Just to make it absolutely clear, we have never and never  will sell out a customer. This is simply shoddy reporting at its worst.
A blog first reported this months ago as "an anonymizer" which was then  picked up as "The Anonymizer" in some articles, which then printed  corrections. In fact the company involved was Surfola which is not  connected to us in any way shape or form (and which I had never even  heard of before this).
Months later the Register picked up on an old uncorrected version of  the story and printed it without any fact checking at all. This is a  shocking breach of editorial responsibility.
I would have hoped that my years of working on free open source privacy  tools (such as Mixmaster) before founding Anonymizer would lend my  reputation some weight, or at least give me the benefit of the doubt  until the matter was clarified. I am deeply troubled to see death  threats against my employees (and I would assume myself) without anyone  taking the trouble to even ask us to comment.
It has always been easy to contact me directly, next time I hope  someone will do so before assuming the worst.
