
@_date: 2010-12-22 19:44:22
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] Whistle-blower site platform design 
Greetings, p2p-hacker folks,
This list seems to be the most direct spiritual successor to the cypherpunks list, which is where I'd want to raise this issue if it still As most of you are undoubtedly aware, the sudden surge in attention Wikileaks has gained in the last months have resulted in at least half a dozen imitation "leaks" sites -- from OpenLeaks, founded by former Wikileaks staff who have different ideas on how such a site should operate, to regional whistle-blower and transparency sites such as Brusselsleaks, Balkanleaks, Pirateleaks.cz, etc.
Let me first state I think that this is absolutely a good thing -- in principle. Relying on a single initiative such as Wikileaks both gives way too much power to the organization in question, and makes it a high-profile target. The rise of independant leak publishers decentralizes the fundamental service these sites provide, and brings attention back to the content of their publications rather than the personalities of the individuals involved.
It's also problematic for a number of reasons: firstly, reputation. Who is BrusselsLeaks? Why should a whistleblower trust that the operators of that site have his/her interests in mind? What's to say they're not an initiative of an intelligence agency? I'm not sure there's anything to be done about that, except wait and let these other players earn their own reputation capital.
However, it's painfully clear to me that a number of these sites don't have the first clue when it comes to technological measures they should be taking to protect their sources. E.g., BrusselsLeaks is running their operation with Wordpress and Hushmail -- hardly a hardened solution.
Wikileaks has had four years and the input of top network security experts, cryptographers, p2p-hackers, and cypherpunks, to create a system hardened against predictable threats. It's quite likely that had Bradley Manning not made the mistake of "confessing" to a government snitch posing as a journalist, he'd not be in jail today. Wikileaks, according to what I can gather from press reports and comments from people involved, as well as examining their site, relies on a Tor Hidden Service setup for receiving submissions. That alone is hardly enough to protect the site from attacks on the anonymity of its sources, the integrity and security of its site, or its network presense, but already requires a level of technical sophistication that is lacking in most of these "copy-cat" I'd like to see us come up with an easy-to-deploy solution for launching a leaks site with the security considerations addressed, perhaps in the form of a "soft appliance" distribution, but first we need a basic requirements document. What are the technical security requirements of such a service?
Off the top of my head, I think we can divide this into three parts:
1. General site security. The website/servers need to be resistant to compromise, and also need to be prepared for the same. The credibility of Wikileaks would be severely damaged if an attacker were able to, for example, introduce fake diplomatic cables to the cache of documents waiting to be released, so that the Wikileaks staff inadvertantly published false information. So in addition to protecting against breakins, the system needs to be designed to maintain data integrity in the face of compromise.
2. Source protection. The site needs to provide a means for whistleblowers to contact the site operators, discuss issues, and submit documents in an anonymous manner. Wikileaks solves this with Tor, though there might be other ways. We need a clearly defined threat model to build against, and must keep in mind that usability is a security concern -- we have to assume that the whistleblowers are not geeks, and the site operators may not be, either.
3. Censorship resistance. If 2. brings to mind Tor, 3. brings to mind the Eternity Service. In this model, the publisher does not need to be anonymous, but the data needs to be authenticated and the service distributed. The CouchDB-based mirrors of the Afghanistan War Diaries provide a promising first-attempt; to be successful, these sites need to be able to leverage jurisdictional arbitrage and distributed hosting to resist network denial of service attacks and legal attacks aimed at taking their sites offline, as well as data corruption attacks aimed at invalidating the material by attacking its credibility with the introduction of false documents, etc.
3.a. would be a way for third-parties to obtain the material provided by these services in an anonymous fashion; I see this as lower priority than the other issues, but still something to think about.
My goal here is to develop a formal, realistic model for the operation of a legitimate journalistic whistle-blower material clearinghouse. I'm basically proposing we replicate in public, with peer-review, the process I assume Wikileaks itself has undergone for the design of their system. Let's identify the likely attacks and attack vectors for given adversaries, compose a solution based on available technology, and assemble it in as easily deployable a manner as possible.
Who else is interested? Let's get this discussion rolling.
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at lists.zooko.com

@_date: 2010-12-23 20:52:45
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] Whistle-blower site platform design 
Absolutely agreed. I don't, personally, see it as a "compromise" to security that concessions are made to usability, given that usability is a factor in security. In fact, in this case we really must assume no technical sophistication on behalf of the whistleblower (and if some of the leaksites that have popped up are any indication, only minimal technical prowess on behalf of the site operators.)
I believe it's the former, but I'm not certain. Can anyone comment?
Agreed, though it remains a real problem. But we can divide the components of such a system so that working on solving the one doesn't block on solving the other.
Very well put.
I'm not sure we should get hung up on that; that argument always stuck me as "legal cleverness" of the sort judges laugh at. If the purpose of this platform is to disseminate documents in the public interest, which happen to upset some legal entities be they corporations or governments, the "public interest" argument is what's going to keep them online, imo. Further, "But I don't technically know what I'm hosting" isn't going to change Amazon's mind when they want to pull the plug on you.
So, I'm imagining a system where the "leak site" receives files from a source (somehow; we want this to be an anonymous submission process but it can be treated as a black box), *reviews them and selects documents for publication*, and then pushes them to a document distribution platform, which should be syndicated to mirrors to leverage jurisdictional arbitrage and affect censorship resistance. The problem of false documents entering the distribution process is one of human error; however, the leak-site operators are acting in the role of journalists, and the onus is on them to authenticate their source material. I don't think a technical fix is in order here.
One thought I should mention: on the submission side, it would be very nice to have a built-in metadata stripper either as part of the submission process, or as part of the publication process. Where you put it depends on whether you want the leaksite operators to have access to potential metadata or not; arguments can be made either way. But we can't assume either party is sophisticated enough to worry about this themselves. (Nor can we expect to produce a metadata redaction filter that is anywhere close to comprehensive, and metadata will continue to be a major attack vector for outing whistleblowers, but the protections provided by this system are not binary.)
I've used BitTorrent in conjunction with anonymous publication systems before; it served as the distribution protocol for the design of a Private Information Retrieval based nym server Bram and I proposed a few years back. I'm considering the suitability of PIR in the present use case; it turned out that our use of BitTorrent opened the system up to certain attacks on the querant's anonymity, but that may not apply in our use (For reference:  )
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at lists.zooko.com

@_date: 2010-12-23 21:17:17
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] Whistle-blower site platform design 
I think we have to assume that the whistleblowers who are inclined to use a web-based submission system are likely to lack the requisite skills to even begin an assessment of source protection measures. Several of the new leaksites have already been criticised for their security (Balkanleaks runs on Joomla, which is making people unhappy; Brusselsleaks is WordPress based, etc...), though I don't expect that to fully deter submissions.
At the end of the day, the whistleblowers either trust the site operators to get their security right, or they don't. I view our challenge to be to provide as "off-the-shelf" a solution as possible, to both aid publishers in deploying a system that addresses the security concerns, and to provide a base of reference for how those security concerns can be handled (in addition to "what security concerns are present.")
As I've said before, I think we need to think of these as complementary I've already been thinking along those lines, myself; I'm resisting discussing ideas I have for a specific solution to these challenges, since I do think we're lacking a coherent problem statement (though this thread is making progress on that front). That said, if we're able to provide a covert channel for submission as a product of the distribution scheme, I think we gain an important benefit.
The idea of using information-theoretic PIR in the document distribution system intrigues me. Bi-directional PIR is something of an open problem, but should be feasible in a system where the model user downloads far more than they upload. In a Chor-based PIR scheme such as the one Pynchon uses, one can see the query bitstreams being repurposed as a submission channel. It's tricky, though, and I don't want to fixate on a potential solution before clarifying the issues.
At the end of the day, these are two discrete problems. If we can compose the solutions so that a single product provides for the needs of both, with additional benefits, that's great -- but I don't think that composition is strictly necessary at this point.
Yes; I touched in this in my response to Joss. A fully automated system is not what we need here, imo; this isn't about simply dumping files onto an Eternity Service.
Good thoughts!
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at lists.zooko.com
