
@_date: 1993-12-04 11:33:08
@_author: Lex Luthor 
@_subject: Escobar and Cellular Ph0n3z 
I found it very interesting to read in the paper this morning about how
EXACTLY the Columbian authorities were able to LOCATE Pablo Escobar. The article stated that Pablo was concerned about his wife and child's safety
and called them on a CELLULAR phone to check up on them. The Columbian
Police did not know where either of them were located. It stated that the
U.S. government (DEA in print, but was it the NSA?) gave or let the
Columbian police borrow equipment that did the following:
1) The equipment scanned all the cellular phone frequencies used in that area.
2) Already having a voice print/sample of Pablo's voice, the equipment
   continuously compared cellular conversations with those they had of Pablo,
   in near real time.
3) Once a match was made, the equipment would triangulate? or otherwise    locate the origin of the call within two minutes. It did not say how    good the accuracy of the location was (ie within 1 mile or 1/10 of a mile
   or 10 feet, etc.) however. Apparently it was CLOSE ENOUGH.
This is sophisticated, no question about it. I imagine the equipment/circuits
are available to do all this to the general U.S. public, but still, I think
the NSA probably provided the equipment as it was probably all integrated
together and fairly idiot-proof to use. Maybe one big box, with a few of
these big boxes being dispersed about the country-side.
The report stated that Escobar was worth a few Billion dollars and that he
was a smart man. Why didn't he use encryption? This would have thwarted the
police. Of course you may say, how many encrypted cellular conversations take
place in that part of Columbia, and the answer would probably be close to zero if not zero. So just modify the equipment to recognize encrypted/scrambled
speech or whatever and locate the source. Fine, but if Escobar has so much money and so many allies, why not buy many encrypted cellular set-ups and distribute them to his people (paying them of course) to move throughout the
region constantly and make cellular encrypted phone calls at random?
Now, tying this in with the 'ol Clipper-chip debate, if Escobar who is worth
billions of dollars, is smart, and is considered one of the biggest drug
kingpins in history does not use encryption, how many lower-level criminals,
who don't have the financial resources nor the intelligence will?

@_date: 1993-11-11 10:09:11
@_author: Lex Luthor 
@_subject: Phiber, The MOD, and The LOD. 
Although some people on this list could care less about the details,
since you confused the two ex-hacking groups, I feel the need to set
the record straight.
It was MOD *not* LOD that phiber has been recently affiliated with. MOD was
in my opinion a malicious group of hackers who used their
knowlege and abilities to relentlessly harass people, wreak havoc on computer
systems and networks by shirking the 'hacker ethic' of not causing damage,
and allegedly to perpetrate various forms of fraud and theft. Please note that
Phiber Optik was probably the most mellow one of the MOD and having spoke with
him a number of times, it seems that he is not a malicious type. IMHO his
mistake was teaching his 'friends' in the group how to do certain things
without regard to what they intended to do with that knowlege.
LOD was a whole different type of group. If you want to classify us as a
criminal organization due to gaining unauthorized access into various computers
and networks over the years, fine. But the LOD maintained a high standard of
ethical behavior in the way of not intentionally causing damage to computer
system, not violating people's privacy for the sole purpose of harassment or
fraud, and the overall mentality of spreading knowlege and information to
those who were interested. Obviously those ethics were warped as none of
the ex-members that I am in contact with (erik bloodaxe - editor of Phrack, the marauder, Lord Digital and Deal Lord - Mindvox owners, etc.) believe that
unauthorized access to computers is/was right nor legal. I am not defending
what we did all those years ago, but just clarifying the degree to which we
were involved. To make this clear, gaining unauthorized access to computer
systems is illegal and wrong under just about any circumstance. Violating
a person or company's privacy is wrong also, even if it was done out of
curiousity or a thirst for knowlege.
One other thing, it was reported in the press a number of times that there
was some sort of war between hacker groups. I think this is silly and although I had 'retired' by 1989 which was about the time a lot of the
alleged MOD activity took place, my version is that there was no 'war'. There
are always personality conflicts between people and arguements between erikb
and phiber appears to have been blown way out of proportion as usually happens
when things get reported by the press.
One of the things some MOD members allegedly did was gain access to certain
key computer systems that controlled various functions of BT's Tymnet packet
switching network. There are some systems that allow a privileged user to
monitor network traffic (XRAY for example), by gaining access to these systems
and knowing the correct commands, one can 'wiretap'.
It should be noted, if you read through the old hacker BBS message bases (which
you can do if you contact lod communications who is compiling messages from
the very first phreak boards such as Modem Over Manhattan and 8BBS circa 1980
up through boards such as the Phoenix Project circa 1989/1990, see the review
of the project in Autumn 1993 issue of 2600 or CuD  for more details or
email lodcom at mindvox.phantom.com) that the LOD had access to those same systems
years before MOD was around, and no one was the wiser simply because it was
more of an exploration of the systems as opposed to an exploitation of the systems. I for one operated on the premise that if I didn't know what a certain
command did, I did not type it in. That kind of caution allows you to explore
and learn as safely as possible by helping to avoid accidental damage.
As for tapping phone lines, most any reader of the cypherpunks list can do
this physically. What the MOD *may* have done (or use the word allegedly if
you like), is to gain access to certain phone company systems, such as LMOS
(Loop Maintenance Operating System) which allow a person who has a privileged
account and the correct commands and syntax, to REMOTELY monitor phone lines.
The phone company does this for repair and maintenance reasons and not to spy
on subscribers. As we all know, most technologies can be used for reasons other
than for what they were originally intended, this being a classic example.
As for avoiding detection, if one had access to the Switching Control systems,
they would be able to do a whole host of other things from putting traces on
subscribers served by the particular switch to seeing if there were any
'traces' on their lines. In addition, putting call forwarding onto a network
access port number and then forwarding calls to their computer, would allow
the perpetrator to gain untold amounts of usernames/passwords for systems on
whichever network they forwarded the calls from.
Back in 1984 or so, a fellow lod member, The Blue Archer, dealt a lot with
Mitnick (using the handle The Condor if I remember correctly). I specifically
recall speaking with Blue Archer when he told me to not discuss certain things
for fear that Condor was listening to his line remotely. Not only this, but
Condor gave Blue Archer a phone number in California that forwarded to his
real phone number which was located 1000 miles east. This number lasted for
a long time and somehow there was never any billing associated with this
long distance forwarding situation.
Therefore, I believe the above happened and was not rumor. What is interesting
is that he was capable of this type of technology manipulation nearly a decade
ago. Condor/Mitnick was one of the 'best' there ever was, but it appears that
he used his knowlege and abilities in ways that he probably should not have.
Reply was cc'd to you.

@_date: 1993-11-20 19:52:27
@_author: Lex Luthor 
@_subject: "True Identities" 
mg5n+ at andrew.cmu.edu (Matthew J Ghio) Writes:
Douglas Barnes Writes:
I agree, background is the key. This whole conversation about Nyms, pseudospoofing, etc. is interesting.
was to use a handle/pseudonym. On the underground BBS systems, using a real
name or even a real-sounding name (even if it was a handle) would cause a
good deal of suspicion and would make getting verified for full access
difficult. I am constantly amazed how people routinely use their
real names in conversations over the internet. I don't judge them however, I
don't think they are stupid either, its just DIFFERENT than the way I am used to operating.
The complete opposite viewpoint seems to be prevalent among those who have
been using the internet for years -- before the general public started to
overrun it. Those people have been accustomed to communicating with people
who seemed to be real, at least they had real sounding names. Now an
increasing number of pseudo-entities are appearing on the Internet. Some are
disturbed by this. To me, its more like "what took so long". With irresponsible people sending mail bombs, using personal information from 'finger' to harass people they don't agree with, etc. it isn't hard to
see why some people have reservations about various anonymous or pseudo-
anonymous entities. The problem lies in the fact that creating a new identity
on the internet either by creating additional user accounts or through the
use of anonymous remailers is so easily accomplished that the concept of
trust and reputation has been eroded. This is different from my background
whereas reputation was essentially EVERYTHING and the creation of a new
identity that allowed one to use desirable systems/services (ie, 'elite'
systems) took long periods of time. The benefit of this type of social
structure was that it naturally kept abuse, deception, and harassment to
a minimum. I am not sure what my ultimate point is (as you may have surmised by now)
other than there are inherent differences in each Internet user's background
just as there are cultural differences among races in real life. There unfortunately will always be some prejudice against those who are different.
Isn't a lot of energy saved simply by basing judgement on what others SAY
and DO rather than what they LOOK LIKE or in this case, what their
'name' or 'nym' is?

@_date: 1993-10-03 15:54:33
@_author: Lex Luthor 
@_subject: The right to remain silent 
Quoting a previous message:
A wise mindvox user said recently on the round-table forum:
"If you have nothing to hide and did nothing wrong then you have absolutely
 nothing to lose by keeping quiet"
Having seen many a hacker (and non-hacker) get into trouble over the years,
I'd have to say that Sandy's assesment is correct in the majority of cases.
as for "rolling over--like a bitch in heat-- on your friends and associates"
this too I have seen all too often and many times to little benefit to the
rat who is talking. Dragging other people down with you serves little purpose IMHO and is a particularly dispicable and all too common trend among
hackers of recent years.
oh and sandy, I did read the Hacker Crackdown :-)
Let me quote a second recent post:
although no one is asking me, I'll admit that perhaps this message itself
is guilty of the above. And I am on the verge of unsubscribing after a
couple of months being on the list because the daily time requirement to
keep on top of the messages is exceeding an hour. Perhaps splintering the
list into the following 2 main areas is an option: 1) A fairly lean-bandwidth list containing technical facts, news articles,
bibliographic info, short source code, etc.
2) A more fluffy-content list containing general comments, opinions, flames,
Subscription to list 2 would probably necessitate subscription to list 1.
But for those who want the meat without the potatoes, subscription to list 1
is all that would be required.
I recall this coming up about a month and a half ago, more calls for
keeping the messages "pertinent" to the cypherpunk agenda. The problem has
only grown worse.
