
@_date: 2011-12-22 20:16:52
@_author: liberationtech at lewman.us 
@_subject: [liberationtech] How SOPA's 'circumvention' ban could put a 
: How SOPA's 'circumvention' ban could put a target on Tor
: : A little-noticed section of the Stop Online Piracy Act could make it
: illegal to distribute Tor and other software that can "circumvent"
: attempts by the U.S. government to block pirate Web sites.
Clearly putting the word 'tor' in your article generates
pageviews. There's the extreme position for the pageviews and then
there's reality. If Tor was marketed as a way to explicitly defeat the SOPA provisions,
if SOPA is passed as is, and if the US Attorney General's office comes
after Tor for specifically marketing Tor as a way to defeat the DNS
censorship of a blocked url in the US, then perhaps Declan is correct.
Even Wendy's blog post mentioned in Declan's blog post is full of 'could'
and 'if' statements. I take Declan's post with a huge grain of salt.
In some bizarre world where the First Amendment of the US Constitution
is gutted, then Tor falling under SOPA is the least of our concerns.

@_date: 2011-07-27 21:43:36
@_author: liberationtech at lewman.us 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Targeted Tracking 
: The Information Warfare Monitor just posted a short security note on "Targeted Tracking", the link for which is here:
: : : Our security analyst discovered some clever ways in which emails are being sent to targets presumably to collect vulnerability intelligence that can be used later on.  Please pass along to Tibetan organizations that you may believe are recipients of this email.
As the former CTO of an online marketing firm, this is called "getting
to know your customer".  The only thing suspicious in the email is the
dyndns.org domain.  Any real marketer would use 2o7.net or some other
global tracking system, like google-analytics.com, to see who is hitting
their page, and what characteristics each user presents. These systems
automatically map the individual and their entire history to this single
email. In fact, the more targetted you want your email campaign, the
more it costs, on the order of US$0.001 per email sent (yes, that's less
than one cent).
I believe you when you say these techniques are also being used to
target people.  However, at the same time, they've been used for the past
decade to gather intelligence about customers to better target ads
and features about a product.
I get emails from many organizations, non-profit and for-profit alike,
that are loaded with tracking links, javascript, and other techniques to
elucidate my browsing history, browser profile, etc. Some examples
sitting in my inbox right now are from CPJ, ACLU, and CIMA. It seems simpler to me for an adversary to simply buy the needed data
from an ad network rather than go through all of the trouble of

@_date: 2011-03-20 21:35:54
@_author: liberationtech at lewman.us 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Fwd: [APC Forum] Online 'astroturfing': 
A correction to my own email, apparently "Operation Earnest Voice" is up
to $200m, not the $10m I read somewhere.
$200m figure from

@_date: 2011-10-20 23:43:50
@_author: liberationtech at lewman.us 
@_subject: [liberationtech] TOR-based darknet - negative publicity 
: This report on Anonymous' takedown of servers hosting child
: pornography is the kind of publicity TOR doesn't want, presumably:
: I wonder how that action is different than this,
And you can always tell when someone doesn't bother to talk to Tor
itself, Also,

@_date: 2012-08-15 09:46:01
@_author: liberationtech at lewman.us 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Images of Blocking in Different Countries? 
: As far as I can tell, China doesn't "keyword-filter" in the sense most
: people think of that phrase. That is, the Great Firewall isn't inspecting
: all the text which flows through it, failing to deliver any web pages which
: have offending words. The filtering is of two main types:
China does lots of things in various ways. Best educated guesses as to why
this is so are around lack of coordination internally and they like to
try new things to see how much under- or over-blocking happens. What's
been interesting is that I ran an IPv6-only host for the past year
and queried all sorts of banned terms and known-blocked sites without
issue. It seems China only focuses on IPv4 right now. When Huawei,
Cisco, ZTE, and others have an IPv6 firewalling solution, I'm sure the
censorship will expand to include IPv6 as well.

@_date: 2012-12-22 14:52:51
@_author: liberationtech at lewman.us 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Google Hangout the new, 
: So I guess I'd say, who is going to fund a competitor to skype built on
: jitsi? Without a. Convenient easy to use GUI b. Sexy advocates and adopters
: and c. A marketing plan you aren't going to compete with Skype, Google
: Hangout, etc.
My guess would be the people behind jitsi,  and their partners,
ippi.fr worked pretty well, until they demanded a copy of my passport
to continue service.
: If security and privacy experts and developers are serious about broad
: adoption of their tools and not just building a closed club of
: cryptoexperts shouting "fire!" We have to work this out. I'm pretty busy
Conversely, as I continue to work with global law enforcement, a shocking
amount of crime still happens over the public telephone network. Even
with its lack of encryption, centralized data collection, and lawful
intercept, criminal organizations are still successfully coordinating,
planning, and growing over this 100+ year old technology and networks. And
for all of the fancy tools, analysis, and skills, law enforcement is
still one step behind the criminals simply using the public phone
It's the 1% of criminals which use things like skype, tor, cryptocat,
i2p, google hangouts, etc. And even then, they screw up and get caught
because their ego grows larger than their skills.
And to take a super-unpopular stance, empirical evidence says use of
skype isn't the problem. Take Syria as an example, the problem is
OSX and Windows on the laptops because that's what the Syrian state
malware attacks. From a resource perspective, the Assad regime is being
economically smart. Rather than trying to attack some cryptosystem and
glean data from traffic analysis, just attack the end user and get all
the data before it enters the cryptosystem. This is likely the same
analysis the German's used. Rather than trying to crack skype, they got
state-sponsored malware to crack the operating system and get the data
before it enters skype. Vietnam approached the skype-problem by using
parabolic microphones outside the houses of suspected activists.
Solving the analog problem (voice, keystroke sound analysis, electrical
grid background noise, etc) and user security weaknesses ("Oh look, an
attachment! Let's load it up!") is probably a better place for solutions
than yet another crypto-system.

@_date: 2012-12-27 17:22:21
@_author: liberationtech at lewman.us 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Travel with notebook habit 
What comes to mind first is the EFF's guide:
Or  for a full picture.
Jake is somewhat extreme, but not without reason. I wrote up my
practices after having the same conversation again and again
with people around the world. Slightly less extreme, but here's what I
do now, While it's fun to worry about the borders and foreign agents, the real
concern is the common criminal walking away with laptops and phones.

@_date: 2012-02-19 14:37:46
@_author: liberationtech at lewman.us 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Assange's claim about Tor losing US government 
: I was a bit puzzled by it. So were people at
: Cryptome,
: who asked Tor about it. Here is what Andrew Lewman (who's on this list)
: wrote to them:
To be clear, two other news organizations were as well, but only Cryptome
published something.
: Now, Andrew's statement is carefully worded, i.e. it does allow for the
: possibility that Tor lost the USG money but they think it was not
: Jacob/WikiLeaks-related.
Yes, it was carefully worded. It was cryptome after all. Generally, the
journalists were looking for some drama-filled story where there is none.
: So it would be good to know whether a) Tor did lose some or all of USG
: support between late 2010 and early 2012? and b) there is any evidence to
: link this to WL, as Assange did?
Tor did not lose existing funding. We applied for some funding right
around the time when Jacob's volunteer activities with wikileaks were in
the news. We did not get the funding. The lack of funding the proposal
was not attributed to 'wikileaks', but rather lack of sufficient funds.
I'm taking it at face value that we applied for some funding near the
end of a fiscal year and were denied because there wasn't enough money
in the budget to fund the project.
: Whatever the motivation, USG cutting support to circumvention tools is a
: big news item all in itself, regardless of the link to Assange. I wonder
: why it wasn't more widely reported, if true - perhaps, by Tor project
: itself?-  because ultimately this would all be visible on Tor's financial
: statements.
We just started our 2011 audit, so in a few months we'll have something
for public release.

@_date: 2012-01-08 22:30:58
@_author: liberationtech at lewman.us 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Mobile Phone Security 
: Considering this, which mobile phone
: providers and manufacturers remain the most secure? It seems like
: the numbers are dwindling, and the user-end side of things is
: becoming more uneasy.
Roughly zero if your threat model involves a government.  All cell
phones have two operating systems, one is the baseband for managing
communications with the cell towers and signal processing, the other is
the one for the humans. The baseband has 'lawful intercept' built in to
appease western governments, at least.
I'm not sure to which OS the slashdot story
refers, but here's a crash course in iphone's OSes,
And here's a quick presentation on what the
baseband OS, or firmware, does in a 3G phone,
For an example of the details, the osmocombb project,
 is trying to write a completely free
baseband stack for cell phones. They have some pretty good details and
presentations on the hardware hacking involved in re-writing the baseband
from scratch.
As for actually secure phones, from the baseband through the user
interface, Cryptophone,  makes a few models,
but as you can expect, they are expensive. There are probably others,
but I've only used the cryptophone g10+ model.
And just in case you think the baseband isn't fun to
explore and exploit to win contests at security conferences,

@_date: 2012-05-10 12:04:27
@_author: liberationtech at lewman.us 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Secure Your Domain - Where Is Safe to Register 
: : Secure Your Domain - Where Is Safe to Register a Domain Name?
I realize this is just Woody and some guy pontificating late at night,
however a more thorough answer would involve the cross-section of MLATs,
Military assistance treaties, and global copyright agreements. I know
a few people who are registering their domains in countries generally
hostile to the US and EU and unlikely to sign an MLAT or any other
agreement with businesses based out of either region. For example, if you wanted to start a cool new file sharing site, base
it in Iran, Iraq, Cuba, Libya, Syria, Belarus, Zimbabwe, or Burma. This
of course means you ignore the human rights issues with these countries.
Otherwise you're left with .i2p, .onion, freenet, gnunet, and other
alternate root domains like .glue, .pirate, etc from opennic.
Or just register domains in many tlds with local in-country registrars
and plan for a legal battle at each step of the way.

@_date: 2012-10-30 16:56:48
@_author: liberationtech at lewman.us 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Fwd: Finally the Computer-Internet Security 
: > Peter Neumann proposes killing computers and the Internet to start over
: > and build something far worse to meticulously track every nano-bite of digital
: > communications with unrevocable, implanted encrypted ID in every device to
: > authenticate ID of users.
Sounds like snakeoil to me. I'll just write malware that sits between
the reader and the next layer into the OS. And I would attack the backend
databases which have the tokens to verify everyone anyway.
I've skipped the issues of surgery to swap implanted devices, cloning
devices, database corruption, witness protection, identity theft, data
leakage, etc.

@_date: 2012-10-31 01:13:15
@_author: liberationtech at lewman.us 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Bitcoin and The Public Function of Money 
: Does Bitcoin have the potential to replace Government fiat money?
I assume you've seen

@_date: 2013-02-05 18:59:03
@_author: liberationtech at lewman.us 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Removing watermarks from pdfs (pdfparanoia) 
I get PDFs watermarked to me by their placement of sections in relation
to one another, their word choice in opening sentences of paragraphs,
and figure/image locations within the PDF. The idea being that the
content is the watermark, not some silly overlay watermark which is
fairly easily stripped out in most free operating systems.

@_date: 2013-02-11 14:22:28
@_author: liberationtech at lewman.us 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Happy Creepy February! 
: Thanks to investigative work by the Guardian, we can tell just how many
: steps back online privacy's taken this year.  It's unfortunate:
: :     Not too much investigative work in my opinion. This Guardian article
reads like a press release for Raytheon, announcing their new product.
and My guess is this video is a demo made for the DARPA BAA. And what did you
expect? People put their lives online and share everything, of course
someone is going to record and collate it all. And these same people
will get the bright idea to predict the future with suspect data.

@_date: 2013-09-04 22:27:46
@_author: liberationtech at lewman.us 
@_subject: [liberationtech] NSA Laughs at PCs, Prefers Hacking Routers and Switches 
When I read this article, I read core routers and switches at ISPs,
like Cisco, Juniper, F5, etc. I don't read this as linksys, dlink,
netgear, etc. I'm sure NSA could crack into anything consumer
level with ease, it's likely any 4-bit criminal could do it too.
However, it makes more sense for NSA to watch the core connectivity
points on the Internet, rather than watching individuals, solely from
an economic effort versus benefit point of view.
When I ran global networks, one can record everything and sort out the
individual streams later to find employees doing various layers of
fraud or not. There was no point in watching the end points because it
was too resource intensive.
I'm sure the NSA has analyzed this and come to the same conclusion.
There's no point in going after tens of millions of endpoints, when you
can own them all with a handful of switches.
A counterpoint is that most core Internet routers and switches are
running at capacity and any monitoring affects quality of service and
gets customers complaining.
