
@_date: 2005-10-01 18:47:27
@_author: lists 
@_subject: [arma@mit.edu: Re: Wikipedia & Tor] 
References: Walking away from TOR and Wikipedia implementations...
Already, IPs have reputations associated with them and serve as
pseudonyms. Blacklists are one example of this reputation being used or
abused. In some distant future, with the switch to IPv6, there exists
the potential for so many entities to have IPs that IPs will function as
identities on a much broader scale. This will facilitate a great deal
of reputation and trust being established on the basis of IPs with other
measures, similar to the early days of the net but with a less open
And, off on a tangent...
(Since this was still in my shorter term memory after the NYC BSD Con a
few weeks ago...) The general point of DKIM
( is to have a sender domain mail
server sign messages, and then a receiver domain mail server can query
the public key for the sender domain and verify the signature. DKIM
suggested that public keys be stored in DNS records for domains. While
this storage could be per domain, it could also be per sub-domain, per
end entities of a domain, etc. Given the driver to combat spam, you
never know, something like this could happen in the next few years.
Issues of the capabilities of the current DNS and DNS security
infrastructure aside, we then have a universal public key distribution
mechanism. So, IPs can be tied to domains, domains can be tied to public
keys, sub-domains, or end entities, sub-domains can be tied to public
keys or end entities, end entities can be tied to public keys, and so on
and so forth. Reputations can be built, and there are lots of ways of
establishing trust for keys as needed, be it simple PKI, web of trust,
etc. It all seems more fluid than anything we have now.
A lot could then happen for end users transparently, much like when they
swipe a credit card. DKIM is just one example of that.

@_date: 2005-09-27 20:37:01
@_author: lists 
@_subject: [arma@mit.edu: Re: Wikipedia & Tor] 
References: I find the concept of having both pseudonymous and anonymous traffic
through TOR quite interesting. In some cases, you really do wish to just
separate yourself from your meatspace identity but you may want the
reputation of a bitspace identity; in other cases, you want to
completely separate yourself from any identity. There are audited
anonymizers that provide a form of pseudonymity, in that, they know who
you are and can regulate your behavior accordingly. These are generally
in the commercial space. Building a TOR nymspace would be much more
interesting and distributed.
TOR itself does not necessarily have to deal with this. There could be
services flowing through TOR that provide this. However, TOR nodes
implementing pseudonymous traffic for their own network seems more
natural and easier to do. Entry/exit nodes, some nodes, all nodes, or
whatever subset makes the most sense could then authenticate
pseudonymous traffic and determine capabilities based on things like
But, that was not a why. Anonymity has the property of removing
responsibility from the actor for their actions, which is not always a
good thing. I am sure TOR exit nodes are hit with the responsibility for
those actors, which can lead to the end of exit nodes. At a minimum,
pseudonymity can provide a degree of responsibility through reputation.
Exit nodes could support either pseudo or anon, or both, depending on
beliefs, risks, etc. Also, users could select anon or pseudo as needed.
I like choice.
Anyway, that is a why and an interesting topic, but TOR has other things
to focus on.

@_date: 2006-04-14 20:10:45
@_author: lists 
@_subject: [Clips] Say Hello to Voiceprinting 
References:   <4ef5fec60604141452y6f563b4fhbb629181abb750f5
Yeah, this biometric seems trivial to defeat. Recording someone's voice
is easy, and there is plenty of software out there for manipulating
sound, which makes splicing phrases together quite simple.
"Voiceprinting" is much more interesting in the context of surveillance.

@_date: 2006-04-25 20:42:35
@_author: lists 
@_subject: [dave@farber.net: [IP] More Surveillance Cams in NYC] 
References: <20060425115110.GT23772
This reminds me of a time a buddy and I were presenting to a group at a
rather large company that had offices scattered about the country. The
presentation was going to be video conferenced across multiple offices, and
one of the people was teaching us how to control the various cameras at the
remote offices. During this tutorial, a rather attractive member of the
opposite sex was setting up one of the remote offices, so the person
conducting the demonstration decided zoom would be a good thing for us to
learn at that moment and zoomed in on certain parts of this remote person's
anatomy. I could only imagine the amount of money that rather large company
had spent on "appropriate conduct training" for that person, and it all went
right out the window in an instant.
Kinda makes you think about the ways in which these cameras will be abused
by those intended to use them.
