
@_date: 2013-10-09 11:59:51
@_author: Jim Pingle 
@_subject: [pfSense] NSA: Is pfSense infiltrated by "big brother" NSA or others? 
As far as I'm aware, nobody has contacted us, but if they did I may not
know. They aren't really interested in end-user firewalls, they want
infrastructure routers.
We had a discussion on this already a month ago.
Our code is all open source. In addition to our own code, code is also
pulled from places such as FreeBSD, OpenSSL, and so on. So while our
code is clean, it might be possible that if something we depend on has a
flaw (perhaps by design in an encryption algorithm...) then it might be
carried over. Nothing intentional on our part, and if such a thing is
discovered and the offending code is fixed, we'd pull it in ASAP.
So it would be more interesting to focus on FreeBSD, OpenSSL, OpenVPN,
racoon, and other similar projects upon which we depend.
List mailing list
List at lists.pfsense.org

@_date: 2013-10-10 08:19:40
@_author: Jim Pingle 
@_subject: [pfSense] Crypto/RNG Suggestions 
I'm moving this to a fresh thread so that it will be unencumbered by the
other discussion that has strayed a bit. Even if one were to ignore
government agency interference, finding the best crypto choices is a
good topic, but it can easily get lost in the other discussion when some
people have written off the other topic. So lets try to keep this thread
solely on the technical topic of cryptographic quality.
I haven't yet seen anything conclusive. People have called into question
some or all of ECC, NSA's suggested Suite B, and so on. I put some links
in a previous message[1]. If anyone knows of some solid research showing
specific ciphers have been compromised, I'd love to see it so we can
inform users.
We use the RNG from FreeBSD so that may be a better question for a
FreeBSD-specific forum or list. There may be people here that know,
however, you're more likely to get better feedback from FreeBSD directly.
1: List mailing list
List at lists.pfsense.org
