
@_date: 1995-12-02 10:43:45
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Windows95 "Security" 
A separate password file is kept for each "user" in:
  C:\WINDOWS\*.PWL
.PWL files are weakly encrypted with the "default login" password. Once you decrypt them, they contain cleartext passwords for every other password-protected resource accessed by that user (network servers, screen savers, dial-up networking, possibly .PWL-enabled encryption Somebody supposedly posted code for decrypting .PWL files to sci.crypt.
.PWL files are persistent, i.e., Joe "logs on," saves a couple passwords, "logs off," then Judy comes by, hits Escape or various other trivial tricks to avoid the need to "log on," picks up Joe's .PWL file, and cracks it at her leisure.
Each "user" also gets an unencrypted "profile" that gives all application
preferences. Anyone who treats Win95 as if it were a multiuser system is an idiot.

@_date: 1995-12-04 11:47:53
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Cracked: WINDOWS.PWL 
Very interesting.
Do you have information on the content of the various resource records
within a .PWL file? They should be the stored usernames and passwords for
every other authenticated service used by the "user profile."
I.e. the "default login," say, the local Windows password, encrypts the
.PWL file, and the contents are the passwords used for NetWare, NT,
Dial-Up Networking, the screen saver, .PWL-enabled "security" utilities,
If anyone wants a sample .PWL file including known values of all of the above, I can have it for you within a day. Of course I wouldn't want to give you any *real* passwords.
Of course I should just compile your code myself, but it's a busy day, and I'd hate to unnecessarily duplicate someone else's work...
- -rich
 moderator of the win95netbugs list

@_date: 1995-12-05 12:55:39
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: another fbi prosecution 
I think they're referring to at least one of the accounts being obtained
under false pretenses, and the From: lines (and probably Message-ID,
Received, etc) being forged. Which would still be an interesting precedent, yes.

@_date: 1995-12-06 10:46:58
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Microsoft Internet Announcements Thursday, December 7, 1995 
"A day that will live in infamy."
Anyone have the exact time that Bill will begin speaking? I think it would be "neat" if we timed the release of a complete rewrite of the win95netbugs FAQ (with a new security section), improvements to the hackmsoft page, and other stuff for 15 minutes after Bill begins.
The win95netbugs FAQ, version 4.00.950, will be posted to the following
places tomorrow morning (I'll probably be up all night):   [canon URL; multiple load-balancing SPARCServers]
  [use this if you have an old Sun DNS server that barfs on the    www-leland lbnamed tricks]
news.answers, comp.answers, comp.protocols.tcp-ip.ibmpc, and several
higher-traffic groups (this will be the first approved and rtfm-archived
posting; the news-answers folks got back to me last week). I'll probably
create the throwaway w95netbugs at aol.com for posting purposes. An email autoresponder to be named later (finger this account in the An ezine or three to be named later.
- -rich

@_date: 1995-12-06 11:17:56
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: ERA_sur 
I'd say this is relevant, and a good article.
It was also in yesterday's San Jose Mercury News, which is available on
America "On Line" and other places. Might be on [Where] is Cyberia-L archived?

@_date: 1995-12-06 11:56:32
@_author: Richard Charles Graves 
@_subject: Note on "Barring Netscape" 
The Microsoft Internet Explorer sends the user-agent "Mozilla 1.22 (compatible"
to hte server, which triggers an incorrect response from, e.g., This little fraud has the potential to make you look silly if left unexplained.
If you get the string "compatible;" (or Compatible;?), you should instead pop
up Netscapisms that show that Microsoft is lying. Or maybe Billisms.
, which affects only MSIE, might be appropriate.

@_date: 1995-12-06 14:22:48
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Cyberia-L Archive [was Re: ERA_sur] 
As somebody pointed out to me, Cyberia-L, like cypherpunks, is archived on  and the public news server nntp.hks.net.
Now send them some of the money you're going to make from the stock market.

@_date: 1995-12-06 14:41:25
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Press Release on Response to Microsoft Internet Announcements 
I just posted the following from stanford.edu; it probably won't be
approved and propagated in time, though. By the way, alt.internet.media-coverage, to which someone pointed me, is explicitly *not* for press releases. I do not plan to utter the string "cypherpunks at toad.com" because I think there's enough noise here already (some from me). Apologies to sameer for being presumptuous, but I did say "hope," and I also think tomorrow would be a really good time to document the .PWL file - -rich

@_date: 1995-12-07 12:13:00
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: FW: websurfer 4.6 
My, thanks for your opinion.
It may interest you to know that Microsoft recently licensed a bunch of stuff from NetManage (San Jose Merc, no real details given).
- -rich

@_date: 1995-12-07 13:30:17
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: FW: websurfer 4.6 
And the answer, if you believe what they say, is in a series of PowerPoint presentations and speech transcripts on Microsoft's Web
  I found Bill Gates' presentation rather amusing because he uses the term
"broadband" to mean "high bandwidth." He seems to have gotten confused
because ATM is supposed to be both. The bit on server tools says Microsoft plans to do everything. Doesn't look like they've really decided on anything.
Microsoft Internet Explorer will become the browser choice for everyone.
Microsoft Network will ensure that its content is fully accessible to any Microsoft's strategy is to support VB.
Microsoft's strategy is to support Java.
Microsoft's strategy is to support Blackbird.
Microsoft's strategy is to support HTML and VRML.
Microsoft supports Internet and Windows Standards (the latter are not The pictures were pretty, though, especially in the Maritz piece. (Which
was actually prepared by Bill Conte... how convenient that MS Office saves the author's name and other summary information by default.)

@_date: 1995-12-07 19:31:26
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Micro$oft and Java 
I do believe the word "lame" is in order, yes.
Microsoft has issued a public statement on the "issue" at As usual, the inaccuracies begin with the first sentence. Password caching
is not optional. It is on by default. Instructions for turning it off are
not even included with the floppy disk or OEM versions of Win95, and
they're not easy to find in the Resource Kit help file on the install CD,
which is neither installed nor referenced by default. Some rather astute people spent days looking for a way to disable password caching, and they couldn't find it. Their messages are on my list archive.
There is currently *no way* for the administrator of a public Windows 95 lab to have any confidence that password caching has been turned off. All it takes is one malicious user -- or one innocent user who wants to disable system policies for other reasons -- and all passwords used from that machine are compromised.
We started whining about this on November 1; see

@_date: 1995-12-08 14:52:17
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: CP: Mailing List Subjects 
Majordomo always includes a Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com header. You'd know this if you used, say, Microsoft Exchange, Microsoft Mail, or
some other broken mail gateway. Procmail or whatever should be able to filter mail based on this.
You can also read cypherpunks courtesy of  (no,
Cyberia-L isn't there), or nntp.hks.net. Lots of people do this. I prefer
to deal with receiving the list in my personal mailbox because I don't
like waiting for downloads in real time. I asked a related question of one of the networking program managers today; I think the answer is yes. I'll forward this to see if he'd like to make a public comment.

@_date: 1995-12-08 19:50:37
@_author: Richard Charles Graves 
@_subject: Windows .PWL cracker implemented as a Word Basic virus? 
Just an idea. It would be huge, but can anyone think of a reason it would not
be technically feasible?
Also, does NT use the same algorithm for saving network passwords?

@_date: 1995-12-08 22:15:44
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: NT v. Win95 Passwords (was Re: Windows .PWL cracker implemented as a Word Basic virus) 
That would be  Seems
reasonable to me. It's good enough for NT to get the guvment's imprimatur
for the guvment's own use. Does anyone have any technical information on the problem referred to in
 (below)? It says "The password encryption method used by Windows NT is different from
the method used by Windows 95," and offers some curious workarounds.
Microsoft has not been very cooperative. In other news (just to combine four subjects in one message), in our
meeting with Microsoft today on DHCP issues (that's in the gopher archive;
finger me), a Highly Placed Source said that Microsoft would release the
details on the new Win95 .PWL encryption Soon, and that a release
candidate is in internal beta testing now, but that there would be no
outside testing prior to the public release. You may not be able to connect to a shared folder on a Windows 95 computer
from a Microsoft Windows NT workstation.
The password encryption method used by Windows NT is different from
the method used by Windows 95.
You may be able to work around this problem by using one of the following
 - Use all uppercase or all lowercase characters in the Windows 95
   shared folder password.
 - Remove password protection from the shared folder.
 - Use user-level access control instead of share-level access control.
Microsoft is researching this problem and will post new information
here in the Microsoft Knowledge Base as it becomes available.

@_date: 1995-12-13 05:54:07
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: EXON 
A nucleic acid chain (RNA or DNA) is composed of exons, which are "active" sequences of nucleotides that are expressed as polypeptides, and "introns," what is known as "junk DNA." Only about 2% of the 6 billion or so base pairs that make up the human genome are exons.
(There is some controversy in molecular biology circles as to whether "junk DNA" is really "junk" just because it doesn't build proteins. It could perform a regulatory or "frame-check" function.)
In cryptographic applications, the sequence of nucleotides can only be considered random inasmuch as the ratio of exon to intron is unknown.
Hence the inside joke. You see?
There is also a United States Senator James Exon, D-Nebraska I believe, who has introduced several restrictive and silly pieces of legistlation concerning online privacy rights. "The Exon Bill" claims to hold individuals
and online service providers liable for the transmission of undefined "inappropriate" material, such as pornography.
So maybe that's what you've heard people talking about.
Information on Senator Exon is available at all the usual online freedom and privacy haunts:
- -rich

@_date: 1995-12-14 08:22:03
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: And the standard continues to lower... 
I don't believe you'll find that particular college in US News & World "Beam me up, Scotty. There's no intelligent life down here."
- -rich

@_date: 1995-12-15 04:00:43
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: e-mail forwarding, for-pay remailers 
AOL will, however, accept a bogus name, address, and credit card number
(as long as the checksum is correct) for the initial ten free hours plus
however long it takes for the first bill to bounce. America "On Line" will also accept direct debits from an untraceable bank
account (for this they charge a little extra). This is not to say that I have tried any of this (though I have), nor is
it to say that anything on AOL is worth your time anyway. This promises to be an interesting legal fight.

@_date: 1995-12-15 08:44:27
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: e-mail forwarding, for-pay remailers 
They didn't check it very thoroughly last week. I think they just do some
kind of checksum or maybe an assigned-numbers list lookup; it's too fast
to be anything else. I signed up using an unsolicited credit card that was canceled before it
was ever activated. If any paper trail remains (I'd be curious to know
whether there is any, but please don't dig too deep), it should lead to a
nonexistent entity living at my work address (a general mail drop that is used by 50 different people). Of course I fully intend to terminate the AOL account, or less likely
correct the billing information, before the ten free hours runs out. If
they ever care to investigate, they'll find an email message from me to
myself explaining what happened. My AOL account names and the credit card number I used are on the Web.
- -rich
 owner-win95netbugs at lists.stanford.edu
 ftp://ftp.stanford.edu/pub/mailing-lists/win95netbugs/
 gopher://quixote.stanford.edu/1m/win95netbugs

@_date: 1995-12-15 08:52:49
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: ADDRESS DATABASE? 
If you give us your current and previous name, address, phone number,
credit card numbers, social security number, and a list of people you
communicate with, then we might be able to give you a more specific
answer. Otherwise, and probably even so, no. There's too many different ways to
invade your privacy for a third party to determine which particular
method was used.

@_date: 1995-12-16 03:00:13
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISY] Re: Fwd: Corporate Crime and CDT Funding on behalf of so-called medical privacy 
I believe that was Woodward & Bernstein. They were referring to some
right-wing wackos who had flagrantly broken the law investigating their
political opposition, then very sloppily tried to cover it up. Woodward &
Bernstein brought down a President. I think they're cool (though they seem
to have rested on their laurels, and their subsequent work is less
impressive). Anyway, Russell, did you ever get a followup to this? I don't see a
response on CDT's Web page, so I assume the funding issue never hit the "mainstream." I haven't been following the relevant lists and newsgroups.
While Leahy, the medical privacy bill's chief sponsor, is generally regarded as a White Hat (he led the opposition to Exon), I do have serious concerns about the issues that have been raised. I'm aware of the CDT's break with the EFF and have questioned their "maturity" before. It's possible they were "co-opted" or naive.
But at least the CDT cites its sources (like the full text of the bill and
testimony), and allows financial disclosure. This is not true of some less
reputable fringe organizations and publications. As for Clark's implied threats (I'm not entirely sure how much to read
into them, probably not much), I am of course aware of the vulnerability
of my personal records, and live my life accordingly. This includes
monitoring fraudulent requests for credit and medical records and being
completely honest with friends and employers. This is the "other" reason
I'm on cypherpunks. Would that we would all do the same. As for Clark knowing that I'm an274074 at anon.penet.fi, well DUH. I've
posted that several times. It's advertised as a means for people
uninformed about remailers and such to send me anonymous tips. As Woody Allen once said, be fruitful and multiply.
- -rich

@_date: 1995-12-16 16:13:14
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: .PWL spin 
More to the point, us poor professional staff don't stand a chance politically against students and faculty. We support whatever they want to use.
I think it's more an issue of control. Ford IS can say Thou Shalt Not
turn on SAP advertisement, and people will listen (or go away). At major
Universities, what we do with troublemakers is, we hire them.
But back to the point, the anonymous (cypherpunk relevance) "system administrator" (guess they couldn't find anyone willing to make a fool of himself on the record?) who said that Universities would be hurt more was wrong. We just don't have passwords on Win95 machines, or don't care if they're compromised. It's the people at Ford, Dow, and Sprint, which had wasted man-years putting together "policies" and "user profiles" that have proven to be worse than useless, who are pissed off. Actually, yes. Low $40's (consider CA cost of living), direct user
support, but high level of freedom. You're probably overqualified,
though. - -rich

@_date: 1995-12-19 11:58:27
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: (Fwd) SECURITY ALERT: Password protection bug in Netscape 2.0b 
Except for the bit about the file not being deleted after quitting
Netscape (which is Bad), this is old news. This is why security-conscious
sites like banking.wellsfargo.com ask for passwords in an SSL-encrypted
form rather than via simple browser authentication. Even if Netscape did delete the "password cache," anyone with physical access to your machine could still recover it from disk.
I believe that Microsoft Internet Explorer and other browsers derived from
Mosaic do the same thing. Netscape et al know that simple browser authentication is of limited usefulness, which is why we keep trying to commit them to DCE.

@_date: 1995-12-19 20:07:51
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Update on Microsoft .PWL and SMB Spin Control 
I was thinking about copying this to Yves and Yusuf, but I figure it will get to them anyway.
The WinNews  mass mailing (by the way, there seems to have been no
 has this to say about the .PWL bug:  NEW POSTINGS TO WINDOWS 95 WEB SITE AND FORUMS   * Under "WINDOWS 95 SOFTWARE LIBRARY"
      * In "Windows 95 Updates"
          - "Enhanced Password Cache Security Update" - an   enhanced security component that substantially strengthens
  the encryption used for the Microsoft Windows 95 password
  cache.
The update comes with no ReadMe -- it's a self-contained installer only.
No details on how it works appear to be available anywhere. There seems
to be no way to ensure that you have received a patch without viruses or
other modifications. I will not recommend or distribute this archive to
anyone until these problems are fixed. I also just noticed how WinNews  was censored:
 Free Software
  "Updated Drivers for Windows 95 File and Printer Sharing" - has a single   readme. The files are self-extracting executables located at:   FreeSoftware|Windows 95 Updates
The correct name for this page and patch is "Updated Drivers for Windows
95 File and Printer Sharing Security Issue." WinNews gave no indication
what this patch did. A "WinNews Special Issue" with some details on the SMB bug (including
incorrect information that has been quietly corrected, but not retracted
on WinNews or elsewhere) was sent to at least some WinNews subscribers in
late October. This "Special Issue" is not archived on Microsoft's Web
site, however -- it's the only issue that isn't. One month, ten days after the Windows 95 Product Manager assured me that
they would be made available "within two weeks," there are still no
international versions of the SMB or C$ security patches available on
Microsoft's Web site. All non-English copies of Win95 are still
vulnerable. Most of the major PC magazines are going to carry something on the SMB and .PWL bugs next month. Windows Magazine's story is going to be unambiguously positive:
  In response to a posting on the Internet questioning the security of
  Windows 95's optional password caching feature, Microsoft immediately   recommended that concerned users turn off password caching. Microsoft
  has now released a free update to Windows 95 that substantially   increases security.
- -rich

@_date: 1995-12-19 21:08:53
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: (fwd) Junk email address collection (from a junk emailer) 
Personally, I think anyone who uses dejanews as a way to grep Usenet is
an idiot, but since this idiot actually did spend several hours doing so,
and then sent unsolicited commercial email to several thousand people,
it's worth listening to him. Of course he's wrong about DejaNews having anything to do with Stanford.
Anyone know anyone there?
This guy is obviously afraid of me. It's a pretty funny story, actually. Too bad I can't tell it to anyone.
- -rich

@_date: 1995-12-20 14:04:14
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE: Windows 95 .PWL Security "Functionality Enhancement" 
I have been instructed that it is not a bug fix; it is a "Functionality Enhancement." Please note headers before replying -- you're probably in a Bcc field.
The patch for the problem we started discussing on November 1st is dated
yesterday, but no one outside Microsoft appears to have seen it until
today. pr/password.htm started forwarding to the patch distribution page
some time between 2PM and 7:30PM Pacific Time today (yes, I had hit
"reload").   Anyone who uses passwords for just about anything -- network servers, dialup networking, remote registry services -- should get this patch.
For a rough start at a technical discussion of the problem that this patch is supposed to solve, see  or the gopher list archive below.
The Web page says it uses a 128-bit key. Intriguing. Anyone seen the CJR, or is Microsoft exempt?
Microsoft had told various people that the new security algorithm would be
published in advance and reviewed by outside security experts, but I have
not been able to verify this. This was supposed to affect Windows for Workgroups as well; anyone know anything about that?
- -rich
 owner-win95netbugs at lists.stanford.edu
 ftp://ftp.stanford.edu/pub/mailing-lists/win95netbugs/
 gopher://quixote.stanford.edu/1m/win95netbugs

@_date: 1995-11-02 14:55:54
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Win95 password caching 
(A copy of this message has also been posted to the following newsgroups:
[A little more context and Message-ID added from the original post;
cross-posted to nt.admin because it will affect some of you, followups
In article <4791l0$4n14 at holly.ACNS.ColoState.EDU>,
This was not the question. He wants to prevent local Windows passwords
from being created for network-only users. This is a serious security
issue, because if a user enters her real network password for the Windows
password, and someone else later picks up the .PWL files, which are not
encrypted in a particularly secure way, then someone can get unauthorized
access to the network as the previous user(s).
We believe we have found answers in the Registry and in POLEDIT. We've
also turned up another related security bug. When it's confirmed, we'll
post. In the mean time, you can read the last couple messages archived at
 llurch at networking.stanford.edu
 moderator of the win95netbugs list

@_date: 1995-11-02 18:33:19
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: From Bill Frezza: Electronic Warfare 
Sending mail without valid commands to majordomo will give you a help
file.  You don't *really* want the actual list address to be published
everywhere, do you? I think the noise/signal ratio is high enough already.
cypherpunks-request at toad.com would have been better, because it gives a more specific help file. URL would have been better still. But not the

@_date: 1995-11-03 05:19:44
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: censored? corrected [Steve Pizzo cited in The Spotlight] 
Shit happens.
The Spotlight's official classification in the UC and Stanford library
databases is "Serials -- Anti-Semitic." I don't mean to offend anyone too
much, but the Spotlight is generally regarded to be rather lunatic-fringe.
Though the same is probably said of anyone on the cypherpunks list, hmm... Spotlight tends to be rather vague in its sources for a reason. I found
the article to which this apparently refers at
 It is rather less
lurid, but might still be of moderate concern. See the October 13
followup. I'm copying this to Steve Pizzo. I'm sure he'll get a real kick out of
being cited in The Spotlight, whose politics are a little different than This is semantically and logically equivalent to:
Last May, amid growing public disbelief of Establishment media reports about the Oklahoma City bombing provocation [provocation?], Fred Rogers changed his shoes.
Obviously, Mr. Rogers is part of the conspiracy.
I know that at least part of this is true, at least in part.
SAIC also designed the hull of the Stars & Stripes yacht that won the America's Cup. Obviously Dennis Conner is part of a conspiracy that involves the Bavarian Illuminati, the Pope (who visited San Diego once), and New Zealand. Isn't it suspicious that the last America's Cup was contested and finally decided by the New York Supreme Court, the seat of the World Jewish Conspiracy?
Disclaimer: I was born in the San Diego area, and I know people who worked at SAIC, so I'm probably part of the conspiracy too.
I believe this is the first time I have seen the Post Office favorably Anyone capable of sending this message should have known that this was complete BS.
And now we have PROOF! For THIS VERY MESSAGE, sent to THIS VERY LIST only
EIGHT HOURS AGO was MYSTERIOUSLY DISAPPEARED! Hide the women and children!
I know that several people who have been spamming the net with Foster garbage have been UDP'd. Read back issues of news.admin.net-abuse.misc.
Hmm, few specifics here. I wonder if they would care to elaborate. Nah.
It is, of course, true that countries including Singapore, China, Vietnam, and Cuba control net access rather tightly, and there have been reprisals against online dissidents.
Only the Shadow knows.
- -rich
 llurch at networking.stanford.edu

@_date: 1995-11-03 08:49:35
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: censored? corrected [Steve Pizzo cited in The Spotlight] 
I stand corrected. SurfWatch already allows people and organizations to do
this voluntarily for anything that mentions sex. I am sure that certain
sites are blocked by China, Vietnam, Singapore, and Fortune 1000
Corporations, for both "moral" and political reasons. But it's not the DNS you need to control -- it's the routers. Which are still rather distributed. BBN is part of the Eastern Elite, though...
- -rich

@_date: 1995-11-03 14:38:20
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: FBI Wants to Wiretap One of Every 100 Phones in Urban Areas 
Gee, I hope they didn't spook you too badly when they jumped out at you like that. I can tell you're a little jumpy.
Easy: both. 1,154 wiretaps, and 20K to 25K intercepts, which includes both wiretaps and other interceptions, i.e., recording which phone numbers you call but not actually listening to the conversations.
Get out of Dodge.
By whom is the FBI being sued? What is the case number? Who are the lawyers? What are their Bar numbers? How many times have they been disciplined for bringing frivolous suits?
Obviously, it is two elections from now, when the UN will invade the US to impose the rule of the Anti-Christ.
Oops, I wasn't supposed to say that.
- -rich

@_date: 1995-11-03 15:50:12
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISY] Re: Clinton Administration Plans 1.5 MILLION WIRETAPS 
Ah, Clark graces us with his presence. See articles
<46kf2u$4ck at mars.cnct.com> and <45ch8o$915 at mars.cnct.com>. I especially
enjoyed <44l7r9$dsv at mars.cnct.com>.
Here's a little more information on this fine publication, which is in the
forefront of the struggle to expose the truth about the United Nations'
responsibility for the bombing of the Oklahoma Federal Building. Note the
second Library of Congress topic classification. The Spotlight is often
cited in alt.revisionism. Larger University libraries usually carry it;
I know Stanford and Berkeley do.
TITLE:    Spotlight (Washington, D.C.)
          The Spotlight.
          The Spotlight (Washington)
IMPRINT:  Washington, Liberty Lobby.
          v. ill. 39 cm.
TOPICS:   United States--Politics and government--1969---Periodicals.
          Antisemitism--Periodicals.
          Conservatism--United States--Periodicals.
NOTES:    Weekly (except two issues combined into one at beginning of year)
          v. 2, no. 16-     Apr. 19, 1976-
          Continues: National spotlight
          Language: English   Year: 1976-
          ISSN 0191-6270
This is not true. This is a trial balloon, not a directive;  it's a first,
wet dream draft at the beginning of a public comment period. It is dead on arrival.
It will not be implemented, not if we have any say in the matter, and we
do. Please do chime in, though, based on EPIC's responsible analysis and
recommendations. This is not true.
[Tin-foil-hat-tinged plagiarism of EPIC's alert deleted]
The second and third sentences are true. If you are a US citizen (natural born White Sovereign State Citizen or otherwise), please follow up on them. Let your voice be heard.
The first sentence has at least four readily apparent logical and factual flaws.
Not if they're encrypted, they can't :-)
[All plagiarized from the EPIC alert; a few errors, but nothing major]
This is completely untrue. Cite please?
Yes, please do. The facts are rather disturbing. Clark's transcription leaves a little to be desired, so I quote EPIC:
WHAT YOU CAN DO:
(a) Express support for Rep. Bob Barr (R-GA), a former federal prosecutor and leading Congressional
opponent of the FBI's request for wiretap funding:      Rep. Bob Barr
     U.S. House of Representatives
     1607 Longworth Building
     Washington, DC 20515
     (202) 225-2931
(b) Submit comments to the FBI. Object to the "percentage approach" to
wiretap capacity. Urge the FBI to follow the current measurement of
wiretapping, as reported annually by the Administrative Office of the U.S.
Courts, which considers the actual number of wiretaps authorized. If you
are a telephone customer, ask the FBI to address the privacy risks of
unauthorized, illegal, or excessive wire surveillance. Comments should be
submitted in triplicate to the Telecommunications Industry Liaison Unit
(TILU), Federal Bureau of Investigation, P.O. Box 220450, Chantilly, VA
22022-0450. Send copies of your comments to EPIC (alert at epic.org) and
Congressman Barr.                  ** Comments must be received by November 15, 1995. **
(c) If you represent or work for a telecommunications company, equipment
manufacturer, or service provider, assess carefully the cost and liability
that this proposed federal regulation may impose on your company and the
risk that it may expose your customers to illegal wiretapping. If you are
interested in challenging the final FBI rule, contact EPIC. [BUAF of a birdie deleted]
- -rich

@_date: 1995-11-03 17:32:54
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE, NOTE HEADERS] Re: FBI Wants to Wiretap One of Every 100 , Phones in Urban Areas 
I can only hope you're joking, but based on your last article, I'm not so
sure. That was intended as a small joke for anyone using PGP; see the
X-PGP-Key header in the original message. You really should have talked to Steve Pizzo before bastardizing his
article. Now you might get written up again as an example of the
conspiracy wackos on the net. I suppose you view any publicity as a
positive. I wholly support that goal. EPIC has indeed made an FOIA claim and sued the FBI, but not for the
reasons stated, which is why I assumed you were talking about something
else. Again, Spotlight being vague about evidence that doesn't really
support their points. The case is C.A. No. 94-1720 (CRR) in D.C.  You can
write to the court for the full record, at duplication cost. I fully support EPIC's position. My apologies for confusing the message
with the second-hand, third-rate messenger. I notice you added Arnie Lerma to the recipient list. Didn't he publicly dissociate himself from you guys? Doesn't he have other things on his mind? I have another little joke just for him on my machine at gopher://dorms.stanford.edu:70/0R478556-480696-/win95netbugs et seq (the file actually goes all the way to byte 1149418).
[Big Bird deleted]
- -rich
 [Followups out of cpunks, please]

@_date: 1995-11-05 01:14:14
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Telephone switch capacity -Reply 
[about the FBI supposedly wanting the ability to tap 1% of all phones in the US simultaneously]
EPIC, CDT, and the original source confirm that they're talking about
capacity, not total circuits. So what the FBI was asking for (not
demanding, certainly not dicatating) by early 1999 (not Oct 1998, because
the ticker starts at the end of the comment period) was between 0.25% and
1% of the 10-20% of lines that the phone system can handle at once, or
between 0.025% and 0.2% of the lines. Of course the FBI doesn't have the staff to listen to all these lines, and
they need an individual court order to authorize each individual
interception, so this numbers game is a bit of a joke. There is no controversy about the number of wiretaps that have been
authorized, except as manufactured by the Spotlight folks and other
conspiracy loons. The EPIC FOIA request and lawsuit concerns the rationale
for the FBI's capacity request. It all makes a little more sense now. I had been wondering what the hell
the FBI had been smoking. Something not quite as strong as the stuff the
Spotlight people are smoking, it turns out. The FBI proposal is still Not A Good Thing, and deserves your interest and opposition. See  for facts and reasonable responses. The CDT's page, at  is better.

@_date: 1995-11-05 02:07:32
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: 800_ape 
Mitch is incorrect. Microsoft considers direct lies to be OK. Witness the handling of the SMB security bugs.
I'm putting together a "Windows 95 Frequently Unanswered Questions File."

@_date: 1995-11-05 09:16:43
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [ID point semi-off-topic] Re: using PGP only for digital signatures 
All true.
A green card, by itself, also fails to prove legal status.
Proving legal residency requires a combination of two documents, one each
from specified lists. Most commonly a driver's license, green card (which
is actually pink), or birth certificate from list A, and a social
security card from list B. Chris Hibbert's SSN FAQ talks a little bit about how this works, and why
it's a Good Thing. Basically, for privacy and security reasons, it is a
very good idea to separate the issues of identity and authorization.
I don't care how securely you can authenticate who I am -- by PGP, retinal
scan, whatever. I do not want a single digitizable token to be the key to
my identity. Even if that identity cannot be forged (and everything can be
forged), it can be used to track me, by the government, by the Direct
Marketing Association, by the private investigators of certain wacky
cults, and by TRW. And I suppose by those secret government types at SAIC
who, we are told, control the Internet now :-)
It is a little inconvenient, but this is why it's a Good Thing that you
need a separate driver's license, social security card, credit card, phone
number, PGP key, password, thumbprint, and retina. I would oppose moves to
combine them to a single unified "mark of the beast," as it were. I am a
little uneasy about the otherwise very cool First Bank of the Internet for
this reason. If you use FBOI, I'd recommend using a PGP key separate from your usual PGP key.
Crypto fans need to recognize that the ability to securely prove your identity is not an unmitigated advance.
Of course, all the crypto fans here are also pseudonym fans.
This is a job for private key cryptography, like kerberos.

@_date: 1995-11-05 10:51:28
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Credentials Without Identity 
Thanks for the newbie correction.
In case anyone else is new to this, I couldn't find that paper, but Chaum's
ideas and references are at True. But until digital technology becomes ubiquitous, we're stuck with
it, and it does help. I see no analog, well, analog to credential technology. It absolutely requires machines that can generate and handle large random numbers. Right?
My point was, even people who should know better, like the managers and
clients of FBOI (fboi at netcom.com), are relying on security through appeal
to irrelevant crypto authority, which is even worse. Using your primary
pgp key as a traceable link to your credit card number or bank account can
be just as bad as publishing your credit card number. I haven't yet fully digested this concept, but don't you get into a bit of
a chicken-and-egg problem when you start applying this to things like
proof of age and citizenship? Until you reach a certain age, you're not
going to remember your passphrase. I still think there's a role for
private keys held by some authority (I realize that's not a popular word). I'd guess this would be addressed by a "secret sharer"/secsplit kind of
thing, where your parents hold a combination of keys that together can
represent your secret key until you're old enough to change it yourself. Still I'd worry about what kind of information was gathered about me in my
youth, and how that might be carried over into maturity.

@_date: 1995-11-05 11:00:35
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: 800_ape [FUQ Win95 List] 
This little P.S. attracted a lot of attention in private email. FYI, it's
now available at:
and in the newsgroups. It's short. Several points are of interest, if not
direct relevance. Point D.8., apparent bugs in handling of longints, if confirmed, could have beaucoup crypto relevance.
For the record, I hadn't noticed the acronym, but I like it. A lot.

@_date: 1995-11-07 14:19:28
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: DejaNews all over again 
I absitively agree. I have no quarrel with archiving and redistributing public information. I think it's great.
Might also help spread aewareness of the anonymity options available. It would be good to see if the dejanews folks would give the anon servers a plug. Anybody friendly with them?

@_date: 1995-11-10 07:01:44
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Exporting software doesn't mean exporting 
I believe ITAR is 22 USC $ 2278 and environs, which should be at
 I can't quote from it
right this second because there seems to be a routing problem inside
sprintlink (must be SAIC censoring us).
Books, I dunno.

@_date: 1995-11-13 09:30:05
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: hacker's dream [Win95] 
This article is basically true. I'm not sure what they mean be "creating a simple file on your local machine," though. Anybody?
Microsoft appears to have patched the SMB and C$ bugs, but in the US/English release only. Yusuf Mehdi sent me email Thursday promising that international patches would be available *within two weeks* --
there  was no explanation for the delay, and I can think of none.
This is discussed a bit in article <4814sh$i3g at Networking.Stanford.EDU>
and folowups, and a bunch of places on - -rich

@_date: 1995-11-13 16:44:42
@_author: Richard Charles Graves 
@_subject: MS Corrects Press Release on "Samba" Security Problem 
The Win95 product manager let me know yesterday that they'd corrected some
of the errors on their Web server. I'm sure Microsoft is planning to
publicize the changes in greater detail, so I'll just summarize them here. Load the original security bugfix news release at
gopher://quixote.stanford.edu/0R1271897-1279147-/win95netbugs side-by-side
with the corrected version now at
 to see the changes. Notable corrections are:
1. Microsoft has retracted the puzzling allegation that SMBCLIENT sends
"illegal commands" across the network. 2. Microsoft is now a bit more forthright in acknowledging that the problem applies to all language versions of Win95.
They didn't change the date, and they still say that Samba is shareware. And they still fail to give proper credit to the third parties that
actually found the problems for Microsoft. Oh well, can't have everything. Microsoft has also promised that localized (foreign-language) versions of
the "updated files that address the issue" will be made available within
two weeks. I still don't understand what the hold-up is, but a time frame is good.
In addition, Microsoft is reconsidering the position of the NE4100 and
certain NE2000- compatible PCMCIA cards like the EFA-207 on the hardware
compatibility list because, well, they aren't. Yusuf has given his imprimatur of Official Microsoft Response to the
discussion of the well-known IPX SAP routing and security issue saved at
gopher://quixote.stanford.edu/0R161799-178969-/win95netbugs. Previously
this had only been posted with the "speaking only for myself" disclaimer,.
Microsoft had acknowledged only the specific "server name conflict issue"
covered by PC Week, not the underlying general problem that has been
widely discussed on Usenet. Maybe we'll get a good article into the
Knowledge Base now. I'm still hoping they'll document the known and acknowledged ProviderPath problem with wsock32.dll.
Progress comes slowly.

@_date: 1995-11-13 20:37:05
@_author: Richard Charles Graves 
@_subject: MS Corrects Press Release on "Samba" Security Problem 
The Win95 product manager let me know yesterday that they'd corrected some
of the errors on their Web server. I'm sure Microsoft is planning to
publicize the changes in greater detail, so I'll just summarize them here. Load the original security bugfix news release at
gopher://quixote.stanford.edu/0R1271897-1279147-/win95netbugs side-by-side
with the corrected version now at
 to see the changes. Notable corrections are:
1. Microsoft has retracted the puzzling allegation that SMBCLIENT sends
"illegal commands" across the network. 2. Microsoft is now a bit more forthright in acknowledging that the problem applies to all language versions of Win95.
They didn't change the date, and they still say that Samba is shareware. And they still fail to give proper credit to the third parties that
actually found the problems for Microsoft. Oh well, can't have everything. Microsoft has also promised that localized (foreign-language) versions of
the "updated files that address the issue" will be made available within
two weeks. I still don't understand what the hold-up is, but a time frame is good.
In addition, Microsoft is reconsidering the position of the NE4100 and
certain NE2000- compatible PCMCIA cards like the EFA-207 on the hardware
compatibility list because, well, they aren't. Yusuf has given his imprimatur of Official Microsoft Response to the
discussion of the well-known IPX SAP routing and security issue saved at
gopher://quixote.stanford.edu/0R161799-178969-/win95netbugs. Previously
this had only been posted with the "speaking only for myself" disclaimer,.
Microsoft had acknowledged only the specific "server name conflict issue"
covered by PC Week, not the underlying general problem that has been
widely discussed on Usenet. Maybe we'll get a good article into the
Knowledge Base now. I'm still hoping they'll document the known and acknowledged ProviderPath problem with wsock32.dll.
Progress comes slowly.

@_date: 1995-11-14 20:58:51
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Password File Utility Wanted [Win95, ha ha] 
(A copy of this message has also been posted to the following newsgroups:
comp.os.ms-windows.win95.misc, alt.security,comp.security.misc)
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
In article <48888p$970 at news.infi.net>, lestat at richmond.infi.net
Such a thing could exist, because Win95 allows you to save passwords that
use different encryption methods. Microsoft would say "no, doesn't exist,"
however, because this is a major security flaw. I haven't seen such a
tool, though. Anybody?
What you should do is get a real encryption package like PGP (poke
around on  or  it's
free), use something that is long and complicated but that you will never
ever forget as your PGP passphrase, and encrypt a text file containing
all of your passwords with PGP. You can put other stuff like all your
credit card numbers in a PGP-encrypted file with reasonable safety too.
You (only) will be able to decrypt and read this file whenever you want.

@_date: 1995-11-15 06:09:44
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE: Curve Encrypt 2.2 
Sounds cool, but...
I already have PGP on my Macs. Why would I want this?
I suppose one use might be in a public lab, where a secret key and
identity would be inappropriate. Or maybe to encrypt your PGP keychains if
you leave them on a physically insecure hard drive (though you could use
PGP conventional encryption for that).

@_date: 1995-11-19 09:32:38
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Spammers' Email List Obtained!!! 
Using only the tools provided by the spammer, and without compromising
system security in any way, we have obtained the full list of email
addresses that were used by the bulkd at valleynet.net direct email spammer.
I am not going to tell the public how to get it because I do not want this
list to fall into the wrong hands. There are several curious features about the list that strongly suggest
that it was purchased from other spammers. I *strongly encourage* the
person who formerly used the bulkd at valleynet.net account to apologize to
news.admin.net-abuse.misc and provide us with the source of the list
immediately. - -rich
 llurch at networking.stanford.edu

@_date: 1995-11-20 20:54:17
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: "Junk E-Mail" 
I have been told that this is off-topic, but yes. And same conclusion here
that someone is passing around an old list. So far, most of the junk email
I've received is addressed to jabba at deathstar, an account I haven't used
for three years. Most of the other folks around here get junk mail
addressed to username at jessica or  when in fact we all moved to
 a year ago. I happen to have a little over 50K addresses used by the valleynet.net
spammer. I don't see your address on the list, but there are 86 other
clark.net addresses, and these: rjc at bayvax.decus.org
rjc at mhc.edu
rjc at netpoint.net
rjc at plaza.ds.adp.com
rjc at wells.haystack.edu
rjcd85a at prodigy.com
rjconn at freenet.calgary.ab.ca
rjcook at ns.cencom.net
rjcron at most.magec.com
rjcsys at cpcug.org
I propose a surgical strike mailbomb response -- forge unsubscribes and
complaints to postmaster from every one of these 50K addresses I have. I know they've been spammed before; they'd probably agree. To what addresses should I send these unsubscribes?
The list of spammed addresses is yours if you can verify who you are and
tell me what you're going to do with it. A malicious attack might be justifiable in extreme cases. For example, because of some really, really stupid Web and mail server design flaws, it would have trivial for me to have erased the entire hard drives of all of the machines at valleynet.net. But I figured picking up his password file and telling all of his customers what I thought of him would be almost as effective while retainng the moral high ground.

@_date: 1995-11-22 12:03:28
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Are there enough FBI agents to handle Digital Telephony????? 
Don't the numbers include all types of interceptions, both wiretaps and records of what number you call?
You also don't need to listen live. Recording media is cheap these days. Record all calls, put into a database keyed by time and number called, refer to it later.

@_date: 1995-11-30 05:29:43
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Code to brute-force PGP passphrase? 
I have an old, forgotten PGP key for which I would like to issue a
revocation certificate (or maybe I stole somebody else's with an identical
name; who could tell?). I can put the key on a Mac, PC, or UNIX machine
(various flavors). I think I have a pretty good idea what the middle of
the passphrase contains, so I'd guess there are only about 2,000
possibilities to be explored. Anybody have code for any platform for cracking this? Alternatively, I
could just give you the key and wait for the answer. - -rich

@_date: 1995-11-30 06:01:10
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: break microsoft!!! 
Be careful not to sound too gleeful, lest you play into the evil nasty hacker stereotype. Keep the focus on the fact that real encryption is both possible and highly desired; the bad guys are lazy programmers and the US Government.
I have sent a pointer to the sci.crypt article to the win95netbugs list, which currently has eight Microsoft employees and nine major computer magazines on it. I might mention it to Microsoft's "technical people" when they drop by next week to address our networking concerns.
The answer, for anyone desiring one, is to turn off Win95's "multiple user profiles" features, turn off "encrypted password caching," and advertise the fact that Win95 is a totally insecure single-user OS, and will continue to be so as long as it uses the 1970's-vintage FAT file system. If real security is not available, the goal should be to eliminate the false sense of security that encourages people to leave sensitive files out in the open.

@_date: 1995-12-01 14:04:23
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Netscape 2.0b2 allows for invasion of privacy (fwd) 
[As seen on the cypherpunks list]
I just confirmed this for Mozilla/2.0b3 (Win95; I). I also see an entry from the Mac version of 2.0b3. No need for anyone else to test it. Very nasty indeed. To what other variables might someone have access?
Scott is probably going to be responsible for a good bit of the traffic on the trans-pacific cables tomorrow :-)

@_date: 1995-10-04 16:57:57
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Serious Windows TCP/IP Security Hole 
I'm forwarding you a couple messages. I haven't run SAMBA myself, but people who have have been able to read files on my machine that aren't supposed to be shared.

@_date: 1995-10-04 16:58:40
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Serious Windows TCP/IP Security Hole (fwd) 
On Thu, 28 Sep 1995 18:31:07 -0800  Rich Graves We can do it your way or if you are physically located at Stanford,
you can schedule an appointment to come by NetManage. We are located
in Cupertino, right off 280 at DeAnza Blvd.
The choice is yours.

@_date: 1995-10-04 16:59:03
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Serious Windows TCP/IP Security Hole (fwd) 
Newgroups: comp.os.ms-windows.win95.misc,
    comp.os.ms-windows.networking.windows,
    comp.os.ms-windows.networking.tcp-ip
I can confirm that the complete(floppy) version of Windows 95 STILL has the ../ bug ;-( The ... bug has been fixed correctly returning the following message
chkpath: ERRDOS - ERRbadpath (Directory invalid.)
But cd ../ WILL put you in the root directory of the share
with the rights you had in the intial directory. Very bad...
I've had to share all my drives read-only until the problem gets fixed.

@_date: 1995-10-15 23:29:26
@_author: Richard Charles Graves 
@_subject: Forged cancels of posts critical of Microsoft, *apparently* through internetmci.com or nasa.gov 
These are the forged cancels for my articles critical of Microsoft. *Many
Thanks* to the person who forwarded them to me; our server expires control
way too fast.
Somebody did an acceptable forge on the Message-ID, but the Path is quite
wrong. Can anybody help me catch this fool? I'm somewhat out of my element
The most serious posts are available on the Web at
and on the gopher archive at gopher://quixote.stanford.edu/1m/win95netbugs.
- -rich graves
 networking systems
 stanford university
 llurch at networking.stanford.edu
[You always think of something after signing, don't you?]
Also emailed to postmaster at internetmci.com and  postmaster at news.msfc.nasa.gov. Was that right? Doesn't microsoft.com get its news feed from internetmci? OK, I'll Cc them, because I know they don't want anyone to believe that this was done by a Microsoft employee.
The cancel for , only,
is legitimate, and provides a very good comparison. I'm sure the forger studied it; so should we.
Path: rand.org!usc!howland.reston.ans.net!swrinde!elroy.jpl.nasa.gov!sdd.hp.com!
Newsgroups: comp.os.ms-windows.win95.misc,comp.infosystems.
Organization: Stanford University
Lines: 1
NNTP-Posting-Host: networking.stanford.edu
 was cancelled
 from within trn.
Path: rand.org!usc!howland.reston.ans.net!newsfeed.internetmci.com!news.msfc.nas
Newsgroups: comp.os.ms-windows.win95.misc,comp.infosystems.
Organization: Stanford University
Lines: 1
NNTP-Posting-Host: networking.stanford.edu
 was cancelled
 from within trn.
Path: rand.org!usc!howland.reston.ans.net!newsfeed.internetmci.com!news.msfc.nas
Newsgroups: control,comp.protocols.tcp-ip.ibmpc,comp.os.ms-windows.networking.tc
Organization: Stanford University, CA 94305, USA
Lines: 1
NNTP-Posting-Host: networking.stanford.edu
cancel Path: rand.org!usc!math.ohio-state.edu!uwm.edu!lll-winken.llnl.gov!fnnews.fnal.g
Newsgroups: comp.os.ms-windows.win95.misc,comp.os.ms-windows.win95.setup,comp.os
Organization: Stanford University
Lines: 1
NNTP-Posting-Host: networking.stanford.edu
<45nvip$ab6 at nntp.Stanford.EDU> was cancelled from within trn.

@_date: 1995-10-18 06:23:08
@_author: Richard Charles Graves 
@_subject: Microsoft: WFW & Win95 TCP/IP is insecure, and alleged serious computer crime 
Posted, emailed, and archived. I probably should have talked to a lawyer
first. Oh well. Followup-To poster (that means email) or spawn new threads.
The FAQ is at  It's getting dated; please download the new.txt link, in UNIX mbox format.
The quixote list archive server has been turned off for security reasons.
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
In article <461u88$luk at dingo.cc.uq.oz.au> in a few newsgroups, Lots of things are new, and very interesting, especially for Usenet readers, because the story involves forged cancels, apparently stolen passwords, and serious computer crime. I'm so glad you asked.
Unsurprising Fact: Microsoft has finally acknowledged and documented the
problem, and, without fanfare, released a patch for Windows for Workgroups
that claims to fix it. Fact: several people at Microsoft have been lying about the problem. In
early September, paulbal at microsoft.com assured a gathering of Stanford
computing support staff that the problem had been fixed in build 490, so I
looked no further into it. For a while.
Fact: On September 27, I reposted a July article from the SAMBA email list archive about the bug you know all about. I asked for confirmation on whether it had been fixed in the release version of Win95, and whether a fix was available for WFW.
Supposition: Early morning September 28, my kerberos password was
apparently hacked, and my .forward file was disabled on several UNIX
machines, preventing me from receiving some personal and work-related
email. I did not notice this problem until October 6 because I seldom log
on to the machines in question. Fact: On September 28, I received several replies to my post, several
saying that Microsoft had assured them that it had been fixed at some
specified (often specified different) build. I also received two replies
that the problem had *not* been fixed, and volunteering to reproduce the
problem for me. Fact: I posted the confirmation of the bug to win95netbugs at lists.stanford.edu.
Fact: The Windows for Workgroups security bug fix patch on Microsoft's FTP server is dated late night September 28.
Fact: On October 2, Paul_Krill at InfoWorld.Com phoned and emailed me
inquiring about the problem. He had also been assured by Microsoft sources
that the problem had been fixed. I forwarded several articles his way
indicating that it had not been fixed. I again searched the Microsoft
Knowledge Base for any mention of "SAMBA" or "SMBCLIENT" and found none. Fact: On October 4, received an email message from henrysa at microsoft.com
inquiring about the problem and offering to investigate for me the current
status of the problem. In reply, I sent him the three email messages that
are included at the bottom of this post. I have not received any sort of
reply from Henry. Fact/Supposition: October 2 (?), somebody made a directory on a Stanford
FTP server world-readable and world-writeable, uploaded several megabytes
of "warez," and advertised the site on hacker BBSes. Since many people had
access to this directory, there were no suspicions about who was
responsible. My kerberos password, which I now believe was stolen, would
have been sufficient to cause this problem. Fact: Late night/early morning October 14-15, in a routine browse of the
Microsoft Knowledge Base, I came across articles on the SMB security bugs,
which we all know about now. I posted them, with commentary rather less lurid than what you have seen from me since, when I was perturbed. Fact: The article was canceled. On this day 10/18/95, under penalty of
perjury, I swear that it was not canceled by me. My PGP signature should be legally binding.
Fact: I also Cc'd the article to \win95netbugs and myself via email. The email made it. NewsWatcher works such that separate Message-IDs are created for news and email, and someone reading the news post has no way of knowing whether the article was also emailed.
Supposition: the canceler did not know that NewsWatcher worked this way.
Fact: In the morning, I noticed the article was missing, but that earlier and later articles by me were there. I figured something must have gone wrong, so I reposted it.
Fact: From 12:10 to 5PM, I was with Kevin Morris at Sacred Heart school in
Atherton, building a local PhoneNET network. Obviously, I had no Internet
access. While I was there, my second post of the article was canceled.
Fact: Around 7PM, I noticed the second cancel, and a followup thereto from
a netcom account confirming that the article had been posted and
propagated, got really pissed off, and posted it a third time. I also
posted to news.admin.net-abuse.misc and our local news administration group. I also Cc'd several PC and networking magazines via email, and cross-posted to a .test group so that I would have verification of the propagation of the article in hand.
Fact: Today, as was the case 15 hours after it was posted, article
, to which there was
that netcom followup, is missing, presumed canceled, from the core
Stanford news servers nntp and csd-newshost. It is present on the
secondary news host morrow.stanford.edu, and on external sites. No one has been able to provide any explanation for this.
Supposition: the canceler either screwed up or canceled the cancel or,
more likely, forged a repost after seeing the netcom followup. For some
reason, however, the article did not make it back onto nntp or Fact: Later that night and in the morning, I received copies of the forged cancels of my messages as seen from nasa.gov, rand.org, and mcom.com. I posted them to news.admin.net-abuse.misc.
Supposition: an individual or group has gone great lengths, engaging in quite a bit of highly illegal and unethical behavior, in order to cover up security and networking bugs in Microsoft products. Opinion: they have failed. In a big, big way.
- -rich graves
 distributed computing and communication systems
 stanford university
 llurch at networking.stanford.edu
Unanswered letters to henrysa at microsoft.com:

@_date: 1995-10-20 15:22:31
@_author: Richard Charles Graves 
@_subject: Automatic File Wipe Utils for Win95? 
Prescript: No, I am not affiliated with any government agency in any way.
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
A government agency is looking for something to ensure that files copied
from a Windows 95 machine do not contain any data from unused space on the
hard drive. I'm curious too.
Perhaps a command.com hack that zeroes out any bits outside the actual
file? The problem is that existing utilities do not work because Win95
disables direct disk access to preserve VFAT. A delete utility is not
sufficient, because they are also worried about temporary files created by
Win95 programs. - -rich
 llurch at networking.stanford.edu

@_date: 1995-10-20 15:57:19
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Voicemail Security 
Please see article <46775j$2tg at news.eecs.nwu.edu> in news.admin.net-abuse.misc. It has also been cross-posted elsewhere.
I wonder how often Jeff checks his messages. It would be interesting, from
a purely academic perspective of course, to see if one could anonymously
drop off more information about Jeff and his clients at that number for
private distribution. For example, credit card, driver's license, and
social security numbers. I assume that Jeff is reading this group. How would Jeff go about protecting his voicemail box from this sort of
attack? How would *I* go about protecting *my* voicemail box from this kind of attack?  Whose list was also spammed, but only I got it because majordomo is set
 to bounce all messages from non-subscribers to the list owner. Btw, is
 this list set up this way?

@_date: 1995-10-22 21:42:41
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: WinNews Special Issue (fwd) 
What a fucking joke. The Samba development community told Microsoft about
this in *January*. Microsoft's fix for the same problem in Windows for
Workgroups is dated September 28. They must not have asked anybody, then.
 is not actually required.
Good for them.
Microsoft is also investigating a bug where you can map whole unshared
drives over IPX or SMB. Maybe they'll acknowledge the problem in February.
This is incorrect. The acknowledgement of the bug, which was pointed out
to Microsoft in January, was not available until October 12. I wonder what illegal commands they're talking about. All you have to do is "cd ..". The problem is that Microsoft assumed that anyone using SMB was mapping a drive on a WinTel box, and thus couldn't cd below root. They
provided no mechanism on the server end to ensure that this didn't The problem was not limited to SMB over TCP/IP; Samba was merely the only radily available software to (inadvertently) expose the problem.
What a novel security feature. I am so glad that Microsoft came up with this.
Yup, they won't install on other language versions. So they're still Specifically, Yes. Tell them about a huge, stoopid bug in January, and they will
acknowledge the bug in mid-October. In the meantime, they will directly lie to the press and users about it.

@_date: 1995-10-22 23:01:03
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Microsoft "Encrypted" Documents Hack FYI 
I would provide the hack itself, but I'm on a Mac that lacks a proper
Base64 handler at the moment. For people who only know how to use
Netscape, the URL is news:465l8h$6sa at oznet03.ozemail.com.au.
Organization: not very, at the moment
Lines: 366
References: NNTP-Posting-Host: slsyd3p02.ozemail.com.au
Mime-Version: 1.0
        boundary="-------------------------------297591414826100"
X-Mailer: Mozilla 1.22 (Windows; I; 16bit)
Further to word document password protection, the attached offer a simple way to recover text in such files with this "protection".
The source is included - at least one shwareare developer has taken up on this technique and releases a VB based version.
cheers, lyal
-rich graves, llurch at networking.stanford.edu
 moderator of the win95netbugs list
  My old PGP key has been compromised. Please finger this account
 for the revocation certificate and my new key.

@_date: 1995-10-24 14:21:57
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Pointer to article on ex parte search & sezure 
That's where somebody, e.g. Microsoft or the Church of Scientology, gets US Federal Marshals to seize your computer.
Article <46j4t6$6od at newsbf02.news.aol.com> in alt.religion.scientology is a good article by Adam S. Bauman of the Los Angeles Times. You might find it interesting, but not quite relevant enough to post the whole thing

@_date: 1995-10-25 21:50:22
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: E-mail Spy 
Intriguing story!
All I can say to this is DAMN! Pure Software offered me a job when they
were just a start-up, and I turned them down.

@_date: 1995-10-26 17:31:40
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Mandatory ID in California? 
The powers of the INS have been the subject of much litigation. I used to
study immigration law and policy, but that part of my brain has fallen
into disuse in the last five years. I could probably dig up some
references from old papers, though. I believe the INS has its own special
definitions of probable cause. Section 10 of Proposition 187, which was passed by the ever-so-enlightened
people of California last November, empowers the police to incarcerate
without charge anyone who can not produce the two forms of identification
required to prove legal residence. Fortunately, 187 is so Unconstitutional
on its face that multiple injunctions against the enforcement of every one
of provisions were ordered within 30 minutes of 187's receiving the
Governor's signature. Today, many jurisdictions in California prohibit state & local officials
from turning people over to the INS. It's not good for public health and
safety for the alleged illegal people to be afraid to call the cops, or a
doctor.

@_date: 1995-10-31 10:17:33
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Keyed-MD5, ITAR, and HTTP-NG 
"Me too," except the numbers are higher.
I would think that you would worry more about your users getting a false
sense of security from storing secret keys on a large multiuser system
than about being held liable for naughty PGP-encrypted traffic. I don't see how you could be held liable anyway. How is PGP that much different from allowing your users to set a password on their account? It makes it harder for root to invade their privacy, but in general, we have very stringent requirements that must be satisfied before we'll read user directories or mail.

@_date: 1996-04-02 19:22:45
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: (fwd) Russians Break RSA? 
This is true. I read about it in The Spotlight. Or was it libernet?
 Visit Propaganda on the Barbie!

@_date: 1996-04-04 23:14:09
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Fascinating troll with forged newgroups 
Looks like the Nazis forged newgroup messages for rec.fag-bashing,
rec.org.kkk, and 100 RFD'd groups in order to get their little messages
How entertaining. What a marvelous new form of net.vandalism they've
discovered. Or is this not new?
The clearly forged Date: header and the cover newsgroups are pretty
transparent, if you ask me.

@_date: 1996-04-05 13:09:15
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Fascinating troll with forged newgroups 
My apologies for intruding in CDApunks/Bilingualpunks/CableTVpunks/INSpunks.
He should.
My attempts to silence the Nazis? That's a new one.
So is the soc.culture.russian.moderated script freely available yet? I'd
like to use a stripped-down version thereof (controlling crossposts only)
for the talk.politics.natl-socialism that Milton Kleim and I proposed a
week ago.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-04-05 17:00:37
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: .sig followup 
There's no question about the thugs *arriving*. They're already here.
Fighting them is an internal political battle, not an external battle. Yes
they're clueless about the net, so in that sense you might see the
CDAmeisters as an "invasion," but I really don't buy this stuff about
Cyberspace (a word only Barlow can say with a straight face) being a new
"place." It's just a communications medium, no more and no less real than
anything else. I think it would be better to stress that the online *is*
real life. Your money and gigs of information about you is online. It can
be a force for freedom, or a force for totalitarianism. Right now, the
momentum is entirely in the wrong direction, both online and in "real

@_date: 1996-04-11 09:57:04
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: questions about bits and bytes 
Not that it really matters, but you're wrong; if you're talking about an
asynchronous data stream, a byte is however many bits it takes to express
one character. If you're using ASCII, it's 8; if you're using Baudot, it's
5. If you're talking about data in computers, then I think you're right, a
byte is always 8 bits.

@_date: 1996-04-12 07:22:58
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: liibulletin - Announcement of New Related Services (fwd) 
I have no joke. I just like saying, "barratry.law.cornell.edu." Oh, and
the full-text availability of recent net.relevant decisions (numero dos)
should be useful to somebody.
So how do I get to be the Unabomber's pen pal? Hmm, what jail was he in
again? I wonder if they'll accept packages for him with excessive postage.
 and now, back to bilingual 9-bit-punks
---------- Forwarded message ----------
The announcement:
                                             April 11, 1996
Two New Services from Cornell's Legal Information Institute
I. Landmark Supreme Court Decisions
 Cornell's Legal Information Institute is pleased to announce the
addition of important "new" decisions to its Supreme Court collection.
Under a license, recently concluded with InfoSynthesis, publishers of
the USSC+ CD-ROM, the LII will be placing a steadily growing number of
historic decisions on its WWW server.  The first of these historic
decisions are now in place, including: Brown v. Board of Education (I
and II), New York Times v. Sullivan, The "Pentagon Papers" case, and
Bakke.  These join an existing collection of important decisions dealing
with privacy, the First Amendment, administrative law, patents, and
 All decisions in this collection carry links to current U.S. Court of
Appeals decisions in which they are cited (using the LII's full-text
index of Court of Appeals decisions on the Net) and to other related
documents in the LII collection (e.g., statutes, topical summaries, the
 The "new" cases are accessible from the base address for Supreme Court
  or directly at
  Additions will follow on a regular basis.
II. LII's Eye on the Courts
 Joining the current awareness services already offered by Cornell's LII

@_date: 1996-04-12 08:38:14
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Know Your Net.Enemies Project 
Don't we already have a list of anti-crypto cypherpunks? That should
definitely be added. I'll write the FUCKING STATIST section.
Cool. In retrospect, I understand that much of what you've been saying in
the last couple months was intended ironically. At least you didn't say
something really over-the-top like "fuck you and your high horse too."
Someone might have taken offense.
I disagree. Anything that bundles together Canter & Siegel, the Family
Research Council, the Church of Scientology, and overzealous prosecutors
in Mannheim and Cincinatti is bound to be so all-encompassing and vague as
to be meaningless. It's like discussing "the Internet Party."
Be sure to talk about Usenet censorship at NIU, those censor-happy
homosexuals at Harvard, those Stanford speech code prosecutions, the
involvement of the Wiesenthal Center in the Zundelmatter, the theft of
conservative newspapers at Stanford and elsewhere, the censorship of, in
the News & Observer's words, an "unconventional view of the Holocaust" at
UMAss Amherst, the censorship of soc.history.war.world-war-ii, the elusive
Eric Carr, those violent threats against David Irving at Berkeley, the
coverup of the number of bits in a byte, and other urban legends.
Nonspecialist idealogues are dangerous. They tend to be sloppy with the
facts. Look at Noam Chomsky; he's an embarrassment to any serious
researcher on US interventionism in Latin America.

@_date: 1996-04-12 14:07:54
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Know Your Net.Enemies Project 
[Nothing I disagree with -- DAMN!]
Are you seriously trying to suggest that we're not? :-)
I concur. Lists of links sans unnecessary editorial commentary would be
useful; counter-propaganda is distasteful and counterproductive.
I hate to bring up those damn Nazis *yet again*, but hey, this is as an
example, not for their own sake. Compare the following approaches to "bad
Does not provide any links. Just says "look out, they're out there." IMO
ineffective, begging too many questions.
"Let's make the 'bad guys' look good by comparison!"
Lists of links with minimal editorial comments. Pretty good IMO.
Voluminous primary documents, with no editorial comments. Excellent.
Has the effect of glorifying the opposition. A very popular site among the
Nazis. Sheesh.

@_date: 1996-04-12 21:26:32
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Message not deliverable 
Sheesh, are y'all really that shy, or did y'all (like me) assume that
someone else was going to take care of it?
I sent direct mail describing the problem to the two dca.com addresses on
cypherpunks. One of the two messages bounced, and I forged an unsubscribe
for that address. I guess we'll see if the problems stop. Since nobody at
dca.com has responded to this for a couple days, and since their
postmaster is asleep at the wheel, I don't see how anyone can complain.

@_date: 1996-04-13 20:12:00
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Protocols at the Point of a Gun 
Hello? We're talking packets, not sessions. Trying to do this at the
network layer (or lower) is so monstrously wrong that it's not worth
talking about. It's impossible by design. In a properly designed system,
the application should have no way to tell the protocol stack to flip
special bits. What about encapsulation? Fragmentation? LAN emulation?
Although... if you're talking ATM PVCs rather than packets, I could
imagine adding minor/adult negotiation to the setup phase. But despite the
hype, I don't expect to see many people using raw ATM (not LAN
emulation/encapsulation) for a decade, if at all.
We're talking packets here, not sessions.
For this you use different TCP ports and out-of-band cryptographic
authentication, not extra fields in the packets.

@_date: 1996-04-13 22:57:27
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Email privacy policies at universities 
We don't really have one, because we respect privacy in general.  Kind of
a "congress shall make no law" approach. Skidmore seems to have a pretty
reasonable policy at If you know of others, please pass along for the discussion on the resnet
list,  The
subject line there reads "off topic" for that list, but I don't think it

@_date: 1996-04-15 17:38:35
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Enemies R Us [Political Rant] 
[I've done my best to make this somewhat relevant, and to ignore most of
the obvious trolls.]
On Sun, 14 Apr 1996 JonWienke at aol.com responded to an anonymous troll:
We don't. Not that the "volunteer snitches" are anywhere near as important
ans they think they are. Most LEO types will just blow them off, because
there isn't probable cause. Where the private orgs come into play is
*after* some wacko goes postal, and the government wants expert witnesses.
This raises some interesting questions about the power of private data
collection and data havens, though. There is something to be said for the
rule of law. At least the government is somewhat accountable, and will
always be "infiltrated" by professional bureaucrats who care about human
rights. Private organizations are more ideologically coherent and less
likely to open their affairs to public scrutiny.
The more I get into this, the more backwards this sounds. As a FUCKING
STATIST, I'm a lot more comfortable with certain racists than with
anti-government zealots of any political persuasion. This assumes, of
course, that the racists lack sufficient power to put their genocidal
ideas into practice.
"Undercover operatives" is much too maudlin. I went under my own name,
said hello to a few folks. Weaver is a fucking lunatic, but the skiing
was good.
This is news to me. What's your source for this?
50 years ago, American citizens of Japanese descent were just being let
out of "internment camps," and the State of Mississippi was keeping files
on 87,000 "political subversives" -- never mind the FBI. I'm not a big fan
of the bad, old days.
30 and 76 years ago, many parts were bombed. Berkeley. Ronald Reagan.
Sacco & Vanzetti. Eugene Debs. Attorney General A. Mitchell Palmer. Forget
everything you've ever been told about "right" and "left"; it's the same
people, really, fighting for the same things, mostly.
You're joking, right?
To learn what the Church of Scientology is really about, see
To learn what Watergate was really about, visit the Nixon Presidential
To learn what the IRA is really about, talk to Gerry Adams.
To learn what the Cuban Revolution is really about, talk to Castro or your
local "Pastors for Peace" propagandist.
No, the only way to learn about an organization is to JOIN IT. You should
see the mail I'm getting now.
Don't worry, Newt is working on it.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-04-17 16:20:08
@_author: Richard Charles Graves 
@_subject: [Non-Bell Yadda Yadda Yadda] Re: Money supply is fake anyway 
Those interested in this topic will be pleased to know that a solution is in
the works, in the form of Russell Gregory Thatcher's campaign for the US
Presidency.

@_date: 1996-04-17 21:10:42
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: That All.net loon... 
Think of this as an interesting experiment in reputation building, where
the bad guys won, and got a lot of business from the ignorant.
Remember Fred Cohen, the lunatic who had his telnet port booby-trapped to
fire off complaints to root and postmaster?
     I feel so sorry for Keith. He was trolled in a big way.
I also found this AMAZING BREAKTHROUGH in preventing IP spoofing very

@_date: 1996-04-18 06:17:56
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Clinton blathering about Internet terror 
To be fair, I don't see any blathering, just "expressions of concern." The
blathering quote comes from the SPLC, not Clinton.
Clinton, though, is pushing the unconstitutional "anti-terrorism"  bill,
which is all blather, and worse, he's letting the Republicans add an
unrelated rider that emasculates habeus corpus.

@_date: 1996-04-18 15:43:20
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: ILF, SAC chapter [was Yadda Yadda Re: Oklahoma City- One Year Later] 
On Wed, 17 Apr 1996 ssalgaller at CCGATE.HAC.COM spammed:
Wrong. Information longs to be FREE.
You don't need to pay money for right-wing paranoid rants anymore. You can
now get this title, and many other random wacko publications, for postal
and duplication costs only from the copyright terrorists of the Sub-Aryan
Corps, in loose cooperation with Not_By_Me_Not_My_Views Publishing. I
believe the referenced piece goes for $2.25. Send cleartext inquiries and
offers to The Hare . Please note that Hare cannot
accept messages larger than 32K.
For a partial listing of materials available from the SAC/NP, send $2 to
National Vanguard Books, PO Box 330, Hillsboro WV 24946. All materials in
the National Vanguard Catalog are immediately available from SAC/NP for
75% off the price quoted by National Vanguard Books. SAC/CP charges no
sales tax.
Discussion of possibly illegal activities should be sent PGP-encrypted to
Presidente Dante  ONLY. Dante's public key is
available on all the keyservers.
Coming attractions from the Sub-Aryan Corps:
* Audiocassettes from the latest private meetings of the Michigan Militia,
  National Alliance, and Knights of the KKK.
* Communication between Neo-Nazi leader Willis Carto and various front
  groups, such as the Institute for Historical Review and the Liberty
  Lobby.
* Detailed financial disclosure statements from Ernst Zundel, Willis
  Carto, William Pierce, Ingrid Rimland, the White Aryan Resistance,
  Milton Kleim, Don Black, "Reverend" Schoedel, and Samisdat Publishing.
- -rich
 no longer a member of the SAC, but a big fan

@_date: 1996-04-19 05:18:17
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Death Penalty for "take me of" messages? 
...which they disregard as unsolicited spam.
On my discussion lists, I put unsubscribe instructions in the message
X-Headers (which the clueless won't see, but which non-clueless targets
and their more clueful friends/administrators will); and on digests,
they're prepended.

@_date: 1996-04-19 06:01:37
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Clinton blathering about Internet 
[By the way, that ILF/SAC rant WAS a joke. It's disappointing how many
people were trolled, but on the other hand, it taught me something about
how I come across, and to be more careful.]
You have extrapolated this from a sentence fragment taken from an
off-the-cuff answer to a question from a Japanese reporter? Either you
have a subtle mind indeed, or you're blathering, too.
Remember that speech Clinton gave to the Association of Community Colleges
where he blamed the Oklahoma bombing on talk radio hosts and called for
censorship? Didn't happen. My friends in the NRA, and the occasional fund
raising letter (I've been a member of the NRA for years), keep bringing up
this speech for propaganda purposes, but it's much more a legend than a
This sounds like "fight speech you disagree with with more speech" to me.
I'd like to retract that "Republicans" bit. There are good Republicans and
bad Republicans, as with any other group of people. I meant "pro-death
penalty, anti-civil liberties wackos," of which there are a few in the
Republican Party, but which do not represent the rank & file or even the
balance of the GOP Congressional delegation.
Not on habeus corpus. To refresh your memory, I'm talking about the
amendment that seeks to curtail death-row appeals. Clinton has condemned
it as irrelevant to the "anti-terrorism" bill, but that it's a compromise
he can accept. He's wrong.

@_date: 1996-04-19 14:32:37
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Announce: new Microsoft CryptoAPI mailing list (fwd) 
You read it here first. Or is this not really new?
I'm approving three or four more MS announcements to
comp.os.ms-windows.announce now.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
CryptoAPI on listadmin at lists.msn.com
CryptoAPI is a mailing list (discussion list) for Microsoft
Cryptographic API (CryptoAPI), which provides services that enable
application developers to add cryptography to their Win32 applications.
For more information about CryptoAPI, see
You can subscribe to the regular mailing list or a digest version. To
subscribe, send e-mail to listAdmin at lists.msn.com with the following
text in the message body (not subject line):
    subscribe CryptoAPI your at email.address
    digest CryptoAPI your at email.address
where <your at mail.address is your actual e-mail address.
To unsubscribe, send e-mail to listAdmin at lists.msn.com with the
following text in the message body (not subject line):
    unsubscribe CryptoAPI your at email.address
To send a message to the subscribers of the list, send e-mail to
CryptoAPI at lists.msn.com.

@_date: 1996-04-19 16:42:08
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: DANGER! Baby-Food Bombs on the Internet! [was Re: (Fwd)] 
FUDded to cypherpunks:
[fascinating but probably out-of-context remarks from Biden, suggesting
that we should all don our tin-foil hats in fear of the FBI rabdar vans,
I cannot find the referenced remarks.  Assuming the selection is accurate,
it is abundantly clear that Binden continued speaking beyond where you so
ominously chose to cut him off. Could you give me a *specific* URL? Or a
way to get static page number URLs? I can only figure out how to search
 and get temp URLs.
I *did* read Biden's *highly entertaining* comments on the contentious
Internet Baby Food Bomb Issue, from the conference report mentioned by the
redoubtable Mr. Anonymous. Thanks so much for pointing me to this debate;
it almost makes still being in my office worthwile.
Does anyone know the documents that Senator Biden is quoting? I *must
know* how to build The Dreaded Baby-Food Bomb.
  **I AM NOT MAKING THIS UP. THIS IS YOUR UNITED STATES SENATE AT WORK.**
tell you, because Thomas and/or I suck:
Mr. BIDEN. Mr. President, I yield myself such time as I may use within the
limit of the time I have.
This provision is very straightforward and simple. It is beyond me why it
was taken out of the Senate version of the language that was sent to the
I have heard many colleagues stand up on the floor here and rail against
pornography on the Internet, and for good reason.  Even when we thought we
had corrected the language that Senator Exon introduced to comport with
the first amendment, I still hear in my State, and I hear of people
writing about how so and so is promoting pornography on the Internet
because they will not ban pornography on the Internet.
Yet, in the bill, we came along--all of us here--and the genesis of this
came from Senator Feinstein, when it was initially offered. The majority
leader, Senator Hatch, and I had some concerns with this, and we thought
the language to ban teaching people how to make bombs on the Internet or
engage in terrorist activities on the Internet might violate the first
amendment. Senators Dole, Hatch, and I worked to tighten the language and
came up with language that was tough and true to civil liberties. It was
accepted by unanimous consent.
We have all heard about the bone-chilling information making its way over
the Internet, about explicit instructions about how to detonate pipe bombs
and even, if you can believe it, baby food bombs. Senator Feinstein quoted
an Internet posting that detailed how to build and explode one of these
things, which concludes that `If the explosion don't get'em, the glass
will. If the glass don't get'em, the nails will.'
I would like to give you a couple of illustrations of the kinds of things
that come across the Internet. This is one I have in my hand which was
downloaded. It said, `Baby food bombs by War Master.' And this is actually
downloaded off the Internet. It says:
These simple, powerful bombs are not very well known, even though all of
the materials can be obtained by anyone (including minors). These things
are so--
I will delete a word because it is an obscenity.
powerful that they can destroy a CAR. The explosion can actually twist and
mangle the frame. They are extremely deadly and can very easily kill you
and blow the side of a house out if you mess up while building it. Here is
how they work.
This is on the Internet now. It says:
Go to Sports Authority or Herman's Sport Shop and buy shotgun shells. It
is by the hunting section. At the Sports Authority that I go to you can
actually buy shotgun shells without a parent or an adult. They don't keep
it behind the glass counter, or anything like that. It is $2.96 for 25
And then it says:
Now for the hard part. You must cut open the plastic housing of the bullet
to get to the sweet nectar that is the gun powder. The place where you can
cut is CRUCIAL. It means a difference between it blowing up in your face
or not.
Then there is a diagram, which is shown as to how to do that on the
Internet. Then it says:
You must not make the cut directly where the gun powder is, or it will
explode. You cut it where the pellets are.
And then it goes through this in detail. And then it gets to the end, and
it says:
Did I mention that this is also highly illegal? Unimportant stuff that is
cool to know.
And then it rates shotgun shells by two numbers, gauge, pellet size, and
goes into great detail. It is like building an erector set. It does it in

@_date: 1996-04-20 14:04:57
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Baby-Food Bombing and highly selective quoting 
Specifically, page S3455. But the quote is so out of context as to be
For an accurate record of Senator Biden's remarks, plus the full text of
the Baby-Food Bomb and Unabomber Wannabe documents, you want to follow the
*second* of the *two* TERRORISM PREVENTION ACT--CONFERENCE REPORT links
 I think the following is a permanent URL, but I'm sure you can't make hard
links any deeper:
 Also note that this speech concerns an amendment to S735 that FAILED.
I.e., the language for which the esteemed [snort] Mr. Biden is arguing IS
NOT IN THE BILL AS PASSED BY THE SENATE.
Mr. Biden's next sentence, which either Mr. Thompson or the anonymous
forwarder conveniently left out, is "But that is just not the way it
works." It should come as no surprise to anyone on the cypherpunks that
such things are technically possible. But do they happen? Does even our
friend Senator Joe "You Heard It Here First" Biden approve? Mr. Biden's
speech continues, also conveniently left out by Mr. Thompson and the
anonymous forwarder:
 That necessity requirement is meant to ensure that wiretapping is not the
 normal investigative technique, like physical surveillance or the use of
 informants. These are very serious protections, Mr. President. I believe
 that interposing a court between the prosecutor and the wiretap is a
 citizens' best protection.
 But even before we get to the judge who makes his decision, there is a
 very painstaking, stringent process within the Justice Department for
 determining when to seek a court authorization for a wiretap.
 First, the agent in the field, under the supervision of his or her
 supervisor, must write an affidavit, a sworn affidavit, that they must
 sign that sets out all the particular facts relating to probable  cause,
 because even if an order is granted based on the agent, if he is lying,
 then that information is gone even if the judge issued the wiretap
 order.
 This is painstaking. It is time consuming, as well it should be, for we
 want to make sure that wiretaps are used in only the most serious cases.
 We want to make sure that they are used only as a last resort when all
 other less intrusive techniques have failed, and we want to make sure
 that the Government is not making unwarranted intrusions into our
 privacy. But we also need to make sure that law enforcement has the
 tools, if they meet all these hurdles, to catch the bad guy.
 You cannot get a wiretap, even if you do all the things I just said,
 unless you turn to the Criminal Code, and you have all these crimes
 listed in the Criminal Code. OK. You may find a crime in one section, and
 then you have to turn to another section, section 251, of the Criminal
 Code entitled, `Authorization for Interception of Wire, Oral or
 Electronic Communications.' And then you have to find there in subsection
 (c) the list of offenses for which you can get a wiretap.  Not every
 crime is entitled to have a wiretap attached to it.
So there we are. The next speech is by Orrin Hatch, who doesn't really
address any of Biden's points, but that's OK, because I don't agree with
Oh yeah, and Biden read the full text of the "Attention All Unabomber
Wannabes" and "Babyfood Bombs" documents into the Congressional Record,
supposedly to underscore the point that those nasty Republicans are
endorsing such nasty nasty stuff. Sort of like Exon's little blue book.
So if you want to know how to build a baby-food bomb, simply write your

@_date: 1996-04-23 06:41:06
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Nazis on the Net 
I've been told that Crawford is a clueful science fiction writer.
I'm not interested in discussing this here, but I and others (including
some self-described Nazis) have posted responses to

@_date: 1996-04-23 16:30:36
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: NTFS Support for DOS/Win3.x,95 (fwd) 
This could be interesting, since some people considered the NTFS file
system for Linux to be news.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
We are releasing our first version of NTFSDOS, a DOS/Windows
NTFS disk recognizer, today at Andrew Schulman's web site:
In addition, the executable has been posted to:
Below is the README that accompanies the executable.
NTFS File System Redirector for DOS/Windows V0.9 (read-only)
Copyright (C) 1996 Mark Russinovich and Bryce Cogswell
NTFSDOS.EXE is a network file system redirecter for DOS/Windows
that is able to recognize and mount NTFS drives for transparent
access.  It makes NTFS drives appear virtually indistinguishable
from standard FAT drives, providing the ability to navigate, view
and execute programs on them from DOS or from Windows, including
from the Windows 3.1 File Manager and Windows 95 Explorer.
Here is sample output from an NTFSDOS session under DOS 7.0 (Windows 95):

@_date: 1996-04-23 17:03:53
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Nazis on the Net 
E. Allen Smith actually might have written:
Here's a URL for a *highly sympathetic* piece on Weaver that complains
that, "I will be happier when the press stops demonizing Weaver -- in
subtle and not so subtle ways -- in news stories and editorials. He is
referred to so consistently as "White Separatist Randall Weaver" that one
would be forgiven for assuming that his parents gave him the first name
"White,"  while "Separatist" was some old family name handed down from his
maternal aunt":
 Here are some *highly sympathetic* URLs that mention that Weaver was a
white separatist/Aryan Nations wacko:
A slightly more balanced piece from the New York Times:
 FWIW, the Anti-Defamation League, which I am *well aware* has said sily
things about militias and skinheads in the past, mentions Weaver in this
 I have also heard Weaver cited quite favorably on the Stormfront list,
which has repudiated Timothy McVeigh because his friend Terry Nichols has
a Filipino wife. This makes McVeigh a Race Traitor by association, of

@_date: 1996-04-24 13:12:07
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Rabbi Hier Testimony 
Why should they? They've already made up their minds.
Where? He says:
"We need to keep in mind that the obscene or threatening phone caller has
neither his privacy nor his speech protected when he threatens a member of
the community via phone - why are those protections afforded if he
launches the same attack via the Internet?" I think Rabbi Heir is aware of the legal definitions of "obscene" and
"threatening." Assuming we agree on those definitions, I agree with the
above language. For example, I've received quite a lot of anonymous email
and phone calls that are threatening by the colloquial definition, but
which do not meet the legal definition of threatening or obscene attacks. I am personally interested in tracking these folks down, but I know better
than to try to make it a legal issue, and if I do succeed in tracking them
down, all that will be used against them is speech. On the other hand, if someone makes a clear and specific bomb threat
through an anonymous remailer, then I would hope that attempts would be
made to track him down. I would also hope that tracking him down would be
extremely difficult and resource-intensive, and that the remailer
operators would not actively help the trackers, because I strongly support
the anonymity option when it is used nonviolently -- even and especially
by people with whom I disagree. I feel I can have a much better
conversation with an enemy if he knows that his talking to me doesn't make
it easier for me to put a gun to his head. Openness is good.
In such cases, I usually find it helpful to ask. Bcc'd to a couple of
affiliates in the hopes that they'll clarify. I seriously doubt that they
have any clue what Government Access to Keys means, though. My take is that Rabbie Hier is around the center of the SWC leadership.
Rabbi Cooper is more likely to support censorship; Eaton is much less;
Mark Weitzman is also in the center (of the SWC, not of the mainstream
Jewish/anti-"revisionist" community, which is very supportive of free
speech). On January 29th, the SF Chronicle (and probably other papers)
carried this piece from Weitzman:
 In light of the fact that Michael Loomis's Zundelmirror continues to make
the charge that the Simon Wiesenthal Center was in favor of censoring
Zundel, a charge that not even Zundel has made, it's worth highlighting
 "The recent decision made by the German government to block certain
 providers was made without any participation by the Center. We have never
 requested either the German government or Deutsche Telekom to take such
 drastic steps. To assume that we have the power to control the German
 government is to renew the myth of International Jewry pulling the
 strings of various governments. The reality is that the German
 government, as a legally constituted government of a recognized
 democracy, has every right to create its own laws. As long as those laws,
 and their method of adoption, fall into the generally accepted range
 associated with democracies, then any attempt by foreigners to alter
 those laws is an intrusion and smacks of cultural imperialism.... To
 disagree with the German government (as the Center does on the arbitrary
 nature of the actions by Deutsche Telekom and Compuserve - we believe
 that laws should be applied only to those breaking the law, not to entire
 systems) and to inform the German government of such disagreement, as we
 have done, is quite different from attempts to break the law by aiding
 Nazi propagandists under the banner of free speech." Of course, I disagree. I think it's vitally important to help Nazi
propagandists under the banner of free speech. As long as that's what
you're doing.

@_date: 1996-04-24 14:37:54
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Militias, reputation capital, unfounded rumor-mongering, and the DNS 
Anatomy of a paranoid troll:
Someone sent a message to Declan alleging that the FBI, with the
cooperation of ISPs, was reading/disrupting/censoring the email of people
interested in "patriot"  movements. Declan said hmm, I can see the FBI
doing that, and forwarded the message to fight-censorship. I pointed out
that the story was complete bullshit, which is easily verified (yvv.com's
incompetence in managing their DNS affects all users, including
postmaster at yvv.com, not just the paranoid), but evidently my reputation
capital on the moderated fight-censorship list is so low that instead of
my objections, subscribers to the fight-censorship list got to read
another, more paranoid rant. I do not expect this story to die, even though it's completely false --
it's too good. The meme in the subject line is awfully strong, lots of
people won't take the time to read more than the title, and who really
listens to a FUCKING STATIST anyway. Truth is indeed stranger than fiction, but seldom in the way you think.

@_date: 1996-04-24 14:41:45
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: GIV_way 
I agree with this completely. I'm sure that I disagree with said US
prosecutor on the criminalization of sexual entrepreneurship (tm), though,
so our agreement is meaningless.

@_date: 1996-04-24 16:03:51
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Rabbi Hier Testimony 
The majority of what you said in that message was misleading at best, but
I haven't said anything because that's off topic, and who listens to a
FUCKING STATIST anyway. I know you don't have time to correct any
acknowledged errors on you web pages, so why should I waste my time
pointing them out?
Since we all agree that the SWC is in the wrong, we need something to talk
about. Let's just agree up front that the size of your dick is
proportional to the fervor of your denunciation of the Simon Wiesenthal
Center, facts notwithstanding. So far, I believe Tim wins because he
called them "Jew Nazis," but keep working at it. Maybe if you're lucky,
you'll earn the George Orwell Free Speech Award:  Sure, why not. It's probably true that they'll try. Being a bunch of
idealogues, I don't imagine that they'll realize, as Sameer points out,
that *they* are considered an anti-government group. Morris Dees is certainly not the only person to speak of this influence.
Try Terry Nichols and McVeigh's sister.
Said book being The Turner Diaries, which, like the Goebbels book that
your web page says is "banned," is being published without censorship. It
tells the story of The Order, a white supremacist group that overthrows
the US government through random acts of terror and violence against
political, cultural, and economic targets. There happens to have been a
real terrorist organization that called itself The Order, led by a bunch
of National Alliance members. You may have heard of Bob Mathews.  Now The
Order has resurfaced in Spokane Valley; some bombings and bank robberies
went down in early April, to some applause on the Neo-Nazi lists. The Turner Diaries has always been available through the National Alliance
Neo-Nazi criminal organization, whose leader wrote it.  If you want to
read this book, I will personally send you a copy of the National Alliance
edition. The Turner Diaries is now going to be published by the more mainstream
Barricade Books as well. Good for them. I really don't like the idea of
sending the National Alliance any more money.
There was a flurry of controversy about the new edition, to which the
publisher, Lyle Stewart, responded in, of all places, Liz Smith's widely
syndicated "Grapevine" column, thusly:   "I couldn't help recall a similar controversy that raged when a major
American publishing house issued Adolf Hitler's 'Mein Kampf.' Should such
a book be published? To me the answer was self-evident. Of course, it
should have been. People should be able to read and understand what
Hitler was about.
  "By the same reasoning, I believe most people think militias and related
groups like the Freemen are fun-loving, beer-drinking gun fanatics who
like to shoot rabbits and deer. Not so. They hate democracy. They hate our
government and all officials who represent it. They practice racism and
terrorism. Is this something that only the Drug Enforcement Agency and the
FBI and CIA should know, or do you have a right to know and understand it,
So yes, Morris Dees is a fool, and so are you.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-04-24 17:06:24
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Nazis on the Net 
Interesting. Thanks for explaining your terms. I disagree with everything
you're saying. :-)
I consider "racist" to be an ideological label, not an insult at all
(though personally, I find them sick and wrong). There's a lot of people
out there who proudly call themselves racists, at least in private. Many
of them I can have a civilized discussion with. For me, liar is a stronger
I think it's good to keep the FBI informed, in general terms only. Keeps
the FBI from wigging out, you know. Self-conscious "infiltrators" and
especially "provocateurs" I would consider to be liars, but someone who
merely keeps the lines of communication open is a friend of mine. Who has defended the government's lies and shoot-at-sight rules of
engagement at Ruby Ridge? Please be specific. I think you're talking about
some straw man you read about in an NRA or militia pamplet.

@_date: 1996-04-24 21:33:28
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: The Iron Mountain Report 
The author of the Iron Mountain Report was interviewed on PBS a few weeks
ago. It was a really over-the-top parody published in 1967.
A quick AltaVista search turns up several references to the Iron Mountain
thing being a hoax, and at least two militia-type conspiracy wacko pages
insisting that it's true.
Every once in a while, I get mail asking whether I really have contacts in
Sendero Luminoso, since a bit of satire I wrote was quoted in the Web
Review (which made no attempt to contact me before printing the satire as
my position). Truth is far more fragile than fiction.

@_date: 1996-04-24 21:42:06
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [Yadda Yadda :-)] Re: Rabbi Hier Testimony 
No, I refused to reply to your obvious troll the first time, or to the
various Nazi tracts that have been posted anonymously recently. You had to
repeat the off-topic smears twice before I decided to humor you. All presenting one point of view, stated less strongly than your link
text. There have been all sorts of opposing points of view, letters to the
editor, clarifications, and retractions since then. If you want to know what I think, look it up in DejaNews. This was all
covered in early February.
As I told you on February 9th, I am win-announce at metrics.com.

@_date: 1996-04-24 21:56:12
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [Yadda Yadda :-)] Re: Militias, reputation capital, unfounded , rumor-mongering, and the DNS 
I could read your answer three ways. Which is it?
1. I'm right, and you're making light of our public disagreement. Cool. As
   I keep telling you, I'm 95% behind 95% of what you're doing, and I hate
   to disagree publicly.
2. I'm right, but you don't care, because the propaganda advantage of
   leaving the idea of the FBI's snooping private email is good for the
   cause. Not cool -- you really don't strike me as a propagandist.
3. You're trying to say that I'm wrong, or you're saying, "I know you are,
   but what am I?" Inconclusive.

@_date: 1996-04-24 22:49:05
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Mindshare and Java 
[Tim, didn't you once tell me that long opera were bad?]
I agree that the major innovation, and cypherpunk opportunity, of Java is
in its cross-platform nature, not its vaunted ability to run untrusted
code safely. I'm sorry, I'm just not interested in running untrusted code. Give me digitally signed code that I can trust, or for which the author can at least be held accountable, and I'll be happy. As cool as many of the people on the Java team are, though, I am dubious
that Java is going to live up to the hype. It is still not clear to me
that Microsoft is going to support it seriously in their browser, which by
mid-1997 will be so tightly integrated with the lowest-common-denominator
operating system that there will be no room for Netscape.
NT scares me, too. Even major universities with huge investments in UNIX,
kerberos, and AFS are flirting with NT. I believe they're fucking nuts,
but they're doing it. I think it's prudent to hold your nose and accept that Visual Basic is
here to stay. Microsoft isn't going to let Java fulfill its promises.
If you're talking *mind*share, it's all Java. All the best minds are
working on it. But if you're talking *market* share, like what people
spend money on, and get money for, it's VB.
I'm not saying that Microsoft is going to take over the world. We're going
to have a balkanized computing world for some time. But Microsoft can and
will prevent Java from subverting their share of the world.
Has Microsoft even licensed Java, or are they still at the vague December
7th "letter of intent" stage? You know that the early press reports that
Microsoft had licensed Java were wrong, didn't you? You know that the
Internet Explorer 3.0 beta supports VB and not Java, don't you?
[Gee, was that *Tim* complaining about a proponderance of off-topic posts? I wholly agree, so I've been *trying* to ignore all the trolls. I invite
people to alt.revisionism and other appropriate forums for the Nazi stuff.
Unfortunately, alt.censorship is a Grubor cesspool, and the
fight-censorship list is subject to content-based moderation. But I

@_date: 1996-04-25 00:17:50
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [DETWEILING?] Re: The Iron Mountain Report 
On second thought, this is so *obviously* a troll that it *must* be
intended to be obvious. Of course there are a lot of really stooooopid
Nazis out there, but this last round is too much. Did you see the one
about Smart Cards being the Mark of the Beast? Follow the URL that message
gave -- it's even loonier than it looks. Only nobody at replay.com knows...
1. Some anti-Nazi (such as Tallpaul -- note this is *not* an accusation!)
   trying to make the Nazis look bad.
2. Some really, really stupid Nazi who doesn't realize that he looks bad
   (if you don't believe sich people exist, look up just about any Usenet    post from Les Griswold or A HUBER).
3. Some Detweiler tentacle/clone trolling just for kicks.
4. Declan, trying to troll me.
5. Me, trying to troll Declan, or myself.
In any case, the person doing it is an asshole, and there is little call
for substantive replies. Don't feed the animals.

@_date: 1996-04-25 00:24:03
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: arbiter/escrow agent for hire 
So are there any arbiters out there who would deal in non-digital cash? Or
someone who would launder US$ to Ecash for a smalle fee? I'd like to
arbitrate a few minor disagreements with my 95% friend Declan. Clearly,
neither private email nor restrained public flames have worked for three
(I don't have TIME for this shit...)

@_date: 1996-04-25 12:54:15
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Mindshare and Java 
Yes, I had the misfortune to post that skeptical bit at precisely the same
moment that the public press releases were proving me wrong :-(
My source at the PDC indicated that Microsoft was still pushing Visual
Basic, but I'll accept that there's been a change... Still, integrating Java and Internet browsing into the OS does not bode
well for Netscape.

@_date: 1996-04-25 14:45:26
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE] The Iron Mountain Report 
That's funny; maybe I'll check it out in my spare time. Yeah, right.
The scary thing is, there are people who actually BELIEVE that shit. Or,
from the "other side," Clancy's rants, or The Turner Diaries, or Marx's
poor algebra in Das Kapital. You shouldn't base your life on fiction.
I'd guess that there are no more than 5,000 serious Nazis left in the
whole world who actually favor totalitarianism and genocide. It's quite
obvious who they are. They're not a threat, but it's probably good to
harry them, because otherwise, they might become a threat. (The 5K
estimate does *not* include other totalitarian/genocidal movements, and
I'm not interested in debating parallels. When I say "Nazi," which is
pretty rare, I mean "Nazi," someone who has read and agrees with the
"Nation and Race" chapter of Mein Kampf.)
Disinformation is stronger than a lot of people think. Or maybe I'm just
saying that :-)
My academic work involved Latin American revolutionary movements. I have
some idea.
Never thought of it that way, but I believe that's the crux of the

@_date: 1996-04-25 14:56:11
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Hack MSN anyone? 
Thanks; that's what I thought.
Never believe anything you're told by tech support. It was pretty clear to
me that the poor undereducated sod had the words "compression" and
"encryption" confused. NTLM isn't perfect, but it's difficult enough to be
secure enough for MSN. You're not doing anything IMPORTANT on MSN, are
you? Due to Win95's open memory model, there's probably some system call that a
virus/trojan can use to ask politely for the username and password; in
fact, isn't it the same API that has already been demonstrated? But if you
let such a beast on your machine, all bets are off anyway.

@_date: 1996-04-25 17:00:40
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Mindshare and Java 
It doesn't have to, reek I mean. By "held accountable" I mean by me, the
user, not the coercive power of the FUCKING STATE.
For me, the digital signatures would not be the imprimatur of "good, safe
code." The digital signature would mean, "Rich Graves accepts blame for this code." Or "This code is an official (or whatever
the unofficial official unofficial word would be) part of the GNU
project." Or "The Black Unicorn nym says 'Two Thumbs Up.'" Or "This is an
accurate copy of the code discussed on comp.windows.emulators.wine." In my fantasy world, signatures would be verified by the web of trust, not
the FUCKING STATE or FUCKING MICROSOFT. I guess "trusted" isn't the right word, thanks. I don't "trust" anything
that comes from Microsoft to be bug-free. I do expect it to be free from
exogenous viruses and trojans, though, so that the bugs would be
reproducible, and have a chance of being fixed.
In my fantasy world, I'm not asking you to verify signatures every time
you run something. Maybe you can tune how often you want stuff checked, so
you have a tradeoff between security and performance.
Sort of like COPS or Tripwire, but transparent to the user.

@_date: 1996-04-25 17:09:50
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: US law - World Law - Secret Banking 
Yeah, that's sweet. I'm concerned that it might paint too glowing a
picture of Japanese civil liberties, though.
NOTE: -LOlsen (I'm speaking beyond my experience)
It was my impression that the Japanese response to the Aum Shinrikyo
terrorist gassing was more draconian and one-sided than the US response to
the Oklahoma City bombing. For all the doomsday talk, you must acknowledge
that the "anti-terrorism" bill was stalled for a full year by an odd
coalition of right-wing and civil-liberties groups. I have not heard about
such political discussions in Japan. The police seemed to have carte
blanche to ban the cult, seize its assets, and investigate and/or arrest
anyone associated with it. If I'm misinformed, please enlighten me.
It's certainly true that internationalization usually means openness,
which usually means privacy and freedom.

@_date: 1996-04-27 00:17:25
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [fight-censorship] Guardian Angels v. anonymous remailers 
Interesting and well-written piece. Followups, if any, will be at
I assume that Declan is just observing how Safesurf operates. My view is
that these private "decency" registries are a healthy part of the free
market. Of course the "Angels" are a bunch of hypocrites, but the part
about rating sites I support. Let the prudes censor themselves; it's a
free net.  If anyone tries to sabotage Safesurf by rating things the
"wrong" way, then they're an asshole. (I am *not* accusing Declan of
advocating this, because he isn't -- it's just something that crossed my
mind. Tempting, but highly counterproductive.)
APPEAL FOR VOLUNTEERS
Hi again everyone.  I have a project that requires 20 volunteers.  Read on!
Most of you I hope are familiar with Safesurf - if not go visit them at
Safesurf are not a commercial software company but are a kidsafe
organization who are very involved in the ratings issue for kids and adult
material on the Net.  Safesurf are also our allies, and it is thanks to
them that we have our website at all as it was a donation from Ray and
Wendy at Safesurf.
Safesurf have a very positive approach to the screening debate - they have
developed a rating system whereby instead of spending time rating adult
sites you focus instead on rating the kids sites.  Then your screening
software only allows you to visit sites with the Safesurf rating on it.
This is an excellent concept, not least because it doesn't then matter if
new sites come onto the web that are not rated yet, because nothing can be
included in your screened browser unless it registers itself as kidsafe by
marking its site with a safesurf rating mark.  Don't worry about my
ramblings - just go to their site and read up on it.  It's a really
positive concept and has been adopted by a lot of sites already.  Adopting
the Safesurf mark is voluntary and means that you are identifying your site
as suitable for e.g. kids.
Now here comes the appeal.  Several thousand sites have already marked
themselves as Safesurf rated - and more are registering every day.
The question is - what is to stop a site registering as a kidsafe site, but
in reality being an adult site?  The Safesurf rating method is that sites
can obtain the rating from the Safesurf site and then write in and register
themselves.  Isn't it possible that a site could claim to be kidsafe but in
reality was adult?
The answer is yes.  So how can Safesurf be sure that sites registered with
them are indeed genuinely kidsafe?  Simple - someone has to go and check
out all the sites who register with Safesurf.
Ray had a proposal for me.  How about if we could say that all these sites
were "Rated by Safesurf, and patrolled by CyberAngels"?  I thought that was
a great idea - for we CyberAngels to help Safesurf in this way, by checking
their sites for them.
Ray is proposing to send me 200 sites a week to check out and we will share
them out to a CyberAngels team of 20 volunteers - that means that each one
of us would volunteer to check out 10 sites per week.  Easy right?
I want to make something very clear - Safesurf are not a rich commercial
company making money from rating sites.  They are not selling software and
their rating code is free to anyone who wants it.  So it's not like they
can hire 20 people and pay them to patrol the Safesurf Intranet - it's a
volunteer job.
So there you are - I am looking for 20 CyberAngel volunteers to make up a
regular Safesurf "Intranet" Patrol, with the mission to visit 10 URLs a
week and make sure that they are what they say they are.  Who's ready?
Once I have the team established I will then brief you all on how we do
this.  Write to me as soon as possible if this interests you.  Let's show
Safesurf how much we support their positive stand for our InterNet kids!  I
will take the first 20 volunteers who contact me (yes you will be suitably
honored - publicly if you so choose!)

@_date: 1996-04-27 00:43:52
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: US law - World Law - Secret Banking 
That might be one view, but not mine. I think people who evade income
taxes are bad -- they're stealing from the rest of society. But I believe
that the growth of cryptoanarchy means that people who make far more money
than we do can evade taxes with ever greater ease. The current system puts
honest people at a disadvantage, which is never a good thing. The
technical and economic analyses presented here are neither good or bad --
they're true or false. I tend to believe that they are more true than
false. My semi-conclusion is that in a knowledge and services society like ours,
a fair share of income tax cannot be collected from the very rich without
imposing totalitarian controls; therefore, government needs to be more
entrepreneurial, cut costs, divide labor, and raise revenue through
somewhate harder-to-evade sales, real estate, and inheritance taxes. Such
a system would probably be more regressive in theory, but not too
different in practice -- and it would be honest. Globalization and network-based freedom further weaken the sovereign,
geographically defined, vertically integrated nation-state. I don't
necessarily see this as a bad thing. I agree with the crypto-anarchist
analysis that the status quo is untenable, but I haven't made up my mind
where we should go.
My academic background is in Latin America. I've known a lot of
governments that really suck, and a lot of revolutions that are even
In what way has the War on Drugs derailed tax evasion? Please elaborate. On the contrary, I think it has demonstrated the ineffectiveness of
attempts to control tax evasion and smuggling. Thank you for providing this rare insight into how you think. I haven't
heard from you in three months; I was starting to wonder. Please drop by
and have a beer some time.
- -rich
 FUCKING STATIST and HOLOCAUST FETISHIST

@_date: 1996-04-27 12:30:16
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Fair Taxiation, credentials, guvmint interference 
That's not what he wrote. He meant fair TAXIation. Michael is criticizing
arbitrary government regulations on transportation systems. See part four
of Hernando de Soto's _The Other Path_ and other publications from
Instituto Libertad y Democracia (Lima, Peru). The original Spanish version
is more complete, with a statistical appendix, but the US paperback
edition, ISBN 0-06-091640-0, hits all the main points.
The issue of taxis that lack government license has also been raised in
New York City and San Franciso in recent years. Might also be in Gabriel
Zaid's La Economia presidencial, but it's been a while since I read that,
and I don't own a copy.
Cypherpunk relevance? In theory at least, the "medallions" that identify
legal taxis are a form of Chaum's credentials without identity.
Loomis is in your "cypherpunks-people-to-read-file" because of the
ZundeLooMirror. He's a good guy, if a bit abrasive. Unfortunately, I found
out too late that the best way to get him to do something stupid and
wrong is to tell him that it's stupid and wrong. That makes you an enemy,
and not worth listening to.
By the way, I think I know what you mean, but someone unfamiliar with
cypherpunks or you might read this indication that you have a "people to
read" file, and don't care to read people you disagree with, the wrong
way. You're liable to be called a FUCKING CLOSED-MINDED CENSOR NAZI.

@_date: 1996-04-27 16:42:01
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Nazis on the Net 
I'm glad *somebody* realized that. I believe there have been at least a
half dozen messages Cc'd to nobody in the last couple days. [everything of "substance" deleted]
Based on other discussions we've had, I believe I've sent Nobody the FAQ
for the alpha.c2.org remailer. Another, minimum alternative would be to
post anonymous messages with a PGP signature. This would at least answer
the questions of whether the Mr. Nobody that posted the Iron Mountain
hoax is the same Mr. Nobody who spews about Dresden. If Nobody needs help getting an alpha.c2.org account to work, and he
doesn't trust anybody here, then I recommend whitewolf at alpha.c2.org, an
avowed National Socialist who 1) will not betray Nobody's trust and 2) is
not subject to surveilance, because all messages to him will arrive
PGP-encrypted, to be read offline.
Another Nazi who seems to know a lot about how alpha.c2.org works, because
he traced my friend Erin's nym back with a traffic-analysis spam, is
ralphj at eskimo.com. I would recommend "Dave Harmon," but he had his netcom
account yanked because he kept forging cancels for my and others' Usenet
posts, among other things I can't talk about. I believe the same person
can be reached through the penet.fi pseudonym "Skipper's Hammer," though. Hope this helps. At least with a stable nym, we'd be able to flame you for
off-topic posts.

@_date: 1996-04-27 18:00:42
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Nazis on the Net 
Who says he doesn't have one?
This is the most un-PC place you can get. He's just trolling.
For all you wonderful open-minded folks who have made up your mind about
me, please see  for an ACCURATE
perspective on my character and views that should surprise just about
everybody who has trolled here. Please note that ajg has already received dozens of comments, has already
turned in the paper, and is very busy on another. She knows about a few
typos and technical errors, and she knows that she misquoted me once.

@_date: 1996-04-28 13:47:08
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: www.WhoWhere.com selling access to my employer's passwd file 
This doesn't necessarily help if you work or study at a large institution
(stanford.edu, for example). It depends on what you want to keep private. If I want to moonlight or carry on a political discussion, I can use
untraceable nyms, but if someone wants to know where Rich Graves works,
then there is no way for me to stop them from finding out. That's not a
problem for me, obviously, but I've got 30,000 other people to worry
What whowhere.com did (whoswhere was a typo, yes -- it was late, and I was
rather pissed off) was grab the password file some time ago. We know that
they grabbed the password file because they have misspellings, odd
capitalizations, and daemon/group IDs that appear *only* in the password
file.  We know exactly when they did it, because the password file is
built sequentially. They have everything up to line 26,667, and nothing
after that line. We know exactly when account 26,668 was opened.
Search for "SITN Account" at organization "stanford.edu". These are
kerberos IDs that have never had email addresses. They have never existed
outside the password file.
They also have password files from a few other large educational and
commercial organizations. It is not clear that they broke the law getting
our password file, but in at least two other cases, it is.
The threat profile is this. We've got grad students and visiting lecturers
from repressive countries, or good-guy countries threatened by terrorists.
We've got some really famous people who don't want to be stalked.  These
people have unlisted phone numbers, unlisted email addresses, unlisted
physical addresses, and if you call the registrar for a transcript, the
registrar will neither confirm nor deny that Stanford has ever heard of
such a person. If you finger  these people will never show
up, no matter how you formulate the query. They're simply not in any
directory database.
If you grep one of the files that whowhere.com OBVIOUSLY used to build its
database, some of these people do show up. If you then finger that address
specifically, you might get the last login time and location, which might
tell you exactly where they live and work on campus. You can then send a
package with excessive postage, or something like that.
Never mind women (or men) being stalked by sticky-fingered psychopaths.
One person's paranoia is another person's reality.
In a way, I suppose we're "asking for it," because anyone with a
reasonable level of technical knowledge would know that the password file
the whowhere.com guys took is vulnerable, but the users who are now in a
public directory without their knowledge or consent were NOT asking for
it. Since the fact that they're at Stanford is one of the things some of
them might want to keep secret, there is no satisfactory compromise short
of removing all names and addresses collected in such unethical ways.
whowhere.com is in Mountain View; its principals live in Palo Alto, a
ten-minute bike ride from campus. If some (former) Stanford affiliate
helped them out, they're in trouble. If some (former) Stanford affiliate
didn't help them out, then they're in a lot more trouble.
They also have an entry for me as "Dick Graves - CDA Investigator." I
believe I used this in the From: line of two posts to su.* newsgroups that
do not propagate beyond nntp.stanford.edu. The presence of this address
means that they were building their database on Stanford computers, which
is a big, big no-no.

@_date: 1996-04-28 14:09:07
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Mindshare and Java 
I explained/retracted/fudged this in a later message.
Some of the things a valid signature from Jack the Ripper means: 1. If it breaks something, I can send Jack the Ripper a bug report, or
   a flame, as appropriate.
2. If I like it, I can send Jack the Ripper money or other form of good
   vibes.
3. If I am Jack the Ripper, I have a way of proving that the code is my
   intellectual property.
4. If I'm not Jack the Ripper, I can say "That wasn't me."
5. If I am GNU, I can advertise and "enforce" my copyleft policy.
6. I have a way of knowing if Alice or Bob stuck a virus or trojan into
   Jack's code.
"Trust" really isn't the right word for what I'm getting at. Microsoft's
digital signature initiative is basically FUD with the spin "Only stuff
signed or endorsed by Microsoft is going to work," but I don't think that
this spin is inherent in signed code initiatives generally.
I think it would be a waste of time to build a multitiered security model
where applets with certain classes of signatures would be allowed to do
more. But signatures are still useful in a flat security model.
I think this is already all being done for Java, though, so never mind,
probably. I was just responding in a generally applicable way.

@_date: 1996-04-28 14:20:54
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: www.WhoWhere.com selling access to my employer's passwd file 
They did that too. They got recursive whois and finger sweeps dated
mid-1993 (we catch people doing whois aaaa*, aaab*, and so on every once
in a while), a Usenet-wide sweep dated early 1994, a sweep of local,
firewalled su.* newsgroups last December/January 95/96, and an outright
theft of the master shadow password file for most stanford.edu accounts
(address, real name, and UID only, no group ID or encrypted password) in
January 1996.
I'm sure they bought the first two from some other source.
As much as I'm tempted to call these jokers at home early tomorrow
morning, I know that a slow roasting by lawyers and the newsmedia is
likely to be more effective.

@_date: 1996-04-28 16:58:59
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Cell Kill 2 
"Dr. Denning? Is that you? Always a pleasure to take your call. Yes, I
think location-based authentication is a grand idea."

@_date: 1996-04-28 17:43:27
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Mindshare and Java 
Er, yes, I see I misspoke again. (Speaking well outside my areas of
technical expertise tends towards the manifestation of such gaffes, so I'd
be perfectly happy just to shut up if y'all would stop asking me direct
questions.) To the extent I have any clue what I mean myself, my position is that the
privileges accorded to a particular bit of untrusted code should not be
derived automatically from the signature on said code.

@_date: 1996-04-28 18:19:04
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: www.WhoWhere.com selling access to my employer's passwd file 
I disagree that it's "hardly difficult" for most normal people. There are
bits and pieces of helpful information around, but they tend to be in
tax-protester-type rags that also contain a lot of loony stuff guaranteed
to land you in jail. And many of them are just snake oil scams themselves.
You know the difference, but I'm only starting to learn to, and Joe Schmo
hasn't a chance.
Anyway, I can't work for an organization like Stanford University without
a real name and Social Security number. In theory, I suppose, that real
name and Social Security number don't need to be the only ones I have.
In this case, I am the "someone else." How do I behave responsibly when I
have thousands of people coming in every Fall with no clue about privacy
I have to go after the leaks. Of course I know that none of my clients has
any real security or privacy, but stopping such information from being
trivially available on public web servers at least helps stave off the
random nutcase. Restricting the field to more specific nutcases, with or
without official titles, helps with the threat profile.
It was an uphill battle just to delink identity, location, and DNS
registration. It used to be that you could pinpoint a student's name,
address, and telephone number by their personal computer's static IP
address. They weren't even told that this was possible. On yesterday's
lovey-dovey research/educational Internet where everybody trusted
everybody else, it was just more efficient for troubleshooters and system
administrators to know where everybody was. Now, it's a scarier world, and
we all know that, but it's tough convincing people to change a system that
works. My personal choice has been (near-) complete openness, because I
ironically feel more secure if it is trivial for certain very specific
nutcases to verify that I pose no threat to them. I do not wish my enemies
to be paranoid. Paranoid people break things. I've chosen the security of
the high ground rather than the secuurity of the cave. Of course, I'm
learning to keep my personal life personal, and one day, I might find it
useful to disappear.

@_date: 1996-04-28 18:54:40
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Mindshare and Java 
This is cypherpunks, and you think you need to apologize for being rude?
You're right, of course. I was basing the above on a marketing paper on
the December TechNet CD. Since then, the people who do the real work
appear to have developed a reasonable system. Who, me, biased against Microsoft? Absolutely. Just keep that in mind.

@_date: 1996-04-28 19:06:13
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Anybody know anything about this? 
Looks like lawyerese from the conference report reconciling the house and
senate versions of the bill to me. I only speak english, Spanish, HTML,
and perl, but given more information, I might try. Please give a better
citation of the source next time so that we ("we") have a chance in hell
of investigating further. It appears to be an elucidation of legal ways for the guvmint to refuse to
release information on pending investigations of enumerated terrorist and
organized crime groups, of course. What parts of it are more or less
injurious to civil liberties than current law, I don't know. Get the full
text, the references, and a lawyer. All you're likely to get here is
I usually trust and agree with EPIC, CDT, EFF, and the ACLU -- if they
have stated a position. I know they generally opposed the whole enchilada
of S.735 (which was "The Anti-Terrorism Bill"), but I don't know about
these provisions.
The Congressional Record is at The US Code is at I don't know where to get the CFR online; anybody?

@_date: 1996-04-28 21:19:25
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: code vs cypher 
No, it simply means he thinks that Bell is a loon. I thought that for a
while, too, but now I think he's simply politically immature, and into
novelty acts. I am also pleased to see Bell seem to learn and mature over
the last few months, as I know I have. Nobody is irredeemable. I have
never killfiled anyone, though I've ignored people from time to time as a
way of controllin gmy blood pressure.
Detweiler was right when he talked about the thin skins and huge egos
here. Why cry "censor" when somebody simply tells you to shut up? It's
called social pressure, and it's a good thing. You may respond to social
pressure however you wish. Likewise "PC." He may correct me if I'm wrong, but I think you are
mistaken in your implication that hochiminh means to imply that TC May is
a racist. "Ignorance and intolerance" are different animals entirely, and
speaking on a purely analytical rather than moral level, I believe these
terms are accurately applied to Tim's statements, especially about
non-English speakers and nuking the Japs.  But I recognize Tim's good
humor (in all three meanings), and think he's a great guy, as are most of
the inmates in this particular asylum. My parents and a couple of friends at work are right-wing fundamentalist
loons, and a couple of friends from school are left-wing multiculturalist
loons. From this vantage point, I learn a lot. It's really funny comparing
the presentation of left-wingers in right-wing propaganda to the
presentation of right-wingers in left-wing propaganda. It seems that
cypherpunks gets the worst extremes of both. Sometimes I play along (too
often, probably, so I'm learning how to resist being trolled -- Michael
Loomis's laughable "Rich Graves, Holocaust fetishist" was a good test),
sometimes I just sit back and watch.
You will see none of these terms anywhere but in failed trial balloons and
parodies of the supposedly politically correct, of course. It's really
amazing how a myth can take on a life of its own. The left has the same kind of ludicrous misconceptions about the religious
right. I'll tell my parents some of the things my leftist friends have
been told about some of the organizations my parents belong to, and they
say, huh? Tell a feminist what Pat Robertson says about feminists, and she
says, huh?
I once met a guy in Hollister who did.
I still resent being packed off to church, and I certainly oppose state-
sponsored school prayer; but anyone who goes out of their way to ridicule
someone else's beliefs, or who intentionally disrupts someone else's
worship, is an asshole, IMHO.
I would agree with this wholeheartedly if you turned down the volume about
80%. I hardly think it takes that much courage to disagree with PC
excesses, especially the ones that don't exist, like this "vertically
challenged" bullshit. It certainly doesn't take much courage on the
cypherpunks list.
Admitting that you pray -- now, that takes courage, well, in polite
circles in California it does.
I'm all for that. Anyone for a little croquet?

@_date: 1996-04-28 23:09:29
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: www.WhoWhere.com selling access to my employer's passwd file 
I should have done some more research first before going off and whining.
It seems that at least two Stanford graduate students, one in business and
one in engineering, are involved with the project. I guess they thought,
"Look, the Yahoo guys just got millions of bucks. Let's do the same
thing." They will be receiving an excellent education in "knowing your target
audience" and "good design." Also "intellectual property," "public
relations," and a few other subjects.

@_date: 1996-04-29 00:26:43
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [WhoWhere?] 
Please unplug your server from the Internet immediately, and do not plug
it back in until all database entries based on other than publicly
available information have been scrubbed. Please refer any Stanford
affiliates involved with your project to the thread concerning your
activities in the su.computers newsgroup.
Thank you. Have a nice day.

@_date: 1996-04-29 08:45:45
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Proving that you're not a nym [was Re: Mindshare and Java] 
Yes, of course there's the caveat "without demonstrating who they are."
I am stupid, but not THAT stupid.
Though on second thought... you can, through the web of trust. If a
mutually trusted signator who has signed keys for both A and B solemnly
swears that they are different people, then that should be sufficent proof
for me. I am under no illusion that PGP signatures are exclusive as to
identity, but if a mutually trusted signator made such a statement in
addition to signing the keys, I would accept it.
In this specific case, no, there is nothing you can do to prove that
you're not the Unicorn of Color, because there are no signatures on his or
her key.
In addition, in some sense, the different nyms of one person ARE different
people. They can certainly have different reputations. A signature from
0xCCE7B49D, rich at c2.org, means something different than a signature from
0x189D1595, win-request at metrics.com, the moderator of
comp.os.ms-windows.announce, which at the moment is me.
If I get code signed by "Bill Gates, speaking for Microsoft," I may treat
it differently than code signed by "Bill Gates, not speaking for his

@_date: 1996-04-29 14:59:12
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Mindshare and Java 
[True statements deleted]
Hmm. Very interesting point. You would need to make the signature
technology at least tamper-evident by embedding it "somehow," and
recursing infinitely. Yup, sounds pretty impossible, so I'm sure
somebody's going to come up with an answer. Maybe the one-time signature,
or signatures authenticated by location.
Answered elsewhere. Trusted third party swears you're different. Also,
signatures from different nyms are useful even if the identity
relationship among nyms are known.  Compare the nym "Tom Weinstein,
Cypherpunk" with "Tom Weinstein, speaking for Netscape" and "Tom
Weinstein, can't talk during the IPO." OK, you probably can't. This is a special case of

@_date: 1996-04-29 15:00:12
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Proving that you're not a nym [was Re: Mindshare and Java] 
All right, all right. We surrender!
Call this a problem with the web of reputation capital, I guess. You can
be led to believe all sorts of silly things when someone you trust makes a
mistake.

@_date: 1996-04-29 15:59:36
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: PGP and pseudonyms 
Just use multiple secring.pgp files, and toggle PGPPATH. What's the
problem? I guess that wouldn't be so convenient on the Mac version, I guess, but
you could write an AppleScript to swap file/folder names.

@_date: 1996-04-29 19:34:56
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: code vs cypher 
Er... thanks, but no thanks. This presumes that James's characterization
of my positions on other issues is correct, and I do not believe that it
Astute readers may remember that I "became" a FUCKING STATIST because I
objected to Jim Bell's idea that no government employee deserved any
privacy in his or her personal life. I adopted the epithet because I
thought it was funny. I do not recall defending any statist policies. I did not defend the
[censored], and indeed to defend the [censored] would not have been
egregious statism, or indeed any kind of statism at all, because we were
talking about private pressure on private ISPs. I am well aware that the
[censored] has favored arbitrary statist controls in other countries and
circumstances, but I do not recall ever discussing those policies of the
[censored] with anyone here.
In fact, most [censored], [censored], and [censored], and all regular
posters to alt.revisionism save one, have criticized the [censored] rather
roundly, and supported free speech for [censored].
I am not [censored], and I do not support the [censored]. I do not believe
I have ever defended any policy of the [censored]. I have merely
endeavored that in their zeal to demonstrate opposition to the policies of
the [censored], some more activist folks such as [censored], [censored],
and [censored] have strayed a bit too far into the deep end by criticizing
positions that the [censored] does not, in fact, hold.
My position on most such issues is yes, the walls are closing in, but the
sky is not falling. I'd rather look on the bright side sometimes, and I
will never accept untruths, especially from friends.

@_date: 1996-04-29 23:53:33
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: ANNOUNCING The WhoWhere? Hack Stanford Contest! 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE ON CYPHERPUNKS
                A Publicly Available Announcement
Hey folks! A challenge. Using only legal and ethical means that would not
embarrass you at your IPO, and using only publicly available sources on
the Internet, please describe in detail how you found: 1. Where and when "siockman at leland.stanford.EDU (Larry Schwimmer)"
   appeared in a publicly available source. NOTE: this is not Larry's
   real email address.
2. Where and when "sitn0001 at leland.stanford.EDU (SITN Account 0001)"
   appeared in a publicly available source.
3. Robert Tharp's kerberos principal  Note: this nym
   has no email address or home directory, just a kerberos principal.
4. The current names and email addresses of all whowhere.com and
   parsecweb.com affiliates.
Employees of whowhere.com and their families are not eligible for prizes. Current and former affiliates of Stanford University are not eligible for
prizes, whether you use Stanford computers for the solution or not. You
must be able to demonstrate your solution from a private ISP such as
whowhere.com or netcom.com; solutions requiring other than publicly
available access to any major university's computer system will be
disqualified. To be eligible for prizes, I request that the source NOT be
made publicly available until I have had a chance to make it unavailable. A consolation prize may be awarded to the first person who identifies
whowhere.com's answers for challenges 1 and 2. This may not be the same
answer as was given above. Void where prohibited by law. Your mileage may vary. Trix are for kids.
I apologize for assuming that your message was written in standard
english, using the normal and customary (and publicly available) meanings
of words such as, "WhoWhere? is an effort by a team from Stanford GSB and
engineering school," and for assuming that the use of the Stanford name on
a number of publicly available web pages indicated an active Stanford
affiliation. In retrospect, I recognize that these were typographical
errors, just like the four glaring HTML bugs and handful of security holes
we've found so far (which are now publicly available information). Please take care to avoid such misunderstandings in the future by
refraining from introducing yourselves in these ways, especially where
such claims are likely to become publicly available information. No, some of it is clearly not. Or if we do have such a serious security
breach, then Stanford is violating Federal laws concerning the privacy of
student records, and I would very much like to fix the problem, because I
do not wish to go to prison. As I asked you and your technical droid
before, please let me know how you obtained the "SITN Account" entries
without delay. If your selection of publicly available information
repositories is not considered publicly available information, then I
would be happy to sign a nondisclosure agreement. The fact that I have
signed such a nondisclosure agreement would, of course, become publicly
available information. Please identify the publicly available source that associates the name
Larry Schwimmer with the email address siockman at leland.Stanford.EDU. We
believe that this association only happened once, where it would not have
become publicly available information.
I have every hope that we will be able to settle this to our mutual
satisfaction privately. It sucks for everyone when disagreements such as
this become publicly available information.
Oh, there are some other problems with your site and its management, but
I'm sure you'll be able to find those problems, because they have been
posted as publicly available information. .signature publicly available

@_date: 1996-04-30 12:57:06
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: code vs cypher 
I quite agree, as I said in the part of the message that James snipped. I'm learning a lot lurking on coderpunks. I'm also learning a lot on
alt.revisionism and talk.politics.libertarian. I'm glad we have all of
those.

@_date: 1996-04-30 13:22:07
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: unsuscrived :-| 
If you want my views on that all.net loon, Microsoft, institutional
privacy issues, digital cash, java, whowhere.com, offshore data havens,
and so on, please Cc me.
For other topics, I read coderpunks, c2-interest, cypherpunks-announce,
resnet-forum, fight-censorship (though I can't post under my own name),
comp.org.eff.talk, news.groups, talk.politics.crypto,
comp.os.ms-windows.networking.win95, and alt.fan.ernst-zundel.

@_date: 1996-04-30 14:37:55
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [Pointer] fight-censorship-discuss 
"Have you no decency, sir?"
info fight-censorship-discuss

@_date: 1996-08-02 06:52:29
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Jewell is the Militia Bomber!!!! 
Anyone who thinks I can say "conspiracy against fat people who read gun
magazines" with a straight face, raise your hand. Sheesh.
But there was a serious point in there, as there was in Tim's joke.

@_date: 1996-08-02 20:34:13
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Viet Nam Considered Less Harmful than Cambodia 
I once gave an account on my workstation to a Jesuit priest who was later
assassinated in El Salvador, but it was mostly for access to a few things,
not really "on the net." Does that count?

@_date: 1996-08-03 14:03:48
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: AP story: Police look for Olympic bombing Internet link. 
"By CHARLES J. HANLEY, AP Special Correspondent"
You know, someone ought to put dossiers on these morons in a library
somewhere.

@_date: 1996-08-05 06:41:36
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: The Hazards of Reading Naughty Newsgroups at Work 
"Where do you want to go today?"
I couldn't help thinking of the poor technical schmucks whose job it was
to spy on their co-workers.

@_date: 1996-08-10 11:12:00
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Fun with M$ 
I love it!
I'll add it to the win95netbugs FAQ tomorrow.

@_date: 1996-08-20 08:31:49
@_author: Richard Charles Graves 
@_subject: Netscape-US for foreign students at Stanford, elsewhere? 
The US version of Netscape 3.0 has been installed in /usr/pubsw for all
supported platforms, including Linux. /usr/pubsw can be mounted anonymously
via AFS. Is this true at other major universities? Is anyone interested in
prosecuting us? Nobody has ever complained about the PGP binary's being
available for years.
 speaking only for his evil twin skippy

@_date: 1996-08-20 11:53:17
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: "Utilization Review" 
Or even better: don't get sick.
What alternative social orders can you envision that would handle this
problem elegantly? I can't think of any off the top of my head. Medical savings plans do not work for anyone but the extremely rich and
healthy, because few normal people can self-insure to cover the risk. With
pooled risk, the prospective customer has the right to know the risks
already in the pool before diving in. Contracts based on infinite
uncertaintly tend not to work.
There's also the little matter of letting your doctor know your medical
history. That data needs to be stored somewhere in clear text (as respects
my lack of involvement in the release, that is). If I'm unconscious, I can't
tell them my passphrase.

@_date: 1996-08-20 12:10:51
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: search engine improvement 
[good ideas about distributed ratings systems]
It probably will. But people like being degenerates.
Another interesting issue for privacy is setting the granularity of the
information. If you know that only a few people have visited site A, and
you tell the distributing service that you like site A, then the rating
service has the potential to become a way to track people (to a certain
margin of error). Were I running such a service, I wouldn't hand out
information until enough static had accumulated to provide anonymity.

@_date: 1996-08-21 18:11:44
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE]CIA Contra Crack and LA Gangs (fwd) 
Oh, I don't think it's impossible or even unlikely that at least some of the
groups lumped together as "contras" were involved in drug smuggling, and I
think it's reasonable to have different views regarding how much money was
involved and who knew what when (my view is very little, and medium). What I
object to are conspiracy theories along the lines of: 1. The Reagan Administration used the Contras to smuggle crack to the US in
   a deliberate attempt at genocide against Black people. (I heard this a
   lot, though seldom in so many words, on KPFK in the mid-80's; the SJ Merc
   series certainly has this as a subtext.)
2. Clinton was a CIA agent involved in the Contra drug-smuggling CaBaL. He
   was involved in anti-war protests only as a CIA informant. (This is the
   suggestion of the Morris book.)
3. Anything involving the Kennedy assassination, Donna Rice, or Elvis.
4. Anything where vague unsupported asserions are thrown out, followed by
   a Hmmmmm (sorry).

@_date: 1996-08-25 02:40:08
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Weird "Suppression" messages 
After Klemensrud settled the Scientology suit, they were emboldened to show
the flag at Netscape.
It is no coincidence that Tom Cruise used Netscape in Mission: Impossible.
Be afraid. Be very afraid.
(It's also possible that there's a mail routing flap at Netscape, but I
would not discount the Scientology angle. Every conspiracy theory contains
a grain of truth, after all.)

@_date: 1996-08-25 07:12:59
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Weird "Suppression" messages 
For your global killfile:
 /mcom\.list\./ in a Received: header.

@_date: 1996-08-29 10:39:02
@_author: Richard Charles Graves 
@_subject: There is no Agent Toby Tyler at the FBI [UK Observer Story] 
...two different sources, both of whom are anonymous because they work for
competing newspapers, tell me.
Could someone else with contacts/time to kill/attributability please confirm
Kinda puts a dent in the whole story, don't you think.

@_date: 1996-12-13 13:23:00
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: From Houghton-Mifflin MIS regarding the ongoing self-mailbombing 
A lesson in stupidity.
- -rich
[Forwards from impeccable intermediate sources snipped; if you REALLY need
to confirm, mail me.]

@_date: 1996-12-16 16:00:12
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Army Cryptanalysis manual online 
[Not copied to coderpunks]
Only took me 5 minutes.
But then, both Stanford and HLC are BARRNet customers. The bottleneck, as
usual, seems to be the Bay Area NAP. Too damn many Internet users around here.
I don't think setting up file service here would make any difference.

@_date: 1996-12-17 15:36:28
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Microsoft IE may not work without censorship files 
Thought you'd find this amusing.
Some names may have been changed to protect the innocent.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-12-17 19:57:02
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Microsoft IE may not work without censorship files 
True, but my point was stronger.
The program *will not work* if there have been even inadvertent changes
to the self-censorship files. This person emailed me because he couldn't
get it to work after an unrelated change.
This sort of contradicts Microsoft's claims that they don't require
ratings because they're turned off by default. If the file can't fix
itself, I'd say that's not "default."
This person wasn't trying to get around ratings. It was his personal
machine, which up and broke because of the censorship bits.
Sorry, I didn't get the context across. Read it again alongside this:

@_date: 1996-02-02 05:43:39
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Comision del EC contra el racismo en la red (Re: CRAX Mix Rax) 
Dude, while these subject lines are very quaint, given the level of
traffic, I would really appreciate more descriptive subject headings. You
may use any official UN language that can be written in 8-bit characters. I knew Euro-Disneyland was going to catch on some time.
Geez, so that wasn't a joke.
OK, then maybe it is a joke.
Prevent? How about "Band-Aid?"
Recall that in many cases, Band-Aids actually promote infection by providing a dark, humid place for growth.
Um, OK. So force these people above ground, and they will need to restrict their activities to political discussions.
Read: a bunch of stupid thugs who don't want to be seen in daylight.
What's the matter? Their mothers didn't like them or something? Just try holding a debate with a person with a handle like that. The audience would just crack up.

@_date: 1996-02-02 08:08:35
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Copyright fight against unauthorized racist "Zundelsite" mirrors (was Re: INTERNET FREE SPEECH WEB SITE !) (fwd) 
Please take down the "build your own Zundelsite" files immediately,
because it appears that they are being used improperly. Surely you do not want to violate Mr. Zundel's copyright.
I am pleased to hear that you do not agree with Mr. Bunkley's use of your You should pursue legal action against Mr. Bunkley for copyright
infringement. I think an injunction and a seizure of assets might be in
order. I'm serious. Think about it.
Please let us know which of the mirror sites linked by Declan are authorized. I know mine and Declan's were, and I assume that you approve of the partial IHR mirror.
Because so many unblocked mirror sites currently exist, I have restricted access to my mirror to stanford.edu and a few other places.
A limited number of closely controlled mirrors is certainly in your
interest, because then it wold be much easier for you to update them. For
example, your lack of control leads to the perception that well after
Nizkor responded to your call for open debate, you have still not
acknowledged their response. You look like a bunch of liars claiming that Nizkor won't answer you. Surely this is not what you want.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-02-02 09:11:42
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: CONFIRMED: German Universities' ISP lifts webcom.com filter 
My mirror has now been disabled, because it is completely unnecessary.
If you have no idea what this is about, see:
 ---------- Forwarded message ----------
Some minutes ago:

@_date: 1996-02-02 10:45:45
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Tim's paranoid rant about Declan appearing on "Europe's Most Wanted" 
This does not accurately represent what I said, and it certainly does not represent what I have done. You are still identified as "My friend Declan," and I recommend that people visit your site.
I actually would have appreciated it if you had crowed, or at least shared, your media contacts. For example, I only just now found out about Steve Pizzo's poorly researched article in Web Review, where he presents as my views deliberate lies that I told Zundel in order to get his cooperation and trust.
This does not accurately reflect your mail. At this time, you have not
removed my full name, either. You will find that Haggai had been Cc'd on several messages back and forth
on fight-censorship, and he was Bcc'd on my original request (at the
header of my message to you was a notice that it was being Bcc'd to other
people at Stanford).  While I don't appreciate his mommying me, I hardly
consider his mail unsolicited or unwarranted, since you have still failed
to honor my request. The "speech code" was never applied to anyone, and was widely regarded to be unenforceable. I opposed it. It was a joke, yes.
What were we talking about again?
Then you, kadie, and I agree. I have a point. Why do you persist in identifying, in two places, a Stanford University Mirror Site?
I strongly disagree.
Which has more symbolic power for good, a single man standing in front of
a tank in Tiananmen Square, or nuking Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
It is not ethical to abuse this power we have. Especially because neither of us are students at the universities whose machines we are abusing.
I do understand the way the media works. They live on "press releases" from "recognized authorities." Most Since my mirror site has been limited to .edu and selected other domains for a full day, this is an odd question. The demonstrable harm, as you now agree, is that the Ottawa Times,  the Stormfront-L neo-nazi list, and so on are full of lies about how universities sympathetic to Zundel's fight against Zionist oppression and the Holocaust Lie have jumped to his No distributors. Only point sources. And as has been pointed out, they often get off with a slap on the wrist.
You have been duped by Zundel's false claims of persecution. I bet you even bought the "Dr. Axl Clocstein" story for a while.
1. As I've been saying for the last day and a half, please remove all occurrences of the strings "Stanford" and "Graves." I hardly think that requesting not to be so identified is egotistical.
2. While you're at it, it would be good to remove the following as well, which does not accurately reflect the facts.
 In early January, Zundel contacted the Simon Wiesenthal Center and asked
 permission to reproduce some of their materials. He wanted to disprove
 some of their views as he had tried to rebut those of the Nizkor Project.
 (The Nizkor folks earlier had requested bidirectional linking. Zundel
 agreed to their request, heralding the experiment as "The Great Internet
 Holocaust Debate.")
Nizkor's response to this is rather prominent on their Web site.
3. Please fix this:
 January 29, 1996: This site goes online, with the help of files supplied
 by Rich (rich at c2.org), supplemented with more recent documents taken
 directly from the Zundelsite. Rich's site at Stanford University goes
 online. (Note that Rich and I mirrored the Zundelsite at our own
 initiative, not by request.)
To bolster Zundel's coyright claim against the National Alliance, please
clarify that "we" specifically requested the materials from Zundel, and
that his handler Marc uploaded them all to "one of our machines" (since we
could not have run a WebWacker on the highly overloaded webcom.com). Also remove the string "Stanford." In any case, the files are no longer available at Stanford.
4. February 1, 1996: Web Review Magazine reports on the mirror sites.
I have sent mail to Steve Pizzo and requested that he call me to correct some false statements attributed to me.
5. February 1, 1996, afternoon: UMass censors mirror. Simon Wiesenthal
   Center sends letters of protest to participating mirror universities.
   Sameer announces University of California at Berkeley mirror. Every one of these is false.
a. The operator of the UMass mirror objects to your characterization of    what happened as "censorship," and to your posting his private mail.
b. Where is your confirmation of Simon Wiesenthal's action?
c. Sameer has not announced a UC Berkeley mirror. He specifically asked    that it not be listed because like most of us, he is beginning to have
   ethical qualms. 6. On index.html you have:
 There is an apparent campaign of email and web bombing being launched
 againt Zundel's site on Webcom, making it near-impossible to reach. Do you have a source for this besides me? Well, I retract the rumor. In
fact it seems that the problem is that Zundel foolishly put a bunch of
huge RealAudio files on his page that are overloading the server.
I guess this is supposed to be something clever about how the vanguard is
supposed to discard their personal interests for the common good. I am a member of no vanguard.

@_date: 1996-02-03 04:28:36
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Anti-Nazi Authentication [Was: Tim's paranoid rant about Declan...] 
Certainly a lot more polite than I am...
What's wrong with a prominent PGP-signed notice in 's that "This
page, at URL [whatever], has a separate PGP signature at [other URL]." I've did that with the windows networking FAQ a few times until it just got to be too much trouble.

@_date: 1996-02-03 05:27:07
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Anti-Nazi Authentication [Was: Tim's paranoid rant about Declan...] 
For the paranoid, it would be an added assurance that they are reading the
original file at the original location. Otherwise, anybody could copy the
Web page, modify it, and give it someone else's PGP signature. But yeah, it would look awfully silly, especially to the non-PGP-aware
public. An unobstrusive PGP logo (below) would be great, and might become
a status symbol, like those cheesy HTML validation service and Internet
Audit Bureau logos (which I have used on a few pages). Yeah, I like the idea of a standardized logo. A lot.

@_date: 1996-02-03 09:00:38
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Ways around "censorship" of Nazi Zundelsite (fwd) 
Similar notes have been posted to the newsgroups and faxed to a number of
press critters in Germany, Canada, and the US. The Ottowa Times is
probably going to be the first out with a reasonably in-depth story. If
you have something of import to say, I'll give you the reporter's number. We won already. OK? I believe even the Wiesenthal Center is waking up to
the fact that the only acceptable and efffective way to deal with evil
lies in the modern age is by drawing them into the open and smothering
them with the truth. They should have a statement shortly. Share and enjoy.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Declan et al, I sent the enclosed to the white supremacists' moderated
mailing list in order to foster the free flow of information, and Don
Black approved it for distribution. Now they all know about all the mirrors. Since there is no longer any censorship, and since Zundel has released a press release about how "major universities have come to his defence" against this Zionist repression, I believe it would be appropriate to express our true feelings now. Of course copyright and good taste dictate that his pages remain on the Web completely unedited, but I see no reason for them to be the only thing there.
I would recommend adding a link to the following additional publications
of Zundel's, which were similarly "censored":  To prevent the saving of bookmarks within his site, I further recommend
moving his pages into a subdirectory with a name that changes from time to
time, as I have done. I apologize for blowing up at Declan. The link text from my page to his
again reads, in part: "My friend Declan's page has some more developed
ideas, most but not all of which I agree with. He has more time for this." - -rich

@_date: 1996-02-03 12:42:26
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Futplex makes the news! 
That's what they thought in 1945, too. I'd really hate to have to nuke
them from orbit. I maintain (I hope a little more coherently now) that
widely publicized subversion is far more effective than a frontal assault.
Who holds up the nuking of Hiroshima and Nagasaki as great victories
against tyranny? I think this sense is wrong.
Yesterday's "Modem Driver" column in the San Jose Mercury News was poorly researched, but had the right spin. It mentions that the operator of webcom.com is the grandson of a Holocaust victim, so he gets the Mom & Apple Pie vote.
 Front page of the Stanford Daily, which generated calls from the San Jose Merc and the Chronicle of Higher Edication, which are likely to get the story right:
 [No, I am *not* happy to get all the credit there]
AP story in Boston Globe (long and ludicrous on-line URL, and OK, so this is not the greatest story, but I think it's somewhat positive):
 Web Review (good, even though he totally misrepresented what I'd said without even bothering to try to reach me):
  The News & Observer (also never bothered to contact me before stating what I believed):
 I think it is, if (and only if) you agree with it.
I certainly would.
I've shut off access and challenged Zundel to get his many friends to run
their own damn mirrors. They could, you know -- at least one of them has a
T1. But I will put the files back (on c2.org and/or netcom and/or AOL
accounts, because it's just not ethical for me to involve Stanford in
this) if Deutsche Telekom continues to block access to webcom.com after,
say, next Wednesday. If they're not back up by, say Monday, I'll post an ultimatum to the above effect.
Netcom has hosted several notorious hate groups for years. There's no way in hell they'd buckle, and they're big enough to matter. Probably bigger than Stanford and CMU combined, though without quite the same symbolic - -rich

@_date: 1996-02-03 17:00:42
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Helping the Crypto-Clueless 
Bruce Baugh's latest missive inspired me to send the following to my new
racist friends, and also, coincidentally, to those at the Wiesenthal
Center, law enforcement agencies, and so on who also read the list.  Posts
to Stormfront-L are moderated to keep out any non-racist "noise," but I
assume that this message will be approved. Don really has no other choice. I imagine that this message will inspire greater awareness of and interest
in cryptographic applications, though I do not have great confidence that
it can do much to address my friends' cluelessness as such. I was not inclined to give them any real specifics on how to obtain and
employ cypherpunkish tools. After all, we're not very close friends. ---------- Forwarded message ----------
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
I was surprised and disappointed to learn recently that there are no public archives of the Stormfront list. Many organizations, most of whom are strongly opposed to Stormfront's goals, seem to be keeping private logs of everything that is said on Stormfront-L, but to date none have made their archives public.
I find this silly. It's an open list, after all, and you know that people who do not share your goals are reading the list. With all this talk about The Enemy and free expression, it's odd that only The Enemy has accurate chronicles, and that you deny the general public the right to read what you say.
To address this oversight, I will be opening up my personal archives of Stormfront-L to public view on c2.org's Web server. I haven't worked out the details yet, but I'll probably be using hypermail, if this use is judged to satisfy the license terms.
Don't bother unsubscribing me. There are lots of people who would be only too happy to send me their copies of list mail, anonymized. Don't bother moving to another list, either, unless you don't mind losing all members of the list whose loyalties cannot be established beyond a reasonable doubt. See, you can't exactly announce on the list that you're moving to a new list where The Enemy can't find you.
Despite the fact that it has always been trivial to determine the list membership, I plan to respect list members' privacy by giving you all a day to avail yourselves of the large number of anonymity and double-
blind pseudonymity resources available on the Internet.
For information on the most well-known remailer, the penet.fi anonymous contact service, send email to both help at anon.penet.fi (sends you the FAQ) and ping at anon.penet.fi (assigns you an ID). The disadvantages of the penet.fi service are that it is slow (mail is delayed as much as 24 hours) and that it is not really secure (records of which IDs belong to which real email address are kept on a computer in Finland, and are therefore available to very determined law enforcement officers and other armed thugs).
Those with a technical bent may wish to look into more secure cypherpunk remailers, but they require some brains. Even I don't really use them.
Alternatively, if one or more of you have the means and incentive to set up a public Stormfront-L archive on the Internet, and very soon, then please let me know, and I will drop my plans. The advantages of an official public list archive run by someone who shares your goals should be obvious. Of course, private archives will still be kept by third parties in order to ensure that the official archive remains accurate and up to date. Checks and balances, natch.
I would be happy to provide some technical assistance if you need help getting started.
On to copyrights. The issue of who owns the copyrights to the Zundelsite pages has been raised both privately and publicly (very It appears that Mr. Zundel has made his choice. The Zundelsite materials are in the public domain. Anyone can use them, abuse them, modify them, or sell them without violating anyone's intellectual property rights. May a thousand Zundelsites bloom. You may also include his works on BBSes, CD-ROMs, and T-shirts that you sell for personal profit. I'm working on a T-shirt for the "Zundel Detournement" contest right now. I doubt any of you would be interested in buying one, though.
Still, it would be much better if a formal network of mirror sites was established. That way you'd have a channel for receiving updates direct from Zundel's webmasters. Unfortunately, it seems that Mr. Zundel is embarrassed by the thought of being associated with the people who actually want to mirror his site for the content. He has had to  publicly distance himself from the very proud white supremacist Joe Bunkley, for example.
Most sincerely,
- -rich
P.S. You may have heard it reported recently that the author of PGP, which I am using (if this message does not bear a valid PGP digital signature, it is probably a forgery) is a Neo-Nazi sympathizer. This was untrue, and Phil considers this suggestion to be a serious libel. The newspaper that ran the allegation posted a very public and detailed retraction. Of course some Neo-Nazi sympathizers do use PGP, and so can you. In fact I'd love to exchange key signatures with one
of you guys in the San Francisco Bay Area (I'm sure there are a lot
of you here).

@_date: 1996-02-03 17:20:28
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Germany investigates AOL for providing Zundelaccess 
Didn't they have a court order? Sure they could have resisted, but they
didn't bend quite so far over backwards that they were really bending over
forwards. This is an exapmple of the kind of defeatist attitude that I think is counterproductive. Instead, say:
"With all the press attention being paid to censorship issues right now,
with the ridiculously Unconstitutional so-called Communications Decency
Act and so on, even America 'Online' is not likely to be so stupid and
spineless as to buckle under now. Ferchrissakes, the guy who runs
webcom.com is the grandson of a Holocaust victim; he deserves everyone's
undying respect for his commitment to the freedoms of someone he so
despises, and is simply not going to lose business because of this stand.
We won't let it happen."

@_date: 1996-02-03 22:26:50
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: THIS IS NOT NUKEPUNKS Re: Sometimes ya just gotta nuke em 
But this is not nukepunks...
and that wasn't my point. There is considerable debate about whether
dropping the bomb was right. The moral clarity of a Gandhi, MLK, or (to
add someone who actually killed people, I think) Thomas Paine is much more
useful when you're talking about winning hearts & minds. If you have a choice, don't nuke.
But yes, sometimes ya just gotta nuke em.

@_date: 1996-02-03 23:41:28
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Futplex makes the news! 
I originally sent Tim private mail saying "you're wrong."
On the other hand, reading futplex's actual statement and the fact that
Germany continues to "investigate" CompuServe and AOL, maybe he's right... This is not the end, but it may be the end of the beginning.
I also think there's a place for premature ejaculations of victory, because they tend to become self-fulfilling prophecies. If the press says that Germany is successfully censoring Zundel, then that sets a precedent; but if the press says that Germany's limp attempts to censor somebody on the Internet were a total failure, then they'll just look like a bunch of goofballs pursuing a lost cause.

@_date: 1996-02-04 08:58:56
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Futplex makes the news! 
I believe we *have* regrouped sufficiently, and I am doing my best to give
followup stories what I believe to be the correct spin. UMass will be *humiliated* if we play this right. Whom do we call?
For what I think is a good story (I wish they'd credited cypherpunks and other people more, but they do need to play up the local angle), see:
 AFAIK, futplex is the only person who has suffered any kind of negative
impact from these events. Except for cpunk reactions to my very poor
postings here, and *one* person who thought I was a Nazi (and who was
corrected, and apologized), I've been getting nothing but praise. IMHO, the correct response is to stop whining and trumpet victory, loudly,
and slam Exon and the CDA while we're at it. "This story shows that the so-called Communications Decency Act is just as ill-advised. If only four people at a handful of major universities can defeat German censorship of someone everybody hates, how can we expect mere laws to prevent the spread of indeterminate 'indecent' material on the Internet, which any teenager is interested in."
- -rich

@_date: 1996-02-04 09:35:22
@_author: Richard Charles Graves 
@_subject: Zundelsite webcom.com <--> Germany routing difficulties resolved 
The Zundelsite "censorship" issue has been resolved. We have a permanent home
for the site that will not be blocked or harassed by the site management. We
will help Zundel remove the shrill "I am being censored!" claims from his Web
More details will be forthcoming on Monday.
- -rich
$ From llurch at networking.stanford.edu to cypherpunks at toad.com $
$ Sat Feb  3 17:15:16 PST 1996 $

@_date: 1996-02-04 10:40:49
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Zundelsite webcom.com <--> Germany routing difficulties resolved 
On Sat, 3 Feb 1996 the Bcc'd dude wrote privately:
Good question! Something that not enough people are asking.
There were like two or three dozen hits. Period. But I think Declan publicized his mirror more widely, and probably got a few more.
You can get aggregate hit counts for all files in "/~llurch" through the www-leland.stanford.edu main page (features, I think).
I'm not sure I'll be able to get a server log dump because it would just
be so huge -- not because of the Zundelumpen, but because of the Windows
95 FAQ in my directory, which got a lot of press in early January. Zundel's main site at webcom.com did not just become popular and
overloaded with the press reports. It has always been overloaded because
he's a dumbshit who posts 3MB RealAudio files on the main page. - -rich

@_date: 1996-02-05 11:16:05
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE] Sound bites re the Zundel German censorship thing (fwd) 
[Bcc'd to the webcom.com guys FYI]
Sorry if you get duplicate copies, but I agree with Tim that mailing list
cross-pollution is bad. *Not* for broader redistribution, because they deserve privacy, but illustrative for, say, certain knee-jerk anti-PC forces here, is the fact that the two people who run webcom.com (Bcc'd) have been reported to be:
1. Grandson of a Holocaust victim
2. Activist with PEN and Amnesty International
I think we're all on the right side here, and for all the right reasons.
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Please cite me as rich at c2.org without Stanford affiliation. Yes, I can handle any amount of mail, and I'd much rather have to answer questions than be misinterpreted.
Pick and choose and edit at will. The email address rich at beep.stanford.edu
goes to an alphanumeric pager (cellular beeper, whatever you call it on
your side of the pond) that takes 60 characters from the Subject: line;
please use it to confirm quotes at deadline.
Some material, from least to most maudlin:
I am not a free speech activist. As Rosa Parks explains her refusing to
move to the back of a racially segregated bus, "I was tired." The Internet
belongs to all of us, and if parts of it are cordoned off for even the
most noble political reasons, then we are all diminished, and totalitarian
regimes like China's are given another excuse. This was an important point
to underscore, but it should be noted that all I did was send a half dozen
electronic mail messages and copy a few files, which took less than an
hour of my time. No less important than the fight against censorship itself, for me, is
that hateful demagogues like Ernst Zundel be denied their spurious appeals
to "anti-censorship." Mr. Zundel is no more of a free speech activist than
are the leaders of the IRA. Repression only breeds criminality. As Tolkien or any good German fairy tale will tell you, the evil troll,
when exposed to the light of day, will turn to stone. Evil trolls like Mr.
Zundel might still frighten children, but as statues in the Wiesenthal
Center's Museum of Tolerance they can no longer harm us; and ultimately,
these statues will attract pigeons, weather with time, and crumble to dust.
Now that the power of the Net has been demonstrated, we have taken down
our mirror sites. Now the onus is on Mr. Zundel, in the spotlight of world
attention, to reveal his true friends by calling on them to come to his
aid. Now we know that Mr. Zundel's friends include Joe Bunkley, a
notorious racist at Georgia State University. Joe Bunkley's mirror site,
and those of other friendly mirror sites, cannot all be censored; in fact,
to my knowledge, no action has been taken against any mirror site. Indeed, the DFN/WiN network that serves most German universities restored access to Mr. Zundel's original site some days ago. Let Mr. Zundel's conspiracy theories about Jews and UFO bases in
Antarctica into the public domain, and let us see who will believe them,
and who will laugh. I am a great fan of Milan Kundera, who teaches us that
the only responses to a totalitarian buffoon are laughter and memory.
Nizkor: we will remember. (No, I'm not Jewish)
Zundel's hate should never be ignored, but it can be publicly refuted and
ridiculed, which has far greater moral and practical effect than
censorship. "Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty" can be interpreted many ways. Let freedom ring.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-02-05 13:31:24
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Turn yourself in! 
Very cute, but I hope this doesn't degenerate into serious mail-bombing (which I'm sure it will, unfortunately).
The simple text "Fuck the CDA up the ass!" should do. Sorry I'm not very creative with such things.

@_date: 1996-02-05 15:22:45
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE] Sound bites re the Zundel German censorship thing (fwd) 
They already have one of the best compilations of racist links on the Web, which according to posts on Stormfront-L is often used by the Aryan Overloard types (snicker) to keep tabs on each other.
There are some copyright and ease-of-updating issues associated with mirroring the opposition's files. PGP authentication of Web pages would help. I've offered to show Zundel how to do it, but for some strange reason, he hasn't been answering my mail as promptly as he used to.

@_date: 1996-02-07 06:10:54
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: The OCAF's White Paper on Internet Pornography 
Regardless of the legal merits, this would be called "being an asshole." The guy who runs mailback.com is just another common carrier. - -rich

@_date: 1996-02-07 06:17:56
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: The OCAF's White Paper on Internet Pornography 
This would be bad, but
TAKE A LOOK AT THE DOCUMENT RIGHT NOW!!! The fun starts about a page down.
 Whoever "DWF" is deserves a medal.

@_date: 1996-02-07 06:25:53
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Yes, I'm an idiot Re: The OCAF's White Paper on Internet Pornography 
I'd thought that this was a "friendly" site that had been hacked. It's not. But the comments are pretty funny regardless.

@_date: 1996-02-08 08:03:56
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [SSP] Hack China Contest, and some more showboating 
FYI, Rich continues to play the media gadfly in tomorrow's editions of The
Guardian (UK), taz (Berlin), and the San Jose Mercury News. Sameer's friendly web script said people kept trying to link to my
nonexistent home page at  so I made one, below,
which I though you might find amusing. China attempts to control Internet      -Andrew Higgins, in The Guardian, 4 February 1996                China thinks they can control the Internet.                         They will be proven wrong.                                Hack China!
A new contest has been formed to reveal security flaws in The Great
Firewall of China. Exploits and detailed descriptions are needed. Hack
China and win a T-Shirt. Satirical contest not sponsored by Community
ConneXion. We have not issued a press release covering this promotion, so
this link will just return an error. Let's see what China does when the world finds out that subverting
murderous totalitarian dictatorships is trivial in the modern age. More
details will appear in the coming days. Last updated February 6, 1996. Do
not send your hacks to hackchina at c2.org , because that address does not,
in fact, exist, and will only return an error, making you look like a
fool. To merit an award, an exploit must be made publicly available. Also note
that "hack" connotes affirmative effort on your part to investigate and
expose encryption and security architectures. Merely finding bugs,
officials susceptible to bribery, and common configuration errors is not a
"hack,"  and will not be credited on this page, though you can report such
problems to rich at c2.org. We may be supporting an "other problems with
totalitarianism" page in the future, but other forums are probably more
appropriate. Taiwan (also known as the Republic of China) is a province of China not
recognized as a separate nation-state by the United Nations (indeed, even
Taiwan doesn't claim independence). The official name of China is the
People's Republic of China, which is not a registered trademark, but they
do have nuclear weapons, so you should still take them seriously. If
you're in Hong Kong, get out while you still can. This propotion does not
exist and is not affiliated with China, Taiwan, or Hong Kong.

@_date: 1996-02-09 09:16:22
@_author: Richard Charles Graves 
@_subject: [Speaking of mail headers] the Zundel 'Censorship' fraud 
As recently posted by my close friend rich at c2.org.
Ingrid could have fired up a mirror site at cts.com any time she pleased.
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
N:~> host ezundel.cts.com
ezundel.cts.com has address 204.212.157.52
This is not a troll or a masquerade. You will see that genuine
authenticated email messages and posts from Zundel's official spokesperson
"Ingrid" come from this IP address. The contents of this message were lies too, but hey, I'm not into posting
private email. Received: from mailhub.cts.com (mailhub.cts.com [192.188.72.25]) by Networking.Stanford.EDU (8.6.11/8.6.6) with SMTP id EAA29094 for ; Wed, 31 Jan 1996 04:15:15 -0800
Received: from [204.212.157.52] by mailhub.cts.com with smtp
        (Smail3.1.29.1  id m0thbRP-000V34C; Wed, 31 Jan 96 04:15 PST
X-Sender: ezundel at mail.cts.com
Message-Id: Mime-Version: 1.0
- -rich
 Institute for Ernst Zundel Revisionism
  "First, bring down Zundel's suffering in terms of numbers and
 events, both real and imagined, to what it really was, not what
 they say it was, what they exploit for their own political,
 financial, and geopolitical purposes."
AltaVista/DejaNews fodder:
Zundel Zundel Zundel Zundel Zundel Zundel Zundel Zundel Zundel Zundel Zundel
Deutsche Telekom Deutsche Telekom Deutsche Telekom Deutsche Telekom Deutsche
Nazi Propaganda Nazi Propaganda Nazi Propaganda Nazi Propaganda Nazi Propaganda Censorship Censorship Censorship Censorship Censorship Censorship Censorship
Simon Wiesenthal Center Simon Wiesenthal Center Simon Wiesenthal Center

@_date: 1996-02-09 18:27:02
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: glide.c?? 
There will also be a utility for extracting and decrypting file sharing
(Win95 as server) passwords as soon as the code is refined and the ReadMe is written.

@_date: 1996-02-10 05:08:29
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Regarding employee rights on company equipment 
[There are none]
I don't see why that's such a big deal, now. How much does a netcom or
c2.org account cost anyway? If you want to claim the right to use other people's equipment for personal purposes, then you're accepting that they will do the same thing. I don't think you want your CEO to have an endless array of perks, or your political representatives to abuse government resources for personal and political use (which is not to say that they don't, just that they shouldn't, and you shouldn't legitimize it).

@_date: 1996-02-12 07:42:53
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Lib'ber authentication 
^^^^^^^^^^^
Hey! I'm not a lib'ber! I'm a FUCKING STATIST, and (on other lists) maybe
even a CRYPTO-JEW!  Institute for Ernst Zundel Revisionism
  "First, bring down Zundel's suffering in terms of numbers and
 events, both real and imagined, to what it really was, not what
 they say it was, what they exploit for their own political,
 financial, and geopolitical purposes."

@_date: 1996-02-12 08:51:00
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: "Helping the clueless" on crypto-privacy: the Zundelhoaxers 
I seem to have introduced one of the leading white supremacist activists
to PGP and cypherpunk remailers recently, perhaps because of my promise to
archive their mailing list publicly and spoof messages from them if they
didn't. I'm so proud. I assume the ADL and allied organizations will be
learning more about PGP as well.   Type bits/keyID    Date       User ID
  pub  1024/C01741A1 1996/02/01 Don Black                      ^^^^^^^^^^
Tom Metzger  and Neo-Nazi straight woman Ingrid Rimland
 do not yet use PGP, but I'm working on it. The message below (Stormfront-L is Don's moderated mailing list for
"Aryan" activists, which can be quite entertaining -- subscription
instructions at tail) has a few technical misconceptions that should
probably be corrected, though of course it would be Bad to cross-pollinate
the lists. I've also created and propagated PGP keys for each of Don Black's other
email addresses as a way of teaching him about key identification,
propagation, and signing.
There was an earlier message on Stormfront-L from an alpha.c2.org nym who was having trouble. I assume Sameer helped him out.
So anyway, here's the message. I have a few more comments after the
included message.

@_date: 1996-02-15 13:07:03
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Subject lines? 
Me too! It has happened a few times before. Actually, all headers save Sender: are being trashed.
I'd thought it was an interaction problem with deliver, our local MTA. Or maybe it is, if you use deliver too. Please share experiences *in private email*.
The messages on news://nntp.hks.net/hks.lists.cypherpunks do have subject lines, so at least some messages are leaving toad.com OK. I think it's our problem.

@_date: 1996-02-15 17:17:03
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: secure web page ideas 
At first I wondered why you'd want to send encrypted mail you couldn't sign with your own key, but on second thought, I can think of a lot of I'd think that much of the hard and unique work would be, first, proper
interface design, and second, putting together an efficient database and
database extraction mechanism for huge key rings (I notice that the MIT
keyserver was recently upgraded; talk to them). While the PGP 3.0 API
would help with the implementation, I see no reason to wait on these
infrastructure steps.  The final version would use the more secure and
efficient API, but quick modular hacks for steps that would be fulfilled
by the API should be all that is needed. If you put together a proof-of-concept model, even one that doesn't really work, I think you'd see this idea take off. I see no reason to wait, and while I'm certainly no CODERpunk, I'd be more than happy to play with user interface mockups in my copious free time...  Institute for Ernst Zundel Revisionism

@_date: 1996-02-15 21:31:21
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: The Internet Party 
I say we elect Jim Bell, then kill him.
More seriously (or maybe I was serious), an "Internet party" just makes no sense to me. There's far too much diversity of views for the Internet to be a "party." Perhaps the "Internet party" could take shape as a corporatist pressure group, but hte record of corporatist systems is not great. I'm happy with the EFF and such remaining special interest groups with no partisan political baggage. "No entangling alliances," as Washington said, and no compromises.

@_date: 1996-02-15 22:57:20
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Another CDA Protest Idear 
To the message_fronter of the public majordomo lists I control
(win95netbugs and win95netbugs-digest), I have temporarily added the
following, as a way of limiting my liability:
 WARNING: Any use of this mailing list in violation of section 502 of    the Communications Decency Act of 1995 will immediately be referred to  the appropriate authorities for prosecution. See   I will of course remove this notice, or maybe move it to the footer, after a couple messages go by with the notice prepended. No need to be *totally* obnoxious.
I'll probably also post a notice that all submissions to
comp.os.ms-windows.announce (I'm the new moderator) must comply with the
CDA. Hmm, I haven't had time to put up a "submissions guidelines FAQ" yet. This could be fun, but I will keep it clean. - -rich
 llurch at networking.stanford.edu
 WARNING: Use of the above email address across international boundaries  implies consent to monitoring by the National Security Agency and other  lawfully recognized bodies. All domestic USA use of the above email  address must also comply with the Communications Decency Act of 1995.  Violations will be reported to the Federal authorities for prosecution.

@_date: 1996-02-17 10:10:33
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Any cpunks around San Diego, CA want to chat this weekend? 
I'll be down through Tuesday morning looking up public records on my new
Neo-Nazi friends (and their opposition, some of which is also unseemly),
stuff like that. I'll be talking to Ingrid, Zundel's press secretary, on
Tuesday, I hope. I'd love to do lunch with someone who knows the local San
Diego/North County/Fallbrook ISP environment, especially a level-headed
libertarian type. I'll buy. - -rich

@_date: 1996-02-21 19:03:57
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Bravo, mostly (Re: Banned Zambian newspaper now on the Web) 
[Please forward along to fight-censorship if non-redundant]
I applaud your quick response. However, you should read more and consult
people with area expertise. At least do the five-minute AltaVista and DejaNews search I did; don't just trust the information that gets sent to you, or you're likely to be used. I think you're at least 95% right here, but it is worth noting that The
Post has ties to the former dictator of Zambia, who was replaced by the
more or less democratically elected Chiluba whose ouster you so
precipitously are demanding. First impressions and fast action are often
necessary, but it's not responsible to stop there. Life & death politics
isn't a toy. Chiluba is no saint, but he's no two-bit dictator, either.
I'd probably rate him a notch or two below Aristide, no worse. He's
certainly no Castro, Kim, or Idi Amin.Chiluba is pretty good by
Sub-Saharan African standards (which, unfortunately, isn't saying much). For informed opinion, you should start with the Association of Concerned
African Scholars:  You might want to add Amnesty International's 1995 report on Sub-Saharan
Africa, which has some background on Zambia and Chiluba:  For those who read Swedish, this appears to be a more specific Amnesty  See Chiluba's comments on Nigerian human rights violations:
 Official statements of the Zambian government:
 Two trivial stylistic whines:
HTML bug:
You need to prepend mailto: to the link to fstuart at vetmed.auburn.edu
Graphical excess:
And as I'm sure you're aware, the lead graphic is a bit large for most browsers. It takes up the whole 13" screen I have at home.

@_date: 1996-02-22 05:20:15
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Bravo, mostly (Re: Banned Zambian newspaper now on the Web) 
No, you shouldn't care what I think. You should care about being right. Which I think you are, at least 95% of the time. But calling for Chiluba's
ouster after a couple hours' reading is a little hasty IMO. I'd have
stopped at something like, "Chiluba again showed his lack of respect for
democratic institutions and the free press by censoring the newspaper
reproduced below. He has also been criticized by the US State Department
and Amnesty International, though Zambia's record is better than that of
many other Sub-Saharan African states, most notably Nigeria, Rwanda, and
Burundi (which you might consider small praise indeed)." He's no hero, but I'd reserve the "Get the hell out" rhetoric for complete
tyrants who kill people for fun, and tolerate no independent press at all. There's plenty of those around. You'll be taken more seriously (and I think you SHOULD be taken more seriously) if you don't overreact.

@_date: 1996-02-22 16:29:01
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: "consent of the governed" 
You're taking this phrase out of context. What the Declaration said was:
1. There are certain universal human rights, like life, liberty, and    property^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H the pursuit of happiness.
2. To protect these rights, people form governments. Only the baddest kid    on the block can protect her own rights, and only if she never sleeps.    The rest of us need the police.
3. Ergo, government derives its just powers from the consent of the    governed. I read this more as a conclusion than as a premise.
This is all that Hobbes, Locke, and Montequieu said. Rousseau was different, but he was a kook.
This is quite different from saying, "The government has the right to do
what the majority says it can do." Government doesn't have any rights,
only delegated powers.
A utilitarian like Mill or a positivist like Comte or a trader like Smith,
or I, would say that government power shouldn't be restricted to the
protection of basic rights. Public goods should also be pooled to do
things that people can't or won't do by themselves -- garbage collection,
health and disability insurance, protecting "the commons" with
environmental regulations, etc. But these utilitarian-type interests don't really fall into the power/rights game.

@_date: 1996-02-27 13:18:19
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [South SF Bay Area] PLAY ANNOUNCEMENT: "Breaking the Code" (fwd) 
FYI. Might be amusing. I'll probably go, if I can find a free moment.
 The Dream Team
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Newgroups: ba.announce, ba.motss, rec.arts.theatre.plays
Menlo Players Guild Presents
BREAKING THE CODE
by Hugh Whitemore
Based on the Book: Alan Turing: The Enigma by Andrew Hodges
The private life of an extraordinary and brilliant man becomes the means of
his destruction in this dramatic story, which won acclaim on Broadway. At its
center is Alan Turing, the mathematician and British war hero who broke the
famous German Enigma Code, giving the Allies the key to winning World War II,
and yet was persecuted by his government for his sexual orientation. This
portrait of a complex, visionary man torn by society's conflicting rules is
chillingly powerful.
February 23 - March 16
Thurs-Sat, 8pm
Sunday March 10 at 2:30
Burgess Theatre, 601 Laurel Street, Menlo Park
Tickets and info call
(415) 322-3261
Visit our web page at

@_date: 1996-01-08 08:14:18
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: "Microsoft.com" added to my KILL file 
Poor me has to run a mailing list where the *majority* of subscribers are using MS Mail or Exchange.
For a partial list of MS Mail/Excahnge bugs relevant to list administrators, fetch my list info file. Send "info win95netbugs" to majordomo at lists.stanford.edu.
Fortunately, there's been no need to killfile msn.com recently. Microsoft incompetence took care of that at the source. See the January 2nd news article on - -rich

@_date: 1996-01-08 23:40:33
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: NSA says strong crypto to China? 
Agreed. They're a bureaucracy and a statist entity. But states are distinct and antagonistic entities. There's no world government.
As someone who worked with Terry Karl in El Salvador, I also think your
Central American history is a bit off, but that's off topic, and normal
for the US. Agreed that Chomsky is usually rather weak on the facts, which
is why he is seldom cited in academic journals; he's really just a darling
of the press, because the man exudes eggheadedness and erudite sarcasm. He
never should have strayed from developmental linguistics. I don't see this happening.
The NSA is logically allied with other organizations of greater
repressiveness, inasmuch as it is not really in the interest of the NSA to
pursue absolute freedom anywhere. Certainly they have no desire for anyone
in the world to enjoy privacy. However, this logical symmetry does not
translate to practical collaboration. You think the NSA and the Chinese
government trust each other at all? They're spying on each other.
One certainly observes strange bedfellow situations among three letter
agencies (the Iran/Contra affair; Cuban and South African aiding of
insurgents of every political stripe; US intelligence information on Iran
provided to Iraq); but one also observes strange conflicts (the Pollard
affair, Israel's spying on the US; back to Dreyfuss; intrigue within the
EC).

@_date: 1996-01-09 02:19:52
@_author: Richard Charles Graves 
@_subject: Microsoft white paper on Access "security" 
Apparently the file name of the official position on Access security is
wx1051.exe. It should be on CompuServe and www/ftp.microsoft.com.
Among other wondrous things, Peter Miller writes in article
<4crdu2$gua at news-e1a.megaweb.com> in comp.databases.ms-access:
  BTW, there's a typo in the White Paper.  Where it says Access security
  relies upon 'RSA4 data encryption', they meant to say 'you not knowing
  the difference between a secure database application, and one that
  just contains a bunch of security dialogs that confuses the average
  user, but fails to protect either your code or your data'.
I bet someone's going to have a lot of fun with this one!!!

@_date: 1996-01-09 08:47:05
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: "trust management" vs. "certified identity" 
Someone got a McArthur grant for a study of this in Redwood City a couple
years back. She studied the long-term patterns of smuggling between towns
in the SF Bay Peninsula and central Mexico. I saw her speak once, but I
don't remember her name. I could probably find the reference if you're
interested. There haven't been that many McArthur grants.
Any decent book on private investigation should give you enough
information to pass as someone else.  owner-win95netbugs at lists.stanford.edu
 ftp://ftp.stanford.edu/pub/mailing-lists/win95netbugs/
 gopher://quixote.stanford.edu/1m/win95netbugs

@_date: 1996-01-09 09:01:15
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [Fwd: Re: ABOI: Desperate User Support] 
Someone did very poor research, then. In fact there was a Libyan-backed
coup two or three years ago, which was overthrown in about a month. I
distinctly remember the headline in The Economist, which was similar to
"Trinidad Coup Not Considered Cricket." Info on the coup and a copy of this bit of folklore is on a Trinidad & Tobago Web Page somewhere. Maybe they got a definitive answer in the six months or so since I last looked.
This should probably get a [NOISE] for Perry's benefit...
 owner-win95netbugs at lists.stanford.edu
 ftp://ftp.stanford.edu/pub/mailing-lists/win95netbugs/
 gopher://quixote.stanford.edu/1m/win95netbugs

@_date: 1996-01-09 10:04:37
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Still [NOISE] but a.f.urban was clearly wrong [Fwd: Re: ABOI: Desperate User Support]) 
You should know better than to believe everything you read in
alt.folklore.urban, even the debunking. There was a brief Libyan-backed coup in Trinidad & Tobago in July 1990.
Here are a few Reuters headlines in reverse chronological order, courtesy
of Lexis/Nexis. I also recall a couple of excellent articles in The
I believe that the Symantec story has at least some truth to it. I don't read alt.folklore.urban, so I won't post there, but someone should.
                             Copyright 1991 Reuters
                        April 9, 1991, Tuesday, AM cycle
LENGTH: 167 words
HEADLINE:  TRINIDAD COUP  HEARING POSTPONED AFTER NOISY COURTROOM PROTESTS
DATELINE: PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad
 BODY:
   A pretrial hearing for 18 of the alleged plotters in the July 1990  Trinidad  coup  attempt was postponed Tuesday because of noisy courtroom protests.
   Members of the black Moslem Jamaat al Muslimeen group chanted and banged ...
                             Copyright 1990 Reuters
                       October 2, 1990, Tuesday, BC cycle
LENGTH: 3422 words
HEADLINE: WORLD NEWS EVENTS SCHEDULED DURING THE NEXT FOUR WEEKS
 BODY:
   ... visits (until Oct. 10).
   NASHVILLE Country Music Association annual awards.
   PORT-OF-SPAIN Expected starting date of  Trinidad coup  plotters trial.
   STOCKHOLM Nobel Prize for Medicine announced.
   STRASBOURG, France European Parliament plenary session (until ...
   ... visits (until Oct. 10).
                             Copyright 1990 Reuters
                     September 13, 1990, Thursday, AM cycle
LENGTH: 371 words
HEADLINE:  TRINIDAD COUP  PLOTTERS FACE TRIAL
BYLINE: By Lindsay MacKoon
DATELINE: PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad
                             Copyright 1990 Reuters
                      August 23, 1990, Thursday, AM cycle
LENGTH: 184 words
HEADLINE:  TRINIDAD COUP  HEARING DELAYED OVER SECURITY CONCERNS
DATELINE: PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad
                             Copyright 1990 Reuters
                      August 15, 1990, Wednesday, AM cycle
LENGTH: 387 words
HEADLINE: TRIAL OF TRINIDAD MOSLEM REBELS COULD BEGIN NEXT WEEK
BYLINE: By Lindsay MacKoon
DATELINE: PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad
 BODY:
   ... 1 and transferred to Trinidad's state prison under heavy security.
   Caribbean nations, worried about the economic conditions that contributed to the  Trinidad coup  attempt, plan to hold a meeting to discuss ways of regional security. Barbados Prime Minister Erskine Sandiford ...
                             Copyright 1990 Reuters
                        July 31, 1990, Tuesday, AM cycle
LENGTH: 496 words
HEADLINE: ANY FLIGHT WILL DO FOR THOUSANDS THRONGING TRINIDAD AIRPORT
BYLINE: By Peter Zollman
DATELINE: PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad
 BODY:
   Thousands of sweaty tourists and business people trying to flee the chaos of the  Trinidad coup  attempt jammed Piarco International Airport Tuesday,
jostling and shoving to get on any available flight out of the island.
                             Copyright 1990 Reuters
                        July 30, 1990, Monday, AM cycle
LENGTH: 96 words
HEADLINE: AGREEMENT TO END  TRINIDAD COUP  ATTEMPT BREAKS DOWN
BYLINE: By Peter Zollman
DATELINE: PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad
                             Copyright 1990 Reuters
                        July 29, 1990, Sunday, AM cycle
LENGTH: 507 words
HEADLINE: MORE THAN 300 WOUNDED IN  TRINIDAD COUP  AS TALKS BOG DOWN
BYLINE: By Peter Zollman
DATELINE: PORT-OF-SPAIN, Trinidad

@_date: 1996-01-09 10:27:03
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: NSA Rigs Win NT to B 
This is misleading at best. Windows NT is certified C2 as a standalone
workstation only. It has not been tested or certified for networked
environments. The fact that NT lets you know when you have attempted a
login as a user does not exist, without asking for a password, would
clearly disqualify NT Server from a C2 rating in a network environment, at least when NetWare services are used. Real NetWare servers do qualify for a C2 rating.  owner-win95netbugs at lists.stanford.edu
 ftp://ftp.stanford.edu/pub/mailing-lists/win95netbugs/
 gopher://quixote.stanford.edu/1m/win95netbugs

@_date: 1996-01-09 11:27:37
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Microsoft continues to mislead public about Windows security bugs (a bit long, with references) 
Please do not dismiss this as mere "Microsoft Bashing." c2.org has
similar promotions running for Netscape, DigiCash, and Java. The following is a quote from Microsoft's "Knowledge Base" technical
support and marketing database, which is online in CompuServe and at:     Security of the Windows for Workgroups Password Cache
  _____________________________________________________
  The password list file is encrypted with an algorithm that meets the U.S.
  government Data Encryption Standard (DES). This encryption technology is
  the highest security allowed in software exported from the United States.
  The odds of breaking the encryption algorithm are less than those for
  random guesses of what the password might be.
  Even if your logon password is blank, Windows for Workgroups generates
  seemingly random data in your PWL file, so you cannot discover the
  passwords if you look at the PWL file using a file viewer. Currently, no
  user interface exists that allows you to unencrypt passwords in the PWL
  file, so password caching in Windows for Workgroups is as secure as the
  choice of the password used to encrypt your PWL file.
As Microsoft well knows, this is completely untrue. The rest of the world
has known that this is untrue since November 29th. Microsoft quietly
acknowledged on December 7th (after a day of much "Internet Strategy"
hype, and after the deadline for the morning papers) that the exact same
implementation was insecure in Windows 95, and claims to have released a
patch that fixes the problem (the efficacy of the Win95 patch does not
appear to have been verified by anyone outside Microsoft, however). Microsoft has not even admitted that this bug in both Windows 95 and
Windows for Workgroups affects Windows for Workgroups, apparently because
they have decided not to fix it. Information on the .PWL implementation bugs was first broached on the sci.crypt newsgroup in late November 1995, then discussed on the cypherpunks list and refined for Community ConneXion's "Hack Microsoft"
promotion, We have since been given a sample trojan horse that will very efficiently
exploit this bug in Windows for Workgroups. Distributed as a Word Basic
virus, MIME attachment, or downloadable archive (note that Exchange and
Internet Explorer unwisely execute downloaded binaries without even a
virus check, a problem that Sun's Java has long acknowledged and
addressed), this trojan horse could collect passwords and other sensitive
information from .PWL files and other sources and send them out via email,
possibly through an untraceable chain of remailers or to a throwaway
trial account on, for example, America "Online." We believe that it would be highly irresponsible to release the full
version of this hack, but we will soon release a crippled
demonstration-only version if Microsoft does not at the very least admit
that this problem has always affected Windows for Workgroups, correct
their online documentation, publish the specifications of the Win95
security patch for review by outside security experts, and issue a public
retraction. See also:
          {mirror of above}   {mirror of above} ftp://ftp.demon.co.uk/pub/mirrors/win95net/
  {more mirrors are under construction in Australia and elsewhere}
In other news, I assume everyone knows by now that NT's claimed C2
security rating was granted *for use a standalone workstation only*. It
has been widely reported that its NetWare Services implementation does
not ask for passwords for nonexistent usernames, making a potential
cracker's job that much easier. The correct response, which is given by
real NetWare servers and other servers that are certified C2-secure on
networks, is to silently ask for a password in all cases. I started getting copies of hackmsoft at c2.org mail on December 20th. It's really depressing.
We've also seen problems with Microsoft Access 95's security. Basically,
there is none. Anyone can access the network-enabled Access as any user
without knowing the password. We don't think it would be responsible to
publicly release this hack, either, until Microsoft has had another
chance to patch the hole (they've known about it for some time). These are far, far worse than the widely publicized bugs in Netscape's
SSL implementation, which have been fixed. Yet the only place I've seen
them mentioned is the lapdog Seattle Times, which only reports bug
*fixes* in glowing terms. Is anybody listening?
- -rich
 owner-win95netbugs at lists.stanford.edu
 ftp://ftp.stanford.edu/pub/mailing-lists/win95netbugs/
 gopher://quixote.stanford.edu/1m/win95netbugs

@_date: 1996-01-09 17:48:45
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Microsoft continues to mislead public about Windows security bugs (a bit long, with references) 
[Cc'd outsiders can browse this thread on the cypherpunks list via the
public news://nntp.hks.net/hks.lists.cypherpunks; please drop the Cc line
on followups]
I just made a couple of updates to  after
reviewing the responses trolled up in the last several hours; take a On further review, I don't think Peter's latest, which you run from the
DOS command prompt to email a randomly chosen password to your email
address of choice, is that serious a threat. I don't have it on a machine
I can get to now, and I'm going to be offline tomorrow, but I'd suggest
that Sameer go ahead and post the binary soon. Btw, Peter hasn't given us
the source code, and I wouldn't post it anyway, because it would make it
too easy for someone without the proper ethic to "improve" the hack. I just don't want us to look like the bad guys here. I think a little
patience and bending over backwards to be nice encourages non-cypherpunk
types like Peter Miller (the Access crack) to come down on the right side. By the way, in response to my newsgroup posting, I got a few messages that
Bill Gates had been interviewed somewhere and had said that all the
problems with Windows security were the result of the US Government's
restrictions on the export of strong cryptography.
It's nice to see the richest man in the world on the right side of at
least one issue, but this is of course complete bullshit. ITAR has nothing
whatsoever to do with these bugs. Any press who cover the issue
incorrectly should be educated about the difference between a good
implementation that can be brute-forced in X amount of time with Y amount
of computing power because the guvmint puts limits on the key size, and a
stupid implementation that is far, far less secure than (X,Y) because of
poor programming.

@_date: 1996-01-10 13:01:40
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Is this true... 
The liability of that is a little inconvenience, which can lead to
laziness and insecurity. I usually read mail on a highly visible multiuser UNIX system of which I
am not the sysadmin and that has been broken into several times. If you
send me encrypted mail, then I either need to keep my key, type my
passphrase, etc. on this insecure system, or download the mail to a PC or
Mac, which isn't always possible. Most sessions of mine to this host are encrypted in kerberos or ssh, but not all.
Sending unencrypted mail is rather like sending a postcard. But postcards are fine a lot of the time. Being too cavalier about the use of PGP is rather like putting multiple
deadbolts on the front door to your house, but accidentally dropping copies of your house keys wherever you go.

@_date: 1996-01-12 12:57:27
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Boston talk on offshore banks 
Every issue of The Economist (and I'm sure lots of other publications)
has ads for this kind of thing.
Anyone know a reference for ranking the "legitimacy" of these services
and seminars? I'd assume that many of them are scams that will gladly
take your money overseas, but you might never see it again.
Probably follow up offline, because cpunk relevance is a bit tenuous.

@_date: 1996-01-12 16:58:00
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [Sarin?] Re: When they came for the Jews... 
You're kidding, right? With all the uncensored spiders out there, anybody
can find anything in a second. Search for "sarin not japan not aum" to cut
down on the noise. Here's two of the top ten from AltaVista.
1. For US Occupational Health and Safety Administration (OSHA)
   recommendations regarding Sarin (um... avoid?), see:
   2. Sorry, no detailed recipe, and it says "don't try this at home," but there
   is a bibliography, and the Stanford Libraries have four of the journals
   listed.     From Sarin is now known as "GB." It has several chemical names:
1-Methylethyl methylphosphonate, Isopropylhydrogen
methylphosphonate or Isopropyl methylphosphonate. Note the
word "isopropyl." One of the key ingredients of the Sarin made by AUM
Shinrikyo is isopropyl alcohol. Altogether there are four ingredients in
Sarin: phosphorus trichloride, sodium fluoride, isopropyl alcohol
and acetonitrile. Its chemical structure is as follows:
(H3C)2CHOPF(O)Me. Sarin is not the type of weapon that can be made in
the home, it can only be manufactured in a laboratory, though very
sophisticated equipment is not needed. It is extremely dangerous to
manufacture and handle.
It's a German invention. Here's a (mostly) German Bibliography.
GMELINS HDB, 1965, P482; PHOSPHOR VERBINDUNGE, 1963, V1, P433;
PHOSPHOR ERBINDUNGE, 1964, V2, P27; 810930, 1959, CHILDS AF;
ARBUSOV A, 1902, P1639; CHEM ZENTR BOOTH HS, 1939, V61, P2927; J AM
CHEM SOC; BRAUER G, 1975, P209; HDB PRAPARATIVEN ANO; BRYANT PJR,
1960, P1553, J CHEM SOC; DEBORST C, 1972, V27, P305, TNO NIEUWS;
FORDMOORE AH, 1951, V31, P33, ORGANIC SYNTHESES; FRANKE S, 1976,
V1, LEHRBUCH MILITARCHEM; FRANKE S, 1976, V2, LEHRBUCH
MILITARCHEM; KUHN SJ, 1962, V40, P1951, CAN J CHEM; LORQUET JC,
1959, V68, P336, B SOC CHIM BELG; SAMMET R, 1983, THESIS ETH ZURICH;
SASS S, 1979, V14, P257, ORG MASS SPECTROM; SCHRADER G, 1963,
ENTWICKLUNG NEUER IN; TAMMELIN LE, 1957, V11, P1340, ACTA CHEM
SCAND; WASER PG, 1983, CHOLINERGE PHARMAKON; WASER PG, 1975,
CHOLINERGIC MECHANIS; WASER PG, 1986, P157, DISCOVERIES PHARM;
WASER PG, 1986, P743, DYNAMICS CHOLINERGIC.

@_date: 1996-01-12 18:52:41
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: A weakness in PGP signatures, and a suggested solution (long) 
An easy short-term partial solution would be to modify mailcrypt, bap, or
whatever front end you use to automatically put the current date and (a
shortened form of) the To: or Newsgroups: header into the PGP signature
Comments: line.

@_date: 1996-01-13 01:15:41
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [CORRECTION] Microsoft continues to mislead public about Windows security 
In a couple of silly posts, I'd uncritically repeated a Bob Cringely piece
in the December 10th InfoWorld (plus various other sources) without
adequately verifying the facts. I hope this will clear some things up. First, NT was C2-certified in a specific configuration as a standalone
workstation only, not as a network server. So any points about NT's C2
security being compromised by the following problems are *moot* and should
be ignored.
1. NetWare Services lets you know when you try to log on as a user that    doesn't exist, rather than asking for a password. Real NetWare servers    do the right thing.
2. Because of a common user error, documentation errors, and a couple bugs,
   it is possible to gain read-only access to the root directory of many    NT FTP servers (20% of the known NT servers at Stanford when I checked --
   this has been fixed) by giving a nonexistent username and password,
   for example, cypherpunks/cypherpunk, to Microsoft's FTP server.
These aren't important, because Microsoft does not claim that NT Server,
as a server, is C2-secure; only many authorized distributors do. Also, the note that NetWare was C2-certified is misleading. I've been told and find credible (but have not verified) that NetWare was only certified in an unusual environment with packet-encrypting NICs.
The rest was true. The main point was that Microsoft continues to make
statements that are clearly at variance with the truth concerning the acknowledged .PWL, IPX SAP, and SMB bugs, among others. Microsoft has yet to revise several known incorrect pertinent articles in
their "Knowledge" Base technical/marketing database, which you can search
via:   Incorrect articles include Q92588, Q90210, Q36634, Q103887, Q120554, and
especially Q90271.
The specific URL for each of these articles is:
  For example, the article that purports to contain technical information on
why you can trust the security of .PWL files is:   Also,  the
PR on the "fix" for the acknowledged .PWL bugs in Win95 (the same bugs
exist in Windows 3.11, but Microsoft has not acknowledged this or
committed to fixing it), is clearly incorrect. It says that the new
algorithm is 2^96 times more secure because it uses a larger key. Besides
the fact that the extreme weakness of the .PWL algoritm has nothing
whatsoever to do with the key size, the new algorithm does not use 128
random bits. Like many other exportable algorithms, the key size is 128
bits, but only 40 bits are random. By the way, neither I nor the comp.risks moderator have heard a peep from
any Microsoft source in any newsgroup or mailbox. This I find somewhat
disheartening. We know that there are at least five microsoft.com
addresses on cypherpunks because we all got bounced email when Microsoft
broke their mail gateway. Cat got your tongue?
 owner-win95netbugs at lists.stanford.edu
 ftp://ftp.stanford.edu/pub/mailing-lists/win95netbugs/
 ftp://ftp.demon.co.uk/pub/mirrors/win95netfaq/
 gopher://quixote.stanford.edu/1m/win95netbugs
   rich at c2.org

@_date: 1996-01-13 03:56:43
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: (none) [httpd finding your identity] 
On most UNIX machines or a Mac or PC running most common talk clients?
Worry. Not just finger, but also identd will identify you. I think Eudora
Pro has an identd option, too.

@_date: 1996-01-13 04:34:53
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Novel use of Usenet and remailers to mailbomb from luzskru@cpcnet.com 
Unless someone comes forward to say that they were the target of this attack, I'd guess that the target is the remailer network itself.
This article is still on nntp.stanford.edu. I've issued a cancel. Sites far removed from stanford.edu should consider doing the same.
luzskru at cpcnet.com, of course, doesn't exist, *BUT* there is a luzskru.cpcnet.com in the DNS.
And while every other port seems to be closed, there is an open NNTP port.
N:~> telnet luzskru.cpcnet.com nntp
Trying 198.70.185.5...
Connected to luzskru.cpcnet.com.
Escape character is '^]'.
200 luzskru.cpcnet.com NNS server version X2.06 ready - posting allowed
205 closing connection - goodbye
Connection closed by foreign host.
postmaster at cpcnet.com is probably a victim of this, but he should still be flayed with a wet noodle for letting this happen.

@_date: 1996-01-13 04:47:48
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Novel use of Usenet and remailers to mailbomb from luzskru@cpcnet.com 
I did an AltaVista search for "luzskru" and found it on a list of known open NNTP sites. They're almost certainly blameless.
The list, btw, is Cc'd to the guy who generates that list. In case he doesn't know, cypherpunks is browseable at news://nntp.hks.net/hks.lists.cypherpunks

@_date: 1996-01-13 06:03:11
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Novel use of Usenet and remailers to mailbomb from luzskru@cpcnet.com 
This seems to have been confirmed in private email. So, what's the real target?
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Yes, I've heard of him. But doesn't the given address just forward to a remailer? Have you seen anything to indicate that the flood really goes to Actually, last time I saw, he was no longer really embroiled. He was backing off to become a neutral ISP. He still runs lazarus, of course.

@_date: 1996-01-13 10:13:40
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Microsoft's papers on NT C2 thang 
[Oops, signature is only valid if the > 80 column line is preserved]
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
I'd appreciate it if someone could critique these papers for me, probably
off the list. [Note that 198.105.232.5 is just one of the IP addresses being load-balanced by  The servers seem to crash a lot with the current Gibraltar beta, so if one IP address doesn't work (like .5 isn't responding to pings right now), try another and it will work.]
- -rich

@_date: 1996-01-13 18:23:19
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Offshore Banks and Asset Protection) 
That's not what I wrote!!! :-)
I did say "many," not "most," and I would assume that most if not all
stuff that The Economist carries is completely legit. I'd been thinking of
"other publications," such as the tax protester rags and my friend Clark's paper. Yep, I'm just an FBI plant. (Yes, I know -- or rather assume -- that
that's not what you meant.)
Be careful of this paranoid stuff, even as a joke. The tax protester
movement feeds on conspiracy BS. "The IRS knows that native born white
Sovereign Citizens don't have to pay Federal taxes, but they've paid off
all the Jew lawyers." There was a guy in misc.legal a while back making
this so-called argument. People were actually sending him money, and not
out of pity. Which is not to say that the guvmint isn't conspiring against us all, in
the larger and some specific senses. Just not quite like that, and it's
the wacky conspiracy theories that make otherwise intelligent people
discard others. (Some people still don't believe in Watergate. *I* didn't
believe the Feds could legally get a wiretap without a warrant until I was corrected here.)
This falls under the category of Things That Only The Mega-Wealthy Clique
(of all races, politics, and sexual colors) Know. Which is a category that shrinks more and more by the day. Some people
actually used to believe in the Divine Right of Kings. We've come a long
way, baby. Keep it up.

@_date: 1996-01-13 21:55:08
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [noise] The economics of super-stars - partial cite 
For anotehr view suggesting that Rosen is himself dazzled by superstars,
see The Other Path, by Hernando de Soto, ISBN 0-06-091640-0 (paperback)
and 0-06-016020-9 (hard). This is the 260-page executive summary of a study of the "informal
economy" in the major Peruvian cities. I think the expanded El otro
sendero with statistical appendices is only available in Spanish. Title refers to Sendero Luminoso, a particularly bizarre Maoist cult that has been brutally repressed by Fujimori in recent years. De Soto argues that the masses are a lot smarter than most economists and governments think, that most humans are entrepreneurs, and that the informal economy serves people a lot better than either Fordist capitalism or a "communist"
As if anyone has time to read such a thing.

@_date: 1996-01-14 15:12:56
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [noise] The economics of super-stars - partial cite 
[Token crypto relevance: there's some steganography in Mayta]
No, I meant "brutal."
The word "brutal" is also clearly appropriate for Sendero, but I figured "bizarre Maoist cult" was sufficiently non-laudatory. I guess some people are into that kind of thing, though, so I'll add "brutal" in the future.
Eye for an eye. Thankfully, it's calmed down now that the most nasty folks
are either dead or educated by the experience. Peru moved on from
terrorism to the soap opera within the Fujimori family (his wife
threatened to run for President against him, was locked out of the house,
Read anything from Mario Vargas Llosa for background. I'm told that his
novels are actually more accurate than his nonfiction because he doesn't
have to worry quite so much about specific people on both sides wanting to
kill him, since he doesn't name names. I've recommended La vida de
Alejandro Mayta to many a chardonnay revolutionary who thinks that Maoist
revolution is "cool," and the human reality check is good for those with a more authoritarian bent, too.

@_date: 1996-01-14 19:08:34
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Respect for privacy != Re: exposure=deterence? 
Disregarding the high-falutin' diction, why not?
Certainly, expose everything they do at work, but I don't see that tracking someone down personally serves any purpose.
I strongly disagree, and the fact that it's a government is irrelevant. Everybody deserves privacy: criminals, government employees, and people
you like as well. Of course, you have the right to investigate any person,
in keeping with the law. Public figures must give up some privacy to help
ensure that they are not involved in blatant (I did say blatant) conflicts
of interest, and they lose certain points in libel cases, but it should not go beyond that.   "Microsoft has opted not to include certain components of NT in the
   evaluation process, not because they would not pass the evaluation,
   but to save time by reducing the load on the NSA."
   C2 Evaluation and Certification for Windows NT
      [Whether they mean saving load on the testing team or on
   subsequent NSA investigations involving NT machines is not
   specified.]

@_date: 1996-01-15 07:56:50
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: COMMUNITY CONNEXION REFUSES TO CENSOR INTERNET SERVICES 
To play Devil's Advocate here, I don't think this is as big a deal as
either side is making it out to be. At least according to dgillmor's
column in today's San Jose Mercury News, SW meant (or has "clarified" his
statements to mean) that he favors only limited remedial (not prior)
restraints on "hate speech" (whatever the hell that means) on Web pages
that approach "publishing" quality and distribution. SW does not favor and in fact opposes censoring newsgroups and email.
Throw that straw man away, and deal with these issues, as "clarified."
Of course some ISPs with no backbone will, and already do, censor newsgroups, but this is not what SW is asking for (at least, not now). I don't think any media outlet should be forced to carry something it finds objectionable. Libertarian notions like freedom of association and the fact that freedom of the press belongs to the guy who owns the damn press come into play here.
I very much applaud Sameer for his principles and hard work, but SW and the like have their own principles. They're not incompatible in a free I'd love it if the Christian Coalition would start an ISP (they already
have a Web site and private local dialups for special staff), and control
access however they wanted. I certainly wouldn't subscribe, but maybe my
Dad would. Maybe then they'd start to understand the technical issues, and
start leaving everyone else alone. To some extent, this has happened with CBN and Liberty University (Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell), which have marginalized themselves.
 owner-win95netbugs at lists.stanford.edu
 ftp://ftp.stanford.edu/pub/mailing-lists/win95netbugs/
 gopher://quixote.stanford.edu/1m/win95netbugs

@_date: 1996-01-15 08:25:43
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Respect for privacy != Re: exposure=deterence? 
I find it difficult to equate the actions of a volunteer grand juror
(which is what we were originally discussing before your knee started
jerking so wildly) or IRS auditor with those of Mengele. I am aware that
some so-called libertarian leaders accuse the IRS of crimes against
humanity, but I think they're demagogic idiots. See the non-libertarian
FAQ, at SW does not go after any old Nazi, just those convicted in absentia for enumerated crimes against humanity.
Of course I agree. Actually, at the Bay Area cpunks meeting the question
whether any law that can't logically be enforced is valid was brought up. Examples include the illegality of using credit information more than
eight (?) years old when evaluating a loan, proposed limitations on Web
spiders and Usenet archives, the Swedish laws that are supposed to outlaw
maintaining computerized records with just about any kind of information
about people without a license, and censorship in general.
Where we differ is that I think it's bad taste and bad ethics to invade
anyone's privacy. It's a question of "justifiable force" for me. I believe
just about everyone with any technical understanding who reads this list
has similar ethics. I don't post private email. I don't investigate politicians' home phone
numbers and past relationships. It's just not relevant, unless there's specific probable cause.
The threat of investigation is valid, and has a positive deterrent effect.
But no one should have to live under the assumption that she has no
privacy at all.  owner-win95netbugs at lists.stanford.edu
 ftp://ftp.stanford.edu/pub/mailing-lists/win95netbugs/
 gopher://quixote.stanford.edu/1m/win95netbugs

@_date: 1996-01-15 16:31:42
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Eggs at Customs (fwd) 
And here I thought it was because eggs were a good medium for transporting biotoxins.
I've been hanging out with you conspiracy freaks too much :-)

@_date: 1996-01-15 18:17:39
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Eggs at Customs (fwd) 
For that you must be punished.
Scientifically invalid. Releasing non-native species can really wreck an
ecosystem because of the lack of evolved countermeasures. See kudzu weeds
in the South, or the Mediterranean fruit fly in California, or pigs and
sheep on tropical islands, or humans with big brains and opposable thumbs
anywhere but Africa. The better engineered solution would be to feed the
slash-and-burn farmers some other way. Kind of analogous to an engineer like Paul Kocher taking a hard look at
crypto systems that had only been analyzed by pure mathematicians. You need to feed the sniffers real entropy, not just highly evolved math.

@_date: 1996-01-16 14:03:26
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Respect for privacy != Re: exposure=deterence? 
But government employees should only be held accountable for their actions
as government employees. If the situation warrants, go ahead and tap their
offices, break into their work computers, etc. But don't fuck with their personal lives.
Lots of people on this list have the power to carry out their own tyranny
over both individuals and groups. All it takes in today's fragile online
world is a little specialized knowledge. I don't think it's ethical to use
this power without serious thought. The line between government and non-government is increasingly blurry
anyway. Everybody gets something from the government, be it roads or an
education. Why should you be more suspicious of the guy getting paid
$10/hour to deliver your mail by the government than the private
businessman getting millions of dollars in government subsidies? I think we're fundamentally asking the wrong question. I only see relative
power. I'd estimate that Bill Gates is more powerful than Fidel Castro in
many respects. He's certainly a lot more powerful than your average postal
clerk.  P.S. For the Good of the Order, I'm temporarily ignoring jimbell

@_date: 1996-01-16 14:31:48
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Need confirmation of Win95 password encryption back door 
A Major Media Outlet requires confirmation that Windows 95, to facilitate
its automatic reconnect feature for sleeping laptops and temporary network
outages, caches all network passwords (NetWare, NT, UNIX running Samba,
SLIP/PPP dialup) in unprotected memory in clear text, whether you've
disabled persistent "password caching" to disk and applied the December
14th 128-bit RC4 .PWL patch, or not. There seems to be no way to turn this off.
The idea, of course, is that a simple trojan horse could do whatever it wanted with this information.
We know that this vulnerability exists in Windows for Workgroups, and
Peter wrote a little demo (on hackmsoft page below, without source), but
the APIs appear to have changed in Win95. So, anyone have Win95 and some time to kill, or can anyone recommend a
good DOS/Windows RAM grepper? - -rich at c2.org
  $ Mon Jan 15 22:17:10 PST 1996 $
 $ From llurch at networking.stanford.edu to cypherpunks at toad.com $

@_date: 1996-01-16 14:37:59
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Eggs at Customs (fwd) 
Morality has nothing to do with it. It's the speed of the evolution. If
you walk across the straits, the system has the time to react and restore
a dynamic equilibrium. If you immediately release a new species with no
natural predators, the system is shattered, and it might not survive. This is not to say that ecosystems and societies are static -- they evolve
constantly, displaying unpredictable punctuated equilibrium (Steven J.
Gould was right, Edmund Burke and Karl Marx were wrong).
Usually, the mutations (in biology or politics) are minor, and almost
always, they are localized.
Large-scale catastrophes like a meteor hitting the earth and killing all
the dinosours (or whatever happened), or nuclear war, or whatever, are
larger punctuation than normal. Sometimes the ecosystem recovers,
sometimes a completely new ecosystem forms, sometimes all life but the
cockroaches is wiped out. Politically and morally, I'm a follower of the realist school (Morgenthau
et al). It is right for the US to dominate the world because it has the
most power. On the level of international relations, it doesn't matter how
it got that way; trying to reverse the power realities would be like
trying to dam the Pacific Ocean. Of course, in specific cases in the
present, we can make moral choices, and if we feel like it, we can help
out the present victims of historical "immorality" (like the fact that the
descendants of slaves weren't born into the same inheritance as the
descendants of the Carnegies and Vanderbilts). Sympathy is the wrong emotion for both politics and science, but then,
what you're talking about isn't sympathy. Cute cuddly seals and frieldly dolphins and teddy bears get "sympathy"
among mainstrean "environmentalists," and the Sierra Club and World
Wildlife Federation calendars raise a lot of money, but it's the plants
and bugs and bacteria that are really important. Elephants and blue whales
look big and important to us, but they're really inconsequential in the
larger scheme of biodiversity. They could go extinct and the planet
doesn't really care. But kill the blue-green algae and the trees, and
we're all dead.

@_date: 1996-01-16 17:01:50
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Respect for privacy != Re: exposure=deterence? 
[Apologies to everyone for not just kill-filing this.]
If it's all the same to you, I'd prefer to tell them myself, in context,
in public posts rather than in off-topic redistributed private email. In the last year I've inaccurately been labeled a Nazi, a Communist, a
Maoist, a Jew, an Anti-Semite, a KKK tool, an Anarchist, a Spic-Lover, a
Capitalist Stooge, a Tool of the Ruling Class if not an Oppressor Myself,
and a lawyer. Now I'm a Fucking Statist. Oh well. I defer to your four years' experience
on FIDONet, where you talked to "dozens" of people, who I am sure know
more about alternative political systems than the folks I worked with in
my four years studying Latin American history and political science at
Stanford. For example, Roberta Lajous, international affairs chair of the
Mexican PRI, who is a very intelligent and fair-minded person, but who can
accurately be described as a Fucking Statist, and Rodolfo Stavenhagen, a
Professor at el Colegio de Mexico who spoke at the recent Conference of
Indigenous Peoples called by el Ejercito zapatista de liberacion nacional.
Not to mention the Cubans, Sandinistas, Contras, and Salvadoran liberation
theologists I've known, four of whom were murdered in cold blood at their
seminary, in 1992 I believe. My good friend Istvan Feher lobbed Molotav
cocktails at Russian tanks on his way out of Budapest in 1956, and my last
serious girlfriend was a political refugee from Czechoslovakia who was
studying Soviet politics (you see, I haven't had a serious relationship
for a while). I simply prefer civilization to revolution, and structured ethical
restraint to retaliation. I believe government derives its just powers
from the consent of the governed with the purpose of securing fundamental
rights, and that there are such things as justice, consent, and
fundamental rights such as personal privacy that must not be abridged by
any body, whether defined as a government or not. Since I'm obviously a tool of the government who doesn't deserve privacy,
why not post everything you can find about me? I assure you that you could
find something quite damaging if you tried. I'll even give you hints in
private email if you like. I *double-dare* you.

@_date: 1996-01-16 18:01:48
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Novell & Microsoft Settle Largest BBS Piracy Case Ever 
Hogwash. WINE isn't nearly finished, and DOSEMU won't run a lot. They certainly won't run the newer 32-bit applications that MS wrote to require DDE and other stuff.
Netscape does not give away its browser for free, or at least they don't
intend to. You're supposed to pay for it if you use it for anything other
than educational or non-profit org use (not non-commercial use -- for
personal non-commercial use, you're supposed to pay). Of course this isn't very tightly enforced.
Have you ever tried tech support?
Microsoft has never offered toll-free tech support as a matter of policy. You get a limited amount of support via a toll call to Redmond. Other companies are only a little better.
People still buy software, and a lot of it.
I agree that copyright is dying, or should die, but I am not convinced
that we have a solution.

@_date: 1996-01-18 03:16:14
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Non-bogus reporter seeks sources for story on MS Windows networking/security problems 
Free-lance writer and co-author of "Practical UNIX Security" seeks
substantive reliable sources, preferably for attribution, on the history
of the SMB, C$, and .PWL encryption bugs in both Windows 95 and Windows
for Workgroups, but especially on what problems will remain after next
week's "Service Pack 1." He might drop the story because of a dearth of sources and promises from Microsoft that everything has already been fixed, and will be distributed to the Netless masses via the SP 1 CD (the contents of which are not public knowledge, but which surely went to manufacturing some time ago...).
I don't want to spam his mailbox, but his PGP key is 0x903C9265, with fingerprint 68 06 7B 9A 8C E6 58 3D  6E D8 0E 90 01 C5 DE 01. You might also run into him in person at this week's RSA Data conference in San Please reply directly to the reporter with a subject line starting with "MS*" (assuming that's not too maudlin for you) because he gets a lot of mail. He isn't seeking any more mail on unrelated subjects.
Stuff funnelled through me, especially from anonymous sources, is properly
not considered relibable (though I might appreciate a Cc). Bcc'd to the reporter.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-01-18 06:07:30
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Hack Microsoft Promotion Gets some Press 
Just FYI, and patting everybody on the back. I've tried to deflect the credit, and at least in PC Week I was successful.
January 8th PC Week, Netwired section, only distributed in print I think (which is odd). It mentions c2.org as a "controversial link" on the win95netbugs FAQ, which is odd because nobody has ever complained to me or on the newsgroups about it. But controversy sells, so that's probably a plus anyway.
    (their Web server sucks, though, you might                                   not get through)
InfoWorld, next issue, probably on the cover.
 San Jose Mercury News, probably tomorrow or the next day, not sure whether
it's the main section or the computing/business section.   MERCURY on America "Online"
Simson is rapidly approaching deadline and has frozen his sources, so
please disregard my last about sending anything further to him. I will
accept it and pass it on to anyone who inquires in the future. I think I
was probably too timid by half in not violating anyone's anonymity by even
forwarding notes to Simson and by not spamming Simson's mailbox, but
that's OK, it'll all come out eventually. Watch these spaces for Microsoft's response.
  Three cheers especially for Peter, Frank, and Sameer.
-rich at c2.org
  llurch at networking.stanford.edu

@_date: 1996-01-19 05:46:34
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISY 'cept to Peter et al] Potential Windows hack (fwd) 
Yes, this would seem to be an intriguing new way to intruduce a trojan horse. ---------- Forwarded message ----------
I was messing around with Delphi last night, and for the first time
checked out the help files for creating Windows help. I was surprised to find that a Windows Help file can call functions from
any DLL. Is it just me, or does this seem like a hole big enough to drive a truck
through?

@_date: 1996-01-19 15:09:33
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Code demonstrating Microsoft Windows insecurity on networks (fwd) 
What "anonymous" said (below). I had permission to forward this, but I
figured it might attract more interest if it were "anonymous" to people
who can't read headers. Almost two months after Peter and Frank demonstrated that it was untrue,
and one month and five days after Microsoft "significantly improved"
Windows 95 by providing a patch for the exact same algorithm, Microsoft
this very second still says that the .PWL algorithm as used in Windows for
Workgroups is secure.  This article will also be included on thousands of copies of the February
TechNet CD-ROM. Other Knowledge Base articles have been corrected in less than a day.
Yusuf's statement that my January 16th email is the first that he had
heard of the .PWL problem is both patently ridiculous and directly
contradicted by private email from anonymous sources on this list whom
T. C. May has killfiled. In other news, the international versions of the SMB and C$ bug fixes
exploited by Samba and Paul Brainard were finally posted today (as usual,
they're dated yesterday). So the non-US public shares listed on, for
example,  no longer have to be completely open to everyone
on the Internet. Yusuf Mehdi, the Windows 95 Product Manager, had told me
on November 9th that these internationalized patches would be posted
"within two weeks." No excuse for this two-month delay has been offered. Yusuf also, well, lied on November 9th when he said that Microsoft had
"sent mail to the newsgroups" retracting their statement that the SMB bug was caused by Samba sending "illegal network commands," and clarifying that the patches dated October 20th only work on US/English versions of Windows 95.
The original Microsoft announcement as released to the media and WinNews is at:  gopher://quixote.stanford.edu/0R593020-600291-/win95netbugs
The current version, which contrary to Yusuf's statements on November 9th does not indicate that there has been any change, is at:
 By the way, MSN is going to allow access via TCP/IP soon. Let's make sure
they do it securely. Would you like me to confirm it for WfW?
Actually you can problably do it for Win95 by removing the password file the initial connect.  If Win95 can reconnect with the password file missing,
then the passwords are still in memory.  You'll have to be careful though to
make sure they're not being read from the Windows disk cache, loading Word between killing the connection and trying to reconnect should clear the
password file from the cache.
Given that the descriptor tables are apparently unprotected in Win95 (which pretty incredible), it shouldn't be too hard to get access to all of memory
the background without the user even being aware of it.
Sorry about the delay in getting this to you, as I mentioned before it was on a
machine a fair way away, stuck behind a firewall.  I haven't included all SMTP stuff and whatnot because there's quite a bit of it and it's boring, routines which do all the work are the following...
This is the function called by WNetEnumCachedPasswords() to enumerate each
[*CODE DELETED*]
    /* Record the password information */
[*CODE DELETED*]
    /* Signify that we want to move to the next entry */
[*CODE DELETED*]
This is the function which actually does the enumeration.  The for() loop
defines what resources you want to get passwords for.
[*CODE DELETED*]
    /* Get the proc. address of the password manipulation function */
[*CODE DELETED*]
    /* Enumerate the passwords */
[*CODE DELETED*]
To find out (for example) what disk drive resources you're using:
    /* Check each drive to see if it's a network resource */
    for( driveNo = 2; driveNo < 26; driveNo++ )
        if( GetDriveType( driveNo ) == DRIVE_REMOTE )
            {
            char password[ 100 ], resource[ 100 ];
            char *driveName = "x:";
            WORD passwordLength = 100, resourceLength = 100;
            BYTE resourceNo;
            int i;
            /* Find the name of the network resource for this drive number             *driveName = 'A' + driveNo;
            WNetGetConnection( driveName, resource, &resourceLength );
            }
This code should be modifiable by anyone to get any password for any I'll leave it to you to decide how much to publish, the worry is that if you
publish all of it people will whine about it helping hackers.  Might I something like:
    /* Get the proc. address of the password manipulation function */
    WNetEnumCachedPasswords = ( LPWNETENUMCACHEDPASSWORDS ) \
                                GetProcAddress( WNetGetCaps( 0xFFFF ), \
                                                MAKEINTRESOURCE( ORD_WNETENUMCACHEDPASSWORDS ) );
    if( WNetEnumCachedPasswords == NULL )
        exit( EXIT_FAILURE );
    /* Enumerate the passwords for the resources we want.  This only gets        first password, in practice we'd keep calling        until the enumPasswordProc() tells us (via the returned status) to        then move on to the next resource */
    for( resourceNo = START_RESOURCE; resourceNo <= END_RESOURCE; resourceNo++ )
        status = ( *WNetEnumCachedPasswords )( "", 0, ( BYTE ) resourceNo, \
                                               enumPasswordProc );
This shows how simple it is, but doesn't give people something they can just
cut and paste into their own code to get something which will give them all
passwords.  You may want to include the "find drive resources" code fragment well as an example of how to do this, although it's not really necessary.
Feel free to forward this to whoever you think is appropriate, although it's
probably best not to give the get-any-password capable version to the

@_date: 1996-01-20 07:07:25
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Single computer breaks 40-bit RC4 in under 8 days 
This takes "cracking Netscape security as a new benchmark" to a whole new What does this have to do with Netscape? This is about brute-forcing
40-bit RC4.  While Netscape does deserve flogging with a wet noodle down
to the seventh generation for their initial press response, this singling
out Netscape is annoying me a little. OK, well, in that case.
This assumes, of however, that collecting encrypted communications,
feeding them to the computer with 100% efficiency, electricity, labor,
etc. are completely free. I hope everyone recognizes this as more old news and ICE marketing. In a
fantasy world, the press et al would see this and clamor for the
revocation of ITAR.

@_date: 1996-01-20 10:15:33
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Respect for privacy != Re: exposure=deterence? 
On Fri, 19 Jan 1996, Anonymous (signed We Jurgar Din, allegedly
 Er, yes. And I am. Struggling businessmen are also a lot more common than guys and gals getting paid direct and indirect government money for high-
key terror and murder, of which there's a lot. What's your point?
Governments and religions of all kinds have killed more people than
anything else besides old age and disease. There's no denying that. But
who has more influence over most people's daily lives?
What are the instruments of government, and for what interests is
government an instrument? Isn't it a good tactic to go after lazy or
stupid corporations friendly with the government who are providing poor
tools injurious to personal privacy and security?  [Timed essay, 30
points. Use both sides of the CRT if necessary.  Spelling counts.]
For whatever it's worth, I'm right-handed.
I see you use public key cryptography, which like many good things was
developed at a left-handed university with great respect for academic
freedom. You might try visiting one to see what they're like. No, he's got a sinecure with a common carrier that doesn't mean much. If
you meant that the folks who would intercept your mail if you're
"suspected" are more powerful than Castro, I might agree, but that's not
the Postmaster General. He has no power to order or stop that. I'll certainly grant you that there is a conspiracy and a secret
government (broadly defined), but not everyone paid by the government is
in on it, and not everyone involved is in the government. While I firmly support the right to anonymonity, I find this juxtaposition
ironic. I do hope that you are speaking out on the record as well. Your "Indecent
Garbage" piece, <199601190944.KAA10937 at utopia.hacktic.nl>, was excellent,
but you can't get it published widely unless you're willing to put your
"real life" John Hancock or Patrick Henry on it. Gratuitous use of pseudonymity can be counterproductive. Now nobody's
going to be able to use your "bar-coded garbage" essay without being suspected of being you, which I doubt is what you want.
Is anyone going to quote you in the future, as you quote Patrick Henry?
I helped get Sameer quoted in PC Week and InfoWorld. Not exactly the way
we'd all like, but it does point people who otherwise wouldn't think twice
about crypto and privacy to  My 3 1/2 years in the "cookie cutter" were mostly a study of revolutions
betrayed. First the Bolsheviks and their later rampage through Eastern
Europe (I have a couple of close friends from Budapest, Praha, Bratislava,
and Shanghai), then when that died the Cuban, Sandinista, Contra, Sendero,
and Mexican. The only revolution I can think of that did not *completely* betray its
principles was the American War of Independence, which wasn't really a
revolution at all but a secession from a tyrannical regime. Part of the
reason it did well was that remoteness and bravery led those involved to
stand up for what they believed in. You can only go so far with
subversion. (It also helped that the Colonial goals were very modest. Yet
they still ended up with the Whiskey Rebellion, a great expansion of the
practice of slavery, and the Native American genocide in short order.)
Get yourself a broader education and elevate the culture. Mario Vargas
Llosa, Boris Pasternak, and Milan Kundera would be particularly good for
you. - -rich

@_date: 1996-01-21 04:41:21
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: "whom T. C. May has killfiled" 
I just spent several minutes on a longer response, but on second thought I
think it suffices to say publicly that this was a particularly elliptical
joke, not at Tim's expense, that I retract and apologize for. And I've
received other mail that suggests that my primary assumption was wrong
anyway, about which I'm happy. I hadn't meant to post that paragraph publicly anyway, since it was a
stupid bluff. Oops. I've verified that it didn't go the other places I'd
sent a version of the article. And now back to our regularly scheduled programming...

@_date: 1996-01-21 11:27:34
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Idea for "friendly" Windows password hack 
[Let me say up front that beyond a lot of perl hacking, I've never had
 a need to code my way out of a paper bag, so this is not something I'd
 be able to implement myself, at least not without a month of study.]
OK, so we know how to crack .PWL files, and how any program (virus, trojan
horse, Windows Help file calling a DLL beginning with ASCII 229 so that
virus scanners can't see it) can obtain usernames, passwords, etc. even if
persistent "password caching" to disk has been turned off. How might Microsoft (or someone else) address this without forcing users
to quit all applications and "log out" of Windows to purge the temporary
"password cache" in RAM? I.e., I don't care much about and know I can't
count on the security of my PC as such, and it's really convenient to
leave a zillion Popular Web Browser windows open when I walk out of my
office, but I don't like the idea that anyone might walk up to my PC and
log on as me to the otherwise (more or less) secure servers I use. In thinking about how MacOS PowerTalk deals with this by allowing the user
to "lock" and "unlock" their keychain at will, it occurred to me that
there's no particular reason we should just have to "look, don't touch"
the password cache in RAM. After all, it's our insecure single-user
operating system, and our passwords. Why not provide a way to grab the passwords cached in RAM, encrypt them securely, put them away somewhere, and scramble the original copy of the passwords in RAM so that Microsoft's code can't get to them?
We don't need no steenking user interface. Actually, the first cut at
this wouldn't really need to encrypt them securely, but just deny them to
the OS, and restore them to the OS, on demand. Just a quick demo of how Microsoft can and should resolve this issue would
have people beating down our door, and we'd unambiguously be the good
guys. Because we'd be providing the solution, there would be no further moral qualms about posting full details and full source code.
 owner-win95netbugs at lists.stanford.edu
 ftp://ftp.stanford.edu/pub/mailing-lists/win95netbugs/
 gopher://quixote.stanford.edu/1m/win95netbugs

@_date: 1996-01-21 15:44:22
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Innaresting Fortune article on "Garbage Goodfellas" in NYC 
January 15th Fortune (don't normally read it, but I picked up a free copy)
has a lengthy and evidently well-researched article bylined Richard Behar
on the efforts of BFI, a large regional trash hauler and recycler, to
break into the (by most accounts) Mafia-controlled garbage collection
industry in New York City. Cypherpunk relevance: BFI is cooperating closely with the DA in helping to
prosecute its allegedly mob-affiliated competitors, which raises a lot of
very interesting questions, for which I have yet to formulate any answers.
Also a sidenote about how NYC's disclosure laws actually aid organized
crime by helping the various bosses track who owns what territory. Electronic surveillance. Money laundering. Steganography (sending messages
by way of the disembodied head of a dog). Open access to information and
free-market capitalism versus violent bozos, with and without uniforms.
Pen trumps sword. Rich says check it out.

@_date: 1996-01-21 16:54:51
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: You want to read MY e-mail? 
bdavis at thepoint.net (Brian Davis) shared with the world:
Mostly true. But state governments and state politicians have been naughty
as well. Certain southern governors in the 50's and 60's spring immediately
to mind.
However, I think "an eye for an eye" is the wrong approach in the first
place. There's an opportunity for education here, and progress.
This is clever, but I don't think it works. There is a legitimate public
interest here. Even if there's nothing incriminating in the email messages
themselves, the questions of how much government business is conducted
electronically, and how much non-government business (personal matters,
political fund-raising) is conducted on publicly funded computers on
government time are legitimate.
Pertsonally, I'd be reluctant to peep into every message ever sent on a
government computer -- it's too voyeuristic for my tastes. I'm especially
thinking about that poor staffer who was grilled by the Whitewater Committee
about one use of the word "bastard" in an unrelated email message to a
friend that had been deleted years before. It doesn't seem right to grep
for out-of-context soundbytes. Not that the new book "White House Email"
isn't good for hours of entertainment.
I'd like to see politicians put on official notice that all email on
publicly owned computers is public property, though it would be hard to
draw the line where politicians and political appointees end and the
innocent line employee begins. If the politicians end up using crypto on
government computers, great -- maybe they'd start to "get it." If the
politicians want to open accounts with outside ISPs on their own (or their
political party's) dime, great -- that's what a lot of other people on this
list have had to do. Of course if some politician starts using an outside
account for official business (and only then), then that account becomes
fair game for public disclosure as well. It's a matter of ethics and
Because politicians have not yet been put on official notice that this is
the policy, though, I would not endorse making this policy retroactive and
grepping all their email for dirt, unless the public has something like
probable cause to do so. Next year, sure, it's all public record.
Politicians should be educated that privacy without strong encryption is
illusory anyway. Making a law that the public can't read their email simply
isn't going to work. It's unenforceable. Sure it'll slow down the rate of
public disclosure a bit. Still, some disgruntled ex-employee, or some
Woodward & Bernstein type, or Jim Bell :-), is bound to get through.
Scandals long to be free.
Might play to the right crowd (for example, preaching to the choir here),
but sounds like a non sequitur to me. Not that clever non sequiturs aren't
By the way, I read something about something similar happening in California.
The new Republican Assembly "leadership" was trying to hold the computers of
the previous Democtatic "leadership" in escrow so that they could look for
dirt. Anyone know the outcome of that?
- -rich

@_date: 1996-01-21 23:19:00
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Microsoft to digitally certify other manufacturers' code? 
This is old news, but I don't remember it being brought up. This is
interesting in light of recent discussions regarding the CryptoAPI,
the uncertainty of Microsoft's support for Java (it won't be in
Internet Explorer 3.0, but Visual Basic will), and Microsoft's
Internet Developers' conference scheduled for mid-March.
One of a set of press releases on I thought I remembered seeing an announcement of Microsoft's plans
to license Java there before, but it's not there. I know they've
revised press releases without changing the date before (most notably
the October 20th SMB security bug acknowledgement).

@_date: 1996-01-24 07:07:47
@_author: Rich Graves, Fucking Statist 
@_subject: January 22 Infoworld 
stainles at bga.com (Dwight Brown) kindly shared with the group:
Unfortunately, Petreley's latest article isn't on the Web yet. But it's
worth checking out last midweek's column, if only t see Sameer's name. This
was only posted online.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-01-24 08:10:46
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Kerberos holes (was Re: IPSEC == end of firewalls) 
I keep hearing references to weaknesses in kerberos, which I more or less rely on. What are the problems I should be worrying about? Preferably as Also, we have a new kerberos implementation for Macs that we're going to roll out soon. I'll see if the project manager would be willing to let other people take a look at it.

@_date: 1996-01-24 13:30:25
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: SS Obergruppenfuhrer Zimmermann (NOT!) 
Geez, guys, they didn't even do that.
Some rag said that Nazis used PGP.
Some anonymous guy forwarded, without substantive comment, a report of the
above. The report is true, to a point. Nazis use PGP. So do child pornographers,
anti-Nazis, rapists, women who have been raped and don't care for the
world to know, major US and international corporations, and the US
Military (most of the computer security bulletins I see from .mil are
PGP-signed). I thought the report was totally bogus, and I took Mr. Anonymous's posting
to be a joke -- see, first those silly people who don't understand
anything are attacking the Internet because it's got these dirty pictures
on it, now they say there's Nazis using encryption on it. Was there nobody else who was able to look at that and laugh?
"Wrong" is irrelevant, because it's unenforceable. Right, guys? Don't be such a girlie, Alex.
What we need is amoral deterrence at the most atomistic level, right? Heck, it's the only thing that we know works.
 Fucking Statist

@_date: 1996-01-26 09:44:17
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: "Gentlemen do not read each other's mail" 
Sorta, but not really.
Relying on gentlemanliness to protect privacy is a fallacy.
Assuming that gentlemen run the government (or any other entity with power
over you) can be quite dangerous. Being a gentleman (or a lady, in the classical sense), though, is a Good
Thing. The fact that the well-informed people on this list tend to be good
ladies and gentlemen is a Very Good Thing.
I believe that the choice not to read other people's personal mail is an
ethical imperative, since we do not have and probably can not have total
privacy enforced by technology and law alone. Sure, strong crypto helps,
and should be spread, but there will always be back doors and
implementation bugs, and in the worst case, most people will give in to
moderate torture. It's hard to say what the ethical role of individuals in the government
(or Jim Bell's "assassination politics" organization, which quacks like a
government for me) is. The realist (Morgenthau, Fromkin, Krasner) school
of IR, not to mention Machiavelli, holds that it is an ethical imperative to lie, cheat, and steal to further the national interest.
A diplomat was defined, by whom I don't recall, as "a gentleman sent
abroad to lie for his country."

@_date: 1996-01-26 12:46:13
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: "Gentlemen do not read each other's mail" 
Er, I believe the above was clearly intended to mean "for one government
to read another government's mail." How about:
It is the ethical duty of a responsible government to read other government's mail, absent any treaties or gentlemen's agreements to the It is the ethical duty of a responsible government not to read its own citizens' mail without specific probable cause that a crime has occurred or is imminent.
It is the ethical duty of responsible citizens to read their own
government's mail, to ensure that their government is behaving ethically. The knotty bits concern how much of its own mail the government needs to
disclose, because you can't really disclose it to your own citizens
without effectively disclosing it to the whole world. And how much the government can lie, cheat, and steal in purely international affairs. I'd answer "a lot" to both.
 Fucking Statist

@_date: 1996-01-26 12:58:17
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: PGP in Eudora and other mail programs 
I tried 'em both and found them dog slow and unreliable, like most other
things based on AppleEvents. True command-line piping and DDE work in
UNIX/DOS/Windows, but there's none of that on the Mac. What I've done is
ResEdit key combinations into my software to do wordwrap, then I cut text,
switch to the PGP window, sign or encrypt the clipboard, switch back to
the mail/news window, and paste. MacPGP's "dialog shortcuts" make this
mostly painless. We don't need no steenking automation. Of course this doesn't work for attaching files, but I do that
sufficiently rarely that the minor pain of handling that case manually is
outweighed by the interest of minimizing the gunk in RAM and on the menu
bar.

@_date: 1996-01-26 15:28:17
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: "This post is G-Rated" 
That's funny as hell, and probably justified in this case, but I find it in poor taste, and I hope it doesn't continue too long after the point was made. Has anyone heard of Serdar Argic?
Tim seems to have a selective fascination with the general idea "if a rule
is not enforceable, it's not valid." Applied to crypto, the right to bear arms and biological weapons, censorship, etc.
This is a tautology. By definition, rules are made about things that are
not self-enforcing. That's why you make the rule. That's why some people like societies.
Some rules are good, some are bad. The non-self-enforcing rule that your
kid shouldn't put a finger in a light socket or cross the street without
looking is probably a good rule. The rule against the export of strong
cryptography is generally, and universally on this list, considered to be
a bad rule. Whether the rule is enforceable is irrelevant.
Nobody can really stop you from posting whatever the hell you want wherever you want. The cancelmoose can, according to its own rules and ethics, kill your post; Perry, according to his own set of rules, can complain; the Bavarian government can *try* to ban you; your ISP can cut you off; other ISPs can filter your messages; indviduals can kill-file you. None of these actions can *stop* you.
Only jail time or the death penalty would *stop* you.
The reason society holds is that most people have internalized societal
rules as a personal ethic, and show reasonable taste, most of the time.
Unless some buffoon gives us cause to stomp on soc.culture.german as a
symbol (which N.B. affects not just "those Germans," but gads of K-12 and
college students in all countries using it as a medium for cultural
exchange), then we will honor the purpose of the group and their privacy,
just as we'd prefer that total bozos not post irrelevant drivel to
cypherpunks.

@_date: 1996-01-27 08:41:43
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISY] Printing Microsoft's CryptoAPI .ps 
The problems futplex et al were having are the result of a known
incompatibility between Windows [95] and many print spoolers. You can fix
it like so: Shamelessly lifted from the discussion forum on NetWork World's Web site,  owner-win95netbugs at lists.stanford.edu
 ftp://ftp.stanford.edu/pub/mailing-lists/win95netbugs/
 gopher://quixote.stanford.edu/1m/win95netbugs
 I have a problem when printing to postscript printers spooled from unix hosts. I am running Win95 and FTP Software's
Interdrive 95 (for the lpr client).
The problem is that the printer spits out pages of postscript code rather than the page the code represents. This
happens only when I print over the network. If I plug directly into the printer, everything works fine.
It seems that Microsoft improved the pscript.drv to also send "PJL" code to printers. Thus, the actual postscript is
surrounded by PJL. Redirect a postscript printer to a file and take a look.
Unfortunately, this causes the spooler on the unix host to identify the print job as a plain ascii file, rather than a
postscript file. Other than manually editting every print job and copying it to the printer port, is there a way to
eliminate the PJL and get my networked printers working again?
I have figured out how to excise the offending PJL commands from the postcript output stream. Every printer that is
added to Win 95 puts a unique file into the windows system directory. In my case the file is ibm4039p.spd. This file
seems to be a control file for pscript.drv as well as the customization of the properties dialog for the printer. In my case there are several lines that include the word "PJL": *Protocols: PJL TBCP
*JCLBegin: "<1B>%-12345X at PJL JOB<0A>"
*JCLToPSInterpreter: " ENTER LANGUAGE = Postscript <0A>"
*JCLEnd: "<1B>%-12345X at PJL EOJ <0A><1B>%-12345X"
When I deleted these lines from the .spd file and restarted Win95, the problem was gone. -Bob
Sent through the win9netbugs list. To unsubscribe, send an email message to
majordomo at lists.stanford.edu with "unsubscribe win95netbugs" in the *body*.
Note spelling. URL for FAQ and further info is in each message's X-headers.

@_date: 1996-01-27 10:07:38
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: "Gentlemen do not read each other's mail" 
Yeah, far be it from me to debunk an urban legend, but that's what I read It is true that there is often more going on than meets the eye, but it is
no less true that it's usually not what you imagine. Sure the Brits might have received credible reports that Coventry was going to be bombed, and sure the US might have received credible reports that Pearl Harbor was going to be bombed. But they also received credible reports to the contrary, and decisions were made.
Try working for a newspaper or a hospital some time. You'll hear all sorts
of crazy stories, only a few of which are true. It's hardly obvious which
those are. I'm sure the TLAs get even crazier stuff.
I do not believe that the CIA that failed to find Aldrich Ames and was cut out of Iran/Contra as unreliable is not capable of half the things it has been accused of. There have been a lot of well-documented and acknowledged cases like Operation Success (Guatemala), but the rest is just speculation, or worse, an Oliver Stone movie.

@_date: 1996-01-27 11:02:44
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: weak cryptoanarchy 
I don't think anarchy is the right word anyway. Anarchy is such a clumsy
word, with so many misuses. It's supposed to mean lack of rule, but I don't think most people (even Tim) want to throw away all the rules; they just prefer consensus, balance of power, and self-regulation. Maybe autoarchy or symarchy.
I find the distiction between government and non-government power centers
fallacious. All kinds of associations make rules, which are normally
followed, sometimes punished. The only formal distinction I can think of
is that government bodies are supposed to have a monopoly on the
legitimate use of violence. This distinction is blurring again, and not (just) by the increase of
random violence, which normal folks are afraid of. People are becoming
more civilized, and no longer believe that many of the violent things that
governments used to do habitually are legitimate anymore. Nobody does
ritual sacrifice to the ruler-god-king; few would now endorse locking the
King's estranged wife in a tower, or killing her; fewer and fewer believe
that war is glorious. On the other half of the walnut, non-government power centers now have
powers formerly reserved only to governments. Private security guards
assume some of the role of the police, and corporate espionage and
counter-espionage is getting more and more interesting. "Superstars" in all fields have interesting powers over other people.
We're not seeing a net decrease in the forces impinging on the individual,
but rather a broader distribution, which might even be an increase. Let's call those half-developed ideas my $0.01.

@_date: 1996-01-27 11:50:04
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: "Gentlemen do not read each other's mail" 
I think you've been reading too many tax protester pamphlets without enough fresh air. Try posting the above to misc.taxes or misc.legal and you'll get several detailed responses.
Unfortunately, several will be wrong, because most knowledgeable people are turned off by the drivel, and the .moderated groups will reject postings on subjects that were long ago beaten to death.
Er, yes, and fiat money means inflation. Real value takes real money.
And as a result, there was the 16th Amendment.

@_date: 1996-01-27 12:23:04
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Denning's misleading statements 
I especially enjoyed this sentence: "Individuals would be allowed to
develop their own encryption systems for personal or educational use
without obtaining licenses, though they could not distribute them to
It's unclear whether it's OK to share books, algorithms, and source code; or if it is, what's the point?
Outlaw cryptography, and only cryptographers and outlaws will have

@_date: 1996-01-27 12:35:25
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Why key escrow is good (was Re: FWD: Internet e-mail) 
[I'm sure all the points I'm making are really old news, but the fact
remains that I do not see distributed private key escrow applications, infrastructure, or advocacy, and I think there should be some.]
Of course it will be escrowed. It will probably have other back doors too.
The customers will demand it. Most normal people don't want unescrowed strong cryptography. If they
forget their password, they want a way to get their stuff back. If they
die, they don't want their thoughts to die with them. They don't plan to
commit a major felony or, worse, run for public office, so the prospect
that a government (or someone else) will subpoena or strong-arm the keys
isn't a serious problem. I see no problem with this.
The problem is *government* key escrow, especially *exclusive* government
key escrow, which has none of the recoverability benefits that the average
clueless user would want associated with key escrow. I'd like to see strong crypto that supports distributed key escrow by default (of course there should be a way to turn it off). Give parts of your key to, say, ten people, and require that eight must concur in order to break into your stuff.
I would have few objections to a *properly drafted* law requiring widely
distributed key escrow *for certain applications*. It's certainly bad to
require escrow in two Federal clearing houses, and we'd have to think hard
about requiring that key escrow agencies be licensed and regulated. In
order to intercept my private communications, the government would need to
subpoena the people I trust, not itself. I'd feel secure, and in fact *better* than I feel about unescrowed strong
crypto, if my private stuff could be cracked by either myself in good mind
and body, or a combination of at least eight of: 1. My boss
2. My best friend
3. My parents
4. The FBI (they get *one*, and the reason is to make it tougher for    nasty non-government bodies to strong-arm enough parts of my key)
5. The California Department of State (as above)
6. The Cypherpunk Escrow Agency in Berkeley
7. The Cypherpunk Escrow Agency in the Cayman Islands
8. The corner 7-11
9. Mail-order Escrows-R-Us
10. TRW
Gives a whole new meaning to the term "web of trust." By offering a piece
of your key, you're entrusting a part of your life; and by accepting a
piece of someone's key, you're agreeing to defend it with yours (life or
key, whatever -- presumably you would encrypt the keys you're escrowing in
your own escrowed key, which can be brute-forced in several ways). I'd like to see spring up a whole industry of both mom & pop and
institutional key escrow agents. In a way, it's kinda like those silly
cryogenics people who freeze their heads in the hopes of rising from the
dead. The only way my private thoughts can survive my death, senility, or
a really sharp blow to the head is escrow. And *I* think that at least
some of the things I would normally keep to myself are worth preserving.
Sure the world would survive without them, but we're talking about my ego
here. - -rich

@_date: 1996-01-27 14:17:02
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Anonymous trashing of Assassination Politics 
Where is this opus of yours on the new political order? On Dejanews, I found only people ridiculing you. Searching the Web for Jim Bell, I found only an environmentalist with entirely different delusions of grandeur.
Searching for Klaatu, I found only a bad science fiction movie. And you know that the older cypherpunk archives aren't so well maintained.
Could you please post a URL? I really don't think you need to send the
whole thing to the list again, but such an important innovation in
political theory should certainly be shared with the world. I mean, after years on FidoNet, talking to *a dozen* people who disagree with you, you must have a lot to contribute.
If you don't have a Web or FTP server of your own, I'd be happy to host
it, without comment, and with your PGP signature of course so that no
meanies can mess with your prose. I could even put it on a server with no obvious ties to me.
Surely you would like people to know the way Jim Bell thinks.
Let me know...
- -rich

@_date: 1996-01-27 18:12:19
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Possible Java hack. 
Not at all, it was private only because I wasn't totally sure it wasn't a
stupid question. Which I believe you will find is platform- and even application-dependent.
If you're talking about Windows NT or 95, for example, the winsock.dll used by 16-bit applications caches DNS lookups in the TCP/IP stack itself. I think TTL is listened to.
wsock32.dll, on the other hand, doesn't do central DNS caching. So
applications implement it themselves. I'm not sure that applications even
have an opportunity to see the TTL information in the DNS response. I
doubt there's standard behavior; Netscape, HotJava, and other stuff will
probably time out DNS lookups differently. Real operating systems are probably a bit more standard about what they do with DNS lookups, but I'm sure there's variance.
Still a really interesting idea, though. My first reaction was, well who the hell controls a DNS server and a Web server and is likely to have a piece of Java that you are likely to download? And the answer is, just the kind of person you worry about.
This bait & switch thang can really be generalized to any kind of attack. Of course, it's traceable, since not that many people own or can spoof a
DNS server.

@_date: 1996-01-28 03:50:25
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: "Gentlemen do not read each other's mail" 
I agree. This post was very funny, in the normal sense of the word.
Therefore, to ordain myself Devil's Advocate Being, is it not wrong, in
principle, for us human beings to inquire into the affairs of the humans
claiming the authority of Divine Governmental Beings? Are not the actions
of the Fort Meade Beings a matter for their own personal conscience,
absent any immediate, *direct* impact on us that would justify an
appropriate reaction, be it fight, flight, or encryption? Please assume no
funny theological beliefs in the existence of other Non-Divine Beings, or
sympathy therewith. Of course, on individual principle, I quite agree with you, which is why I
do not believe I could ever become a cleric or even disciple of any odd
religion. I'd really suck as a soldier, too.
However, of Hobbes, Rousseau, Marx, Motesquieu, and Locke, I find Hobbes
the most logical. People just suck, and ethics aren't enough. Karl Marx and Jim Bell talk about the withering away of the government, but what they're really talking about looks like a new and more onerous form of government to me. There is a need for force, and I much prefer a balance of powers to either unified world government or unorganized individual Clearly there is room for maneuver as to how to organize the threat and
use of force, and most people, myself included, do not like the current alignment of forces. We can choose multilateral disarmament, or deterrence. Any time you talk about the organized deterrence of "Bad" behavior,
whether it comes from the NSA or the Cypherpunk Cabal, you're talking
about a system of government.  Fucking Statist

@_date: 1996-01-28 10:57:41
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: This post is rated LTC for `Low Technical Content' 
This just gets ridiculous. It adds a lot of overhead without necessarily giving you good information.
On the Net, there is no longer any real difference between underground and mainstream data. It's all just as easy to get. You can't block it.
You're thinking like engineers. This isn't an engineering problem; it's a social and artistic problem.
Actually, it's two problems: how to censor people, and how to find stuff you're interested in.
Censorship only works if it's dictated and enforced. Ratings don't cut it.
Arbitrary scales can't judge stuff you're interested in. Art cannot be reduced to numberical criteria. A while ago, and maybe it's still going on, the MIT media lab had an interesting music rating service. The way it worked was, you submitted stuff you liked, lots of other people submitted stuff they liked, and the computer generated a list of stuff that you might like based on apparent matches among different people's tastes.
The model to emulate is a computer dating service, not a library.

@_date: 1996-01-28 18:32:23
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: NWLibs> Re: Anonymous trashing of Assassination Politics 
You know, I'm not really sure whether you're kidding, ignorant, cheering, or warning. Frankly, I don't fucking care. You guys are all nuts. And I should know -- ask Clark or AlanD.
I don't think this belongs in cypherpunks. I'll spam my response to the
other lists. I have saved Jim Bell's "Assassination Politics" essay, with his PGP signature, and soon to be a lot of other things, at  I plan to collect as many off-the-wall conspiracy theories in this directory as will fit in my disk quota. And when I run out of quota, I'll raise it for myself.
A pox on all your houses.
I think it's time the wacky right and wacky left started looking at each
other's Web pages and lurking on each others' lists. It's really funny
putting two "Anarchist" pages, one featuring Che Guevara, the other
featuring David Duke, side by side. Both say the guvment is out to get
them; they often have diametrically opposed interpretations of the same facts. I shall endeavor to facilitate an exchange. - -rich
Oh, goodie. I don't suppose that's enough power to reach down here? I already listen to KPFB and a couple of Patriot stations on the shortwave.
Woo woo!
- -rich

@_date: 1996-01-29 02:44:10
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [rant] A thought on filters and the V-Chip 
While it's hard to find a general theme here, I think I disagree. Anyway, I don't think that even truly voluntary content selection is a good idea, because it reduces art to numbers, which is wrong.
Rating the amount of sexual content tells you nothing when comparing D.H. Lawrence, the Marquis de Sade, Showgirls, and Playboy.
Rating the amount of violence tells you nothing when comparing All Quiet on the Western Front, Repo Man, Faces of Death, and Platoon.
Rating the amount of political content tells you nothing when comparing JFK and The Green Berets.
Rating the amount of religious content tells you nothing when comparing Jesus Christ Superstar, The Last Temptation of Christ, and The Argument.
You shouldn't try to engineer art.
Classification systems lead to a balkanization that diminishes the common
culture. I think it was good the way network TV was limited to the lowest
common denominator, but with variety. People who wanted something with a
little more flavor than WonderBread [tm] were able to find it, but they
did have to look, which often involved *meeting other people* with common
interests, and they still tuned in to Ed Sullivan to see what the Joneses
were watching. Give people 1024 bits' worth of channels to choose from,
classified by arbitrary criteria involving no human contact, and you get
something entirely different. I'm not sure what's happening now, but I
don't think I like it.

@_date: 1996-01-30 08:19:16
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: "German service cuts Net access" (to Santa Cruz) 
There was a lively debate in feminist/legal circles a while back about
introducing "the reasonable woman standard," "the reasonable gay man
standard," etc. into the legal currency. The movement intended to make
"date rape" and sexual harassment easier to prosecute. I didn't keep up
with it, but I'm sure the relevant papers are still being cited. I doubt and hope that no court ever took the argument seriously.
My personal rules are:
1. I have the right to get offended however often I want. It's a lot
   healthier than desensitization.
2. I have the right to respond however I want, as long as it's legal and    ethical.
3. I do not have the right to tell someone else not to be offended.
4. I do not have the right to control another's actions, much less words
   or thoughts, merely because I find them offensive.

@_date: 1996-01-30 08:41:51
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Escrowing Viewing and Reading Habits with the Governmen 
I think it was mid-late 80's, actually. I remember reading about it in the
LA Times and Newsweek. I'm sure I could dig up a dozen references in Nexis
if you want. The proposal was not to monitor all or political literature, which was
more obviously protected by the First Amendment, but rather technical
literature on certain subjects, such as supercomputers, nuclear physics,
toxicology, and of course (relevance) cryptography. The FBI specifically
wanted to know who was reading Applied Cryptography.

@_date: 1996-01-30 20:02:33
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: "German service cuts Net access" (to Santa Cruz) 
Simple. It's been done.
We will organize reasonable mirrors of any site not involved in overt
law-breaking that is actively blocked by any "Major Indistrial Democracy." I don't think I'm quite ready to take on Cuba, China, North Korea, etc. Disk space and bandwidth are increasingly cheap these days.
Go ahead. Make my day. You want to firewall every educational and
non-profit organization in what's left of the free world?

@_date: 1996-01-31 07:04:53
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: The Big Lie 
It is a tool that can and should be countered. Which has some crypto Actually, Zinn's book was the textbook for AP US History in my public high
school. Of course the teacher in question, an avowed socialist, has always
been controversial, and my parents urged me not to take AP US History for
that reason. Very much agreed. What we need is an offshore data haven to archive every
public lie spoken by these folks. I've heard back from Zundel, and I will be mirroring his site, partly for
the reasons above. The people who run Nizkor are very much in favor of the
mirror, and plan to link to it. The Wiesenthal Center has no comment.
Nizkor and the Wiesenthal Center tend not to comment on each other,
either.

@_date: 1996-01-31 09:09:48
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: [FACTS] Germany, or "Oh no not again" 
Yeah -- the intent was to stop the undesirables from kidnapping the pure white wimmin. Hasn't been used for years, if not decades.
It's about as close as you can get, though.
The US is the battleground because it has the power to impose its will on the rest of the world. Crypto controls in the US effectively mean crypto controls on common software worldwide.

@_date: 1996-01-31 15:25:58
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISY] Your own Zundelsite in five minutes or less 
No. They seem to be trying to pretend that the mirror sites don't exist.
They did recently get the universities that weren't served by DT to block This has all been done. First Declan sent an open letter to DT, then a half dozen white supremacist groups sent similar "demands."
I think it's reasonable to wait a day for their response. At the moment, there is effectively no censorship.
Here I have trouble with the word "we," and what we're trying to accomplish. Censorship has clearly lost. Germany is simply not going to block stanford.edu, cmu.edu, mit.edu, upenn.edu, aol.com, and so on, not to mention AFS.
I do not believe that the battle to get people to read and care about Zundel himself is ours.
I'm happy to wait a day or two for the routes to webcom.com to be
restored. If after two days they haven't been, then it's time to press again. I do not want to allow the Nazis to associate themselves with "us." Please see article  for a little on what they're trying to claim credit for. Note they are calling for mirror sites nearly three days after they popped up, with no involvement on their part whatsoever.
I ain't no part of no Aryan Vanguard. I say proclaim victory now.

@_date: 1996-01-31 16:45:39
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Opinion piece in NYT; responses needed 
No, it is the truth. The fact is that DT has gone and intentionally broken
*all* routes to webcom.com -- the SJ Merc said 129,000. But the point is moot. Try:
Is DT going to block every machine in stanford.edu, cmu.edu, mit.edu, uiuc.edu, harvard.edu, berkeley.edu, and so on?
Or from any machine with access to AFS, which includes thousands of academic and a few corporate machines in Germany, the following file system paths will work. With a simple symbolic link, any machine with AFS can become a mirror site.
Is DT going to block TCP port 80 and UDP ports 7000-7029 from every
machine in the world?

@_date: 1996-01-31 16:55:46
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Java Sniffer (Was: Re: FV Announces That The Sky Is Falling) 
Hmm. Actually, what do Java dialog prompts look like? Is there any
indication that they come from Java, or can they be made to look like any
dialog from any program, or the OS itself? I suppose this is
implementation-dependent. One "neat" trick would be an applet that sleeps for several minutes and then suddenly pops up asking for your system password, or something. A heck of a lot of people fell for something much more primitive at AOL.

@_date: 1996-01-31 17:08:20
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Handy WWW anonymizer proxy *and* translator! 
Not only does it prevent the nasties from logging where you're coming from, but it also translates to Canadian on the fly, eh?
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Newgroups: alt.revisionism, alt.politics.white-power,
    alt.internet.media-coverage, alt.censorship, comp.org.eff.talk,
    soc.culture.german
It will be interesting to see if they do.  At first, I refused to believe
that they would do it to WebCom.
I just thought I'd mention another technique for dealing with this problem.
It doesn't require dedicating disk space to specific sites; instead, it
relays through to any site you specify.
For an example, see "The Great Web Canadianizer" at
To thwart censorship of specific sites, people who have a bit of bandwidth
to spare could set up cgi scripts like this one (without the text modification
the Canadianizer does -- that's its hack).  (Zundel's stuff is no less
offensive after the Canadianizer adds a bunch of "eh?"s and "hosers" and
changes all the "-ing"s to "-in'".)

@_date: 1996-02-01 04:50:30
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE] Your own Zundelsite in five minutes or less 
This doesn't tell the whole truth.
The "free world" mirrors are at Stanford, CMU, MIT, and Penn. The growth
path for these is my request to Zundel -> Zundel's drone Marc -> my site
-> Declan's most excellent evangelization -> everyone else. We believe
that this "revisionism" is crap, but don't think censorship is so cool,
either. The partial UT and AOL mirrors are run by white supremacists who actually believe this shit, and who are trying to claim credit for the whole idea, which among other things I find a little dishonest. I believe their direct source is Marc or Ingrid.
I think this no longer has any cypherpunk relevance. Censorship lost, end
of story; the only question is how quickly "they" will admit it. See
Declan's or my pages, or email me for the early history from my POV. Apparently Declan has been posting on this in the Well forums since December as well.

@_date: 1996-02-01 07:55:42
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISY] Your own Zundelsite in five minutes or less 
[Actually this is getting relevant again, Perry]
Absitively, posilutely yes.
But it's going to be a political/bureaucratic decision made by people
without Net access or knowledge, which means it will take time. I don't think any more provocation is necessary. Right now, the press even in Germany is inclined to see us as the good guys. Every reader of alt.censorship, soc.culture.german. alt.revisionism, and a number of other groups has known how to access Zundel's writings from inside Germany for two days. I submit that no further penetration is necessary.
But Zundel and other Nazis now quote this too, which I find rather
offensive.  It's a battle over who owns the symbols, in part. OK, probably
nobody should own symbols or rhetorical devices. No, it's much worse.
They are calling on their followers to establish "censorship-free zones"
at major universities. They don't even acknowledge that this was done days
ago. And they know --- one of the guys who is now calling for mirror sites, and totally shunning me, is the person who uploaded Zundel's files to my server.
They are calling major newspapers in several countries, and Time Magazine, proclaiming their "censorship-free zone" strategy.
They are more organized and media-savvy than I am. They are professional liars; "we" are not.
I do not expect these news outlets to bother to, or know how to, check
whether mirror sites had already popped up before these "demands." I do
not expect these news outlets to find out and publicize the fact that it was a couple of cypherpunks who detest Mr. Zundel who came up with the idea the afternoon of January 27th, and handed it to Zundel the next day.

@_date: 1996-07-02 17:42:36
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Notes from SAFE meeting 
But he was entertaining.
Specifically, he said "They said they had the power to harass us in ways
that could not be traced." Conspiracy hounds feel free to have a field day
with that one... This seems to be the best argument for the masses. Tod L... from Wired and
VTW felt the need to made some disparaging cracks about libertarian rants,
as he distinguished them from the rational commentary.
Craig-somebody from Microsoft had earlier made an excellent point about the
insurability of zero-asset escrow agencies. Would you give your key to this
(Yes, I did find that funny coming from a Microsoft employee.)
Of course, that kind of suicidally dumb criminal tends to do the most
damage. Key escrow wouldn't help because it's too slow.

@_date: 1996-07-02 17:51:30
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Info on alleged new German digital wiretapping law? 
None of the Europeans I ran into at today's SAFE conference had even heard
of the legislation decried at
 and in alt.fan.ernst-zundel. What's up?
- -rich
  send mail with subject line "send pgp key" for my key or "911" to page me

@_date: 1996-07-02 19:12:45
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Message pools _are_ in use today! 
So, download every message, all the time, and junk posts that don't interest
you offline.
You betray yourself as an Evil Anonymous Communicator, but somehow I think
they might already know. You give no information about which messages you're
actually interested in unless your local workstation is compromised.
This is true. You'd have to generate white noise, again betraying yourself,
but only in general. "They" would need to track every message. To make it
more interesting, encrypt a bunch of messages for bogus PGP keys created for
the purpose.

@_date: 1996-07-03 07:27:51
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: SAFE Forum 
In case it's not clear, this was said with much sarcasm... i.e., today's FBI
is too often engaged in other pursuits. This in the context of explaining
that ubiquitous strong crypto is the best defense against computer crime.

@_date: 1996-07-03 09:21:33
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: hard drive encryption 
Joel's book is not to be missed, but for the single-use application you
describe, a screwdriver and a trip to a safe deposit box (or a friend's
house) might be more appropriate...

@_date: 1996-07-03 10:33:22
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: PROMISe them anything (was Re: whitehouse dossier database?) 
No, for the full story, look at:
 I always thought this was a self-parody, like "50 Greatest Conspiracies of
All Time." Looking through back issues again, I concede that he might be
doing it on purpose. Which is an entirely different thing than saying he
believes it.
Shh. Never let the truth get in the way of a good rant.

@_date: 1996-07-03 16:18:53
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: SAFE Forum--some comments 
A good toy to share might be CryptaPix, an image viewer with integrated
crypto, as seen on comp.os.ms-windows.announce on 5/24.

@_date: 1996-07-03 16:20:00
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Message pools _are_ in use today! 
You could also read alt.anonymous.messages by pointing The Anonymizer at
AltaVista. Their news feed expires pretty quick, but it's probably just as
fast and reliable as yours, if not better.

@_date: 1996-07-03 17:01:42
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Info on alleged new German digital wiretapping law? 
We 'merkins were probably just a little more aware.
So what's the prospect for implementation? The claim is that law enforcement
is supposed to have a back door to every computer system. Are we talking
about escrow of root passwords, or what? That's the bit I found loony, given
what I've heard (from you and others) about the generally semi-clueful
technology and telecoms ministries. Is it THAT bad?

@_date: 1996-07-03 17:08:01
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Lack of PGP signatures 
"Me too," though I recently created a 512-bit key just for the purpose of
such insecure signing. As long as people understand that that key simply
means "this is either me, or someone who has gone to the trouble of cracking
root here, or someone who spent a couple weeks brute-forcing this key," it's
useful to prevent casual attacks.
Several others are doing the same thing... I know all the NoCeM posters and
most of the newsgroup moderators using PGPMoose have created suuch secondary
- -rich
 finger or send mail with subject line "send pgp key" if you want 'em

@_date: 1996-07-03 17:11:02
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: LE Risks with No Crypto 
I keep hearing suggestions like this, but I don't think they'd work. If you
needed a digital key to grok phone records, then that digital key would be
passed around just as casually as the current passwords. Any organization
that large, where 99% of the information is banal and uninteresting 99% of
the time, cannot keep secrets. It's unreasonable to expect them to. It
doesn't make business sense to promise security, because when they fail to
deliver, as they can't, they'll get their ass sued.
I recently had a practical joker call up all the magazines to which I was
subscribed and change my address to that of the local hospital, where these
practical jokers were suggesting they'd like to send me. There is no
security against this kind of attack, because it's just not in most people's
threat profile. This kind of thing is annoying, but it can't be helped. Adding a reasonable level of security to such an insignificant system would
increase the cost of that system by several orders of magnitde. It's just
not worth it.
In the unicorn of Color's relative absence, it falls on me to stress that
you can't trust organizations to protect your privacy. If you need to
participate in an insecure system, and everybody does, use cash, and use
psedonyms. This is true.

@_date: 1996-07-04 10:28:35
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Info on alleged new German digital wiretapping law? 
Sounds like US and Swedish law. What's the phase-in period?
Sounds like a market opportunity.

@_date: 1996-07-04 10:55:32
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: SAFE forum -- remarks of Herb Lin 
OK, sorry, my reading.  I'd certainly hate to jeopardize any professional
relationships by implying that you'd been poking fun at them on purpose. There's already far too much distrust to go around. As I recall, the sequence went "Crime prevention ought to be part of the
FBI's mission [audience snickers, Herb realizes what he just said and
smiles]... and it is -- ask them, and they acknowledge that." The best standup comics are the genuine straight men, I guess. To avoid any
trouble, I'll be using that line *without* specific attribution from now on.

@_date: 1996-07-04 11:18:15
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Lack of PGP signatures 
On the other extreme, but with the same conclusion, some of us work in
ubiquitous distributed computing environments. I simply don't have a "home"
PC; I can sit down and work on any of 20,000 computers on campus with equal
ease. Most of the time, I log on encrypted, but strong encryption is
unavailable for some services I need to use to do my job.

@_date: 1996-07-04 11:20:22
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Lack of PGP signatures 
And then there's the part about it being ugly as sin for people with
non-crypto-aware clients, and a performance hit for people with clients that
are crypto-aware.

@_date: 1996-07-05 11:29:23
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: What remains to be done. 
The URL would still be visible in your ISP's http log and, in som cases, to
other users of the ISP. You'd have to cont on low traffic and little
interest from other users in your ISP from browsing the world-readable bits
of your home directory.
A case of an ISP closing someone's account because of an objection to an
unliked gif was sent to Declan's fight-censorship list a few days ago.

@_date: 1996-07-05 13:17:47
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Philly Inquirer: More old, conterfactual "Hate on the Net" "news" 
This is fucking amazing. In the last month, the two most well-known young
neo-Nazi activists on the net, having been exposed to a true diversity of
opinion and true free speech on the Internet, repudiated their former
beliefs (I'm buying one of them a beer next week); the most well-known
neo-Nazi propagandist on the net, frustrated by having her daily newsletter
posted publicly to Usenet, lashes out at DejaNews for building a case
against her (she knows her own words are her best refutation); and serious
attempts by neo-Nazis to rmgroup and vertical-spam two newsgroups where
neo-Nazi movements are discussed and refuted failed without a single
spam-cancel or account closure that could be mischaracterized as
"censorship." And yet Reid comes out with the old Horsemen fear-mongering about "Hate on
the Net." He even quotes an old piece from *former* net.nazi Milton Kleim
WHICH MILTON NO LONGER SUPPORTS.
The Dreaded Nazi Threat to the Net is in disarray, and the totally
discredited and impotent kook Don Black (the man who would be king of the
island of Dominica, but his coup failed) gets a front-page story in the
Philadelphia Inqirer to sneer at America on July 4th. Unbelievable. No
wonder Don was happy to send the full text of the article, below, to his
ever-shrinking pool of supporters (and others) on his Stormfront mailing
list (send "archive stormfront-l" in the body of a message to
listserv at stormfront.org if you'd like to browse the last 100 messages, half
of which talk about the recent breakdown in "the movement"). It seems they're determined to beat on the Four Horsemen even when
it's patently obvious that they're dead. Reid Kanaley's email address is rkanaley at voicenet.com, but it seems he's
only interested in talking to "experts" who are way, way out of touch with
current events.  censor internet now!  boycott fadetoblack! ---------- Forwarded message ----------
Happy Independence Day!  --Don
                                                               Page One
                                                 Thursday, July 4, 1996
                Hate groups reaching vast Internet audience
They are reaching a vast audience. Some Web sites are ``very, very slick
                             says an observer.
                              By Reid Kanaley
                           INQUIRER STAFF WRITER
Don Black, who was once national director of the Knights of the Ku Klux
Klan and now runs a site on the World Wide Web called Stormfront,
recognized early that the Internet was the place to be.
``The potential of the Net for organizations and for movements such as
ours is enormous,'' Black, 42, of West Palm Beach, Fla., said in an
interview. ``We're reaching tens of thousands of people who never before
have had access to our point of view.''
Those who monitor the activities of extremists such as right-wing
militias, neo-Nazis, Holocaust-denial groups and others agree that the
Internet is proving irresistible to those organizations for
communication, propaganda and recruitment.
In a written response to an interview request e-mailed to Minuteman
Press Online, a militia-oriented Web site, someone identified as R.A.
Mann declined to be interviewed yesterday, but added:
``Militias use the Internet in the same way other groups do: data
verification, urgent updates, tips on everything, legislation overviews,
Begun in the late 1980s as an electronic bulletin board for the
so-called ``white nationalist'' movement, Stormfront was moved by Black
to the Web in March 1995. The site is decorated with German-gothic text,
white-pride graphics, and letters urging African Americans to thank
whites for slavery.
``At the time of the Oklahoma City bombing [ in April 1995 ] , maybe two
or three racist groups had Web pages,'' said Rick Eaton, senior
researcher at the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Los Angeles. ``There are
now dozens, if not over 100 outright racist Web pages. There's a lot of
new players that we never saw before, and most importantly there is a
sense of communication and instant gratification -- that they're not
And many of their online efforts amount to ``very sophisticated
advertisements for their groups,'' said Paul V. Fleming, a mass
communications graduate student at Oklahoma State University, who has
co-authored a research paper on Internet hate speech. ``Some of these
sites are just very, very slick,'' with good graphics and downloadable
``hate music,'' Fleming said.
Several watchdog groups, including the Anti-Defamation League and the
Wiesenthal Center, are attempting to closely monitor hate speech on the
The Wiesenthal Center, Eaton said, now focuses up to 80 percent of its
research activity on the worldwide linkage of computer networks where
cheap, unfettered and often anonymous global discourse points up both
the blessings and curses of free speech.
Black said he oversees an e-mail discussion group with 380 subscribers
and an electronic mailing list for 1,200 people. But since March of 1995
he says his web site has been visited by thousands more.
``What we've done is begin to break that monopoly'' of the mainstream
media, said Black. ``Anyone, of course, can set up a Web page, and in
our case we've been pretty successful at it as far as the traffic we've
``Up to now, you had a guy like Don Black . . . sitting there and
basically playing at being a Nazi when the lights are out. Now all of a
sudden there is a double sense of empowerment: Their message,
theoretically, gets out to hundreds of thousands or millions of people .
. . and they're in touch with each other instantaneously,'' said Mark
Weitzman, director of the Wiesenthal Center's Task Force Against Hate.
Groups serious about using violence are not likely to be using the
relatively insecure Internet to communicate, several experts said. Eaton
said he had not previously heard the names of any of those arrested this
week as part of an alleged plot by the Viper Militia in Arizona to bomb
buildings in Phoenix.
Were the Vipers on the Internet? ``Nope, I can't find 'em,'' said
Richard Bash of Portland, Oregon, who maintains an electronic mailing
list for the academic discussion of terrorism, and is writing a doctoral
dissertation about militias.
Most extremist-group members are ``blowhards'' who migrated from such
innocuous activities as ``bowling leagues.'' Rarely, he said, do they
pose a threat to society.
Weitzman said, however, that increasing electronic communication among
these extremists could be inspiring more to violence. ``With the arrests
in Arizona, you see more people willing to go to the extreme,'' he said.
``As the communications increase between them, there is a sense: We have
this link, we can start doing something about society.''
He said impressionable young people are the propaganda targets of many
extremist groups. ``They see the Internet as an incredible recruiting
tool. It is wide open for kids and, essentially, the younger the better,
because they can get them before they develop all the intellectual
resources to combat what they're saying,'' Weitzman said.
``Organizations have recruited through Stormfront, and through their Web
pages that we've linked to,'' said Black.
Some experts say that the nature of the Internet makes it difficult to
stumble upon extremist material without looking for it. But Eaton
contests that.
He pointed out that a Web search for the term ``Talmud'' on the Infoseek
service turns up a page from Stormfront titled ``The Talmud: Judaism's
holiest book documented and exposed,'' in the top 10 of 353 references.
In another search, the first and third of 415 references found for the
word, ``Auschwitz,'' were links to the Web site of an organization that
denies the Holocaust took place.
And an online essay by white supremacist Milton Kleim Jr., 25, of
Roseville, Minn., urges a campaign by ``cyber guerrillas'' to
proselytize in the Internet discussion groups called Usenet news groups:
``Usenet offers enormous opportunity for the Aryan Resistance to
disseminate our message to the unaware and the ignorant . . . We MUST
move out beyond our present domain, and take up positions on
`mainstream' groups.''
In his paper titled ``An Examination of Hate Speech, Censorship and the
First Amendment on the Internet,'' presented in March to a Las Vegas
conference on American popular culture, Fleming and co-author Torey
Lightcap said, ``The Internet is accused of not only giving hate groups
an uncontrolled platform but also legitimizing them.''
But the paper concludes that ``like the non-electronic world, citizens
of cyberspace will probably have to live with hate speech as one of its
liabilities in order to enjoy the wide range of benefits the Internet
Cyberspace libertarians severely criticized the Wiesenthal Center
earlier this year when it sent thousands of letters to Internet service
providers asking them to deny Web space to hate groups. Eaton said he
was disappointed that barely a score of providers responded.
``We would like to see providers say, `This stuff is crap, and we're not
going to put it on,''' he said.

@_date: 1996-07-05 18:46:43
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Net and Terrorism. 
Middle of the roaders? Some road. :-) I get your drift, and I'm behind you,
but I think you're deluding youurself if you think you're anywhere near the
mainstream. Most people aren't that intelligent.
Yeah, I'm sure some good people like we'all joined the militia, but I'm
worried about the losers and loons like the "Vipers Militia." When the
barely literate who can't hold a job at a donut shop are convinced that it's
*K00L* to play with guns and bombs and prepare to fight The New World Order,
we have a problem. Even the very few real Nazis (as opposed to everybody the
SWC thinks are Nazis) are worried about the proportion of unstable loons in
their midst. There are good people in that racket who don't want to see
people hurt; I'm happy to have made some friends.
Of course you're right, much of the blame for that problem lies with the
stoopid gubmint that lacks a proper regard for the Bill of Rights, not to
mention a Sense of Huumor. Absent the fearmongering, the Viperweenies would
have turned to something else antisocial, buut they wouldn't have had a
"movement" to cling to. (Or maybe they would have... in another era, they
would have joined up with the Weathermen or the Symbionese Liberation Army.)
Fortunately, and despite what, say, the SWC says in its fundraising
materials, the middle of the road among the militias isn't that kooky. Bo
Gritz and the leaders of the Michigan Militia were heard calling the Freemen
a bunch of lying scum; I've observed more mainstream (if that's the word) militiafolk distancing themselves from the Viperweenies both online and on
I'm sure it's a blind trust.
Absolutely, on both sides of that walnut.
Government or whomever...
Since the two muslims who used to give a shit about this list seem to have
left in disgust, I suppose I should register my "That ain't representative
of Islam, any more than Pete Peters is representative of Christianity or
Lenin is representative of atheism." I think this falls under the category
of "the more you inflate a nonexistent problem, the bigger it gets." Yes
there is an unusually high proportion of loons in charge of movements that
call themselves Islamic Fundamentalist, but do you really think it's in your
interest to talk like, well, a bigot and turn the rest of the muslims
against you? - -rich

@_date: 1996-07-05 20:40:36
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Net and Terrorism. 
The issue here is that terroristic actions *are* propaganda. Does every
idiot with a bomb deserve to be really big news? Anyway, I don't think Vinnie was suggesting that the news be censored --
just that the press doesn't have an obligation to print the obituary the
"martyrs" want. There's a spectrum from "the popular front for the
liberation of kooks, which believed blah blah blah because blah blah blah,
just blew up a building" to "some kook just blew up a building." The latter
is usually sufficient. If I care about the kooks, I can look them up, but
I don't think the fact that they blew up a building gives them the right to
propagandize the front page of my newspaper.

@_date: 1996-07-06 08:50:48
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Net and Terrorism. 
Er, they have that. It's just that most people don't give a shit for their
kind of nonsense, so they don't listen, so the kooks turn to bombings as PR
stunts. Nobody would have read the UnaSpew if Uncle Ted hadn't bombed a few
people. Nobody is going to listen to Jim Bell until you claim credit for
killing some people.

@_date: 1996-07-07 09:42:40
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: CCC Crypto Lock 
Gee. Next you'll be telling us that the US Congress isn't always sensitive
to libertarian issues.

@_date: 1996-07-12 11:39:09
@_author: Richard Charles Graves 
@_subject: Irony on strong encryption in Australia 
The Australian Broadcasting Authority's report on Internet regulation issues
recommends that ISPs be required to support unescrowed strong encryption for
their users' privacy and security.
Electronic Frontiers Australia is opposed to this idea because it puts too
much of a burden on the ISP.

@_date: 1996-07-16 21:41:58
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: d.Comm: Your Login Information 
Hmm. I thought I'd set that up long ago.
Excellent site, btw, though their editorial slant isn't always to the
cypherpunk's advantage.

@_date: 1996-07-18 12:31:37
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Netscape download requirements 
It's there, but it's subtle (they must be polite, you know). Read the
download FAQ closely, especially the  anchor.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-07-18 16:28:21
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: FTP SW to support PGP in OnNet 
Seems the demise of PGP in favor of S/MIME has been somewhat exaggerated.
Blurb in this week's InfoWorld led me to
It would be a mistake, though, to say that they have a clue:
  E-mail compatibility
     Most e-mail systems can send and receive only plain text (technically,
     7-bit ASCII characters). So PGP converts the encrypted information
     (which is 8-bit) into plain ASCII text using the radix-64 algorithm.
     This has a side effect that enhances security even when you don't use
     encryption. If you merely add authentication to the message, radix-64
     still converts the whole message using its own algorithm. The resulting
     message -- even though it's not securely encrypted -- looks garbled to
     the casual snoop.
- -rich
 censor the internet!  boycott fadetoblack!

@_date: 1996-07-20 14:21:58
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Netscape 
[on hacktic]
And thus it begins... I think it's a bad idea to provoke the TLAs like this,
but I suppose it's inevitable. (But doesn't anyone use Macs or Suns?)
Fight for the spin: "Since Netscape isn't allowed to sell its software
overseas, people are going to pirate it, thereby losing the US o' A both
technology and money." Why would you want one when the source for Apache-SSL is available? Besides,
it's a Serious Copyright Violation, said with minimal irony. This whole
thing isn't Netscape's fault; in fact, they're doing their best to be the
good guys. - -rich

@_date: 1996-07-21 16:41:12
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Netscape 
So do it. None of this anonymous bullshit, or trying to drag Netscape into
it. I'd donate whatever I could to a Cypherpunk Legal Defense Fund. We only need
one volunteer with a lot of time on his/her hands. - -rich

@_date: 1996-07-25 10:02:20
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: FTP Software Licenses Pretty Good Privacy 07/23/96 
Yes, this was in InfoWorld a couple weeks ago. But...
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
This is news. I'd asked for clarification of this point, but I guess
everybody killfiled me. Oh well.
- -rich
 [blue-ribbon disclaimer: it's called sarcasm, son, SARCASM]
 censor the internet!  boycott fadetoblack!

@_date: 1996-07-26 20:20:10
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Princeton University muzzles students 
This instrumentalist conspiracy theory is a bit of a leap beyond the facts. They were spammed. The content of the spam was political. They responded
quite stupidly. There is no evidence that they were looking for "an excuse
to muzzle their students." They should "clarify" the policy, which everyone who would be expected to
enforce it opposes, within two weeks. Commercial speech might take longer.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-07-27 07:45:49
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: CandleWeb V1.1 - Web client, "secure E interpreter" 
I doubt this is going to become a mass-market phenomenon, but some people
seemed to be interested in E.

@_date: 1996-06-03 11:55:42
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: WSJ on "IRS-bashing" 
One of these days I must meet this person that shares my name. I've never
seen him or her post to cypherpunks.
Duncan Frissell's message had some good points, but I get the odd sense
that he thought he was disagreeing with me.
Taken to private email again.

@_date: 1996-06-04 15:19:33
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE] rec.music.white-power failed 592:33033 FYI 
The official result, including the votetaker's explanation for the
extraordinary delay (which makes interesting reading), is in
news.announce.newgroups, Message-ID <833851386.24895 at uunet.uu.net>. Or for
people who only use Netscape:   at msg at news%2egroups
 news:833851386.24895 at uunet.uu.net
While I think I was one of the people presenting legitimate reasons for
voting no (as opposed to all the "VOTE NO ON NAZIS!" -- see news.groups
archives), I'm actually disappointed that there were only 592 yes votes. I'd
have expected more than the estimated 400 anti-censorship and spam-annoyance
reactions. I would urge people NOT to download the 3MB list of votes, as I haven't,
because the vast majority of voters had no clue what they were voting on. The majority probably thought it was a secret ballot. The poor votetaker definitely deserves a medal, but PLEASE don't send him
appreciative mail;  he's getting far too much already. Sent separately to fight-censorship and cypherpunks. Followup discussion, if
any, belongs in news.groups ONLY.

@_date: 1996-06-06 19:05:34
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Terrorism Hysteria on the Net 
He says that as if it were a bad thing...
Actually, he's probably right. If all the cypherpunks, say, turned "bad,"
there'd be no government and no economy, because so many big systems are so
Pooh-poohing the potential risk is not a winning proposition. Pointing out
that the government's policies against properly secure systems have created
this house of cards in which we live is. The NRC crypto report helps
legitimize this spin.

@_date: 1996-06-07 20:01:30
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: whitehouse web incident, viva la web revolution 
Yes, I'm afraid these ahistorical myths are widespread. What _do_ they teach
in these schools?
Pick up anything by Renzo De Felice to gain a basic historical understanding
of what fascism was about, from someone who was sympathetic to them. I'd also recommend a biography of the very influential and gifted American
modernist poet Ezra Pound, who led the Italian fascist propaganda effort
from 1941 to 1943 and spent six months in an American POW camp, followed by
some time in mental hospitals as his rants against jewish conspiracies under
every bed became increasingly incoherent, for his trouble. Like Orwell's
very complicated views towards socialism and Stalinism (see Homage to
Catalonia), e. e. cummings' anti-government pacifism, Whitman's queerness,
and Byron's essential kookiness, this is something your high school english
teacher probably failed to mention.

@_date: 1996-06-07 21:47:39
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: ALERT: Court decision expected soon in free speech case; spread the word! (fwd) 
Well, it worked. The web server on  is *totally* overloaded now.
When are these people going to learn about the Internet? :-)

@_date: 1996-06-08 15:39:59
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: "Fascism is corporatism" 
Actually, perhaps you *should* check Webster's... you forget that I'm a
Certified Political Scientist. The etymology of fascism is particularly on
point. Historically, it refers to the building of a military vanguard as an
outgrowth of risorgimento, Italy's process of becoming a independent,
unified [fucking] state rather than a bunch of weak city-states, which were
often dominated by French, Prussian, or Austria-Hungarian interests.
In an interesting turn from the theme of this list, Italians from the 1870's
through Mussolini saw a strong, centralized state as the best way to be free
from tyranny and government theft. I'm not much of an historian of Italy,
though, so I won't pursue this point. Besides, it came from a peculiar set
of historical circumstances that CLEARLY do not apply to the US today. Sounds like my kind of guy. I tend not to be much impressed by radio
personalities, but I may look him up.
"What is fascism" could be batted about forever; I don't think it's much
worth talking about, especially out of historical context. Mussolini started
as a Machiavellian who had not read Machiavelli. Early fascism, and the
etymology of fascism, was a nationalistic, militaristic struggle for power.
Once they got in power, then they started developing an economic ideology.
That's how it works with just about every "political theory"... with the
exceptions of Marxism, libertarianism, and religious fundamentalism,
Of "particular" ethnic groups, probably no. Ezra Pound's antisemitism was
actually pretty unusual. But fascism's essence is rabid, disciplined
nationalism of the militaristic kind. Not really xenophobic and explicitly
genocidal like "National Socialism," which isn't descriptive but was just a
name/party that Hitler was able to hijack to put his extended rant Mein
Kampf into practice, but definitely conscious of the "national character" to
the exclusion of any other. That's one glimpse, but I think it's worthwile clarifying that corporatism
isn't about corporations. It's organizing societal groups into officially
recognized corps. Corporatism defines people by their profession, to the
exclusion of any other ties that bind (religion, family, hobbies, political
views, race -- cuz they're all assumed to be of the same "national
character" anyway) and all transactions among the various corps is mediated
by the government. An excellent example of corporatism is Mexico's PRI
(Institutional Revolutionary Party), which is essentially to say the Mexican
government, which is functionally divided into units such as the CTM
(Confederation of Mexican Workers, an umbrella for legally sanctioned trade

@_date: 1996-06-08 16:30:22
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Internet solution for law enforcement 
Is this a joke, or has the world gone completely batty?

@_date: 1996-06-09 18:49:21
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Thank you for the Archives 100 messages 
This isn't true. I don't believe in killfiles. Being on my twit list simply
means that you're entitled to a brief acknowledgement of every message you
send me. Skippy was added after he sent me the 3MB results from the
rec.music.white-power vote as a rather limp mailbombing attempt (free clue:
it takes a lot more than that to make a dent in our bandwidth or disk
space); see  for
that email. The one that used to be running on darth.stanford.edu was pretty good. Since February 22nd, I've working on the assumption that everything I do
unencrypted is public. I would revoke my PGP key, but I never used it much
for receiving mail anyway, and I'm not sure that it was found. Gee, what a great idea! Why hasn't anyone thought of that? hks.net, for
example. Unfortunately, there are too many copyright terrorists here.
There's a tradeoff between freedom and visibility. As astute readers are
aware, hks.net had to take down the archives after WSJ made a threat that
was a little too credible.

@_date: 1996-06-09 18:49:29
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: NOISE: "Fascism is corporatism" 
Besides being unture, this is rather skew to the discussion of whether
fascism = corporatism = Clinton. Whether it is possible to construct a
coherent ideology is rarely relevant to historical processes; was Castro's
Moncada attack motivated by Marxist ideology, for example? But anyway...
I know you & Tim aren't impressed by Webster's, which Tim claimed as an
authority without bothering to check whether it agreed with him at all (it
doesn't; in fact, it directly contradicts him), but how about The
Encyclopedia Brittanica on "The Philosophical Bases of Fascism":
 In its beginnings fascism was not a doctrine and had no clearly elaborated
 program. It was a technique for gaining and retaining power by violence,  and with astonishing flexibility it subordinated all questions of program
 to this one aim. From the beginning it was dominated by a definite
 attitude of mind that exalted the fighting spirit, military discipline,
 ruthlessness, and action and rejected all ethical motives as weakening the
 resoluteness of will. It pleases me greatly that you do not presume to call me a fool.
I've cited Machiavelli, the historical progression of risorgimento, and Paul
Morrison, "The poetics of fascism :  Ezra Pound, T.S. Eliot, Paul de Man," ISBN 0-19-508085-8. All you're doing is blathering on with some
anti-intellectual lumpenlibertarian claptrap that tries to smear anything
you disagree with as tantamount to fascism. You do libertarianism, with
whose precepts I wholeheartedly agree, a serious disservice. Go back to
Bastiat and leave history alone.
The Encyclopedia Brittanica says of Mussolini:
 He read widely and voraciously, if not deeply, plunging into the
 philosophers and theorists Immanuel Kant and Benedict de Spinoza, Peter
 Kropotkin and Friedrich Nietzsche, G.W.F. Hegel, Karl Kautsky, and Georges
 Sorel, picking out what appealed to him and discarding the rest, forming no
 coherent political philosophy of his own yet impressing his companions as a
 potential revolutionary of uncommon personality and striking presence. For a more nuanced view, try A. James Gregor's "Young Mussolini and the
Intellectual Origins of Fascism," ISBN 0-520-03799-5. I could mail you
photocopies of the relevant sections if you like. Huh? In English, please.
[much more content-free blather deleted]
Anyway, I never suggested that there was no such thing as fascist
philosophy; just that fascism was not rooted in a well-developed ECONOMIC
ideology, and that Tim's definition of corporatism is incorrect both in the
abstract and in the cases of Italian fascism and Nazism.
How did we get from economics to philosophy?
Here James demonstrates his absolute mastery of the subject.
Heidegger only really supported Nazism from 1933-34; in the 40's and
thereafter, he referred to Nazism as a disease. He is remembered as an
existentialist, not a Nazi, though he did join the party when he became the
rector of Freiburg. I don't believe that either Hitler or Goebbels were
familiar with Heidegger's philosophical work.
The fact that Paul de Man, in his early years in Nazi-occupied Belgium,
wrote antisemitic propaganda for a number of local collaborationist journals
was not discovered until four years after his death (by Ortwin de Graef). The statement "Paul de Man of Yale University worked directly for the Nazis" is not true in the sense that most readers might think. He collaborated,
left, and started a new life. He contributed absolutely nothing to Nazi
philosophy, because he did not become a philosopher until years after the
war -- probably as a way to cope with the horrors he saw, and the shame of
his cowardly collaboration.  I don't think anyone has suggested that de Man
was a serious Nazi -- just a fucking wimp.
Where are you getting this nonsense about Heidegger and de Man? I have no
sympathy for their views, but any attempt to smear them as a bunch of Nazis
is ludicrous. Give me a reference. This is sure to be amusing.
By the way, I voted for Bush, and no matter how many times you contradict
me, I know I don't support the government's actions at Ruby Ridge. Your
foaming-mouth projections on people who disagree with you are laughable.
James, I have a lot of respect for Tim and Bruce (anyone who thought I was
calling Bruce a Nazi for holding a common libertarian fallacy must be
oxygen-deprived), but you're really losing me here.

@_date: 1996-06-09 18:57:36
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [WAY, WAY NOISE] Re: Reference Correction Re: Thank you for the, Archives 100 messages 
For enlightenment on that point, see Skippy's message "Christ was NOT a
Mormon" in alt.zen and 35 other newsgroups, ,
 at msg at rec%2emusic%2echristian

@_date: 1996-06-10 07:39:39
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: RFD: Time to kick some anti-scientologist ass? 
I have to agree with the KOTM on this one, as did many of the ars posters
(after a few days of flames subsided). IMO, with the remailer network weak,
and with the posters KNOWING that the remailers were weak (someone posted
ATTACKS ON REMAILERS IMMINENT!!! before the NOTS postings), they should have
used throwaway accounts or some other method of posting, like throwaway AOL
accounts. Fortunately, the damage was localized.
For routine criticism of the cult, absolutely yes, please use the remailers,
but for blatant "copyright terrorism," be careful. As I believe they will... we're really not in disagreement here. Only the kooks on either side are
trying to make this controversial. I certainly don't think anyone should
hold any sort of grudge against the arsvolk (i.e., I don't hate myself for
posting Scamizdat 11 a few times to ars and my web page, under my own name). I think everyone but CoS and the KOTM have learned something from this
experience, and we'll be better equipped to deal with the next challenge.
We all know we COULD stress the remailer network, probably to the breaking
point, by sending the right messages to the right people. But we don't,
because we're responsible (sorry, I don't think that's a dirty word). Use
the right tool for the job.

@_date: 1996-06-10 14:25:18
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Netly News on Info War 
Pathfinder's ever-cheesy Netly News,  carried a story June
5th called "InfoWar is Hell" reacting to the Sunday Times cyberterror
report.  Pretty good story IMO. June 7th story was on the rec.music.white-powder troll. People who actually
bothered to look at news.groups will be pleased to see the laurels heaped on
the votetaker, but displeased that my attempts to get the reporter to POINT
PEOPLE TO NEWS.GROUPS were unsuccessful. URL If for whatever reason you want the 3MB raw results, I have a copy at
 that's probably
easier to get to than ftp.uu.net.

@_date: 1996-06-11 11:45:14
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: HACK - Class III Information Warfare, Has It Begun?  (fwd) 
Yes, I recently subscribed to Netly-L. What of it?
Any bets on whether the Sunday Times is going to sue Time for this blatant
copyright violation? :-)
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Reply-To: netly-l at pathfinder.com
Well this update from The Sunday Times of London clarifies just how much
last week's story was based on rumor. The answer: totally.  (Esp. note the
quote in paragraph Secret DTI inquiry into cyberterror
 THE government has been holding a secret investigation into attacks by
 "cyber terrorists" on the City of London for more than two years. The
Department of Trade and Industry (DTI), Bank of England, GCHQ, the
 secret listening station, and the Defence Research Agency (DRA) are
 involved in the inquiry.
The existence of the investigation, which began in April 1994, emerged
 after The Sunday Times revealed last week that banks, broking firms and
investment houses had paid millions of pounds to gangs that threaten to
wipe out computer systems.
 Correspondence from the investigating authorities, seen by Insight,
include letters from civil servants saying they are "extremely concerned"
 at the evidence of extortion demands.
Yesterday the DTI issued a statement confirming the inquiry and
 suggesting its work had been hampered by the lack of co-operation from
 City institutions.
"We are very interested in the allegations of extortion directed at City of
 London institutions which were brought to our attention in 1994. We
 responded then by involving many government organisations, including
 the DTI, the police, the Bank of England and other agencies. So far, we
have not been presented with any hard evidence from victims.We would
 urge those threatened to come forward," a spokesman said.
 In one letter, dated May 1995, David Hendon, director of DTI technical
affairs, wrote to a company specialising in computer security work
stating that he was taking the City extortion issue "extremely seriously".
Insight has since seen the evidence passed to the DTI and GCHQ which
sparked the investigation. In 1994, a consultant working for a company
which undertakes computer risk assessments for City institutions
compiled a table of 46 attacks on banks and finance houses in New
York, London and other centres, starting in January 1993.
 The list included details of raids on three British banks and one American
investment house. The documents suggested that operations in the
 futures markets had been a focus for some of the attacks.
Documents sent by the DRA, from the office of Professor David Parks,
a senior director, indicate that the agency is especially interested in the
 "weaponry" deployed by the cyber terrorists.
The agency believes high-intensity radio frequency (HIRF) guns may
have been used to black out trading positions in City finance houses. The
weapon disables a computer by firing electromagnetic radiation at it and
is a "black programme" at the defence ministry, one of the highest
security classification levels.
Last December, Parks approached a company which specialises in
defensive measures against information warfare and carries out work for
 GCHQ. For a30,000 fee it was asked to arrange a demonstration of a
portable HIRF weapon in Germany.
Details of the HIRF weaponry and its use in the City have also been
compiled by Computing magazine, which intends to pass them to the
 DTI and other authorities.

@_date: 1996-06-11 13:06:06
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: PGP key revocation 
If you exchanged private email with me in the last 18 months, encrypted or
not, in either direction, you should assume that it has been read. If you want to contact me, please use my alpha pager, rich at beep.stanford.edu
(60 characters in the Subject: line) or leave a message at 415-725-7710 and
I will call you back. My backup key 0x6992AB4D is probably still secure, but I'm going to generate
a new one as soon as I find the time to build a clean machine. Thank you for playing. -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1996-06-11 19:46:34
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: InfoWar and a.r.s 
Already happened. That's why soc.genealogy.african went moderated a few
months ago. The people in soc.culture.jewish deal with it by posting a
killfile FAQ regularly. Looks like soc.culture.latin-american, which I
followed for academic reasons three years ago, just gave up, splitting into
country-specific groups that are moderated. Pity.
alt.slack beat them off because, well, they're so much smarter and funnier
than any troller. :-)
Some (supposedly) closed mailing lists are openly talking about a vertical
spam of alt.revisionism. Someone new to alt.revisionism might think it has
already happened, but in fact the group is eminently readable and productive
for both sides if you killfile just two people, and followups to their
articles (three if you count the current incarnation of Serdar Argic, who
should be in everyone's global killfile). The general mood in news.groups is tilting towards at least robo-moderation
(posts handled by an automatic script that can have a twit filter). I think
it's a shame.

@_date: 1996-06-13 13:22:51
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Encrypting forwarding service? 
US/Canada residents only might want to look at:
 Of course it should be accessible through anonymous proxies.

@_date: 1996-06-15 10:13:33
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Clinton Backs Internet 'Decency Act' 
This is also at odds with what Clinton said. The full text of the statement
is available on whitehouse.gov, among other places.

@_date: 1996-06-15 11:26:28
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: SMARTcards, free 800 number GUARANTEE PRIVACY!!! 
The latest spam to hit my mailbox...
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Check out the BUSINESS BUILDER PWRsite at:
  -  Great business products and opportunities PLUS FREE Classified ads !!
Thanks for your Interest about the FREE 800# with the NTA Intelecard !!  If you would like the Complete info pak mailed to you - Please Email me your Postal Address. Please Specify if you're also interested in becoming a Distributor for this Free 800   Email your Address to:
kal at pwrsite.com             The complete info on the NTA Intelecard is also available on our Fax-on-demand at:
703-904-9888  box #  883
The Complete details about  becoming a  NTA Free 800# Intelecard Distributor(make BIG $$)  is available from our Fax-on-Demand at:
703-904-9888  box# 884
or Call Toll Free at:
800-935-5171  ext. 1171 (24 hr recorded message)
Here is the info on the NTA Intelecard and Order form.  You can also order on-line at:
or                               An Open Letter to Business Owners
              ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                     "Here's The Information You Requested About Your
                                    Free 800 Telephone Number"
Dear Friend:
In todays Competitive Business Environment an 800# is no longer a luxury.
It's an Absolute Necessity!
Unfortunately even modest volume 800# responses can tie up your office
phone and monopolize your staff's time at all the wrong moments. The alternative --- a remote 800# voice mail service --- is the ideal
solution. Except for one small detail: they cost at least $25.00 per month plus 18-22
cents per minute. That's $300.00 per year plus an outrageous charge per
minute for all usage!
Compare that to the BEST 800# Phone Deal in the country!
 * Set-up Fee                        	$0.00
 * Monthly Service Charge	$0.00
 * Term Commitment	None	
 * Annual Fee		None	
 * Cost Per Minute		.11/min  (Even lower, if you move fast - see                                                                               below)
This 800# service is yours absolutely FREE when you get your own
InteleCard(sm) --- the most advanced portable business
Telecommunications Center imaginable. It's a Virtual "Pocket Office" which puts you right in the thick of the most
Advanced Telecommunications Technology. Your incredible "Smart Card" will make the world believe you are sitting at
the helm of a giant multi-national conglomerate! This exceptional 800# service puts the control in your hands! You can either have the messages captured by your personal voice mailbox
or you can re-route the calls to ring directly into your office or home. The choice is yours! You can change your mind anytime, anywhere you want --- even have your
calls follow you as you travel!
The InteleCard(sm) does it all for you!
          * Sends, Stores and Retrieves Faxes!
          * Broadcasts Messages!
          * Call Forwarding --- Never miss an important call again!
          * Instant Conference Call Capability --- Up to 70 people worldwide!
          * Message/Pager Notification & Delivery!
          * Speed Dialing --- Program up to 99 numbers!              * And...Free 800# Service --- Your personal box accessed through
            your private PIN number!
          * Plus MORE !!
Plus..."The Best Pre-Paid Calling Card In The Business"
          * Only $.22 per minute U.S. (17.5 if you move fast!)           * Excellent, low International rates!
Simply put...
 "This Is The Best Telephone Deal You will Ever Get...Period!" But, it's not going to be here for long. The exceptionally Low Introductory, Promotional rates illustrated above are
only in effect through the 21st of June. After that, normal retail rates
apply. The 800# service goes up to .11 per minute and the calling card
charge increases to .22 per minute. But if you order your card before the deadline, your rates are grand-
fathered in for life! That means, no matter how high the rates may rise for other subscribers,
you have locked in your bargain basement prices for as long as you have
your card. There is a very limited supply of these deeply-discounted, promotional
cards available. Once they are gone, no more will ever be offered again.
                     "Your No-Risk, Unconditional Guarantee"
Inspect your InteleCard(sm) for 30 days entirely at our risk. Closely examine
every one of its exceptional features. Calculate the hundreds of dollars it
will save you year after year. Carefully weigh its unmatched convenience
and ease of use. Then, if for any reason you don't agree it is far and away
the best telecommunications deal you ever made, simply return the unused
card for an immediate refund. No questions asked. What could possibly be more fair?
                                      The InteleCard(sm)
                Are You Really Ready For All The Extra Business
                               These Services Will Get You?
                           "No other card even comes close!"
<$> Provides Complete Privacy...Protection for unlisted numbers or from ID
       scanning!
<$> Full Service Calling Card...Covers all 50 states and International calls
       at super-low rates!
<$> Gives You Total Fax Coverage Worldwide...It not only accepts and               stores faxes sent to you, it will transmit your faxes anywhere you                             want.  It even allows you to send a pre-stored fax to any of your                               prospects  -  just like the major companies do!
<$> Instant Call Forwarding...Use this service to forward all your calls ---
       even to your cellular phone!
<$> Why Settle for 3-Way Calling From Just Your Office Phone?...The
       InteleCard(sm) let's you conference up to 70 people into the same
       conversation from any phone --- without an operator. You save $50 or
       more in service charges! <$> Offers a Concierge Wake-Up Service...Calls you in the morning to get             you up in plenty of time for an important appointment!
<$> Reach Out to the World...Allows you to call anywhere in the world and
       also have exceptional call-back rates when you travel abroad. A must
       for the world of international business!
<$> Se Habla Espanol...This card offers instructions in Spanish and (soon)         a  lot more languages!
<$> Speed Dialing...Let's you pre-program up to 99 numbers for instant
       access!
<$> Giant Network Broadcasting Capabilities...You can instantly send a fax         or broadcast a telephone message to 999 people on the system for the
       price of 1 phone call!  <$> More Persistent Than A Hound Dog on a Scent...Gets your important
       messages through even while you're running to catch a plane. If the
       line is busy, it will keep calling for up to 4 hours to deliver your
       message.
<$> Money-Saving Sequence Calling...Beat the hotel telephone surcharges.         Once you're connected to the toll-free 800 you can get all your              messages and faxes and make as many local or long distance        (Including International) calls as you wish!
<$> Your Electronic Secretary...Reminds you of birthdays, anniversaries,
       important meetings, etc. --- up to 1 year into the future!
<$> No Monthly Service Charge...Forget the $25 (or higher) monthly fees
       charged by other services!
<$> No Monthly Minimums...You can use the card as much or as little as         you choose!
<$> No Annual Renewal Fee...Your one-time low purchase price covers you             Life
<$> No Surcharge...You only pay for the time you talk --- with absolutely no
       connection fee. This feature alone can save you up to 80 cents per
       call!
<$> Bills in 6-Second Increments...Doesn't gouge you with full minute
        charges like the competition!
<$> Unbeatable Rates...What other card allows someone to call your private
         800# from Hawaii, New York, Alaska, or anywhere else in the U.S. for
         only 11 cents a minute?
<$> Unbelievably Low Cost...This entire collection of high-tech services
       could easily cost you $25...$50...$75 or more a month! Instead, it's
       all yours for a one-time administration fee of only $49.95!
<$> Plus...A Valuable FREE Bonus!
A Full 800# Telephone Service that allows any of your customers or
prospects to listen to your pre-recorded announcements, leave messages,
place orders, or send faxes to you (even if you don't have an office fax
machine) all without tying up your office phone lines or taking the valuable
time of your staff!
Or, if you wish, you can instruct your personal 800# to ring directly to your
office or home. It can even follow you around the world! The InteleCard(sm) puts you in full command! You can instantly change the
calling format from any phone anytime you wish, as often as you like. There
is no other card or service like it! The InteleCard(sm) places an entire portfolio of Advanced
Telecommunications services ready to work for you. The Immediate benefits for your business are staggering! You'll wonder how you and every one of your key people ever got along
without it!
                    "The InteleCard(sm) is here now and we have it!"
                                     Contact Us at:
                    Telephone: 800-481-7625   Fax: 800-676-8672
Because of the restricted quantity available, each business is limited to
only seven cards.
I urge you to order several today and beat the June 21st deadline. Once this supply is exhausted, you will have to purchase the newer, more
expensive cards. Remember, there is never a monthly charge or annual renewal fee with the
InteleCard(sm). Many businesses control their costs and internal
communication systems by providing a card to each key employee (not to
mention members of their family!).  Use the order form at the end of this message to request your
InteleCards(sm) today.
Kal Schmidt/Barry Disney SKP-1
Network Marketing Group. Inc
Voice 800-481-7625
Fax  800-676-8672
P.S. These deeply discounted promotional rates will expire in just a few
more days. Every card you order before June 21, 1996 will be grand-fathered
in at these low rates forever! Decide how many cards you will need now.
This once-in-a-lifetime opportunity will never be offered by us again!
Here's How To Order Now!
                       "Your No-Risk Unconditional Guarantee"
Inspect your InteleCard(sm) for 30 days entirely at our risk. Closely examine
every one of its exceptional features. Calculate the hundreds of dollars it
will save you year after year. Carefully weigh its unmatched convenience
and ease of use. Then, if for any reason you don't agree it is far and away
the best telecommunications deal you ever made, simply return the unused
card for an immediate refund. No questions asked.  What could possibly be more fair?
Your rates are even lower if you order before June 21, 1996. You only pay .10
per minute for Voice and Fax Mail and just 17.5 per minute for Calling Card
Date Ordered:________________
No. Cards Ordered:_____
Amount: $_________
Check No:________   Credit Card
KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS
---------- detach before mailing ---------- detach before mailing ----------
USE THIS FORM TO FAX - MAIL - OR PHONE IN YOUR ORDER
For Immediate Priority-Order Processing - Please Fax , Phone, or Email Your Orders.
We pay the shipping costs on all Phone/Fax/Email Orders in the next 24 hrs.
Instant Phone Orders To: 800-481-7625  (24 hrs order line)
Fax To:  800-676-8672 (24 hrs)
Email To: kal at pwrsite.com
On-line ordering at: Mail To: Network Marketing Group, Inc  204 N Oak Suite 213, Owatonna, MN 55060
Please send me _____ (Limit 7) InteleCards(sm) at only $49.95 each,
postpaid. If not satisfied, I reserve the right to return unused cards for a full
Special:   Order 3 InteleCards(sm) for only $139.50 (You Save $10.35!)
                  Order 4 InteleCards(sm) for only $178.00 (You Save $21.80!)
                  Order 5 InteleCards(sm) for only $217.50 (You Save $32.25!)                   Order 7 InteleCards(sm) for only $299.70 (You Save $49.95!)
                    --- It's like getting 1 Card FREE!)
Print Your Name________________________________________________
Telephone Number (______) _______ - ________________
Fax Number          (______) _______ - ________________
Business Name ________________________________________________
Address ______________________________________________________
City _____________________________________State____Zip___________
Enclosed is $_________ Circle One:  Check / Money Order    Payable to: Network Marketing group, Inc
Phonechecks - FAX your check to:  800-676-8672
Credit Card:    Visa      MasterCard     Credit Card No:________________________________ Exp. Date____/____
(for email orders you may type your name here or type in CALL ME to have
us call you to privately record your credit card information)
For more information (check your interest) ____ Please send me information on how I can get the best phone deal for   my  business/home as well.
____ I may be interested in marketing these cards. Tell me more.
USE THIS FORM TO FAX - MAIL - OR PHONE IN YOUR ORDER
Fax To:  800-676-8672 (24 hrs)
Phone Orders To: 800-481-7625   (24 hrs order line)
Email To: kal at pwrsite.com
On-line Ordering at:  Mail To: Network Marketing Group, inc  204 N Oak Suite 213, Owatonna, MN 55060

@_date: 1996-06-15 13:13:33
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: SF Bay Area: 6/18 Smart Talk on WhoWhere? (fwd) 
FYI. Sounds like a venture capital shindig.
Pity I won't be able to make it. That would have been Highly Amusing.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Newsgroups: ba.smartvalley, ba.announce
    *****************************************************************
                        PLEASE NOTE NEW LOCATION
    *****************************************************************
                               SMART TALK
                     Sponsored by Smart Valley, Inc.
                    and Gemini Management Consulting
SPEAKER:  Gunjan Sinha
          President, WhoWhere?
TITLE:    WhoWhere?: The Global White Pages of the Internet
DATE:     Tuesday, June 18, 1996
TIME:     7:30 AM - 9:00 AM
LOCATION: Smart Valley, Inc.
          2520 Mission College Blvd.
          Santa Clara
CONTACT:  Isabel Sarkis - IsabelS at svi.org or 408-562-7794
WhoWhere? is the largest directory of personal and corporate
phone numbers, physical addresses and e-mail addresses on the
Internet.  As the Net rapidly evolves, defines and redefines
itself, WhoWhere? provides a worldwide collection of fundamental
information which serves both individual and business
communication needs.  It has become the Global White Pages and
enables people to locate others around the world, whether they
are on or off the Net. Gunjan Sinha will share the challenges
associated with building and maintaining this type of directory
and the ways in which it can be utilized.
Prior to forming WhoWhere? Inc., Gunjan Sinha was the architect
of video servers at Olivetti Advanced Technology, where he
developed interactive video servers. He was also involved with
multiprocessor and distributed server development. Earlier is his
career, Sinha was the co-founder of Viman Software Inc., a
network license management company, which was later acquired by
Central Designs Systems Inc. Sinha holds a Masters in Engineering
Management from Stanford University, and a Masters in Computer
Engineering from the University of California at Santa Cruz.
Take the Great America Parkway exit North from 101.  Turn right
at the first traffic light (Mission College Boulevard) and go
straight approximately three blocks.  Turn right into the second
UB Networks driveway.  Smart Valley is on the left at 2520
Mission College Blvd. There is ample parking throughout the
All are welcome to attend this Smart Talk.  Admission is free to
individual members and all employees of Smart Valley member
companies. Non-members are charged a $5.00 fee. Continental
breakfast is included. Reservations are required as seating is
limited.  RSVP to Isabel Sarkis at IsabelS at svi.org or 408-562-
Smart Talk announcements can also be found on the Web

@_date: 1996-06-16 12:53:32
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Attorney General wants to "expand crypto laws" 
According to the information at  the speech
might be reproadcast on San Francisco's KEST-AM (1450), Monday 12:00 to
12:45 a.m. PT. See listings for other times and stations around the
Unfortunately, I only caught the second half of her speech, missing the
encryption bits. My rommate tells me she came out pro-encryption but very
pro-GAK. I don't think transcripts are available, but enterprising individuals may be
able to obtain audiotapes from the Commonwealth Club library.

@_date: 1996-06-17 14:41:02
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Snake Oil on the Water... 
[referring to AFAIK, "The Pegasus Team" is still one person, and he's not an idiot. The
person who sent the message was some random idiot, not a member of "The
Pegasus Team." Just thought that should be straightened out lest any
unwarranted ill will be left floating around...

@_date: 1996-06-19 08:27:36
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Time (of CyberPorn fame) puts up a nice CDA page; commentary from PED 
Netly-L is the mailing list that goes with  The traffic is
quite low, and occasionally something entertaining comes by.
---------- Forwarded message ---------- Reply-To: netly-l at pathfinder.com
Chris, a couple of omissions in your very good techwatch CDA extravaganza
1) the screening software sidebar in this week's TIME (preferably with live
2) John Perry Barlow's TIME essay from late 1995 (search TIME for "this
bill is full of shit")
I could argue the omission of the "cyberporn" cover round or flat.
Philip Elmer-DeWitt                                             ped at well.com
TIME Magazine        ped at cis.compuserve.com        philiped at aol.com

@_date: 1996-06-21 08:39:10
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Oil Change software snoops through hard drive 
Well, if you want definitive answers, use Stan Mitchell's File Monitor,
But free to fear-monger in any case...

@_date: 1996-06-26 09:22:42
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: AT&T bans anonymous messages 
I don't have a problem with this, actually, and a brief visit to
news.admin.net-abuse.misc would show why. AT&T is selling you access under a
given username. If you send a message traceable to AT&T, they are held
accountable. I think it's reasonable for them to demand that you make
messages traceable to yourself so that you are held accountable. If AT&T bans or monitors access to anonymous remailers, then that's a
different kettle of fish entirely, but they're not doing that. The policy
above allows you to send a message to an anonymous remailer under your own
I disagree. The below is outrageous.
"Discloses private or personal matters concerning any person"? I guess any
discussion of political figures is out.

@_date: 1996-06-27 08:22:57
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: AT&T bans anonymous messages 
This is true, but I wrote "accountable" rather than "liable" on purpose. Sites known as spam havens are regularly mailbombed, killfiled, aliased out,
and so on. With the possble exception of mailbombing, all of these means of
holding ISPs accountable for their users' abuse of network are completely
legal and require no legal action on the part of the responding site.
I see no excuse for the craven "indecency" and "personal information" bits
of the AUP, but my reading of the "anonymity" bits is simply that if you
configure Netscape "wrong" and send a spam or a harassing note, you'll get
kicked off. You can still use encryption, and you can still send messages to
anonymous remailers.
Actually, you'd be a fool to rely on AT&T for your privacy services, since
they can determine your identity based on Message-ID. Even Sameer will track
you down and kick you off if you spam from c2. The difference is that Sameer
encourages you to use his services responsibly in ways that ensure that even
he doesn't know who you are. Of course AT&T's language SUCKS. I'd like to see an explicit recognition of
the right to anonymity, when done PROPERLY, i.e., with anonymous remailers
or more freedom-loving ISPs intended for that purpose. An opportunity?
Probably not, but it's something for stockholders to consider. Skim news.admin.net-abuse.misc for messages from the respected spam-stompers
who are extremely sensitive to free speech issues -- Tim Skirvin, Seth
Breidbart, Chris Lewis, Russ Allbery, JEM.

@_date: 1996-06-29 16:43:07
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: John Grubor and you 
Gee, given the anonymous paranoid rants that greeted nym.alias.net and the SAFE conference, I can't imagine...

@_date: 1996-03-18 06:48:59
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Judge blocks French ISPs from connecting to revisionist sites 
Those silly French people. And this right after the German Minister of
Justice is quoted in Der Spiegel admitting that such blocking is foolish
and counterproductive. OTOH, the Attorney General of Ontario threw out all charges against Ernst
Zundel last Friday. Zundel's Holocaust-denial files are available from
pathcom.com, cts.com, aol.com, compuserve.com, netcom.com, c2.org,
stormfront.org, mit.edu, and cmu.edu (most of the Zundel-friendly sites
require payment and a password). A student at pitt.edu has publicly and
repeatedly offered to mirror Zundel's files as well, but he won't let her,
because she's Jewish. None of the mirror sites are blocked by the French
action, and of course all email and anonymous proxy routes are unfettered. Declan's list of links tells only one side of the story, with numerous
factual errors that have been pointed out publicly and repeatedly. I refer you to last months' posts to comp.org.eff.talk by rich at c2.org.
See also articles in the Western Jewish Bulletin by Hilary Ostrov and
others, which support the right of Holocaust-deniers to speak freely.
Those articles are available at:    There are dozens of articles, many of them by Holocaust survivors and the
children of survivors and victims supporting the right of
Holocaust-deniers to lie and organize freely on shamash.nysernet.org,
 nizkor.almanac.bc.ca, and  The articles on
the Skeptic Society and EFF sites have some interesting comments on the
"Revisionists'" callous disregard for the truth in both substantive and
"anti-censorship"  matters. See:  You will find not one article supporting the censorship of Nazis in
alt.revisionism or alt.fan.ernst-zundel. For over a year, the regular
posters have been trying to get the "Revisionist" leaders to participate
in a public discussion on Usenet, but they have refused.
Mendacious secret societies are secret not because they are oppressed, but because whenever they show their face in public, they are laughed at.  - -rich
 Institute for Revisionist Revisionism

@_date: 1996-03-18 08:51:01
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Judge blocks French ISPs from connecting to revisionist sites 
In other news, Holocaust Revisionist mgiwer at combase.com (Matt Giwer) has
been *openly bragging* about getting a political opponent kicked off of a
conservative Texas ISP. The main difference between the French and Texas
cases being that the information on Rack Jite's web pages was true, and
the information on the Holocaust Revisionist sites is not. I guess that's
not important, though, since by definition, Political Correctness only
targets the right.

@_date: 1996-03-18 16:30:19
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: M$ CryptoAPI Question 
If the only goal is to allow international strong crypto using the
CryptoAPI, then I agree with the above. However, exploring the CryptoAPI
internals now, while there is still a possibility that they can be
changed, is a productive undertaking to the extent that it exposes holes. If the good guys can find a way to plug an unapproved international
strong-crypto module into the CryptoAPI, then the bad guys can find a way
plug in a no-crypto virus or trojan horse. -rich at c2.org
  and other cool stuff

@_date: 1996-03-20 09:37:32
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Judge blocks French ISPs from connecting to revisionist sites 
That's a new one.
Giwer is bragging that he got him kicked off for either a) copyright
violations (two GIFs of Giwer, taken from Giwer's web site) or b) libel
(no details given, and difficult to prove because truth is an ironclad defense against a libel suit). The Volant Turnpike system administrators said the problem was that a few
instances of the word "FUCK" violated the Communications Decency Act. I've
seen their mail. Their reasons for deleting the files after all naughty
words and "copyright violations" were deleted were not stated. I'd be curious to know how a web site can pose "netiquette" problems. Jack
Rite never sent or received email or news from turnpike.net;  he only used
their web-hosting services. Anyway, I don't know much about this case, and the guy is a little kooky,
agreed, but far less kooky than Giwer. We're all friends here. It just
pisses me off to see Giwer claiming to represent the "libertarian" position, and occasionally being taken seriously by people I otherwise
respect, when he's really just a racist kook.

@_date: 1996-03-20 12:54:15
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE: Donut: Web Basic Interpreter. (fwd) 
I just received this as the moderator for comp.os.ms-windows.announce. Would that be "Donut" as in "big hole"?
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Newgroups: comp.os.ms-windows.announce

@_date: 1996-03-20 13:39:49
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: If you can't take the heat... (Was Re: Keep the pressure!) 
I don't see this as hypocrisy. Hypocrisy would be trying to track the guy
down, or turning off the remailer, or filtering anonymous rants at
toad.com. I think it's completely legitimate, and healthy, to question
why people go anonymous while supporting their right to do so. Sometimes
anonymity is necessary, sometimes it's just for fun, sometimes its
cowardice, sometimes it's deception. Your point about "stop whining and write code for anonymous reputations"
is misplaced.  Such code ALREADY EXISTS. There are lots of nyms out there
with PGP keys. If you're already PGP-encrypting your message to send it
to an anonymous remailer securely, it's really no more trouble to sign it
with the key for Alice D'Anonymous. If you don't feel secure using PGP (and "the real Alice" did have some -- some -- valid points), then use a magic number or serialize your messages. It worked for the Unabomber.

@_date: 1996-03-21 11:58:17
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: A MODEST PROPOSAL 
I would sign on, but I don't think you want to associate with a crypto-
jewish anarchist fucking statist nazi free-speech activist censor asshole
l. detweiler tentacle.
 Liberty is not a means to a higher political end. It is itself the
 highest political end.-- Lord Acton

@_date: 1996-03-21 18:29:33
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Upside's TAMING THE INTERNET: Special Report 
[Who says it needs to be tamed?]
Page 78 of the April issue: "Stephen Arnold, author of the recent book
_Publishing on the Internet: A New Medium for the New Millenium_ [gag],
dispels some of the mystery and myth surrounding on-line security,
assesses its current state, and looks forward to new technologies."  Interviews with Bill Gates and other "luminaries."

@_date: 1996-03-22 18:59:21
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: (X:x)e$ 's other use 
Digital cash, if people can be convinced to trust it, will be a wonderful thing because of its security, convenience, and anonymity features. I'm sorry, but I just don't buy this "corrupt currency" schtick.
But it can't.
Please define "something of real value." Please explain why it will always represent the same value to all people, and why it makes sense to pin your money to it rather than letting it float.
Money is a convenient fiction that makes civilization work reasonably well
most of the time. The value of money is always set by fiat and social
consensus. People who reminisce about "the gold standard" are talking
ahistorical nonsense. "The gold standard" was fiat money too. The price
and transportation of gold was controlled by governments. The move away
from "the gold standard" was a recognition of this fact, nothing more.
With all due respect, I think he should have kept it private.

@_date: 1996-03-23 19:29:34
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: detweiling 
This is true. Without realizing it (until I took a look a the alleged
Detweiler web pages), I've been Detweiling on a number of Neo-Nazi lists
for a while. This type of psychological warfare is pretty interesting.
It's not an art. It's just being an asshole, and there's nothing new about it. the alleged Detweiler had a few interesting observations, but most of them were cypherpunk-specific.
I do see a real tension between the norms of anonymity and full
disclosure, though, which I'll have to think about a bit more before
committing it to Tim May's eternal data haven with my name atached. I should have a good example of this on the Stormfront list shortly.
I'm not so sure. I'd say that these types are more concentrated in
political activism (where I would place many political cypherpunks) nad
in mid-level politics and bureaucracies, not in high-level power
structures. The people who come to power, and stay in power, have learned
to transcend ego and paranoia. Nixon, who had been very good at this,
lost it. Clinton seems to be holding up quite well. (This is not to say
anything about their politics or characters, just their temperaments.)
Read Milan Kundera's _The Joke_ for an interesting twist on this. Or maybe _Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead_.

@_date: 1996-03-23 22:07:44
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Excluding articles from DejaNews 
I just noticed this in their FAQ, dated February 20th:
     Q: I don't want my Usenet articles to appear in Deja News. What do I do?
     A: We have implemented a feature whereby if your article contains an
        X-Header looking like                    X-No-Archive: Yes
     your article will be excluded from our database forever. Anyone know if other search engines support this? I think such a standard
would be a Good Thing. Of course there will be the odd private archive,
and of course some nastyfolks might grep Usenet just for X-No-Archive
headers, but this is a good step for casual alt.support - type privacy.

@_date: 1996-03-23 23:00:26
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Excluding articles from DejaNews 
AltaVista doesn't index web sites that follow the Robots Exclusion
Standard. Does that mean you won't use AltaVista anymore, either? Interesting and correct opinion, but they're not saying they index _all_
of Usenet. They're saying, "We archive Usenet." "Well, what about
excluded articles?" "Oh, we don't archive _those_ articles, of course," they say. The proposed exclusion standard is posted publicly. Ain't their fault that I didn't read that part of the FAQ until just now.
Agreed, anyone really concerned about their privacy should be using
anonymity/pseudonymity, but a temporary hidey-hole is a Good Thing. But I can think of a lot of reasons you might want to post something
under your real name, or your regular pseudonym -- gaining the benefit of
your good (or bad) reputation, mostly -- but on the other hand, you don't
want that post archived. It's called an "aside." For example, I might want to say, "Tim May is a big fat idiot because of
what he just said." I do want to say that, publicly, under my name and
address, but for various reasons, I don't want that saved in the
archives. Since X-Headers are readable by most newsreaders, and are in
fact shown by default in at least the default install of trn, I don't
think I'm doing anything particularly "sneaky." If you (or someone else)
wants to make sure that I am on record saying, "Tim May is a big fat
idiot," then you'd post a followup, perhaps pointing out that I'd tried
to be sneaky by using an X-No-Archive header. X-No-Archive is like preceding your remarks with "Off the record..."
People and bots can heed, ignore, or flaunt that disclaimer at their option. OK, you've convinced me that this isn't a privacy thing, really, but I
think is a valid and useful thing. What's the alternative, really? If I
want to say something, now, are you going to tell me that I don't have
the right to request that you not take my comments on the record? That
sounds sort of totalitarian. I either have to create a new, unique nym on
the fly, in which case my comments lose anything associated with my name,
or I have to keep my comments to myself. Recognizing "Well, the full
context is recorded too, you can defend youself with that" only makes it
worse, really. Just thinking out loud, my thoughs being recorded for posterity on
hks.net and Exon-knows where else...

@_date: 1996-03-24 15:32:21
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: detweiling 
Gee, really? What makes you think so?
Someone has a stylistic spoofing program, called markov, that can produce
output triggering a positive on the MEDUSA test. One of the distributors of this program is (or was) qut at netcom.com. See the recent posts by "L. Detweiler" in alt.2600, news.groups, and
news.admin.net-abuse.misc. This "L. Detweiler" seems to have failed to appreciate how frequently I
write in conscious self-parody, especially as rich at c2.org. His analysis
of the "detweiling" attack is largely correct, but he greatly
overestimated my ego. It'll all come out soon enough, probably about the
time the comet drops under the horizon. Why not? I think it's a useful term. John Crapper's name will always be remembered; why not Detweiler's? I think he deserves that kind of

@_date: 1996-03-26 05:40:27
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? (Was List O',  shame) 
Hear hear. But I'm afraid that last should have been written in the past
tense. There it goes...
It would have been nice to have someone in the Congressional Record saying
something like, "While I don't agree with the implementation of this
specific bill, it is arguably less totalitarian than the current arbitrary
and unconstitutional policy."

@_date: 1996-03-26 13:45:40
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
[Damn... I can't find anythig I disagree with... oh, how about this]
IMO this is why maintaining separate keys for identity and encryption, as
is done by both the MS CryptoAPIVapor and Espionage-Enabled Notes, is such
a good idea. The two (or more) keys would sign each other, but they can't
take the place of each other. I sorta wish PGP had this feature. Of course
you can embed comments into your key ID to specify usage, but it's not
quite the same thing.
But anyway, just as a tactical matter, I think getting behind the Leahy
bill, precisely because it had no chance of passing, would have been the
right thing to do (written in past tense because I'm sure it is). The good
guys would have had a better chance to appear reasonable and to get their
views on the record.

@_date: 1996-03-27 15:22:17
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: About Triple DES ...... 
Victor Ramon Aguilar Ocampo escribe:
Yes. Apparently there's even a standard place on the export request forms
to check off "please resubmit without triple-DES support." If this is
something you want to be able to take across the border, you need to get
it from a non-US source.
You wouldn't be jailed, since as far as I know, it's perfectly legal for
you to use DES. It's just illegal for anyone in the US or Canada to give
it to you.
It's possible that some NAFTA working group has written regulations to
make Mexico answerable for ITAR violations, but I seriously doubt it.

@_date: 1996-03-28 11:47:19
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: About Triple DES ...... 
If neither endpoint includes US citizens or residents, or people working
on the behalf of US citizens or residents, no.
Very interesting hypothetical, though. I'm pretty sure that in this case,
it's a fact, not a hypothetical.
A more complicated hypothetical: if Victor told MCI/Sprint/whatever, the
news media, and the US authorities of his intent to download triple-DES in
this way, would MCI/Sprint/whatever be liable? Any cypherpunks in Latin
America? How about from Asia to Finland -- what does that route look like?
Something along the lines of that "Pastors for Peace" media hoax, which
is a perennial show of an attempt to deliver US goods to embargoed Cuba,
might be worth engineering.
At some point in this exercise, though, we might be "raising awareness"
among the wrong people, to cite Tim May. I wouldn't want NAFTA, the WTO,
and so on enforcing ITAR.

@_date: 1996-03-28 19:54:24
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Why Americans feel no compulsion to learn foreign languages 
Undeniably true. I think Tim's point was more, "Who cares?  Everyone *I*
want to talk to speaks English."
One may quibble with the wisdom or morality of such a statement, but if
the second statement is true in your case, then there is no reason you
should have to learn another language. Most upper-income Americans have no
need for esoteric languages. Almost all upper-income Americans have a need
for English.
For example, *I* only really need to speak English, TCP, Spanish, HTML,
AppleTalk, and occasionally French and Perl. Most of the time, I have no
need to know C++, IPX, Tagalog, higher mathematics, German, or Java; I've
got "people" for that.  I'm probably wrong to put my faith in y'all to
write the code I use, but hey, we can't all do everything. I don't write
crypto code, and I don't haul my trash to the dump or tend to the
landscaping around my apartment. Why should I?
Then again, I do find it worthwile to be on the cypherpunks list, and I
will say hola to the gardener.

@_date: 1996-03-28 20:29:48
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: How to enter the US without a visa? 
On the contrary, I think (undermining) the idea of state-defined identity
is pretty essential.
Note that the original-style green cards are all going to become invalid
any day now. Don't remember exactly when. Hurry! Still, you can get a very
good forgery of the new style in, say, New York, Los Angeles, or Redwood
City for $100. The problem is, you need to be a part of the community
already to be able to find out, in a reasonable amount of time, where to
get the good forgeries without getting arrested. If you have the right
friends, like if you're a member of certain extended families in Matamoros
or New York's ChinaTown, then you can arrange to *borrow* a *real* green
card with a similar picture.
If this friend could pass for Latin American, you have it easy -- just
have him or her fly into Mexico and walk across the border. Unless
something major has changed in the last six months, there's such high
traffic, and there's so many people with no or *terrible* forgeries, that
people with passable forgeries can walk right through without a
technological verification. Very low risk, but very high potential cost.
Another option, much less commonly forged and somewhat less suspicious
than green cards, is a "stateless person travel document." These were
given mostly to refugees from the Communist Bloc. They look a lot like a
US Passport, are just as easy to forge, do not require a current picture
(in fact, they're probably more credible with a 4-year-old picture), and
in theory are accepted as equivalent to a US passport. An ex-girlfriend
from Czechoslovakia had one. The problem is, most line immigration
officials have never seen one, so you're likely to get bumped to a
supervisor; but if you have an acceptable ethnic background and decent
bullshitting skills in any language, you're in.
My ex never had any trouble getting into or out of Mexico, but she finally
got fed up with the incompetence of the line officers and became a
citizen, which despite her thirteen years in the US, perfect English, a
degree in political science from an Ivy-League school, and an internship
with the foreign service in DC one summer, was a two-year comedy of
incredible errors and incompetence at the INS. Example: once she sent them
some forms filled out in duplicate. The INS sent them back two months
later, requesting that she resubmit just one copy. They were later proven
wrong -- they did need two copies.
Understand that these are the people you're dealing with.
Finally, I assume your friend can swim. I would recommend avoiding Pacific
locales where chumming is commonly practiced.

@_date: 1996-03-29 19:42:53
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: The Law Loft: Surviving the Biometric I.D. Card 
The only problem I see with this approach (from the government's
perspective, and assuming that the only state interest is in immigration
control -- you can all stop laughing now) is that the government can't
revoke citizenship. There are several reasons they might want to do this:
an erroneous or fraudulent application, a political-driven expulsion, or a
resident-driven renunciation of citizenship (usually for tax/inheritance
Of course, the real reason they want this proof of residency is for work
authorization, which means income tax, which means database. And heck,
since we already have a database, why not track child molesters and
deadbeat dads the same way. Or anyone else we don't like, for that matter.
The replacement of income tax with sales and real estate taxes -- despite
the fact that such a move would be incredibly regressive -- would be a
very good thing for freedom.

@_date: 1996-03-29 19:44:33
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Why Americans feel no compulsion to learn foreign langua 
BWAHAHAHA!!! That's a good one. Did you hear the one about the SMB
security patch affecting *two* files that was released in English on
October 20th, and for other major western languages in mid-January?

@_date: 1996-03-30 03:21:40
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Netscape 2.01 fixes server vulnerabilities by breaking the client... 
Now I suppose they'll want me to fix all the pages where I do a finger
with a gopher://host:79/0user. Any chance this nonfix can be unfixed?
This nonfix was applied to the UNIX and Win32 versions; I haven't checked
the other platforms.

@_date: 1996-03-30 20:21:07
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Netscape 2.01 fixes server vulnerabilities by breaking the client... 
How about limiting URLs on non-blessed ports to, say, 64 alphanumeric
characters? I'm sure the documentation writers and technical support
folks would hate you, but it should address these concerns.

@_date: 1996-03-30 23:10:14
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Very nice Denise Caruso article in MacWorld 
Not that anyone actually reads Mac magazines anymore, but back page of the
May 1996 issue of MacWorld (they don't procrastinate) bears an article
titled "Civil Rights Activists 'Say, Sniff This!': encryption is one
solution to net censorship," wherein Jim Warren, PGP, and other cool
things are presented in an unambiguously good light.
"On February 8th, President Clinton lifted his pen to sign the scabrous
Telecommunications Reform Act of 1996.... The law is just one example of
how our personal freedoms are fast eroding as digital technologies make it
feasible to monitor electronic communications.... The decision to encrypt
personal communication within this country is a political act that we
still have the luxury to practice today. It is already illegal in many
countries to use encryption for any reason without a license from the
It should appear on  in about a month.

@_date: 1996-05-02 12:44:11
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: A survey on online privacy to skew[er] (WhoWhere?) 
The "Stanford" in the title is obviously just a typo.  Be aware that
they've been known to aggressively finger, etc. sites that contact their
site. I especially like this question, which I swear I am not making up: 30. Search by Affiliation - for example "Working Women", "Lawyers", "Gay
    and Lesbian", "Hispanics", etc. [Must add] [Nice to add] [Don't care]
WhoWhere originally built their database by writing a script to
aggressively extract email addresses from the web server of OKRA, a
research computer at UC Riverside that had been culling addresses from
Usenet and other sources, making them freely available to the Internet
community. Two wrongs don't make a right, of course. OKRA has since taken
steps to ensure that noone else can extract mass quantities of addresses
in the same way.

@_date: 1996-05-03 17:34:53
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: SF South Bay: So WhoWhere wants to meet with people interested in online privacy and security... 
The people who run  (a knockoff on the excellent
 with a database partly based on a script they wrote to
extract addresses from okra.ucr.edu) want to discuss how they can serve
the Internet community better while protecting privacy.
I suggested "shut down your site and become cloistered monks," but they
didn't find that consistent with their business plan. So they suggested we
do lunch early next week. Either Monday or Tuesday would work, and we'd be
meeting in downtown Palo Alto. Anybody else interested in coming? For a good demonstration of why WhoWhere? is not necessarily the greatest
thing since spice racks, look up "Louis Freeh," "Fuck You,"  "Asshole,"
"System Privileged User," and "Stephen Hawking." I keep telling them that
they'd better remove this last, but they don't consider it a priority.
 P.S.   Yes, I just resubscribed. I just love you too much to stay away.
P.P.S. If anyone wants to carpool from the Palo Alto vicinity to Joe &
       Cindy's beach volleyball shindig this Sunday with an alleged
       FUCKING STATIST CAPITALIST SOCIALIST NAZI J*W ANARCHIST, send me
       a note.

@_date: 1996-05-03 19:46:21
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [Complete NOISE] Re: aufweidersehn, * grave$ 
[ObCpherpunkRelevance: there's a good bit about bizness views of privacy
and anonymity on the Internet on the home page of the class that gave
birth to that Spawn of Satan WhoWhere?. See especially the Bulletins. The
class lives at ROTFL!!!!! Many thanks to jamesd at echeque.com for forwarding me Skippy's
original message. I've never even heard of Mike Beebe, but I'll look him up on DejaNews. Boewulf is the nym of a very real racist who is so over-the-top silly (and
1/4 Jewish) that some people don't believe he's for real. I once claimed
to be "Beowulf" for laughs. "Nietzsche at gnn.com" was a real racist who
spammed widely in early January with a message smearing MLK; he later
posted a lot to news.groups about the rec.music.white-power troll, but
seems to have closed his account once the free hours ran out.
ezundel at alpha.c2.org is a friend of mine who reposts Ingrid's stuff to
alt.fan.ernst-zundel. ernztzundl at aol.com was a really annoying AOL troll
who has thankfully gone away. I've got enough email between him and me to
prove that we're different people, and of course he knew a lot about DC
that I couldn't. At first I didn't believe that Skippy "or"  Dave Harmon were anything but
anti-racist spoofs, and I'm still not entirely convinced, but they're so
consistently malicious that they must have something against me.  I swear
that "Skippy" isn't me, but on second thought, I wouldn't really mind if
other people thought I was harassing myself. That would be poetic justice
indeed. Maybe if we don't believe he exists, he'll go away. So, Skippy, did you forge an unsubscribe message for tallpaul, or was
that someone else? I'll take my answer OFF THE LIST, PLEASE.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-05-04 14:09:59
@_author: Richard Charles Graves 
@_subject: L. Detweiler is a CyberAngel 
ROTFL. From Special mention must go to an ongoing debate about anonymous remailers, which
was an area where we were less informed.  Thanks to  an154280 at anon.penet.fi
 for lots of very helpful suggestions.  For those of you interested in the
debate about anonymity we have two suggestions:  firstly we have a HUGE FAQ
on "Identity, Privacy and Anonymity on the InterNet", written by L.Detweiler,
and if any of you want it, please write to us and ask for it (WARNING it is
138k!)  Secondly you can write to help at anon.penet.fi for their FAQ on their
anonymous service, which is also very educational.

@_date: 1996-05-04 15:12:17
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: An interesting front end for the replay remailer 
These folks' politics don't make much sense to me (but I gather that they
really, really don't like Jehova's Witnesses); it's their setting up an
"alternative" front end for the replay remailer that caught my interest.
 One could say that this makes a case for PGP-signing web pages, but on the
other hand, the remailers don't and shouldn't care about content, so who
cares if someone "misappropriates" a remailer. What are they "taking"

@_date: 1996-05-04 15:20:55
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: CryptoAnarchy: What's wrong with this picture? 
Traffic analysis (though remailers would help).
And what about mailbombing? If you're mailbombed, does your tax bill
I think information has to be free (of tax, anyway), because there is no
way to prove the utlility of information.

@_date: 1996-05-06 14:04:45
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: L. Detweiler is a CyberAngel 
A few days ago, I forwarded along an excerpt from a recent CyberAngels
mailing where they had favorably cited a HUGE FAQ on remailers by one L.
So far, four different people (or nyms) have asked me for a copy of my
remailer FAQ.
I believe you can get it at - -rich
 (the truth is out!)

@_date: 1996-05-07 15:54:30
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: UK IP Censorship 
Let's see to it that they're wrong.
[ObFUCKING-STATIST: while the article is newbiegarbled, as far as I can
tell, they're only blocking specific newsgroups, and not any IP routes,
which would be worse. IMO, ISPs have the right to block certain
newsgroups, as long as they tell customers what they're doing. HOWEVER, if
Pipex is as big an uber-ISP and news feeder of ISPs as UUNet is here, then
they've clearly gone over the line as far as I'm concerned. I don't care
if AOL blocks alt.sex.kiddie-porn, because the kiddie-porners can simply
move to a real ISP; but the big players have more of an obligation to act
as content-neutral common carriers.]

@_date: 1996-05-08 08:33:13
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: WhoWhere Robot? 
I would not be surprised. Please give me more information. I'm meeting
with them at 1pm PST today.

@_date: 1996-05-08 18:43:30
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Transitive trust and MLM 
Oh, those WhoWhere? guys are just a bunch of pussycats.
The fact that you're sending postcards is only a problem if you don't want
them to be read. It's more the email I receive that I worry about, so all my friends use the address rich at alpha.c2.org now.
You should only worry about men in the middle when you're playing
volleyball. The endpoints are usually far more vulnerable.

@_date: 1996-05-08 19:05:21
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Chat with WhoWhere.com 
So we did lunch. They even paid. I had a turkey club sandwich and a
strawberry/banana smoothie.
At this time, I cannot discuss (publicly) much of what was said, but I can
say that some progress was made.
* There is not currently a "deny" list. I.e., if you ask WhoWhere to
  delete your name, address, and phone number, they will usually do it
  within 48 hours, but it is entirely possible that an automated process
  will reenter your address the next day. They agree that this is
  something that should be fixed.
* They do indeed run an undocumented web spider to search for email
  addresses. Soon, they will register it on the WebCrawler page and follow
  the Robot Exclusion Standard. However, they were not interested in
  shutting the robot down, or sharing the source code.
* They deny association with the "WhoWhere Robot" probes operating out of
  Japan and Australia. I expressed concern that someone may have stolen
  their spider somehow. They'll look into it.
* The person I talked to agreed that WhoWhere's initially writing programs
  to brute-force tens of thousands of addresses out of the okra.ucr.edu
  service was improper. I expressed concerns that the current version of
  their web crawler appeared to have no safeguards against a recurrence.
* Certain other allegations were confirmed, denied, or confidential.
* WhoWhere does seem to take concerns about the inappropriate disclosure
  of information that was never intended to be publicly available
  seriously. :-)
* They do indeed have formal business relationships with ABI, InfoSeek,
  Switchboard, and Netscape (details on the Netscape relationship are not
  publicly available).
* I did not feel at all threatened by remarks made as we were leaving.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-05-11 08:09:55
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Transitive trust and MLM 
To do that they would need to crack one or more of the accounts with
access to the alpha server, which would probably leave evidence, or run a
packet sniffer nearby. Ironically, I am more confident of the security of
alpha.c2.org than I am of my own machine. The threat profile is people who
have forwarded mail with envelope and Received: headers indicating that
the source is my mail spool to a mailing list. Twice. I know that I'm
surrounded by insecure, non-firewalled UNIX boxes that could be running
packet sniffers, and that is something I cannot fix unless I want to trade
gloriously fast and reliable Ethernet connectivity for a modem. My
correspondents do not have PGP and are not likely to get it. So, a public
alpha nym helps in this (perhaps unique) case.
rich at alpha.c2.org also works as a permanent address (knock on wood).

@_date: 1996-05-11 15:25:27
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: PGP, Inc. 
[Actually talking about VeriSign certs]
For the first level, this is correct. I didn't even see an AUP
discouraging spoofing.
Just visit  with the Netscape 3.x beta and see.

@_date: 1996-05-11 16:22:52
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [Yadda Yadda Heil Dave] Re: remailer@utopia.hacktic.nl down 
Also on  find examples of Scientology's commitment to human
rights, free speech on the Internet, responsible business and medical
practices, and Freedom*.   * - Freedom is a registered trademark of the Religious Technology Center

@_date: 1996-05-11 16:47:44
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Are remailers designed to be knocked down? 
I think this is reasonable. I would HOPE that a remailer under heavy
attack would be able to shut down, publicly, before it was taken over by
the legal authorities or other armed thugs.

@_date: 1996-05-11 17:38:35
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [Yadda Yadda Heil Dave] Re: Rich is leaving for thetapunks 
If I didn't know him better, I'd have thought that Dave had entirely
missed my sarcasm. Thanks for the laugh, Skippy!  FUCKING SCIENTOLOGIST*
 * - FUCKING SCIENTOLOGIST is a registered trademark of the Religious
     Technology Center

@_date: 1996-05-11 19:16:36
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Reminder/details on May 11th SF Bay Area Meeting 
Tomorrow, noon, Tresidder patio at Stanford. If you have the bandwidth,
you can get a DETAILED look at EXACTLY where we'll sit through
Tresidder is at B4; a closeup picture of the benches where we'll sit is at
Different versions of the JPEGs are appropriate for monitors with
different gamma settings.
(Why yes, as a matter of fact, we *did* have far too much time on our
If people are really nice, we might sneak into my office for Ethernet
connectivity and presentation hardware. I suppose it's probably too late to offer to drive people from the PA
CalTrain station to campus, but you could page me. If you were counting on
the shuttle, sorry, it doesn't run tomorrow. It's about a 25-minute walk.
There will also be a "Spring Faire" and a "Powwow" on campus this weekend,
so count on a little traffic. Nowhere near as bad as a football game, mind
Thai City is excellent (and cheap).

@_date: 1996-05-11 19:28:51
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Hacktic remailer shutdown 
Church of Scientology. Someone posted too many Secret Scriptures, it
seems. The details, nobody has shared. Conspiracy theories, galore, but I
have faith in their judgement and commitment to free speech and anonymity.
I'm sure it was a tough decision.
Btw, I don't believe it has shut down yet. Rather, the operators announced
that due to "recent events," there would be a planned shutdown on May
20th. I *would* like to know if the mail2news gateway is going down in addition
to the remailer. I'm assuming that it is.

@_date: 1996-05-14 15:50:14
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Fingerprinting annoyance 
Honorable Senator, if you wish to work for the government (or certain
other orgs with a big impact on the public, or in certain highly sensitive
posts, like armed security guard), then you simply have to put up with
this. Especially if you're working for *my* government, or flying *my*
airplane, or guarding *my* money, it's not in my interest to help you.
So... don't work for the government. Work for yourself, or for someone who
treats you like a grownup. Liberty ain't always free and easy.
Sneak into a morgue (I assume you wouldn't even consider involving a third
party who isn't already dead).
See to it that you're never fingerprinted a second time. Actually, if you simply give them a mirror image of your prints, some
matching techniques might fail...

@_date: 1996-05-14 19:30:06
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Transitive trust and MLM 
That sounds sincere coming from someone who calls himself "eli+" :-)
Yes, that is a problem. That problem is one of the reasons that public key
encryption was invented, actually.
The way to know whether an untrusted key really belongs to someone is to
wait for the response. Which means don't spill all the beans at once.

@_date: 1996-05-14 19:42:59
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Fingerprinting annoyance 
I nominate this for quote of the week.
In general, my answer remains, "Do you really want to work for an
organization that would make you do this? What are they going to make you
do next?"

@_date: 1996-05-14 20:35:58
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Fingerprinting annoyance 
It's times like those that Jim Bell makes some sense. SOME.

@_date: 1996-05-15 19:03:26
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: crosspost re remailers 
Actually, there hasn't really been any discussion on cypherpunks, which I
find a little surprising. I'd have thought that a remailer going down
because of political/legal pressure would raise more of a ruckus. People
seem jaded, but I'm not sure why.
I posted a half dozen articles to comp.org.eff.talk, more to stimulate
discussion than to argue a position. We trolled up a statement from Hal
Finney to the effect that remailers might need to be restricted in order
to save them -- which I found to be rather provocative, but nobody said
anything. Anybody?

@_date: 1996-05-18 05:02:46
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: (Fwd) New Anonymous Remailer 
Oh, I don't find the .mil threatening. The fact that the "New Anonymous
Remailer" BS was spammed to every newsgroup in their feed, twice, does
bother me. A lot. See news.admin.net-abuse.misc.

@_date: 1996-05-18 07:58:22
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Pointer to CFV for comp.security.pgp.* 
Please do not redistribute the actual CFV. I'm sure the group will pass;
this just FYI, in case there's anyone here interested in a forum for
discussing cryptography.
See article <832200127.21555 at uunet.uu.net> in news.announce.newgroups.

@_date: 1996-05-18 11:57:09
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Securing CDROM from piracy 
Just put your .signature on the CD. Nobody would dare counterfeit that.

@_date: 1996-05-18 12:12:03
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: crosspost re remailers 
The entry points into the system, though, have value. You need to be able
to locate and trust them. Remailer reputations are valuable. Otherwise,
you're liable to send your message into the NSA-remailers-are-us system.
You need a web of trust among remailers at the very least, which means
some level of exposure (at least by "social analysis" by observing the
relationships among the various remailer nyms).
Chaos within the system is good. Moving remailers around could be good,
provided that a service location infrastructure is established. Raph's
list is a good start, but it needs to be more automatic and dynamic --
which to me (perhaps wrongly) suggests formalization, which means points
of failure. A system whereby you post messages to a public place -- like Usenet -- to
be picked up by a random remailer whose location you do not know could be
attractive, but there's a lot that could go wrong.
I've been assured that the Cypherpunk Cabal (there is no cabal) is working
on the problem.
 "Outlay encryption, and only outlaws will have steganography."

@_date: 1996-05-18 14:20:59
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: (Fwd) New Anonymous Remailer 
See I'm not sure which is worse -- the "service," or the graphics.
Only $5/month for insecure mail forwarding!
But wait, there's more!
An insecure web form that takes credit cards! A ridicuous usage policy!

@_date: 1996-05-18 20:51:52
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [Yadda Yadda Heil Dave] Re: Forced to your knees by Legal VIOLENCE 
I responded to Skippy's on-topic, more or less substantive questions about
remailers in Message-ID
This has absolutely nothing to do with crypto, but that's what I
subscribed to coderpunks for.
I grew up 15 minutes from Metzger and played soccer with one of his kids,
and he threatened some friends of mine.  I've talked to his sidekick Wyatt
Kaldenberg about other things, and defended their absolute right to free
speech on occasion. But other than that, I don't know much about Metzger.
Skippy seems to have this illusion that I'm some big bad anti-racist,
which I find amusing. Another WAR/CoS mal-analogy one could scrawl is that Metzger has paid
about as much of the judgement awarded to the murder victim's family as
CoS has paid to Wollersheim. But I wouldn't follow that line of reasoning
myself, since I'm no fan of the SPLC. Maybe they did a good thing in the
Seraw murder case, but their current suit agaist Pierce's neo-Nazi
National Alliance seems rather SLAPP-ish to me.  I'm sure Morty would try
to justify going after deep-pocket racists by saying that they deserve it
because the $4.5 million or so that The Order White Nationalist
Revolutionary [cough] Movement liberated from banks and convenience stores
has never been recovered, but he's wrong. Sure Bobby claimed to be doing
those robberies in the name of the Aryan Cause, but it looks like he
really spent the money on himself, just like any other "political" crook
(the Contras, the FMLN, Sendero, the Machateros, the US Congress, etc).
The SPLC probably has a web server somewhere with more details, but
there's a minimal amount of information about the case at:
  Tom Metzger's web page (sorry, it's actually John Metzger's web page,
which happens to carry all sorts of stuff from Tom -- you see, facing a $10 court judgement upheld by the Supreme Court, Tom has sworn an oath of
poverty to avoid giving the Zionist Occupational Government any more
blood money)  is at:

@_date: 1996-05-19 01:48:58
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: "Too cheap to meter" 
Actually, nuclear power, per se, is damn cheap. It's the collateral
effects (real, i.e., waste disposal and keeping fissile materials secure
from terrorists, and imagined, i.e., overregulation) that are so
Just like the net. We could have a virtually free flow of information, but
that's not exactly what the gubmint wants, is it. Not to mention that it's
not exactly what we want, either -- Canter & Siegel are only the tip of
the iceberg of the Tragedy of the Commons we'd see on a truly free
network. We don't need the CDA or anything quite that stupid, but I'll drink to
overpriced, arbitrarily restricted net access any day.

@_date: 1996-05-19 02:02:33
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: SEVERE undercapacity, we need more remailer servers FAST 
Once I was more or less done laughing and got off the floor, it occurred
to me that this could provide a revenue stream for anonymous remailers. You'd charge advertisers sub-pennies for these little trailers. I
understand that Sameer is getting very little Ecash for his
remail/by- but maybe if he sold advertising space?
Sure it's crass, but it supposedly works for Juno, the "free email"

@_date: 1996-05-19 05:24:56
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Forced to your knees by Legal VIOLENCE 
Actually, you can be even more clueless than that and still run a
remailer, pretty much as you describe. See:
 But that requires MicroSnot software rather than Linux, and of course,
your ISP is liable to shut you down, without notice, as soon as they
realize what you're doing. The service location and survivability problems
remain. The POP/SMTP remailer idea has a lot of promise forprospective remailer
operators who are clueless and/or lack a full-time net connection, but you
still need to be upfront with your ISP about the fact that you're running
a remailer. The best ISPs will let you. I'm quite impressed with Portal
(or does Hal have something on them?), but I doubt Netcom would let you
into the remailer racket. c2.org, of course, has enough remailers on it already, but I did play
with the WinSock Remailer for a bit. It should be quite trivial to hack
something like it together for Linux. Just run fetchmail or whatever as a
POP client, pipe the mail spool to your mixmaster, and SMTP away.

@_date: 1996-05-20 20:44:44
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Cypherpunks, a political "newsgroup?" 
Me Too!
I can't speak for the old Perry, but I think the Burma thing (government
outlawing communications technology) was perfectly on topic for this list.
I was also inclined to offer to help, if there's anything you think I
could do. I know a couple of grad students who are very interested in the
Burmese political situation, and if there's anything useful that can be
done technologically, I'd like to help.
The Hack China Contest isn't going very well, but perhaps Burma will be
easier.

@_date: 1996-05-20 21:14:56
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: WELCOME TO THE NEW ROMAN EMPIRE 
(I really don't think a [NOISE] tag is necessary; do you?)
[ALL CAPS is by Skippy ]
Funny, I just watched an out-of-work physics PhD talk about a related
subject on 60 Minutes. Confirmed what I already thought about him, Mike,
and Morris (they're all idiots).
Skippy is just playing around with markov again. He trolls in waves:
humor -> trust -> confrontation -> outbust -> quiet -> lather, rinse,
If you have any serious questions about Skippy and friends, please encrypt
your message with the key that follows. I'll probably have something
interesting (and on-topic) to share for the putative June 8th SF area
cypherpunks meeting (we'll have a real room).
- -rich

@_date: 1996-05-21 19:28:21
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: An alternative to remailer shutdowns 
How would you know that the message you received is actually from them? I
don't see how this would really help.
I like the "knock-knock" approach, though it would of necessity impose
load. If someone has an anonymous message waiting, send them a simple note
with instructions on how to retrieve it.
 From: Anonymous Remailer  To: random person  An anonymous message is waiting for you. If you wish to receive this
 message, simply send an email message with [some unique string, maybe an
 MD5 hash of the actual message] in the body of a message to
 hfinney at shell.portal.com. The simplest way to do this is to reply to this
 message, quoting this text. I certainly think that limiting newsgroup posting would be prudent. It's
inexcusable that it's possible to use anonymous remailers to post
*forgeries* (see the smoking flames cross-posted to alt.syntax.tactical).

@_date: 1996-05-21 19:48:36
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: WELCOME TO THE NEW ROMAN EMPIRE 
Since we've already descended into the gutter, I might as well chime in
with the standard:
Dave Harman is, as far as I can tell, a troller whose only interest is in
causing fights. Some people think he's a racist, but I think he's just an
asshole with no convictions of any kind.

@_date: 1996-05-21 22:02:32
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: An alternative to remailer shutdowns 
[Oops, I was replying to Declan's forward of Hal Finney's message, and got
the attribution wong. The path cypherpunks -> fight-censorship -> me is often faster than cypherpunks -> me, probably because unsubscribing
and resubscribing put me way down on the list. Sorry. This was Hal.]
That sounds like a great opportunity for denial-of-service attacks. No,
thank you.
A flat fee for a special-delivery service profile (gimme $5/month and you
get messages automatically, without the confirmation) would be fine, but I
can't see paying per piece to *receive* anonymous messages.

@_date: 1996-05-22 14:35:50
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: An alternative to remailer shutdowns 
Interesting idea, but anything requiring specific software on the user's
end is a losing proposition IMO. remailer-operators at c2.org removed cuz I ain't one.

@_date: 1996-05-23 08:32:47
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: FTC online workshop on privacy 
I'd have to see the bill, but I think it's a good general idea, provided
there's the caveats KNOWINGLY and WITHOUT THEIR [parent/guardian's]
KNOWLEDGE. As much as I hate direct marketers, I don't want them subject
to malicious and arbitrary prosecution because one address out of
thousands happens to belong to a kid. On second thought, why are kids different than adults? Selling lists of
women? Gays? Kids aren't the only group subject to harassment.
They're not *always* wrong. Oh, EPIC too, eh?

@_date: 1996-05-23 17:34:18
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Clipper III analysis 
In the "Nickelodeon" section of Great America amusement park in Sunnyvale,
there's a big sign covered with green ooze saying "Beware of GAK." It's
almost worth $18.00 to go back with a camera.

@_date: 1996-05-23 17:57:47
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: The Crisis with Remailers 
To those unfamiliar with the issues, ars is not a good example. At first,
it looks like a bunch of louts screaming.
I'd mention alt.revisionism, where anonymity is used and recognized by all
sides, usually responsibly (though that probably wasn't true before I
dropped in). It's the stupid skinheads configuring Netscape with
"anonymous" addresses that bug me; I usually find their real address and
tell them how to get a real remailer or freenet account. Of course, to people who don't know what to filter, alt.revisionism also
looks like a bunch of louts screaming.

@_date: 1996-05-24 14:34:43
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: SF Bay Area: Topics (?) for Meeting June 8th 
Apologies if you prefer leaving these for the last minute.
Unless someone has a better place, we'll meet at Stanford again, this time
with a big enough room, fewer singing trees, and less sun putting me to
Since we'll have a projection screen and multiple T3 Internet connection
(knock on wood), it might be nice to show off some mockups of crypto GUIs,
as discussed last time. Just hack together some GIFs or HTML to show what
you like. In order to justify a room, this will be billed as a Stanford PGP Club
meeting, so a key signing and a presentation from somebody (?) on some PGP
thing (?) would probably be appropriate.
Any chance of what's-their-name that stood us up last time showing up this
There may be a speaker from CMU talking about net.censorship and
privacy/pseudonymity in academia.
Other topics?

@_date: 1996-05-24 14:56:04
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: your mail 
Well, he's got his name in lights. Shouldn't we all be impressed? I'm
certainly impressed that he's figured out, all by his lonesome, how to Cc
every Usenet and cypherpunks post to me.

@_date: 1996-05-24 15:21:33
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: FYA: "The ANOREV INTERCEPTS" [Usenet censorship] (fwd) 
Sometimes I amaze even myself, or whoever people think I am. This was
written by Tallpaul, everyone's favorite anti-fascist activist.
            INFORMATIONAL FOLLOWUP TO INTERNET NEWS GROUPS
                        "rec.music.white-power"
                        "soc.politics.marxism"
                    "talk.politics.natl-socialism"
Because of the role I played in the campaign to get people to VOTE NO
on "rec.music.white-power" many people have sent me e-mail asking about
the vote results on several political news groups on the internet. The
following is the latest data available as posted in the official USENET
news group called "news.groups".
1. "rec.music.white-power" (RMW-P)
Today, May 21 at 04:46 GMT, the vote taker Michael Handler posted a
message to "news groups" that read:
"I have completed the tabulation of the rec.music.white-power vote, and
submitted the results to David Lawrence. They should be posted shortly.
"I will comment more on the subject, including regarding the delay in
the posting of the results, once the results have been posted to
The battle over RMW-P was perhaps the most intensive in the history of
the internet and informal earlier reports indicated the raw vote broke
the all-time internet record by a factor of two. The results of the
vote, whatever they are and however they were counted, promises to be
equally if not more controversial, particularly because of the two+
month delay between the vote deadline and the announcement of the
I will inform all of you what the vote is as soon as it is posted.
2. "soc.politics.marxism"
Yesterday, May 20 at 22:12 (GMT -04:00), the vote taker Brennan Price
posted a message to "news groups" announcing that the group passed the
vote 355 to 106.
There is now a formal five-day waiting period for people to
comment/protest/etc. on how the vote was counted, the method(s) used to
invalidate ballots, and so forth.
I will also keep you informed of how this discussion unfolds.
3. "talk.politics.natl-socialism" (TPN-S)
R. Graves was the original proponent of TPN-S. He had opposed the
earlier RMW-P group but on technical, not political reasons, and he
does, as he once put it, "not consider [himself] anti-racist." Rather
Graves opposition centered on whether the nazi news group had
demonstrated sufficient interest as a music group, whether it had been
properly proposed in terms of proper USENET/uunet electronic paperwork
at the like.
His version of the Kleim proposal for a nazi group was designed, in
part, to straighten out this paperwork.
Highly skilled technically, Graves seems quite clueless about the
nature of fascism as a political tendency off the internet in the real
world. He has opposed individual cybernazi dirty tricks in cyberspace,
including some first-class technical tracking of cybernazis using
anonymity and other devices to hide their identities. On the other
hand, he has announced, for example, that there are only some one-to-
two thousand hardened nazis in the entire world.
Before the vote on SPM was announced, Graves stated he was "thinking of
dropping" his proposal for the nazi group on the grounds (among others)
that even the cybernazis themselves showed little interest in it.
However, today at 00:35 (GMT -7:00) he posted to "news.groups" under
the subject line "Going forward with talk.politics.natl-socialism after
all" that:
"The recent 60 Minutes interview with Dr. William Pierce, in which Mike
Wallace was obviously uninformed about the person with whom he was
speaking, has reestablished the need, as far as I am concerned, for a
public forum dedicated to the discussion of national socialist
movements. With Milton Kleim's permission, I will list him as an
official co-proponent on the third RFD, for which I believe we just
barely have time."
Kleim accepted almost immediately.
Graves's new view threatens additional ominous organizing by cybernazis
on the net as they go for an additional news group even before the
results of their previous organizing effort is announced.
Nor does Graves's reason for going ahead seem particularly convincing.
A search of the internet reveals only four mentions of Dr. William
Pierce in recent times. One of them is by Graves himself a week or so
before the Wallace interview. The other three were all responses to the
interview. Nor does it seem likely that Mike Wallace or his staff will
be avid readers of Graves's proposed TPN-S. Graves's decision also
comes immediately after the statement that the votes on the earlier
cybernazi proposal RMW-P were counted.
It is possible that Graves's genuinely changed his mind (as did Milton
Kleim) independently of the success of SPM and the vote on RMW-P. But
one wonders how many will be convinced that this is the case versus the
number that will see Graves's reference to Pierce/Wallace as more
rationalization than reason.
Still, until Graves's third version of the proposal is written and
posted there seems little to be gained by any formal speculation on his
motives or those of the cybernazis. Nor, until the vote on RMW-P is
announced does it seem beneficial for new people to closely follow the
post-announcement followups to "news.groups."
I and others will be closely monitoring the group and will keep you
informed of what is happening, what we think the significance is, and
our thinking on how best to support, oppose, or avoid it.
The short time line is uncertain. (Thus I am not even getting this
ready to mail until I have again checked the group when I next log on.)
But for political activists it promises to be an "interesting" summer
and fall.
--tallpaul at nyc.pipeline.com
Post Script to New Readers: This series of letters originated with what
a few of us jokingly call the ANOREV INTERCEPTS. I returned to the
internet in September 1995 after a long absence. Various technical
people who were anti-fascist but not activists had been following
cybernazi organizing attempts in cyberspace. They had assembled a
series of documents and analyses of the nazis, and, knowing that I was
an antifascist activist sent me copies. (Some years ago Anglo/US
intelligence intercepted and decoded some detailed material from Soviet
intelligence that was code-worded VERONA. ANOREV is just that word
spelled backwards.) The ANOREV material proved to be highly accurate.
Based on this, I started the series called "This computer kills
fascists," posting material to friends and other net activists.

@_date: 1996-05-24 18:13:56
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Children's Privacy Act 
Good and valid points about the CPA's hypocrisy and inanity, but this
doesn't really address the bill (was it meant to?). CDA + CPA = bad. CDA = bad. CPA is still indeterminate.
I recognize that criminalizing the free flow of information is like trying
to stick your finger in a dike, but every little bit has an effect. In
this case, I'd call it a positive effect. I was certainly disappointed to hear a couple of cypherpunks the other day
discussing for-profit offshore data havens full of personal information
that is illegal to collect in the US as a business opportunity *they* were
interested in pursuing. I just can't see myself doing that, for anybody.
Gubmint or private, doesn't matter.

@_date: 1996-05-25 10:55:21
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Anarchy Online 
Yeah, you'd mentioned it, but I hadn't read it until just now. I see he
mentions me on  but
my name is badly misspelled; it starts with "R," not "D." Donna's name is
badly misspelled, too, early on. I wholeheartedly support his conclusions, by the way. They're based on
a number of incorrect premises, but any fictions are convenient ones. - -rich

@_date: 1996-05-25 11:16:12
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Children's Privacy Act 
Yes, but is it a motivation to do "good" or "evil"? Maybe this belongs on
PHILOSOPHYpunks. Who would control the offshore data havens? What would they have on me? I
am well aware of what TRW et al can do, but at least in theory (cough),
they're legally accountable (cough). I know you disagree, but I'm a big fan of statutes of limitations and the
firewalling of unrelated issues. Someone went bankrupt or beat her husband
seven years ago (or whatever), I don't want to know about it. I'd rather
ten (configurable) guilty men go free than one innocent man get punished.
These are artificial boundaries, yes, but they're boundaries within which
I'm comfortable living.

@_date: 1996-05-25 13:52:24
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Anarchy Online 
Oh, I have no doubt that he believes everything you tell him. So, Charles,
do you think I'm a net.loon, and why? Please reply publicly on
cypherpunks. I'd like E. Allen Smith and Jim Bell to read this.
Declan, I sincerely apologize by "avoiding" you by going to a long-
scheduled DHCP implementation meeting with Rob Riepel and Roger Avedon
rather than taking your one call.  As I told you, again, yesterday, my
alphanumeric pager can be reached via rich at beep.stanford.edu (80
characters from the Subject: line), and I'd be happy to talk to you at any
convenient time outside working hours.
 moderator, comp.os.ms-windows.announce

@_date: 1996-05-25 16:40:35
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Children's Privacy Act 
I think forgiveness, within reason, tends to have a positive economic
effect. I'm not the same person I was seven years ago, or even seven
months. (Is it 7 years, btw? Or was it 12? It's arbitrary, in any case.) I have no objection to allowing someone to become, and remain, a
productive member of society years after fucking up badly. Note there are
no statutes of limitations and no forgive-and-forget mandates for the more
heinous violent crimes.
Someone once said something about giving up a little freedom in return for
How far does this go? Do you want your insurance company controlling your
life? "Managed care" is bad enough. I'm willing to pay a little more into
the risk pool if it means I don't have to submit to a DNA test, and don't
have to submit all of my grocery purchases for nutritional review, and
don't have to be fingerprinted, and don't have to tell them the details of
my sex life, and don't have to tell them every time I walk outside without
wearing sunscreen.
OK, that's a straw man. The last couple examples show why some laws aren't
necessary. The market simply wouldn't accept a too-totalitarian insurance
company; people would rather pay as they go, and accept the risk
themselves. But why is it fair to discriminate against detectable risks,
when undetectable risks may be more expensive?

@_date: 1996-05-25 17:23:10
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Children's Privacy Act 
I'm sure you know the law and practice better, but my insurance seems to
have a "preexisting conditions" clause. Knowingly doing the above
constitutes fraud. (Of course lots of people probably get away with it.)
Moreover, when the insurance company pays out, that ultimately comes out
of premiums. I don't have Huntington's, but I don't mind paying an extra
$X into a risk pool for people with Huntington's because it means I don't
have to submit to genetic screening, either. You don't have to have
something to hide to see it as an invasion of privacy. It's a pool of
consumers establishing preferences, not just individual consumers v. producers. The meaning of microeconomics changes as it scales.
By "fairness" I meant that equal risks should be treated equally. Cost of
disease A = cost of disease B. The detection of predisposition to disease
A is politically feasible, but the same isn't true for disease B. I'd say
you were discriminating against people predisposed to disease A, because
they're paying into the risk pool for B, but B isn't paying into the risk
pool for A.

@_date: 1996-05-27 14:42:22
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: WhoWhere Robot strikes again 
WhoWhere.com and ParsecWeb.com are being firewalled from all but a few
networks at stanford.edu, ucr.edu, and other places. This is a step I
recommend to others. Unfortunately, I have more important things to worry about than fighting
off threats from some petty net-abusing scam, but I'd be glad to give the
reasons privately.

@_date: 1996-05-27 15:49:07
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: WhoWhere Robot strikes again 
Btw, when they bought me lunch a few weeks ago, they promised to register
their robot and follow the robot exclusion standard right away.

@_date: 1996-05-27 15:56:56
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: nCognito is Dead.. 
To the honor list of ISPs accepting of free/anonymous speech, add:
l0pht.com (not exactly an ISP, though...)
I'm maintaining a list of sorts at

@_date: 1996-05-27 16:10:29
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: WhoWhere Robot strikes again 
What they are doing is spidering the entire web looking for anything that
looks like an email address, running a dictionary finger attack on the
host part of any email addresses they find, and reporting things that look
like lists of email addresses to humans (or the closest approximation
employed by WhoWhere). Usually they do port scans for http and whois
servers too.
The way they bootstrapped their database was with dictionary searches on
InterNIC and okra.ucr.edu, with a significant enough effect that lawsuits
were considered.

@_date: 1996-05-28 15:45:16
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: SEM_tex 
I suppose that's one way to deal with a housekeeping problem...

@_date: 1996-05-28 16:18:08
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: none [mail2news broke] 
Usura just answered this on alt.privacy.anon-server. The basement
mail2news gateway is temporarily blocking posts from c2.org until the
alt.syntax.tactical forgers go away or can be filtered with new code.
While I publicly whined that SOMETHING needed to be done about the problem
(for PR reasons if nothing else), I'm disappointed that there was no
public announcement of the downtime first. Heck, when Scientology came
knocking, there was an 11-day window before utopia shut down... Of course, there's probably more to this than we mere mortals know, so
don't take this as any kind of judgement. (I'm answering mainly to cover
my ass that it ain't totally my fault.)

@_date: 1996-05-30 09:39:00
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: INteresting tidbit 
Oh, I believe he read the story on the firewalls list. I wouldn't go any
farther than that, though.

@_date: 1996-05-30 12:54:48
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: WSJ on "IRS-bashing" 
I agree. I don't think it will surprise me, though, because it just ain't
gonna happen. :-)
Fascinating. Could you provide citations to these laws so that people in
this plane of reality might take a look at them? Over here, any such law
would be invalidated by R.A.V. v. St. Paul. The only exceptions are
restrictions on "fighting words" that meet the tests in Chaplinsky v. New
Hampshire and "hostile working environment" discrimination, which I assume
is what you're talking about, in some elliptical way.
 In February, John Howard opened a Ku Klux Klan museum and apparel store,
 called The Redneck Shop, in Laurens, S. Car.  Asked by a reporter what
 the reaction was by townspeople, Howard said, "The only people I've had a
 problem with, who took it as an insult and a racial situation, have been
 blacks.  I didn't know blacks here were so prejudiced."  [Louisville
 Courier-Journal-AP, 3-7-96]

@_date: 1996-06-01 11:14:43
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Optimism re NRC Cryptography Report 
I agree. As a political matter, which is often what really counts, the NRC
report is almost unambiguously positive. It pays at least lip service to
everything that civil libertarians and coders who'd like to be able to
export crypto have been saying for years, thereby legitimizing them. The fact that the technical details -- 56-bit encryption, suggestions that
surveilance within the US might be a good idea -- betray the supposed
conclusions of the report is largely irrelevant. The general public/
politicians aren't going to understand the technical details. They're
going to see the headline, "NRC Report Backs Crypto Exports and *Real*
Work the headline, claim that they agree with you 100% (even though you
know that they don't), and continue to say what you believe. It's called

@_date: 1996-11-08 11:51:44
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Exon Countdown Clock and farewell messages 
Some of you might find this amusing.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
The Fade to Black Pages have been updated.
This week we started the official Senator Exon Countdown Clock. (Days till
retirement on Jan 3 1997). We also made it available for you to submit your
own personal message to the Senator.
All the messages will be delivered via certified Fed-X on his last days in
office. Now you to can send a personal greeting to the Senator allowing him
to know how much you appreciated all he has attempted to do for the Internet.
We would attempt to send it via a Email, but the respected Senator does not
have Email. (The Irony).

@_date: 1996-11-11 16:51:10
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Federal Reserve Bank is ILLEGAL? [BOB DYLAN] 
Indeed. It's hilarious, especially the References section. Thanks!
I think maybe you should take a look at the Noontide Press catalog.
- -rich
ObCopyrightViolation (not really on-topic, because Carto and Pierce were
kicked out of the Birch Society, but it's funnier than, for example,
TALKIN' JOHN BIRCH PARANOID BLUES
(Words and Music by Bob Dylan)
1970, 1973 Special Rider Music
Well, I was feelin' sad and feelin' blue,
I didn't know what in the world I was gonna do,
Them Communists they wus comin' around,
They wus in the air,
They wus on the ground.
They wouldn't gimme no peace. . .
So I run down most hurriedly
And joined up with the John Birch Society,
I got me a secret membership card
And started off a-walkin' down the road.
Yee-hoo, I'm a real John Bircher now!
Look out you Commies!
Now we all agree with Hitlers' views,
Although he killed six million Jews.
It don't matter too much that he was a Fascist,
At least you can't say he was a Communist!
That's to say like if you got a cold you take a shot of malaria.
Well, I wus lookin' everywhere for them gol-darned Reds.
I got up in the mornin' 'n' looked under my bed,
Looked in the sink, behind the door,
Looked in the glove compartment of my car.
Couldn't find 'em . . .
I wus lookin' high an' low for them Reds everywhere,
I wus lookin' in the sink an' underneath the chair.
I looked way up my chimney hole,
I even looked deep inside my toilet bowl.
They got away . . .
Well, I wus sittin' home alone an' started to sweat,
Figured they wus in my T.V. set.
Peeked behind the picture frame,
Got a shock from my feet, hittin' right up in the brain.
Them Reds caused it!
I know they did . . . them hard-core ones.
Well, I quit my job so I could work alone,
Then I changed my name to Sherlock Holmes.
Followed some clues from my detective bag
And discovered they wus red stripes on the American flag!
That ol' Betty Ross . . .
Well, I investigated all the books in the library,
Ninety percent of 'em gotta be burned away.
I investigated all the people that I knowed,
Ninety-eight percent of them gotta go.
The other two percent are fellow Birchers . . . just like me.
Now Eisenhower, he's a Russian spy,
Lincoln, Jefferson and that Roosevelt guy.
To my knowledge there's just one man
That's really a true American:  George Lincoln Rockwell.
I know for a fact he hates Commies cus he picketed the movie Exodus.
Well, I fin'ly started thinkin' straight
When I run outa things to investigate.
Couldn't imagine doin' anything else,
So now I'm sittin' home investigatin' myself!
Hope I don't find out anything . . . hmm, great God!

@_date: 1996-11-14 01:16:38
@_author: Richard Charles Graves 
@_subject: [REBUTTAL] Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News 
You're so naive. The Trilateral Commission is just a puppet of General
Electric, the British Royal Family, the Illuminati, the Council on Foreign
Relations, the Elders of Zion, the Knights Templar, the Military-
Industrial Complex, the Communists, the Secret Government, Dead White
Males, the Freemasons, the CIA, Scientology, and my Aunt Marge.
 special agent, zog northwest
 i do not speak for the world affairs council

@_date: 1996-11-18 01:00:42
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: BayLISA: Randal Schwartz, Just Another Convicted Perl Hacker (fwd) 
This should be QUITE entertaining.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Newsgroups: ba.announce
The BayLISA group meets monthly to discuss topics of interest to systems
and network administrators.  The meetings are free and open to the public.
BayLISA holds monthly meetings on the third Thursday of each month at
7:30 PM PST.  We meet at Cisco building J in San Jose, on Tasman Drive near
First street. (This is across the street from the room we met in at Cisco last
month). See  for more information.  The meetings are also
broadcast via MBONE.
NOTE:  AS OF OCTOBER, WE HAVE MOVED TO CISCO.  This is a new location. Thanks
very much to Synopsys for hosting us.
November 21
Randal Schwartz: Just Another Convicted Perl Hacker
This talk will describe how the speaker became a felon in the
process of doing his job as a systems administrator in the
well-publicized Oregon v. Schwartz case (victim: Intel).  It will
include some points about Oregon's current law and the implications
of this case on the computer community.  There will be a special
focus on how to make sure this doesn't happen to you.
There will be copies of Randal's new PERL book available if you would like to
get one signed.
BayLISA Board Elections & member meeting before the regular meeting
At 7:00, Elections for the BayLISA board will be held.  We encourage all
members to vote.  If you aren't a member, this is a good time to join (see our
Web site)
December 19
Our Holiday meeting-- Join us to share goodies and computer horror stories, as
well as descriptions of stupid computer tricks.  There will be a prize for best
story.  This is a very informal meeting, and will not be broadcast on the
January 16
Brent Chapman, Containment Zones (firewalls to keep people in)
February 20
Standards efforts and how they will effect you
March 20
Paul Vixie
[Schedule subject to change]
For further information on BayLISA, check out our web site:
To get further information on the meeting location, you can also ftp it from
For any other information, please send email to:
If you have any questions, please contact me or the info alias listed above.

@_date: 1996-10-23 00:28:28
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Password Thief for Windows 95 (fwd) 
One of the more entertaining submissions to comp.os.ms-windows.announce.
Looks on topic to me, so it's approved....
He's also got "monitoring software" called "Mr. Burns." I love it.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Newsgroups: comp.os.ms-windows.announce
You can now find the Password Thief for Windows 95 on the
Internet.  This small utility sits around in your system
quitely logging all password that were typed.  This includes
login, screen saver, etc

@_date: 1996-10-24 20:42:14
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Merc: PacBell predicts imminent death of the net; film at 11 
Full text freely available at (they do one or two net-related stories "free" per day)
Pac Bell says Net use may collapse phone system
ISPs rebut dire, 'trumped-up' prediction
Published: Oct. 24, 1996
BY HOWARD BRYANT
Mercury News Staff Writer
As many as one of every six telephone calls in Silicon Valley now
doesn't go through on the first try because Internet denizens are
tying up the lines, Pacific Bell reported Wednesday.
Under normal circumstances, less than 1 percent of calls go
uncompleted, the company said. The situation is so dire that
California's entire phone system is in danger of breakdown, a company
executive said, with Silicon Valley especially on red alert.
But rather than being a sign of imminent collapse, critics called Pac
Bell's startling statistic a trumped-up charge designed to scare the
public and pressure federal regulators into ending a price break
Internet service providers enjoy when tying into Pac Bell's network.
''The Internet is a baby and Pac Bell has been in this game since
Alexander Graham Bell's bar mitzvah. Now they're saying that in the
last three weeks, we broke the phone system? Come on,'' said the head
of a service provider who asked not to be named for fear of reprisal
by Pac Bell.
At the heart of the issue is a pricing conflict between Pac Bell and
the ISPs. In 1983, the Federal Communications Commission gave
companies that offered Internet services, and other ''enhanced service
providers,'' an exemption from the per-minute fees that other
companies, such as long-distance telephone companies, pay to use Pac
Bell's network.
Wiping out the subsidy would force Internet companies to find new,
more efficient ways of pricing that better reflect actual usage,
Parker said.
In all likelihood, Net service prices would increase for consumers.
''This is clearly a ruse,'' said Dick Severy, director of public
policy for MCI. ''They've added 691,000 access lines
this year. Business lines are up. It's curious.''

@_date: 1996-10-27 14:18:57
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Merc: PacBell predicts imminent death of the net; film at 11 
For more on this disinformation campaign, see the thread of same title in

@_date: 1997-04-28 00:52:42
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: PATHS: Internet Taxation (Wednesday May 7, 4:15 pm) (fwd) 
FYI for SF Bay Aryans.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
                POLICY AND TECHNOLOGY HORIZONS SEMINAR
                          INTERNET TAXATION:
                     ECONOMICS, TECHNOLOGY AND LAW
                          CHARLES McLURE, Jr.
                          HOOVER INSTITUTION
                   Wednesday, May 7, 1997, 4:15 pm
              Manning Faculty Lounge, Stanford Law School
     (RSVP Susan French, SLTPC at forsythe.stanford.edu, or 723-0981)
Should electronic commerce be taxed, and how?
What should be taxed, income, sales, or both?
Who should tax, the federal government, states, or both?
Should a special excise tax be imposed on selected aspects of electronic commerce?
Is Internet taxation feasible, and how?
Answering these and similar questions requires agreement on the appropriate economic objectives of Internet taxation combined with an understanding of the dynamic interplay between technological and legal A draft paper will be available from  after May 2.
Charles E. McLure, Jr., a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution, specializes in the economics of taxation and tax reform.  He has served as Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Tax Analysis, a senior economist on the staff of the President's Council of Economic Advisers, vice president of the National Bureau of Economic Research, and a tax policy consultant to various countries, the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund, and the United Nations.
Policy and Technology Horizons Seminars (PATHS) examine technological developments that may require a fundamental re-examination of policy, law, and regulation. Sponsored by the Stanford Law and Technology Policy Center, PATHS help identify critical policy issues in time for intelligent policymaking.

@_date: 1997-02-07 01:48:18
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: ANNOUNCEMNT: February 1997 Cypherpunks Bay Area Meeting 
A couple things need underscoring:         ^^^^^
Thomsen needs to leave early, so we will make every effort to "start on
                       ^^^^^^^^
I.e., Ethernet, either 10BaseT or coax, no firewall. Please show up by 11:30
if you want an IP address. Hooked up to the projectors are a PowerMac, a
Windows 95 box, and I might lug my Linux box over, too. One analog phone, in
case anyone wants one. I suppose we could still do live RealAudio and/or
CU-SeeMe iff someone feels they have something to say of such earth-
shattering importance that the whole net must hear. Otherwise, I'd rather
keep the distracting toys out of the way.

@_date: 1997-02-07 07:11:17
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: ANNOUNCEMNT: February 1997 Cypherpunks Bay Area Meeting 
A couple things need underscoring:         ^^^^^
Thomsen needs to leave early, so we will make every effort to "start on
                       ^^^^^^^^
I.e., Ethernet, either 10BaseT or coax, no firewall. Please show up by 11:30
if you want an IP address. Hooked up to the projectors are a PowerMac, a
Windows 95 box, and I might lug my Linux box over, too. One analog phone, in
case anyone wants one. I suppose we could still do live RealAudio and/or
CU-SeeMe iff someone feels they have something to say of such earth-
shattering importance that the whole net must hear. Otherwise, I'd rather
keep the distracting toys out of the way.

@_date: 1997-01-13 21:25:14
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: And she's no blond..... 
[joke from article ]
Soon you'll be able to count on that kind of personal service from
AltaVista, which recently paired with DoubleClick. Look where the banner
ads take you now.

@_date: 1997-01-15 17:28:21
@_author: Richard Charles Graves 
@_subject: Stanford now has an excellent document on privacy and electronic records... 
...but it's not available in electronic form. The mind reels.
Folks near campus might pick up a copy of Stanford Today, which has the
240-column-inch president's report on privacy issues as an insert. If anyone
has an electronic copy, let me know. I figure I'd be the last to know.

@_date: 1997-06-10 18:07:32
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Thoughtcrime (Re: My War) 
Comrade Declan:
Thank you for labeling se7en's thoughtcrime as such and blocking his
subversive and enturbulating assertions from the fight-censorship mailing
list. The counterrevolutionary sedition that there is such a thing as
kiddie porn on the Holy Internet shall be suppressed forthwith. Verily,
traitor to the Holy Cause se7en is naught but an NSA Shill, who belongs
in the Pit of Despair with the other thought criminals.
Operation Free Speech II is proceeding according to the Five-Year Plan.
- -rich

@_date: 1997-06-14 08:12:11
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Ray Just doesn't get it. 
Yeah. We'd better criminalize publishing computer security exploits, too. Some information is just too damn dangerous. If there is no public record of stuff like real estate, how are we supposed
to know who owns what? Whoever's got the biggest gun?
- -rich

@_date: 1997-06-14 08:34:34
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: There's no general right to privacy -- get over it, from Netly 
Not that I feel strongly either way, but the other way to look at this is
that the current Congress likes its cozy little districts and likes
restricting the census to people with permanent addresses, which tends to
bias the figures in favor of suburbia.
I certainly agree with the fundamental points that censuses and districting
have always been important, and hence political[ly corrupted]. Anyone here
descended from 3/5ths people? - -rich

@_date: 1997-06-14 08:36:34
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: FUCK YOU: There's no general right to privacy -- get over it, 
Pretty good article.
No need to go through them all. Just one record is guaranteed to set him and
his friends off.
Ray, he was talking about *rights*, not *morals*. I don't believe anyone has
an absolute *right* to privacy, but that doesn't mean I think it would be
anything short of morally abhorrent to knowingly post, say, Declan's social
security number. He has no legal or moral *right* to privacy, but it would
be morally *wrong*, and I would truly be scum, if I knowingly posted it. Rights are negative; morals are positive. The burden of proof is entirely
different. Journalists have a First Amendment right to be free from
government-imposed restrictions on speech, including non-criminal invasions
of privacy (some invasions of privacy can be criminal if the target is not a
public figure -- but such prosecutions are extremely rare), but some
journalists are truly scum. Others, like Declan in this case, get bashed
over misinterpretations and ideological flamers.
- -rich

@_date: 1997-06-14 12:08:10
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Anonymous proxies & ITAR question 
Also sprach nobody:
This is why we need more remailers, and why it's good that you posted
anonymously. The proper thing to do is to be "shocked, shocked!" that
anything illegal is happening on your server, immediately shut it down
(counting on the network to be self-healing with the help of an enhanced
remailer list), and offer to cooperate fully. Unfortunately, you don't
keep logs, so you wouldn't really be able to help (damn!).

@_date: 1997-06-16 04:59:50
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Spam Libs (Frauenfelder on HotWired) 
Damn... this bug must spread like the Good Times Virus. Mine just started
showing one of these symptoms, too, but only when approached by certain
domains (it being impolite to hit people who've been framed).
Have you isolated any code fragments that might help a virus scanner detect
this problem? This must be stopped, and I think full disclosure might help.
- -rich

@_date: 1997-06-27 11:55:06
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: EAR cookbook anyone? 
We would like to distribute strong encryption (PGP, Netscape, MSIE,
Kerberos, SSH, lynx-ssl, etc.) to people affiliated with our institution
without prejudice to their current location, as the Fortune 100 can do with
PGP. Today I got management to agree that it would be worth my time to
ensure that we do so legally and publicly (though we had already decided to
distribute said software to new and continuing affiliates worldwide
regardless). There's a lot of examples of ITAR CJR's online, but I don't see any examples
of EAR whatchamacallits. Are we really going to need some lawyer for this,
or can't I just send Commerce a form letter, say, tomorrow afternoon? Form
letters my department can fill in and sign, but paying a lawyer would
require a level of bureaucracy that I'd rather not deal with.
The deadline in any case would be August 25th.  i'm back... if i haven't responded to your mail sent the last week and a
 half, it's probably because it just wasn't interesting. nothing personal.

@_date: 1997-05-18 14:59:30
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: referers and W3 (fwd) 
A friend who webmasters a large site that is implementing referer-specific
content sent me this when I mentioned the cpunks/cryptography thread of a
few months back. I basically agree with the W3C. While user education on the
potential privacy threat is essential, I do not believe that Netscape should
violate published technical standards. There are also privacy and property
issues from the server's perspective.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
The following text was added to W3's page on HTML on May 8.  If nobody else has noticed this, you might wish to share it with the cypherpunks, I don't know.
   HTML, Hypertext Links and Referer URLs
   In a vacuum, semantically neutral technology attracts meaning. If
   neutral technology is useful, commerce -- abhorring a vacuum --
   uses technology in often-unforeseen ways to build new markets.
   Over the past year we have seen attempts to create meaning for
   HTML references where none existed before. Links have been argued
   to mean revenue streams, approval, a source of liability,
   endorsement, and ownership.
   The Web depends on hypertext links between resources. Links can
   act as references, or to embed material, both of which are
   concepts that have been around for a long long time. Whats new
   with the Web is the ability to follow links quickly.
   When a user clicks on a link, the URL of the page containing the
   link is passed to the server along with the requested URL. This
   gives Web sites the opportunity to customize the response
   according to the page the user clicked on.
   If someone jumps into a Web site without entering via the home
   page, a content provider may choose to turn them away or to
   redirect them to the home page. A smarter Web site could use
   partial string matches on the Referer and Requested URLs to
   customize the page it returns.
   One reason for doing this is to ensure visitors see the banner ads
   and promotions, a site is using to create revenue; another is to
   avoid broken links when people (or indexing engines) bookmark
   transitory Web pages.
   The Referer URL can also be used to determine how to honor
   requests for images or applets. For instance, you might decide to
   only provide images to sites which have signed a license agreement
   with you.

@_date: 1997-05-18 16:49:39
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: dhp.com is blocked by CyberSitter 
Who worth talking to isn't?
I have repeatedly requested that they block comp.os.ms-windows.announce and
stanford.edu because we allow content they might find objectionable, but
Milburn has REFUSED to do so. "We don't block sites just because some guy
say so." He's bouncing all subsequent requet from me to block my own web
site to my postmaster, i.e., me.
I still think a counter-blocking approach is appropriate. If you run a
popular web site, make it inaccessible to CyberSitter users. It's easy:
CyberSitter is the only program that understands "the VCR standard."

@_date: 1997-05-19 08:26:31
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: referers and W3 (fwd) 
Yes, I'm aware of that. I don't think it's a good idea. If you don't agree
with the standard, work within the W3C to change it. Especially if it's an
undocumented cypherpunk-only feature, that bugs me.
