
@_date: 1994-12-01 12:55:37
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Is it happening already ? 
I hope this is not the start of a trend toward meaningless signatures along
the lines I mentioned recently. Hal Finney, who commands more respect from me
than does anyone else on the list to date, has just started to PGP sign his
messages to the list. However, so far they haven't been signed with a key I've
been able to locate. AFAIK, he hasn't sent it to the list. Portal does not
accept external fingers. I requested "GET Finney" from one of the key servers
at MIT, but all I received was the remailer key I had before. Does someone
else have Hal's key ?  I could send him mail directly, but I'd prefer to get
the key from someone else if it's out there (to learn from my mistake), or
else raise this issue again if it's deliberately unavailable.
- -L. Futplex McCarthy; PGP key by finger or server
"Don't say my head was empty, when I had things to hide...." --Men at Work

@_date: 1994-12-01 14:38:31
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Is it happening already ? 
So far some kind people have sent me two key blocks:
The first was

@_date: 1994-12-01 18:14:01
@_author: lmccarth at ducie.cs.umass.edu 
@_subject: public accounts / PGP / passphrases 
[This message has been signed by an auto-signing service.
 A valid signature means only that it has been received at
 the address belonging to the signature and forwarded.]
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----

@_date: 1994-12-01 18:22:39
@_author: lmccarth at ducie.cs.umass.edu 
@_subject: making public keys public 
[This message has been signed by an auto-signing service.
 A valid signature means only that it has been received at
 the address belonging to the signature and forwarded.]
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----

@_date: 1994-12-06 23:00:32
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: "Virus Alert" chain letter 
Dear AOL Postmaster:
The message below has apparently been circulating quite widely. Personally I
doubt the authenticity of the claim, and strongly suspect that it's just an
annoying attempt to create a chain letter. In any event, it would be handy
to hear some sort of statement from AOL about this matter to stem the tide
of largely unproductive speculation on various mailing lists. I'm cc:ing this
to the cypherpunks list , and encourage you to cc: your
reply to the list. I recommend posting some sort of announcement to the comp.virus newsgroup as well. Thanks very much for your time.
- -L. McCarthy Forwarded message:

@_date: 1994-12-13 22:29:46
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Encrypted Credit Card Numbers For Transmission.... 
Some do; see for example  (as noted by Hal
Finney previously).
Wired is tired. Someone should call them on this.
Incidentally, I just tried to get into HotWired using the "cypherpunks"/
"cypherpunks" combo I recommended to Amanda earlier this evening. It didn't
work. I'm just about to re-register cypherpunks on it, so don't be surprised
to see a verification key sent to the list soon. I'll summarize to the list
once the new membership seems ready to go.
- -L. Futplex McCarthy
"Your registration [...] encourages responsible behavior and good citizenship by discouraging anonymity." --Hotwired, on

@_date: 1994-12-13 22:54:32
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: C'punks HotWired Account 
I have successfully verified this registration with the HotWired server.
To access HotWired, you can use username: cypherpunks
                                password: cypherpunks
Enjoy !
What are world-beat colors, and how can I get them on my monochrome monitor ?
- -L. Futplex McCarthy; PGP key by finger or server  "We've got computers, we're tapping phone lines; I know that that ain't allowed" --Talking Heads

@_date: 1994-11-18 15:32:17
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: working group draft announcements 
Speaking of which, can anyone explain why my usually-MIME-compliant mail
reader (ELM 2.4 PL22) pukes on the fancy parts of all these draft
announcements ?  Personally, I find MIMEd messages very annoying because I'm
forced to hit RETURN (not just "any key") several extra times for each
message.  {Luckily, it's clear that I'd never have time to read any of these,
so they get tossed in the bit bucket almost immediately.}
- -L. McCarthy

@_date: 1994-11-18 15:52:11
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: mail-to-news gateways 
The following is an excerpt from the the result of "finger remailer.help.all at chaos.bsu.edu":

@_date: 1994-11-18 18:49:44
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: ``Greek'' banks 
``Greek'' ?  Do you mean banks operated by fraternity alumni, or what ?
...needs some authentication, methinks.
- -L. McCarthy

@_date: 1994-11-18 22:38:49
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Critias Unmasked! 
It's also interesting to note that I managed to form a definite opinion
about the "real" identity of the "real" Critias after reading, oh, about
five words of Critias' first message. I couldn't so easily slap a label on Tim's mock Critias because he deliberately altered his writing style. Just a
reminder for those adopting pseudonyms to consider: if your normal style is
known, you need to appropriately pseudonymize the nym's writing style.
"Acting the part" is, after all, the main difficulty in maintaining an
assumed identity.
I'm not sure whether this alters liability issues significantly; if everyone
"knows" you're the person behind a nym which gets in trouble, but can't
conclusively prove it, does that help you ?  I suspect not, especially
considering that the standard of evidence for civil cases like libel is
relatively weak. (If I'm out of my tree and libel is a criminal offense,
please correct me. IANAL, etc.)
- -L. McCarthy

@_date: 1994-11-18 22:50:17
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: I Like ASCII, not MIME and Other Fancy Crap 
You bothered ?
$ This message contains data in an unrecognized format, image/gif,
$ which can be decoded and written to a file.
$ Please enter the name of a file to which the data should be written,
$ or just press RETURN to skip writing it to a file.
Heh, that was irritating. Did I mention that ELM dumps core sometimes when I
"press RETURN to skip writing it to a file" ?  Regular mailbombing would be easier to handle.
To answer Amanda's question, IMHO PGP blocks longer than message bodies are
crap only when they come in weird formats that coerce me to press extra keys.
Once I start reading one of these clunkers, I can't even escape to the main
menu until I've stepped through the whole damn thing. Sometimes the parts in
between the "press RETURN"s are longer than a screen, and scroll off into
the ether unread.
- -L. McCarthy

@_date: 1994-11-19 13:08:51
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: I Like ASCII, not MIME and Other Fancy Crap 
I promised myself I wouldn't send any more mail to the list about this, but
I'm veering back into a more general discussion of software standards. And
yes, this is getting my goat.
I readily agree that the parts where ELM traps me in a sequence of RETURN
prompts are entirely my problem (or more properly, the ELM author{'s, s'}
problem).  I didn't blame anyone for them.
$ Speaking of which, can anyone explain why my usually-MIME-compliant mail
$ reader (ELM 2.4 PL22) pukes on the fancy parts of all these draft
$ announcements ?
Emphasis on "usually-MIME-compliant". Most of the MIME mail I've ever received
has been processed correctly. But certain objects like this .gif you sent
are another story. I've never been a subscriber to alt.binaries.pictures.*
and I only know we have a .gif viewer around here because they digitized
pictures of everyone in the dept. Now you're expecting me to hunt around for
viewers for .gifs and TIFFS and JPEGs and God knows what else you might want
to send me ?  It's a nontrivial AI task to expect my poor mailer to track
down this arbitrarily large set of utilities, and a distinctly aggravating
human task to attempt the same.
ELM appears to be telling me, "this doesn't fit any of the 937 cases with
which I'm familiar, so I don't know what to do", which seems pretty
reasonable to me.
.GIF is not part of the standard for the format of Internet email, is it ?
I only switched to ELM a few months ago. I guess I'm actually getting pretty
comfortable with using it, which means it's time to ditch it.

@_date: 1994-11-20 14:22:04
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Making Terminal Remailers Foreign 
Not _too_ awful or else the remailer might become a casualty of war. Barring Blitzkriegen, though, I suppose such problems can be forecast and dealt with as fairly minor inconveniences. Playing countries off against each other can be quite an effective strategy. The trick is finding countries which are a) fairly hostile to other countries, b) fairly permissive of free speech,
privacy etc., and c) reasonably net-connected.  Most countries would seem to fail at least one of these criteria w.r.t., say, the U.S.
I'm waiting to see how much headway the Church of Scientology makes against
anon.penet.fi. I've read some rather ominous comments in alt.privacy.anon-
server about their endeavors. Admittedly that case deals with a news article,
not email, but it is an example of attempted international intervention.
I suppose now someone will complain that the Scientologists are just getting
a bad rap....
- -L. McCarthy
Today's T-shirt-I-couldn't-safely-wear-in-many-countries:
"MY GOD IS BIGGER THAN YOUR GOD" (with accompanying illustration)

@_date: 1994-11-20 17:43:03
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: remailer security, sendmail 
Well, since it's in the first couple of man pages for sendmail, it's not very
obscure :]  I would have expected better material from alt.hackers....
Yes; we had some discussion about this here a few weeks ago.  I, for one, am
doing just that.
As I understand sendmail, it only sticks outgoing messages in the queue if you tell it to do so. Otherwise they can be sent pre-emptively or in the
background. This can be specified on the command line:
     dx             Set the delivery mode to x. Delivery modes are `i' for
                    interactive (synchronous) delivery, `b' for background
                    (asynchronous) delivery, and `q' for queue only - that
                    is, actual delivery is done the next time the queue is
                    run.
In any case, this doesn't provide any information about incoming mail.
Besides, with ps -aux you get to see all the invocations of sendmail, and
the invocations of pgp, and so on. I'd worry more about that than about the
sendmail queue. Convincing sysadmins that they should somehow disable the -a
option on ps doesn't sound like an easy task to me.
All this ultimately argues for placing terminal remailers on private machines,
which I think we've agreed is a Good Thing.
     -L. Futplex McCarthy; use "Subject: remailer-help" for an autoreply
PGP key by finger or server; "Better watch what you say, or they'll be calling
you a radical...a liberal" --Supertramp  "[CIA/KGB mole Aldrich Ames] took information in shopping bags out the front door" --miscellaneous Congressperson

@_date: 1994-11-22 15:00:14
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: cyphertext-only remailers / cryptanalysis code ? 
This sounds useful, but I'm curious how you would enforce it. I would think you'd need to do some nontrivial statistical analysis to be reasonably sure you weren't allowing various binaries, uuencoded files, etc. with faked PGP
headers, without preventing people from using other encryption schemes. I'd
say this is the flip side of the challenge faced by governments trying to
outlaw transmissions using strong crypto.
Incidentally, I'd love to get pointers to online pieces of code which
perform various statistical tests on data to find patterns characteristic of particular encryption schemes, &c. for cryptanalysis.  I want to cryptanalyze a couple of encryption algorithms and would like to do some
experimental work.  Please send me mail directly and I will summarize to
the list later on. My starting points are Applied Crypto, the CEB, and Tim's      -L. Futplex McCarthy; use "Subject: remailer-help" for an autoreply
PGP key by finger or server; "Better watch what you say, or they'll be calling
you a radical...a liberal" --Supertramp  "[CIA/KGB mole Aldrich Ames] took information in shopping bags out the front door" --miscellaneous Congressperson

@_date: 1994-11-22 23:22:49
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Freenet Remailers 
OK, can you (or someone else) tell us more about this Freeport mail app ?
On which platform(s) does it run ?  Can it be (or could it be arranged to be)
found on a FTP site somewhere ?
- -L. Futplex McCarthy	"...so cool & calculated alone in the modern world"

@_date: 1994-11-23 00:15:56
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: White Knight Remailers 
[oddly, I never received the original copy of this; I seem to be missing
list messages with increasing frequency recently :(  ]
I commend Ed Carp for his endeavors in this regard; IMHO he's done a splendid
job of both advertising and explaining his remailer in asar (name is a relic,
it would be in alt.recovery.* if it were created today). khijol seems to command a fair amount of respect there. I think he's seen as part of the
community, so to speak, and that helps a great deal. I hoped to participate
more actively in asar when I cranked up underdog, but other tasks have distracted me.
This line of defense appeals, but the technical details seem to tell against
it. :[  Remailers can quite easily be modified only to post to select
groups, so posting to Usenet in general is tough to defend this way. Even then, someone could decide to repost all of clari.news.sex to asar, which
would probably piss off everyone in asar as well as BT.  Meanwhile, there's
no way to restrict use of a remailer to private mail on certain topics,
unless you take a page from Bill Wells' book and monitor all the traffic. :<
I concur. I recommend directing followups to asar.d (full name is
"alt.sexual.abuse.recovery.d") to avoid flames. IMHO John Grohol's Pointers
to Psychology & Support Newsgroups biweekly posting establishes a good
paradigm.  If this hasn't already been done, it would be nice to compile
some things like remailer.help.all at chaos and remailer-list at kiwi into an
official biweekly FAQ posting to alt.privacy.anon-server,
alt.anonymous.messages, alt.answers, and news.answers. (N.B. Crossposting of
*anything* in asar is generally taboo. I think the Pointers to Psych Groups
list gets away with it, using followups out of asar.)
     -L. Futplex McCarthy; use "Subject: remailer-help" for an autoreply
PGP key by finger or server; "Better watch what you say, or they'll be calling
you a radical...a liberal" --Supertramp  "[CIA/KGB mole Aldrich Ames] took information in shopping bags out the front door" --miscellaneous Congressperson

@_date: 1994-11-23 12:59:35
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Underdog remailer permanently shut down 
Effective immediately, I have permanently shut down the Underdog anonymous remailer I have been operating. I shall simply delete all further mail I
receive for remailing. Please do not send remailer mail to lmccarth at ducie.cs.umass.edu. Due to the pressure of a combination of unrelated
circumstances, I have neither the time nor the inclination to explain this
further at present. Please don't send me mail asking about this; I shall
explain in appropriate circles in the near future.
Lewis McCarthy (lmccarth at cs.umass.edu)

@_date: 1994-11-24 17:54:34
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Rising from the ashes of Underdog 
Happy Thanksgiving, C'punks !
I was forced to shut down the Underdog remailer on this account the other
day, under pressure from my sysadmins.  Since I've been concerned about the
vulnerability of the remailer anyway, I had already laid plans to start a
remailer on another account. I have far too much work to handle over this
vacation to establish it now, but I hope to begin operating a Mixmaster
remailer within the next several weeks. [Lance, could you send me the code, please ?  Thanks.]
An interesting dilemma emerges from this project. On the one hand, it would
be good for the operator(s) of an anonymous remailer to be anonymous {her,him,
them}sel{f,ves}, for {his,her,their} protection. On the other hand, it would
be good for the operator(s) to have (a) good reputation(s) so that the remailer will be trusted and hence used.  The answer, I suppose, is
positive reputation development for a nym. So I'd say this is a good example
of a concrete application of the study of positive reputation systems, in
case anyone was hunting for justification.
I promised to elaborate on the reasons for the shutdown. The gist is that
some complaints about the Scythe spam were sent over my head, and the effects
finally filtered back down to me yesterday. It appears some people didn't
notice (or chose to ignore) the headers giving my complaint address. Some
folks here are apparently laboring under the impression that I actually
_wrote_ all those articles myself ! Damage control is underway, but my
reputation here has probably suffered permanent harm. :<  At any rate, operation of a remailer will apparently violate a forthcoming acceptable use policy which was already in the works. I haven't broken any existing
rules, but it's been made abundantly clear to me that such actions will
not be tolerated. Meanwhile, I need to hack the old remailer script to
automatically junk all the remailer mail until it stops flooding my mailbox....
- -L. McCarthy, only halfway through the longest week of my life
"I know you won't let me down, `coz I'm already standing on the ground" -Eagles

@_date: 1994-11-27 18:54:41
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: A possible solution 
# So why pick specifically on cryptography?  Why not increase penalties
# for criminals who in their crimes are found to have used:
# *	computers;
# *	Fat-free ice cream;
Relax and chill out with some fat-free ice cream. You wanted to hear some opinions, and you just heard one. If you're already fairly attached to this idea, you probably should have made that clearer in soliciting critical comment. I was tempted to reply to this earlier, but I felt Mike's retort did an ample job.
Why, indeed, pick specifically on crypto ?  IMHO the choice of tools employed
in the commission of the crime should only be relevant in determining the punishment if it substantially alters the nature of the crime. Robbing Ed's Superette with a gun in hand is substantially different from robbing
it with a bouquet of flowers in hand. OTOH, robbing Ed while wearing track
shoes counts the same as hitting his store while wearing fins. I don't get a
break for being stupid enough to pull a robbery in diving gear, but I don't
suffer more for having the sense to don appropriate skedaddling apparel.
Note that U.S. laws do *not* conform to any such standard, AFA I'm concerned.
If I were nabbed driving down into CT carrying a kilo of uncut heroin, I'd be
in much hotter watter than if they pulled me over on the Mass Pike just ouside Cambridge. In this instance it's a matter of jurisdiction: cross state
lines and suddenly the feds have to deal with you.  Perhaps better paradigms
are wire fraud and mail fraud. If I knock on your door and offer to protect
all your data forever with a proprietary algorithm that's *much* faster than
DES, that's one thing. If I send you a postcard or leave a message on your
answering machine with the same offer, I'm suddenly liable for stiff fines
from the feds.  This seems rather absurd to me, but that's the law for ya.
At any rate, I'm not about to get behind any initiative that suggests _tougher_ penalties for use of non-escrowed crypto under any circumstance. Especially for DCW, IANAL.
- -L. Futplex McCarthy; PGP key by finger or server; "Better watch what you say,
or they'll be calling you a radical...a liberal" --Supertramp  "He took information in shopping bags out the front door" --a member of
Congress, describing CIA/KGB mole Aldrich Ames

@_date: 1994-11-28 06:15:53
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Cell Phones Security - NOT! 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Gee, with friends like that, who needs the government ?
- -L. McCarthy

@_date: 1994-11-29 16:07:15
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Mac Encryption Components? 
You might try to make contact with Romana Machado .
According to her home page
- - From a linked page (
...so perhaps Sandy can correct me if this is a bum steer.  I ran across her
home page near the end of a long WWW safari which passed through some utterly
non-crypto-related links.
- -L. Futplex McCarthy; PGP key by finger or server
"Don't say my head was empty, when I had things to hide...." --Men at Work

@_date: 1994-11-29 18:59:25
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Mandatory message signing 
[BTW, welcome to the list]
There is a distinct danger that one can be identified, with a fairly high degree of confidence, by the characteristics of one's writing style. If one
holds particularly unusual views, the content of expression may belie one's
pseudonymous identity. Altering one's writing style is a nontrivial problem
for AI researchers, but a human can do a decent job of it. About all one can
do about one's distinguishing _opinions_ is to refrain entirely from posting
under one's own name. If you think safe sex with animals (safe bestiality doesn't have the same ring to it ;) should be taught in public schools, and you've posted to that effect, you're simply stuck with the fact that hardly anyone will believe that someone else could be behind a pseudonym which shares that opinion. Basically, if you choose to identify yourself implicitly,
that's your problem.
Hold the phone !  As I understand the law, only one party to a telephone
call has to be aware of the recording for it to be perfectly legal. Someone
not party to the call can't do it, but any one of the people talking can do
It's happened.
Allow me to weigh in on the heart of this signing requirement debate. I don't
see a need at present to require dig sigs in messages to the list. I'm
nobody's anarchist, but like Blanc I am uncomfortable with the idea of imposing a restriction like this on the rest of the list on principle.
Meanwhile, the suggestion that the list software be adapted to verify signatures on incoming messages qualifies the entire discussion as
profitable, IMHO. On the theme of transparency and standardization, I think
the important thing is to develop a generally applicable patch to Majordomo to
handle authentication like this. Ideally, some people would get together
with Brent Chapman and incorporate authentication of signed messages in a
future release of Majordomo.  I'd love to volunteer for a project like this
but I don't believe I can spare the time.
- -L. Futplex McCarthy; PGP key by finger or server
"Don't say my head was empty, when I had things to hide...." --Men at Work

@_date: 1994-11-30 05:56:21
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: net.welfare approaching 
It's entirely unclear to me how adding a line or two to the header of each
list message could possibly be construed as splattering anything. At least, I
didn't see any mention of the scheme involving mailing of form letter advisories to the list for each invalid dig sig, accompanied by an increase in
              ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
What's your evidence for this ?  I'm inclined to doubt this, but I can't see
any empirical point to which anyone could point.
(I would have been out the door within the first few words. YMMV. ;)
Oh, puhleeeze !  I sincerely hope that was sarcastic, but I don't believe it
was. Automated checking of digital signatures by mailing list management
software constitutes a form of *welfare* in your book ???  Why should we be
so pampered with an automated mailing list, anyway ?  If we were really K00L,
we'd have to pursue the list traffic actively on the net, ideally with a homemade packet sniffer. If you can't design and build your car from scratch,
you shouldn't be allowed to drive it. Oh, you must have stress-tested the parts yourself, too.
Feel free to be an 3L33T HAK'R D00D, but I'll cheerfully middle-digit you if
you try to tell me I have to code everything in assembly language.
Eric, the list admin, seems to be by far the most enthusiastic campaigner for
this plan to date.
Are you saying you know a convenient way to forge, say, PGP signatures ?
If not, I don't understand your claim here.
Personal anecdote time: I've been trying to promote the use of dig sigs at my
site. I happen to be in charge of sending a broadcast message each Monday
morning to announce the dept.'s official weekly coffee rendezvous. I pretty
much have carte blanche w.r.t. the content of the messages, which means I
have to restrain myself mightily from ramming my foot down my own throat.
Anyway, when I started PGP-signing all my mail a few weeks ago, I naturally
began to sign these broadcast messages. Sure enough, I've received more
feedback and curious queries about the signatures than anything else I've ever
written. The short point of this overlong narrative is that leading by
example can have a significant effect, and shouldn't be dismissed lightly as
a means of raising crypto awareness.
Reiterating, I eagerly support the notion of automatic dig sig validation by
the list software. Right now, I'd mostly like to see an end to this torrent
of meta-mail on the list about delaying unsigned messages. Perhaps we could
delay all messages *about* delaying unsigned messages ;}
- -L. Futplex McCarthy; PGP key by finger or server
"Don't say my head was empty, when I had things to hide...." --Men at Work

@_date: 1994-11-30 19:26:03
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Hazards of encouraging forged dig sigs 
I imagine it would be a breeze to attach a forged PGP sig to every message
using most mailers etc. The signature block is easy -- simply append it to the contents of the .sig autoappended by many mailers/newsreaders. All that
remains is a macro or a bit of cutting & pasting to toss in the --- BEGIN PGP
line at the top.
Now that Eric has made it abundantly clear he envisions syntactic but not
semantic checks of sigs, I am opposed to the proposition. I foresee a
situation in which a large portion of the list traffic uses forged or
meaningless signing-server-appended dig sigs. When I establish automatic
signature validation for incoming mail here Real Soon Now, there will be plenty of noise generated by all the `false' negatives in the data to make
a mockery of the authentication process. Encouraging cryptographically
valid signatures was the first suggestion I'd seen in this entire debate
which seemed to promise tangible benefits; encouraging cryptographically
invalid signatures is the first notion which appears to offer tangible
Disclaimer acronym of the day: ECDWHW. Eric Can Do Whatever He Wants.
BTW, Tim, why do you seem so surprised by JD's style of discourse ?
Just mention Chomsky and be done with the damn thing, it's not going to
be productive anyway.
- -L. Futplex McCarthy; PGP key by finger or server
"Don't say my head was empty, when I had things to hide...." --Men at Work

@_date: 1994-10-04 12:33:41
@_author: Lewis McCarthy 
@_subject: BofA & the CIA 
$ Banks already collude (BCCI was not a fluke, just a CIA
$ front bank, like Castle Bank, Nugan Hand Bank, and Bank of America).
$ I happen to be contracting in the Bay Area for Bank of America till
$ Feb/Mar...      See: Does this make you a CIA plant ?
-L. McCarthy		"I'm just a sucker with no self-esteem" -Offspring
Send me mail using "Subject: remailer-help" for an autoreply about Underdog

@_date: 1994-10-04 17:30:03
@_author: Lewis McCarthy 
@_subject: Saying `Cheese' for Uncle Sam 
$ you are invited to a Cypherpunks get-together [...] in Manhattan
#    how do we know this isn't an NSA attempt to get us to show our faces so # they can get our photos?
Wouldn't it be easier for them to finger you, then get some recent films from the surveillance cameras in the main post office in Moscow ?
-L. McCarthy
Send me mail using "Subject: remailer-help" for an autoreply about Underdog

@_date: 1994-10-04 18:41:16
@_author: Lewis McCarthy 
@_subject: Quick, somebody mention Hitler 
Recently the Cypherpunks list received
Looks like you need to lock yourself up a bit tighter, James.
-L. McCarthy		 "I'm just a sucker with no self-esteem" -Offspring
Send me mail using "Subject: remailer-help" for an autoreply about Underdog

@_date: 1994-10-04 22:59:23
@_author: Lewis McCarthy 
@_subject: Freedom of technology 
$ Who's to tell me I have to have ABS or the "safety starter" if I don't $ want the thing?
$ Who's to tell me that I need a backdoor in my crypto?
$ Where do you draw the line?  Outlaw sugar perhaps?  It would save $ consumers millions in dental bills.
Uh-oh. I *really* don't have the time to get drawn into this one, but
I'll offer a brief response.
Choosing the place to draw the line is indeed the crux of the matter IMHO.
I try to draw it at the point where one person's misuse of technology starts to hurt another person (which often begs the question, I know !).
Considering some of your examples:
Offhand it seems no-one but the driver could have a direct problem from
using a car w/o the "safety starter", so I'd say that shouldn't be imposed.
I don't drive stick, so I may well be missing a crucial technical point here.
OTOH I can see that ABS could stop a lot of slow/non-alert people from
slamming their cars into me & mine; I trust the technology more than the
people who would be replacing it. I'm happy that it's a fairly standard feature, although this seems to be more a result of market demand than Your mention of outlawing sugar calls to mind some debates about smoking bans.
Here IMHO the line is clear. When you eat sugar next to me, you're not doing me any harm unless I'm forced to pay your dental bills. In sharp contrast, I consider smoking in company to be assault with a deadly weapon. My choice of self-defense in this case is legislation preventing
anyone from smoking in my airspace. I have no problem with people smoking
in private where the smoke's never going to harm me.
Of course, the explosive success of bullshit litigation (strongly aided
IMHO by our lowest-common-denominator jury selection system) has played
a major role in inducing companies & the govt. to go overboard protecting
people from their own idiocy.  I just want to be protected from other
people's idiocy :)
I won't touch on the question of required backdoor installation....
-L. McCarthy
Send me mail using "Subject: remailer-help" for an autoreply about Underdog

@_date: 1994-10-05 09:46:38
@_author: Lewis McCarthy 
@_subject: My Airspace 
$ > My choice of self-defense in this case is legislation preventing
$ > anyone from smoking in my airspace.
$ What, exactly, is ``your'' airspace?
The air I breathe. You don't have a right to make me breathe your smoke.
As long as you keep your smoke to yourself, I'm happy.
$ If you want legislative control over what's yours, First of all, I shouldn't have to ask someone to stop trying to kill me.
Beyond that, if I ask someone to desist, she may refuse. Then I can either
a) personally force her to stop, or b) have a third party force her to
stop. In some cases, I'll be unable to stop her on my own, and in any case
it's safer for me to have a third party take care of it. So yeah, when the
assholes out there try to fuck with what I consider mine, I need some folks
in blue suits to step in and shove them out of the way.
-L. McCarthy
Send me mail using "Subject: remailer-help" for an autoreply about Underdog

@_date: 1994-10-06 11:56:18
@_author: Lewis McCarthy 
@_subject: Ideological Attacks 
I'm nobody's socialist (and nobody's libertarian, either), but I
strongly agree with Jamie here.  Reiterating the MEME point, don't
attack people, attack specific ideas.
-L. McCarthy		 "I'm just a sucker with no self-esteem" -Offspring
Send me mail using "Subject: remailer-help" for an autoreply about Underdog

@_date: 1994-10-06 18:25:22
@_author: Lewis McCarthy 
@_subject: the media and their libertarian, bleeding heart views 
$ Would you call the media conservative? Not!
You would call libertarians non-conservative ?
$ That is the law of nature, in the end it reigns supreme.
Are humans natural things ?  I think so.
Are all acts of natural things themselves natural ?
If so, aren't all human actions natural, making the label tautological and
therefore worthless for judging the deeds of humanity ?
If not, how do you make the distinction between human actions which are
"natural" and actions which aren't ?  How do you decide which deeds are
part of "the law of nature" and which aren't ?
-L. McCarthy					Question Anarchy !  :)

@_date: 1995-02-06 00:08:52
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: New directions in anonymity (needed) 
In a naive model, the sender could encrypt the message with two distinct public keys belonging to the intended recipient. The server shuffles the
result randomly with all its other messages. The recipient sends the private
key associated with the outer layer of encryption to the server, which in
turn finds something to decrypt with that key. Finally the recipient receives
the singly-encrypted message, and uses her other private key to decipher the
message. This still places full trust in the server, though.
It's trivial for the server to log each incoming message separately, noting the sender, in addition to combining it with the melange of all received traffic as expected. Thus the protocol above fails, since the server can
simply test-decrypt each distinct original file with the private key supplied
by the intended recipient, thereby linking the ends of the communication. So the function computed on the melange file and the recipient-supplied key must not do anything extraordinary when applied to the original message and the recipient key. Actually, it's much worse than that. The server could create a mock melange file, combine each original message with it, then apply
the extraction function to each resulting melange and the recipient key. Since
the recipient has no control over the previous state of the melange file, prior
to the arrival of the message for her, the extraction function can't depend in
any detailed way upon the contents of the melange. Therefore, I believe it's
impossible to specify an extraction function immune to melange spoofing by the
-L. Futplex McCarthy, seeking summer employment in computer science; background
 mainly in theoretical CS, but open to many alternatives [private email please]

@_date: 1995-02-06 00:47:19
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Legal implications of one-of-a-group guilt 
[welcome back, Tim]
Well, I'm not so sure. DNA fingerprinting has soared in popularity for
criminal cases over the last decade or so. From the figures I vaguely recall
being quoted, such evidence of a DNA match narrows down a list of
suspects to a mere few hundred thousand people, and is commonly admitted into
evidence. This situation is reminiscent of that phenomenon, IMHO.
I imagine that the looser standard of evidence in civil cases would make such
information quite significant in determining "the preponderance of evidence".
It would be interesting to hear from some folks with legal training on this issue, if only to correct my mistakes. IANAL.
 -L. Futplex McCarthy; PGP key by finger or server   "The objective is for us   to get those conversations whether they're by an alligator clip or ones and   zeroes. Wherever they are, whatever they are, I need them." -FBI Dir. Freeh

@_date: 1995-02-07 22:47:49
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Effects of S.314 (Communications Decency Act) 
[As always, IANAL. This citizen likes to think he has a reasonable capability
and obligation to assess the laws to which he may be subjected, though.]
After perusing it a couple of times, I'm still not sure I understand why the
specific provisions of the CDA would provoke the extreme monitoring measures
mentioned here. I agree with Sam that it's rather odd that EPIC hasn't put it
on their list of privacy-related bills in the 104th Congress. As a start, I'll try to speculate on sore points and their possible
immediate implications. + "This Act may be cited as the `Communications Decency Act of 1995'."
Who elected Miss Manners to Congress ?  Any bill with `decency' in its title
deserves to die in committee, IMNSHO.
+ SEC. 2. OBSCENE OR HARASSING USE OF TELECOMMUNICATIONS FACILITIES UNDER THE + COMMUNICATIONS ACT OF 1934.
+ (B) by striking out `makes any comment, request, suggestion, or
+         proposal' in subparagraph (A) and inserting `makes, transmits, or
+         otherwise makes available any comment, request, suggestion, proposal,
+         image, or other communication';
I take this section to be extending the ban on harassing phone calls and such
to cover all forms of electronic communication. I'm further assuming that the
subparagraph (A) mentioned above attempts to enumerate possible linguistic and
technical means of conveying the harassing content. What disturbs me is the
phrase "or otherwise makes available". I'm reminded of the arrest in Florida
a few years back of a couple whose lovemaking had been witnessed through their
bedroom window by a neighbor's curious child. My lay understanding of this
language is that passively presented information, such as the contents of a
WWW page or .plan file, could be construed as illegally obscene or harassing
under this act.
+ SEC. 5. INTERCEPTION AND DISCLOSURE OF ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS.
+ Section 2511 of title 18, United States Code, is amended--
+ (A) by striking `wire, oral, or electronic communication' each place it
+         appears and inserting `wire, oral, electronic, or digital
+         communication', and
Is this the crucial threatening passage ?  Adding electronic communication to
a list presumably subject to "interception and disclosure" sounds ominous.
Without seeing the original legislation, though, I can't tell whether this
totally overturns the ECPA and similar statutes, or does something less BTW, what sort of "digital communication" is neither "wire communication" nor
"electronic communication" ?
+ SEC. 8. CABLE OPERATOR REFUSAL TO CARRY CERTAIN PROGRAMS.
+ `, except a cable operator may refuse to transmit
+   any public access program or portion of a public access program which
+   contains obscenity, indecency, or nudity'
+ `a cable operator may refuse to transmit any leased
+   access program or portion of a leased access program which contains
+   obscenity, indecency, or nudity.
The battle over "obscenity" has been fought long and hard.
"Indecency" seems a remarkably nebulous term (and, of course, ludicrously
Victorian). I'd be interested in seeing a legal definition, and alarmed if
there isn't one (yet).
Don't even get me started on the "nudity" portion. I'm sure Jesse Helms is
already licking his lips over this one.
-L. Futplex McCarthy

@_date: 1995-02-08 18:29:57
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Not necessarily crypto but scary anyway... 
# This sounds like a spoof.  Look at the number.
No, it's for real. This is the `Exclusionary Rule Reform Act of 1995', HR 666.
It was introduced Jan. 25 by a Rep. McCollum, referred to the Judiciary Cmte.,
and on Feb. 2 was "committed to the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union and ordered to be printed", whatever that means.
Here's an excerpt of the main idea: "Evidence [...] shall not be excluded [...] on the ground that the search or seizure was in violation of the fourth amendment [...] if the search or seizure was carried out in circumstances justifying an objectively reasonable belief that it was in conformity with the fourth amendment. The fact that evidence was obtained pursuant to and within the scope of a warrant constitutes prima facie evidence of the existence of such circumstances."
So I suppose this opens the possibility that, if a judge grants a search warrant that allows broader police powers than the 4th Amendment would, then the police have free reign to use those broader powers.
This is all via -L. Futplex McCarthy

@_date: 1995-02-10 14:51:36
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: law vs technology 
[Presumably you meant, "many more people doing the *latter* than *former*"]
Speaking strictly for myself, I agree. I'm relatively well-positioned to
design and produce privacy- and security-preserving protocols and programs.
OTOH, while I find politics absorbing, I don't have any special expertise or
influence. Once the legal scholars start to debate legislation, I step out
of the way.
There is, however, an awfully wide spectrum of interests and abilities among the subscribers to this list, from what I can tell. Plenty of people
here lack some of the requisite technical skills, but can offer significant
assistance in other ways. So I think your point applies to some people here,
but not everyone. I'm reminded of the controversy over the essential identity of cypherpunks.
There was interminable wrangling over who (if anyone) "owned" the list, whether the list and Cypherpunks were identical, etc. AFAI can tell, the list
comprises many of both run-of-the-mill privacy/security advocates (whatever that means) and Cypherpunks according to strict definitions as written by Tim and others.
As a separate issue, there are quite a few vocal opponents of groups such as
EFF on the list. I've no idea whether there's a silent majority ;) of lurkers
who fully support EFF et al., but I suspect a sizable chunk of the list
population disagrees that there are many people really fighting invasive govt.
-L. Futplex McCarthy [seeking summer work, with a background in theoretical
                      computer science; private email inquiries welcomed]

@_date: 1995-02-11 13:41:12
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: UMich student arrested for rape story 
Based on the NY Times article I've read, you're omitting some important
extenuating circumstances here. For one thing, it was apparently posted to
alt.sex.stories, which seems to obviate the use of "fictional" disclaimers.
Furthermore, he did _not_ identify her as a UMich student.
I don't see the relevance of "if he had said the same thing in her presence".
He *didn't* !  There's an enormous difference between making a comment about
a person to third parties, and making the comment to that person.
According to the NY Times story, the woman mentioned in the story only heard
about it because reporters asked her about it !  I find a great deal of irony
in the report that the controversy started because an alt.sex.stories reader
in _Moscow_ tipped off the UMich authorities.
It appears that the Russians are allowed to read erotic fiction, while the
Americans are forbidden to read it, and get tossed in jail for writing it.
We've come a long way, baby. Yeah.
 -L. Futplex McCarthy; PGP key by finger or server   "The objective is for us   to get those conversations whether they're by an alligator clip or ones and   zeroes. Wherever they are, whatever they are, I need them." -FBI Dir. Freeh

@_date: 1995-02-11 13:47:32
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: NYT on Cybertheft and Sex Writer 
Thanks once again for making this material available, John.
I must object to your thumbnail sketch of this story, though. The story as
described in the NY Times article does not involve "rough sex" -- it involves
rape, and the distinction is crucial.

@_date: 1995-02-12 15:45:24
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: UMich student arrested for rape story 
The July `94 issue of Harper's described the case of a Menlo Park city employee who claimed in 1993 to be harassed by some paintings of female nudes
hanging in a hallway. The city removed the paintings the following day. It
used to be that when the majority of people in some state/county/town disapproved of some instance of expression, they could suppress it. This was
bad. Nowadays, it takes just one zealot to suppress it. This is much worse.
As far as I can see, anyone can claim to be harassed/threatened/offended by
just about anything, and get away with it.  Just the other day, I heard that
in Vermont (or was it New Hampshire ?), they're still talking seriously about
an amendment to the state constitution against burning the U.S. flag. Between
the censors on the left and the censors on the right, there's precious little
room remaining for those of us in the middle who believe in tolerating
divergent views.
It appears to me that people on the left are choosing (wrongly, IMHO) to interpret a work of fiction as a threat, and proceed from there. I imagine
that people on the right don't see the work of fiction as a threat to her, but simply want to ban fictional works they dislike anyway.
Strongly agreed, but a newsgroup article is not an act of violence.
Well, we'll have to see how it goes. It's tough for me to see why a "reasonable woman" would fear an article of which she was totally unaware.
I get the impression that neither did he imply a threat, nor did she infer a
threat. I don't know for sure, though I expect alt.sex.wizards would be more likely
to fall in the latter category :] .
-L. Futplex McCarthy

@_date: 1995-02-12 23:21:41
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Our Ignorance of Govt. Capabilities 
IMHO, people generally don't share that sort of information here because they don't possess it, not because they fear
potential repercussions. Plenty of list subscribers seem able to shed their
inhibitions quite easily when it comes to criticizing organizations and revealing information. Full utilization of the most advanced available
remailer features offers at least the appearance of sufficient anonymity
for most people, AFAI can tell.
[Perhaps we could run a short survey: please respond if you could dish dirt  on a government security agency, but do not plan to do so on this list   ;]
BTW, with an eye to avoiding rehashes of old flamewars, this does *not*
constitute an invitation to scour the subscriber list for *.gov and *.mil and
announce the results. Consult the archives if in doubt on this point.
-L. Futplex McCarthy

@_date: 1995-02-13 00:12:59
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Does Anyone Even Read This Stuff ? (was Re: The NSA) 
I agree that this is a problem, but perhaps not so much as we might think.
For one thing, communication sometimes develops in private. For instance, I
exchanged some mail with Matt about Caller ID after his Top 10 Problems list.
More importantly, it takes much more time, and in some cases expertise, to compose a good response to a long discourse than to reply to a short opinion
piece or news report. Relatively few people have the time and ability to
formulate a significant extension or rebuttal to a major work. This is
natural and inevitable. It's probably unrealistic to expect a much greater
frequency of such messages.
# There is a internet lore that says the more valuable and insightful a # given article is, the less response it gets.
# I hope this is right, as most of mine tend to be ignored.
Lately, I've had the feeling that majordomo at toad echoes my epistles only back
to me. None of the longer pieces I've written has elicited so much as a flame from Eric, Perry, or even James in a while.
As they say, "opinions are like assholes", and it's easy to argue about them.
Netiquette strenously discourages people from simply agreeing. This can be
carried too far.
I've encountered an insidious hazard of high-volume lists (such as this) that
probably snares other people too. It's altogether too easy to sit at one's
mailer and merely react to whatever comes along. Obviously, if everyone did
this all the time, nothing of substance would ever be accomplished. It's
therapeutic, IMHO, to step back regularly, refocus on one's long term goals
w.r.t the group, and push new initiatives.
-L. Futplex McCarthy

@_date: 1995-02-13 17:12:35
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: CDT POLICY POST No.2 -- X9 TO DEVELOP TRIPLE-DES STANDARDS 
Are the minutes of the deliberations of X9, in complete or digest form,
available to the public anywhere ? It would be useful to get a sense of how
close the vote was, whose representatives voted which way, and the arguments
the members found most compelling in reaching their decision. We need to
gather as much feedback as possible, in order to determine which strategies
are liable to be effective in the future. The answers may not come as a
surprise, but confirmation of our suspicions would be nice.
-L. Futplex McCarthy

@_date: 1995-02-13 20:44:56
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: ref on crypto formalism 
SRC Research Report 39	A Logic of Authentication
Michael Burrows, Martin Abadi, and Roger Needham
February 28, 1989	48 pages
SRC Research Report 70	A Calculus for Access Control in Distributed Systems
M. Abadi, M. Burrows, B. Lampson, G. Plotkin
March 4, 1991	52 pages
SRC Research Report 83	Authentication in Distributed Systems: Theory and Butler Lampson, Martin Abadi, Michael Burrows, Edward Wobber
February 4, 1992
SRC Research Report 117	Authentication in the Taos Operating System
Edward Wobber, Martin Abadi, Mike Burrows, and Butler Lampson
December 10, 1993	38 pages

@_date: 1995-01-09 23:31:44
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Traffic generation 
Lance Cottrell's Mixmaster software supports this -- just use Anon-To: null

@_date: 1995-01-10 22:42:03
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: [SILLY] Re: Spying via DNA 
My metabolism even knows what I ate for breakfast today !!
(sorry, couldn't resist)

@_date: 1995-01-11 15:50:04
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Remailer traffic loads? 
Remailers operating Matt Ghio's or Lance Cottrell's software should autoreply
to a message with "Subject: remailer-stats" with a bar chart indicating the
number of messages remailed in each of the past 24 hours.

@_date: 1995-01-16 10:01:22
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Scientology (fwd) 
This is the copy that was sent to the remailer operators' list. Note that
the start of "FROM:" is corrupted, and there's some odd line breaking. I'm
guessing that's the reason the signature doesn't check (for me, either).
 -L. Futplex McCarthy
Forwarded message:

@_date: 1995-01-20 00:53:20
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Remailer Software Sites/Comparison 
Raph Levien's Remailers WWW page has links to most of the material on
the remailer software of which I'm aware:
The remailer-help file from mixmaster at nately.ucsd.edu gives an ftp directory
from which one may ultimately obtain Lance Cottrell's Mixmaster code, after
following an export control process which I assume resembles MIT's method of
distributing PGP. Lance sent out a first draft of instructions on the
mixing (including packet splitting & recombination) features of Mixmaster to
the list a few months ago, which I enclose below. Mixmaster is the latest
and most sophisticated of the remailer packages I've seen, so I'd
recommend it to anyone looking to install a new remailer in North America.
- -L. Futplex McCarthy
===== forwarded message follows ===============
Precedence: bulk
Here is the first draft of the instructions for using Mixmaster to
build remailer messages. I am posting it to give a flavor of what the
program does, and to request comments, both on the features and on
the clarity of the help file itself.
Instructions for using Mixmaster to create type 2 remailer messages.
I assume that you have either compiled Mixmaster, or that you have acquired
a precompiled copy.
While you do not need PGP to use Mixmaster, it is useful for key
management, and is required if you desire security of the content of the
message you are sending (which will be visible to the last remailer).
Theory and purpose of remailers:
The purpose of anonymous remailers (hereafter simply remailers), is to
provide protection against traffic analysis. Traffic analysis is the study
of who you are communicating with, when, and how often. This reveals more
than you might expect about your activities. It will indicate who your
friends and colleagues are (and they can be told apart by looking at the
times you contact them). What your interests are, from which catalog
companies you contact, and which ftp and WWW sites you visit. Traffic
analysis can even reveal business secrets, e.g. your frequent contact with
a rival could give hints of an impending merger.
Remailers protect your email from traffic analysis. The original remailers
did this by removing all headers, except the subject line, from any message
you sent to them and then forwarding them a destination of your choice. The
recipient of such a message would not know who had sent it.
The addition of encryption to this scheme gave significant protection from
attackers who simply look at passing messages for to and from fields.
Passing a message through several remailers in a row is much better, but
still vulnerable to an attacker who can watch messages go into and out of
each remailer.
Two more elements are required: messages must be reordered within the
remailer before being forwarded (this is being done by a few of the old
style remailers), and all messages must be indistinguishable. This last is
the primary improvement with the type 2 remailer, Mixmaster.
Using type 2 remailers:
The trend towards ever more complicated remailer message formats has been
clear for some time. Several programs have been written to automatically
build messages which will be remailed by several remailers. This process is
called chaining.
With type 2 remailers it is no longer possible to create these messages by
hand. Mixmaster takes a message you wish to send, a list of remailers to
chain it through, and a final destination, and builds the packet which the
remailers will use. For simplicity I will first describe the interactive
use of Mixmaster, then I will discuss how it can be controlled through
command line arguments.
Interactive use of Mixmaster:
If you run Mixmaster with no arguments, you will be prompted for all the
required information.
First you will be asked to specify the final destination of the message.
This is the full email address where you want your message delivered.
Remember that the message is being sent by the last remailer in the chain,
so you must specify the full internet address (e.g.
name at machine.place.com), you may not use local mail aliases. You may enter
multiple recipients on separate lines. Hit return on a blank line to stop
entering destinations. You must have at least one.
Next you will be asked to enter any headers you want to have inserted
before the message. These are those lines  at the beginning of email
messages, like From: fred at bedrock.univ.edu, or Subject: Party invitation.
If you want your message to have a subject when it is delivered, you must
enter a line
A subject header can be added by using the -s command line argument.
When you are done entering headers, hit return (it is OK to have zero headers).
You will now be presented with a list of  remailers through which you can
chain your messages. The order in which you choose them is the order in
which they will be traversed by your message. You may choose up to 20 of
them, but remember that the reliability and speed of the chain diminish as
the number of remailers in the chain increases. Four is a reasonable number
of remailers to use. It is fine to use a given remailer more than once in
your chain. Press return on a blank line to stop entering remailers.
Finally you will be asked what file you want to send. This must be an ASCII
file. You may either enter the name of an existing file, or you may choose
to enter the message directly by typing "stdin" as the file name. This is
intended for use by scripts. There are no editing capabilities when using
stdin. Enter the end of file character (EOF is ^D) when you are done
entering the file.
Mixmaster will now build the type 2 remailer packet, and send it to the
first remailer in the chain.
Command line arguments to Mixmaster:
Mixmaster [-c] [in.filename] [-f] [-s "subject"] [-o "outfile"] [-to
a at b.com] [-l 3 2 6 ...]
 -c      this indicates that chaining rather than remailer functions are
desired. It is a NOP since chaining is the default operation.
"filename"      if a filename is given, then this will be used as the input
file. As in the interactive mode, you may choose "stdin". No filename will
be prompted for.
 -f      filter mode. All prompts suppressed, but input still accepted as
described in the interactive section. The remailer list must be specified
on the command line.
 -s "subject"    Adds a subject line to the message. The user should NOT
include Subject: in this string. Mixmaster will not prompt for other
headers if -s is used.
 -o "outfile"    Specify an output file rather than sending the message to
the first remailer automatically. If outfile is "stdout", then the remailer
packet will be printed to stdout.
 -to foo at bar.org specifies the final destination of the message. Only one
destination can be specified. Mixmaster will not prompt for other
destinations if -to is used.
 -l 4 3 5 ...    Specifies the list of remailers to chain through. This must
be the last argument on the command line. A maximum of 20 remailers may be
specified. Mixmaster will not prompt for other remailers if -l is used.

@_date: 1995-01-22 22:42:27
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: A Legal Web Page Issue 
The text of the actual copyright notice seems to have a much friendlier slant.
It resembles a GNU or FSF-type freeware license. Apparently you're just not
allowed to charge *more* than a flat fee:
- From the bottom of the cited Web page:
"Copyright 1994 by Pepper & Corazzini, L.L.P. All rights reserved. Reproduction is permitted so long as no charge is made for copies, no copies
are placed on any electronic online service or database for which there is a
fee other than a flat access charge, there is no alteration and this copyright notice is included."
 -L. Futplex McCarthy; PGP key by finger or server   "The objective is for us   to get those conversations whether they're by an alligator clip or ones and   zeroes. Wherever they are, whatever they are, I need them." -FBI Dir. Freeh

@_date: 1995-01-24 03:49:05
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Pseudo-anon Ecash with GAK -- Sandia Proposal 
While browsing through the program for the 6th annual ACM-SIAM SODA
( which concludes today in SF,
I noticed the following scheduled for this morning:
8:55    Trustee-based Tracing Extensions to Anonymous Cash and the Making of
   Anonymous Change    Ernie Brickell, Peter Gemmell and David Kravitz, Sandia National
   Laboratories, Albuquerque I haven't been able to find a pointer to an actual paper, but I did find an
abstract of sorts at  Their
proposal purports to elaborate the notion of GAK ("key escrow") to cover
an otherwise-anonymous ecash system, according to my reading of this.
Caveat emptor.
Here's an extended excerpt of the doublespeech:
"We introduce the first electronic cash system that incorporates trustee-based
tracing, while provably protecting user anonymity. This effort expands on
provably anonymous electronic cash systems. Our system maintains completely
provable user anonymity with the exception that, only with the cooperation of
several publicly appointed trustees (e.g. key-escrow agents), the government can trace a user's spending with certainty, determining to whom the user gave
his/her money and how much s/he gave. The trustees can answer the question of
whether a particular payment was made by a particular user, without revealing
any additional information. This allows for authorized forward and backward
tracing that does not impinge on the privacy of anyone other than the parties of the one transaction in question. Some of our trustee-based tracing require no tamper-resistant hardware, and all can be implemented as either on-line or
off-line systems."
Electronic cash is a subject of great economic, political, and research
importance. With advances in computer networks, in processor speed, and in
databases, and with advances in note counterfeiting technology and with both
individuals' and businesses' desire for remote and more convenient financial
transactions, some forms of electronic cash are likely to become widespread
within 5 to 10 years. Although unconditionally anonymous electronic cash systems have been proposed in the literature, governmental and financial institutions are unwilling to back a completely anonymous system. Their reasons for opposing complete untraceability have to do with the containment of user fraud and the desire to restrict the new kinds of crime that unrestricted, remotely withdrawable, and spendable electronic cash could facilitate. Because of the necessary concern over crime control, they have previously proposed systems with little or no protection for the users' privacy. Our system provides the capability required by government for crime control while maintaining privacy for all other users."
 -L. Futplex McCarthy; PGP key by finger or server; I'm seeking an internship/
  job for summer 1995 --- BS CS Cornell / 2 yrs. MS-level work in algebraic
  algorithms, Ph.D. planned --- send private email for resume etc.

@_date: 1995-01-24 13:35:30
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Shell's authentication needs 
Any thoughts on how digital "place-stamping" (analogous to timestamping) might
be accomplished, to authenticate the location of origin of a document ?
 -L. McCarthy / seeking a summer job/internship; BS CS Cornell & 2 years'
  grad work in theoretical CS (algebraic algorithms); private email for info

@_date: 1995-01-24 15:07:49
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Archive of Remailer-Operators List Begun 
I have begun an archive of the remailer-operators list. I've just placed a
gzipped file containing the traffic from the last couple of weeks, plus some
scattered previous traffic, in //ftp.csua.berkeley.edu/incoming. If/when I
learn the ultimate fate of this file, I'll provide further details.
 -L. Futplex McCarthy

@_date: 1995-01-25 13:34:51
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Identity 
someone wrote anonymously:
This belongs in private email, assuming that isolated epithets are worth
sharing with anyone outside your primal scream therapy group. Are you related to Detweiler, perchance ?
 -L. Futplex McCarthy

@_date: 1995-01-26 08:21:24
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Fuck Gannett 
someone wrote anonymously:
# I'm glad it was said
Why ?

@_date: 1995-01-26 11:57:13
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: MixMaster remailer source 
Due to the ITAR, you have to get it from Lance Cottrell by request (and you
have to be in the U.S./Canada):
--- begin included excerpt of message ---
Message size can best be handled by using a remailer which uses messages
which never change size. Mixmaster is now ready for testing.
It still does not run on Linux or FreeBSD. I don't know what else it does
run on. It works great on Sun machines with gcc.
Since it is export restricted, send me mail and I will send you the name of
the hidden directory to get the file.
--- end included excerpt of message ---
His primary account is loki at nately.ucsd.edu; he also has a dialup account --
lcottrell at popmail.ucsd.edu. He's on the c'punks list (Hi Lance !).
In addition to being backwards-compatible with the Finney/Ghio/Hughes format
of remailer messages, Mixmaster supports a new message format in which all
original messages are chopped/padded for transmission, resulting in a uniform
packet size. Mixmaster also automatically reorders messages of all formats, using a fixed-size pool.
Mixmaster is designed around PGPTools, with the intent to support full use of
PGP. Unfortunately I've seen some empirical evidence that PGP messages don't
quite work with the system at present. Neither of the Mixmaster remailers of
which I'm aware ("mix" and "q") is indicated as supporting PGP in Raph's
current list. Solving this apparent problem, and porting Mixmaster to Ultrix
(might be trivial, I haven't tried yet) are among my top c'punk priorities
right now.
Of course it would be nice to produce an exportable version of Mixmaster too...
 -L. Futplex McCarthy, seeking a summer job/internship; BS CS Cornell + 2 yrs.
  grad school in theoretical computer science (algebraic algorithms), planning
  a Ph.D.; send private email for, or with, further info
[I don't speak for Lance Cottrell and he doesn't speak for me.]

@_date: 1995-01-26 12:28:25
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: An article on Windows (in)security 
FYI, there's been some controversy lately on the Firewalls list about Winn
Schwartau. For one thing, he apparently works as a marketer for the company
that makes the Sidewinder firewall, so this "independent consultant" bit has
been judged rather misleading by some people. Last I saw, someone was requesting an apology/explanation from Internet World or some such magazine
for the last paragraph above, or a reasonable facsimile.
This arose because he apparently wrote a highly favorable review of Sidewinder
for the aforementioned `zine, in which he also criticized Bellovin & Cheswick's
firewalls bible for not discussing "type enforcement" (used/implemented by Sidewinder).  The latter criticism has been vigorously defended by some third
parties, and I don't know enough about the subject to make any clear judgement
about it. Anyway, since he's knocking the security of something else in the
article here, I thought it appropriate to point all this out.
[Lest anyone ask me, you can join the firewalls list by sending mail to
 majordomo at greatcircle.com with "subscribe firewalls" in the body, not in the
 subject. There's a digest format (use "subscribe firewalls-digest") which I
 recommend over the standard list distribution.]
 -L. Futplex McCarthy

@_date: 1995-01-26 16:38:08
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Take the Unix Jihad elsewhere, please 
Could we please _not_ engage in Yet Another O/S Jihad here ?
I doubt anyone will ever convince Perry and James to stop flaming each other
incessantly in public, but we don't need to fan the flames.
Thank you.
 -L. McCarthy

@_date: 1995-01-26 22:32:52
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: No more unix holy war ! 
Right, so why do you persist in sending them here ?
Right, so why did you answer (and to the list, no less) ?
If that were true, this thread would be long dead.
Right, so why are you sending it to the cypherpunks list ?
This was (briefly) promising.
If you hoped to end the thread, why continue it like this less than an hour
later ?
Why ?  What about ending the thread ?
3 more messages in 13 minutes, and you said you hoped this thread would end ?
Why not spare us entirely by not sending all this mail which "has nothing to
do with cypherpunks" as you said ?
"Yes, James, you're absolutely right. I prostrate myself before your
Will you be quiet about this now ?  What do we need to do to make you hush up ?
 -L. Futplex McCarthy

@_date: 1995-01-27 02:34:05
@_author: L. McCarthy 
@_subject: Starting a remailer 
Absolutely -- anonymity of the remailer _account holder_ is a central part of the "guerrilla remailer" concept AFA I'm concerned. Tim keeps reminding us that the distinction between the machine owner/ISP admin and the remailer
operator can be crucial, for legal reasons (i.e. the ECPA). I think it may
also be useful to push this distinction down a level, separating the _account
owner_ from the _remailer operator_. I get the feeling that in many cases the
folks willing/able to fund remailers aren't the same folks who are willing/
able to operate remailers. Hence it seems natural to have a collaboration between a remailer sponsor (person or group providing money to pay for an account or dedicated hardware) and a remailer operator (person or group providing time & technical skill to install, maintain, and upgrade the remailer). Of course the sponsor and operator could be anonymous from each
other, and I suppose even the members of each group need not know each others' identities.
c2.org allows anonymous account creation over the net, which is handy.
If you're feeling lucky, you could send cash in the mail instead of a money
IMHO the tricky part is maintaining anonymity of the _operator_ over time. In
a reasonably general model, an operator will need to access a remailer
account across the net repeatedly, to recover from system crashes, install
new versions of remailer software, etc. The nature of a telnet session doesn't lend itself to reordering, latency, or cover traffic AFAI can see.
Perhaps the technique of sending encrypted shell scripts to an account for
execution (inquired about here recently) could do the work. Anon-HTTP
combined with WWW forms and some not-so-safe-TCL might offer more palatable
real-time responsiveness. I've experimented a little with a protocol for handling complaint mail, in which a cron job (or equivalent) running on the
remailer account greps the received non-remailing mail for complaint keywords,
then encrypts the result and chain-remails it to the operator (or posts it to
some well-propagated newsgroup). Please cc: me on the latter.  Thanks. ;}
 -L. Futplex McCarthy, seeking a summer job/internship -- private mail for info
