
@_date: 1993-10-11 00:16:09
@_author: the mischeivious god 
@_subject: Walk ME thru PGP por favor... 
Dear Cypherpunks,
Ok I have been interacting now with the list for 2 months now in order to have circumvented what I am about to ask. I figured if I just pay attention
to what all the chat is about I could figure out how to "casually"
implement PGP and anon remailers into my daily routine..which is one of the objectives of the list or is it??
I have read the documentation, and I tried to compile the pgp2.3a on the convex
but then I decided I had better keep all the secret stuff at home and not on
the remote time share computer.
HOwever I need to know some practical answers before I get going...and please respond as a layman please...I am not holding a contest for elliptical
jargon users to show off.
Having created a military grade secret key, where do I go from there.
1. I need public keys....how to get them? How to have them certified?
How to certify the certifications? 2. I use PC DOS ( I have the Beta version of PGP2.3a for windows but it does not seem to work well if at all...). So with my pgp23a for DOS I want to write a letter....use a text editor?
probably. So how should Save as the file ? Do I need a suffix especially for PGP?
3. Uploading is a bitch as our Kermit (yes we do not have zmodem and the server sports a 9600 baud top speed...what a pile of crap but it is PHREE.) ...
as our Kermit server glitches most things sent. Hence the letter will be worthless by the time it gets to its destination. I hear about emacs and mime and other other goodies....how can I use these or should I bother?
4. Given that I have successfully encrypted how do I know it worked? I mean is
it at all possible that my copy of pgp was tainted such that it looks encrypted
but someone tacked on a backdoor to my downloaded version of PGP?
5. Now then given a successful upload how do I mail it? I use elm and vi is
the default editor (VI=vile for novices) how do I pull up the file into the
mailer via VI? Ok.
6. to recieve a letter just tell me the reverse...by the way I do not have problems downloading only uploading...everyone on our host who uses a modem
instead of the newly installed campus LAN (which means anyone who has a life
and needs more room than a shoebox sized dormroom).
EXTRA note : The dorms at Tulane University got rewired for the new school year.
It almost makes me want to go back to school _and_ live in the dorms. You see they put coax to all the rooms which has integrated the library catalog,cablevision with 32 channels (a hack infiltrated already and gave everyone PLAYBOY channel for 2 days...just imagine all the freshmen glued to the set.), and on the same cable we have IP access to the net though if you set up your ownnode it can only be temporary,,,they figured out a way to enforce this.
Kind of makes drool as I am stuck with copper wire phone lines in a 100 year oldapartment building with my 2400 baud modem...the kids today get all the breaks!
PS send all responses to me privately please
loki at convex1.tcs.tulane.edu
subject:LOKI:USE YOUR PGP COPY!!!

@_date: 1993-09-12 09:53:22
@_author: the mischeivious god 
@_subject: nada against the gubbamess... 
no doubt....I have a question for everyone though. How does anarchy
deal with justice and who would be the ones to provide this service. Because lets face it we all have days some more that others where we need
recourse..be it a dispute on your VISA b/c some @ warezhouse mailed you some crappy stuff and still won't give you back your money...
For me the decline of West. Civ. started when Blanche was raped by Stanley in _Streetcar_named_DESIRE_ by Tn. Williams...but to get back to my point
...hmmm what was it...oh!!!
The last vestiges of our gubbamess will be the judicial system
...beacuse we all have those days...
Also is society outside of our Ivory tower cases with twin cooling fans ready
for an anarchical harmony???
Bzzztt.. the internet is becoming a great place for commerce and trade concerns
to get up wit' each other...Trade Secrets and financial records need to be
protected from reverse-engineers who cannot think up a creative idea for them-
selves so they will steal it. Granted the IRS will soon be peeing in its empty
pants pockets to keep them full...but trade is another reason for crypts.
And not this reconstituted clipper shit the E.C. is toying with right now.
It is isn't it? see      ...vi sucks...kk > Loki on a mosquito ridden convex mired in a swamp never to be salvaged...except by da cajuns....

@_date: 1993-09-14 00:38:51
@_author: the mischeivious god 
@_subject: warez garbage cluttering  the  screen 
GRRRRRRRRRRRR......	I dont have to pay and I rather found it useful.

@_date: 1993-09-15 08:29:10
@_author: the mischeivious god 
@_subject: PGPC 2.2 available...Problems with GNUZIP?? 
Ok nate at monet.vis.colostate.edu sez that you can trick the host ftp site into decompressing 4 U!!!1
Use "get" instead of the easier wildcard "mget" and the ftp site does the rest
just follow the prompts...if any.
However, I am not sure that the ftp sites appreciate this practice so
don't do this if you can find alternate means...
Also, ftp time takes a LOT longer...so get a cup of tea and sit by your terminal as you need to do some typing if you are going to "get" several
.gz files.
LOKI on a crippled convex with a fucked kermrc (send me a good one please)
and no gnuzip util on the site at all.

@_date: 1993-09-15 17:09:14
@_author: the mischeivious god 
@_subject: where is VMS PGP 23?????? 
Send me the info as well at loki at convex1.tcs.tulane.edu
 Thank you
 LOKI
