
@_date: 2013-07-20 20:41:30
@_author: BizDevCon (L0R3NZ 5Z4B0 
@_subject: Testing with a joke 
Testing with a joke:
Q: What is the longest 10 years in the lifetime of a woman?
A: Between 38 and 42.

@_date: 2013-07-20 20:46:46
@_author: BizDevCon (L0R3NZ 5Z4B0 
@_subject: War is Boring: Someone Just Built a Robot Sentry Gun 
War is Boring: Someone Just Built a Robot Sentry Gun
July 19, 2013
Robert Beckhusen
NatSec writer at Medium. Contributor to Offiziere.ch
It only shoots foam bullets, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't be worried
Here's how German engineering student Britt Liv Ulrike Michelsen turned a Nerf gun into a robot. First, she connected the toy's electric motor to a microcontroller and a laptop computer, upgraded the firing spring to make it shoot faster and more accurately then connected the toy to a servo-driven stand, which allows it to swivel back and forth. Finally, she added a webcam and the open-source program Project Sentry Gun to make the device automatically track and attack anything that moves.
End result: an automated, foam-firing robot sentry gun.
Michelson's toy itself is harmless, but the idea behind it does raise some provocative questions. How easy is it to automate a real gun? What are the legal and ethical issues? (Spoiler: there are many.) And could we soon see automated weapons in the home?
For help, we asked Patrick Lin, a professor at California Polytechnic State University and a leading researcher on the ethics of robots, drones and unmanned machines. We also wanted to know what the Pentagon is doing with its own armed ground 'bots.
"What seems to be newsworthy is that a Nerf gun is involved, and some people may be unnerved by the juxtaposition of childhood innocence and visions of Terminator-style AI," Lin says. "But a Nerf gun isn't usually lethal, though it could harm targets if they were hit in the eye, for instance. So a non-lethal home security robot could be permitted by law, depending on how harmful it is."
A pepper-spraying home defense 'bot might go too far. A lethal autonomous sentry gun is out of the question, not the least of which is the inability to distinguish between an intruder and an innocent child. "Just like you can't rig a shotgun to shoot whatever opens your door," he adds. "The big problem here is that it would be an indiscriminate attack, even in states with 'Stand Your Ground or 'Castle' laws that permit lethal defense of the home."
The capability exists -- though only for the military. Years ago, Samsung defense subsidiary Samsung Techwin developed a robotic machine gun, the SGR-A1, which is also equipped with infrared cameras. The 'bot's destination was reportedly the South Korean side of the Korean demilitarized zone, but these were never deployed or turned into full-auto mode.
The Pentagon has its own projects. A weaponized robot called SWORDS was deployed to Iraq -- under Army control -- until funding was yanked. A follow-up program by the Marines, called MAARS, can roll around with a swappable weapons system, including both lethal bullets and non-lethal grenades and laser dazzlers. Its developer, defense contractor QinetiQ, describes the robot as "taking its place on the frontlines to keep warfighters at a safe distance from enemy fire while effectively executing security missions." MAARS hasn't been deployed and has not been made autonomous. The Pentagon is also very skeptical about taking its own personnel out of the decision-making process with it comes to lethal robots and drones.
"The important point, though, is that the capability already exists today," Lin says. "If it were to be deployed, that would be an important and, to many, regrettable milestone in future warfare."
But should we be worried about someone making a killbot at home and then automating to do something terrible? Sort of. Maybe. It's possible someone could do it. "It would seem so," Lin says. "But there are a lot of terrible things people can make that thankfully don't appear very much, such as privacy-infringing or bomb-carrying drones. We have laws that address most of those contingencies, and that seems to be enough to deter most rational people inclined to try them out."
One thing to watch out for, he notes, is for an engineer or activist to develop a lethal sentry gun just to provoke a debate, create a backlash or force regulation. We've seen that happen with 3-D printed guns. But even criminals getting ahold of those are a big stretch. Lin says, "Luckily, criminals tend to be dumb -- not so much the Lex Luthor type."
Subscribe to War is Boring: medium.com/feed/war-is-boring.

@_date: 2013-07-20 20:58:33
@_author: Lorenz Szabo 
@_subject: The Muslim Problem 
Yeah, yeah, posted by an Austrian...
The Muslim Problem
Nicolai Sennels is a Danish psychologist who has done extensive research into a little-known problem in the Muslim world: the disastrous results of Muslim inbreeding brought about by the marriage of first-cousins.
This practice, which has been prohibited in the Judeo-Christian tradition since the days of Moses, was sanctioned by Muhammad and has been going on now for 50 generations (1,400 years) in the Muslim world.
This practice of inbreeding will never go away in the Muslim world, since Muhammad is the ultimate example and authority on all matters, including marriage.
The massive inbreeding in Muslim culture may well have done virtually irreversible damage to the Muslim gene pool, including xtensive damage to its intelligence, sanity, and health.
According to Sennels, close to half of all Muslims in the world are inbred. In Pakistan, the numbers approach 70%. Even in England, more than half of Pakistani immigrants are married to their first cousins, and in Denmark the number of inbred Pakistani immigrants is around 40%.
The numbers are equally devastating in other important Muslim countries: 67% in Saudi Arabia, 64% in Jordan, and Kuwait, 63% in Sudan, 60% in Iraq, and 54% in the United Arab Emirates and Qatar .
According to the BBC, this Pakistani, Muslim-inspired inbreeding is thought to explain the probability that a British Pakistani family is more than 13 times as likely to have children with recessive genetic disorders. While Pakistanis are responsible for three percent of the births in the UK, they account for 33% of children with genetic birth defects.
The risk of what are called autosomal recessive disorders such as cystic fibrosis and spinal muscular atrophy is 18 times higher an the risk of death due to malformations is 10 times higher.
Other negative consequences of inbreeding include a 100 percent increase in the risk of stillbirths and a 50% increase in the possibility that a child will die during labor.
Lowered intellectual capacity is another devastating consequence of Muslim marriage patterns. According to Sennels, research shows that children of consanguineous marriages lose 10-16 points off their IQ and that social abilities develop much slower in inbred babies.
The risk of having an IQ lower than 70, the official demarcation for being classified as "retarded," increases by an astonishing 400 percent among children of cousin marriages. (Similar effects were seen in the Pharaonic dynasties in ancient Egypt and in the British royal family, where inbreeding was the norm for a significant period of time.)
In Denmark, non-Western immigrants are more than 300 percent more likely to fail the intelligence test required for entrance into the Danish army.
Sennels says that "the ability to enjoy and produce knowledge and abstract thinking is simply lower in the Islamic world." He points out that the Arab world translates just 330 books every year, about 20% of what Greece alone does.
In the last 1,200 years of Islam, just 100,000 books have been translated into Arabic, about what Spain does in a single year. Seven out of 10 Turks have never even read a book.
Sennels points out the difficulties this creates for Muslims seeking to succeed in the West. "A lower IQ, together with a religion that denounces critical thinking, surely makes it harder for many Muslims to have success in our high-tech knowledge societies.."
Only nine Muslims have every won the Nobel Prize, and five of those were for the "Peace Prize." According to Nature magazine, Muslim countries produce just 10 percent of the world average when it comes to scientific research (measured by articles per million inhabitants).
In Denmark, Sennels' native country, Muslim children are grossly over represented among children with special needs. One-third of the budget for Danish schools is consumed by special education, and anywhere from 51% to 70% of retarded children with physical handicaps in Copenhagen have an immigrant background. Learning ability is severely affected as well.
Studies indicated that 64% of school children with Arabic parents are still illiterate after 10 years in the Danish school system. The immigrant drop-out rate in Danish high schools is twice that of the native-born.
Mental illness is also a product. The closer the blood relative, the higher the risk of schizophrenic illness. The increased risk of insanity may explain why more than 40% of the patients in Denmark's biggest ward for clinically insane criminals have an immigrant back-ground.
The U.S. is not immune. According to Sennels, "One study based on 300,000 Americans shows that the majority of Muslims in the USA have a lower income, are less educated, and have worse jobs than the population as a whole."
Sennels concludes:
There is no doubt that the wide spread tradition of first cousin marriages among Muslims has harmed the gene pool among Muslims. Because Muslims' religious beliefs prohibit marrying non-Muslims and thus prevents them from adding fresh genetic material to their population, the genetic damage done to their gene pool since their prophet allowed first cousin marriages 1,400 years ago are most likely massive. (This has produced) overwhelming direct and indirect human and societal consequences.
Bottom line: Islam is not simply a benign and morally equivalent alternative to the Judeo-Christian tradition. As Sennels points out, the first and biggest victims of Islam are Muslims. Simple Christian compassion for Muslims and a common-sense desire to protect Western civilization from the ravages of Islam dictate a vigorous opposition to the spread of this dark and dangerous
religion. These stark realities must be taken into account when we establish public polices dealing with immigration from Muslim countries and the building of mosques in the U.S.
Let's hope America wakes up before a blind naivete about the reality of Islam destroys what remains of our Judeo-Christian culture and our domestic tranquility.
Sent with Writer.
Lorenz Szabo
Vienna, Austria
Phone: +43 676 4167143 (T-Mobile Austria; iChat/Viber)
Skype: lorenzszabo
