
@_date: 2001-04-09 00:49:13
@_author: lori at kmail.com 
@_subject: Read this important message. 
Those Meeting These Unusual Requirements May Qualify For
                $10,000 To $156,000 in Free Grants
     *No Interest Charges *No Credit Checks * Never Repay
Could you use a Free Grant of $10,000 to $156,000 but, not exceeding $5,000,000?
If so, it is very important that you read every word of this Free Grant Announcement.
New programs, funded by the U.S.Government, and private foundations, allows only
certain people that meet unusual requirements a Free Grant. In the past, only the select few were privy to these funds. But this has all changed. Free Grants are being paid in amounts up to, but not exceeding, $5,000,000 U.S.dollars. The relatively new concept of giving away money is called the Free Grant Giveaway Program. Now what really makes these special programs different is who is eligible for these special Free Grants. Common everyday people are getting these funds on a daily basis. It seems hard to believe, but it's the absolute truth.
No longer are Free Grants the domain of the privileged and choice few, but now they can be awarded to everyday people like you. Special preferential treatment for those receiving grants is not tolerated at all. All applicants are treated equal regardless of race, creed, financial situation or credit stability. Once you have been accepted to receive a Free Grant, you should follow certain guidelines. Use the money to start a new business, pay off old debts, clean up your credit rating, or use these funds for just about any other purpose. It will be your choice which investment or venture to invest in. Once you have qualified for the Free Grant, nothing can stop the funds from being delivered to your home by certified mail. With these, you will never need to pay back the money, ever. It's yours to keep for the rest of your life, and the best part is you will never have to answer to anyone! Not one penny ever has to be returned. It's all yours to keep forever.
This is a limited offer for all those in need of a Free Grant. And those that qualify will be eligible for up to but, not exceeding $5,000,000. Before I tell you more, let's make sure you are not wasting your time. You see they don't just give anyone a Free Grant, certain people qualify for this money. Those that don't meet this criteria, need not apply for these funds. If they do they will just be wasting their time. These special Free Grant Companies are set up to assist those in our society that are unable to secure money through conventional means. Someone has to help those in need, and they are set up to do just that. Those applying for a Free Grant must not have a total net worth that exceeds $250,000 and all applicants must be at least 18 years of These are genuine programs offering money to those candidates that meet their eligibility criteria. Everything in this announcement is perfectly legal and the verifiable, honest truth. The best thing about the Free Grant Program is that it requires: No credit checks, No credit history information, No co-signers, No collateral, No employment checks, No income verification, No higher education and even No special skills. But, they do require that you have a valid Social Security Number for tax purposes. Once you receive a Free Grant, you must disclose the amount of funds you received to the U.S. Government. The Free Grants they disperse are not tax-free. Money they send you must be declared on form 1099 to the I.R.S. and it is the responsibility of the recipient of the Free Grant to declare his or her earnings to the proper government authorities.
Normally all I would need is your name, address and other pertinent information to get your order processed. I would love to do this absolutely free for everyone who need this money, but I just can't afford to do that. I am asking for a nominal fee of just $39.95 to process your order. By asking for a nominal $39.95 I am able to cover my initial expenses as well as being able to out those that just want to take advantage of my generosity. Besides, those that can't
afford this measly fee will probably squander the Free Grant money on something
How To Order
send cash, check or money order for $39.95 along with email address to send to.
Shipping will be within 24 hours of receipt
Checks will have to clear first
R.T. Marketing
6 Dexter Avenue
Woburn, MA 01801  PLEASE CLEARLY PRINT OR TYPE.
To be removed from future mailings reply to this email
Under Bill s.1618 TITLE III passed by the 105th  U.S.  Congress
this letter can not be considered SPAM as long as we include:
Contact information & a Remove Link,   grantman2000 at email.com
ORDER NOW AND RECEIVE
FREE SHIPPING
anywhere in the continental U.S.
