
@_date: 1995-12-28 18:45:32
@_author: Lou Poppler 
@_subject: Reputation capital: FIBS case study 
I am currently engaging in a reputation adjustment of a certain player
on FIBS, the First Internet Backgammon Server (see my homepage).
Reputation is important on FIBS, and I thought it might be informative
to examine the ways it can work in the [more-or-less] real world.
FIBS allows various levels of nymity, and various modes of reputation.
Each player picks a pseudonym as his FIBS name.  These can range from
the crypticly anonymous nym, to some variant of the player's real name.
The server will also disclose the FQDN from which the nym is connected,
or was most recently connected.  If she wants, the player may include
any information, typically such as an email address, in an "address"
field in her player profile.  Or something cute, or nothing.  Players
may also choose to have a web page listed under their nym, on a page
full of such listings.  Players may participate in the newsgroup
(rec.games.backgammon), identifying themselves in their posts by any or all or none of {their FIBS nym, their real name, their email
Reputation has several components on FIBS.  Of course, personal experience with another nym is hugely significant, when it exists.
When that is absent, or not conclusive, there are other sources of
reputation which may be consulted.  The server reports two
numbers for each player, representing distinct reputation criteria:
the "rating" is a weighted score representing the won/less record;
the "experience" is a count representing how many games this player has
played.  Before I mention other reputation indices, I want to amplify
on these two.  When negotiating with another player about possibly
starting a new match, and about the length in points of the potential
match, most players will think about various aspects of the reputation
of the prospective opponent.  Depending on the circumstances, the
difference in ratings may be decisive, in straightforward ways, for
evaluating an invitation.  Of particular relevance to past discussion
on cypherpunks, the experience number is usually very important also.
Those with a high experience level, and perhaps a name that you recall
having seen before, are trusted more than nyms with little investment
in their reputations.  Experience matters a lot, because one of the
key strategies is to avoid becoming involved with unpleasant or dishonest players.  If someone has a huge experience number, you can
be fairly sure that you would have heard about it if they are somehow
undesirable.  As FIBS is an open server, operating without charge to the users,
we get a wide variety of newcomers every day.  Some persist, and
become better known, and others lose interest and don't return.
Most are [more-or-less] agreeable and [more-or-less] ethical; however
some nyms will exhibit certain recurring problem behaviors, and quickly
begin to accrue negative reputation.  On common problem is the use of
profanity or the advocacy of various forms of bigotry, in "shout"ed comments or private messages, and the closely related hounding of players with female-sounding nyms by unwanted come-ons.  This behavior
is generally countered with "shout"ed and "tell"ed replies, and with
the "gag " command which kills your copy of any further remarks from that user.  The negative reputation resulting from this behavior is pretty much instantaneous and self-documenting, with reinforcement from anyone who is enraged enough to remember and to heckle the offender at a later login.  Some of us are more sensitive about this than others,
so the offensiveness is just another variable in reputation, not always
the decisive one.
The thorniest problem in our reputation economy continues to be the
case of the player who drops out of a match when clearly losing, to avoid
the decrement of his rating number (based on match results only, not on
individual games).  Such players follow a strategy of playing winning
matches to completion, which increases their rating, but bailing out of
losing matches before they end.  When a match is interrupted, the server
remembers it, and the two players can resume later, by mutual agreement.
Almost all players are ethical enough to resume even losing matches, and
eventually to complete them.  The problem folks are the ones who ignore
or refuse requests to resume.  Avoiding such players is a key strategy
for serious FIBS regulars.  One indicator here can be a complex function
of the rating and experience numbers: a player with fairly low experience
but an unexpectedly high rating is one of two things -- either a very
strong player, or else a match dropper.  (Or else very lucky, but we
prefer to think of that as strength of play.)  The best defense we have
found against the match dropper is complaining in the newsgroup.
I just posted a warning in the newsgroup about a new match dropper which
I had the misfortune of playing against.  I accepted an invitation from
him last Saturday, to play a 3 point match.  I looked over his info
before I accepted, and decided to give him a chance: no email address,
experience = 57, and rating showing slightly more wins than losses, from
a site at a college in Britain.  I won the first game for 2 points, and
was pretty clearly winning the next game, which would make me win the match.
When "dorion" rolled a game-losing double five, he immediately dropped
his connection to FIBS.  The server saved the match, and I waited around
for awhile to see if he would come back.  He didn't.  Now at this point,
I'm not yet ready to start in on his reputation.  After all, we all have
host problems, and phone problems, and personal problems.  It's still possible that he and I will meet later, and finish the match.  (I'm skeptical, because the timing of it is just too convenient, but I hold
my tongue).  Finally Tuesday, I was hanging on FIBS when dorion returned.
I asked politely if we could finish, but dorion immediately logged out
without replying.  I stayed connected to FIBS, while I did some other work on other VC-s.  Before long, dorion was back, my little watchdog macro beeped for me, and I again politely asked him to resume.  Instead of replying, he started a fresh match vs. a brand new player, experience
equal zero.  I started watching their match, where I asked again if
we could resume sometime.  While I wasn't getting an answer, I looked into the new player's information: connected from exactly the same
site as dorion!  This of course, is a warning sign of the other common
form of ratings cheating -- creating two nyms for one person, and playing against oneself, with one nym always winning and the other
always losing.  Well, again I got no reply to my requests, and both
nyms suddenly disconnected without finishing their match.
At this point, I set about trashing dorion's reputation.  I posted
a (PGP signed) article to the newsgroup setting forth the facts.
When I came back on today, there was one followup from another player
who had a similar experience with dorion.  When I signed onto FIBS,
I got a "tell" from a trusted, veteran nym saying that dorion and his
alter-ego nym BatesMotel had just been on, and played a couple of one-sided and not at all credible matches vs. each other.  I checked
their ratings/experience and followed up to my own article with a
definite advisory against playing against either nym.
Now, despite many elaborate proposals over the years, discussed at length
in the newsgroup, there is no automated mechanism for dealing with this
sort of negative reputation.  I have a personal "don't-play" list I keep
up to date, as do many others.  My complaint surely got dorion and
BatesMotel into many such personal lists, and neither nym is likely to
last on FIBS.  I'm not really asking for suggestions here or anything.  It's likely that
most of them have already been debated to death on r.g.b.  I just wanted
to show you a case of reputation markets in action.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::    Thank you VERY much!  You'll be ::  Lou Poppler  ::   getting a Handsome Simulfax Copy ::         ::   of your OWN words in the mail
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::   soon (and My Reply).

@_date: 1995-11-22 08:35:54
@_author: Lou Poppler 
@_subject: Mandarins, Lifers, and Talents 
} One of my messier theories about the internet is that it was invented by
} mandarins. Now the talents, the people you call pioneers, have moved in,
} and they're much more pragmatic, and have little patience for crystalline
} perfection, because inefficiency and chaos is where they find beauty, joy,
} and all those other nasty imprecise concepts. When thing settle down a bit,
} the lifers will come.  They're trying to do it now, by building sites like
}  or buying into sites like Waitaminute, I still remember the Old Days. I helped run one corner of the MERIT network, back when it only offered
proto-telnet interactive connections to three mainframes total.  The network ran on PDP-11s lashed crudely to our mainframes and connected to each other on 4800 baud leased lines (half-duplex).
Mandarins were involved in the genesis, certainly, both of our little college network, and of the military's arpanet.  The mandarins provided
our subsidies, and some of them found ways to use the net in doing their
academic work.  Very many of them ignored us.  Among us paid computer staff,
the mandarins held occasional blue-sky meetings to plot the future and
standards for the future; the lifers went about their business of feeding
hollerith cards to the mainframes; and the talents immediately set about
exploring this orthogonal new quirk of their machine.  All the edges were
rough in the beginning, and for a long time after the beginning.  Network
code arrived in huge inspired chunks from our eccentric talents.  Other
talents, staff and user alike, would go out to play on the network and
find little suggestions for the eccentric talents responsible.
I think the early networks were less than satisfying for the mandarins.
It required arcane mandarin accounting schemes to rationalize our
perpetual defecits, even in a 'funny money' accounting world.
Policies and standards were strained by the sudden accessibility of the foreign operations, under alien chains of command.  The networks
were immediately untidy and required compromise from the user.
The biggest contribution from the mandarins, and I mean this with all gratitude, is that they chose, again and again, not to shut us down.
ObCrypto: we were still getting the bugs out of rot13 back then.
::   Lou Poppler      |       ::
::        * Support The Phil Zimmermann legal defense fund *              ::
::                                         ::

@_date: 1996-08-27 02:39:09
@_author: Lou Poppler 
@_subject: Public vs Private (Was: Re: Violation or Protection?) 
[ re: searches of visitors to "Centennial Park" in Atlanta ]
} >But if the park was a private one, would it make any difference?
} } Of course, which is why stores can have "bags will be searched" policies,
} restrictions about atire, and all sorts of other policies which are not
} allowed in public places.
} } Disneyland is a private park, and has rules which are not the rules a
} public park can have.
} } Put it this way, "My house, my rules."
As with anything, there are gray areas and boundary cases in real life where this is not as clear-cut as in the private/public examples TCM
has provided us in the past.  Let's look at a couple of fuzzy examples.
Years ago, I worked for a company which operated a chain of movie theatres.
A group decided to picket in front of several of our theatres.  One of the
theatres was right downtown, with the front of the building about ten feet
from the street, separated only by the city sidewalk.  Everyone agreed
that this sidewalk was clearly public, and the company couldn't control
what the picketers did on this public sidewalk.  Later, this same group
moved their picketing to another of our theatres, across town.  Here,
the theatre sat in the middle of a large parking lot, with no sidewalks
between the parking lot and the street, but a sidewalk right in front
of the building.  It seemed pretty clear that this time the sidewalk
was private property -- the company owned the entire lot, including
all the parking, the sidewalk, and the building.  On the advice of the
company's attorneys, the manager called the City Police who escorted
the picketers off the property.  The picketers took the company to court,
and won a judgement allowing them to return and requiring the company
to apologize.  The judgement was upheld on appeal -- the case mostly
hinged on the fact that there was no other reasonable place for them
to picket, since there was no sidewalk at the public street.
Another fuzzy gray area would be the common areas in shopping malls --
the large corridors outside the stores, with fountains and park benches
and payphones and trees and public performance areas.  These spaces are the evolutionary replacement of the urban downtown public spaces.
Yes, they are technically private property, and the property owners
are careful not to jeopardize that status, with carefully worded public
signage, and detailed procedures for their rent-a-cops' dealings with
the members of the public.  Yet at the same time, the management also
carefully cultivates the image of their common space as the cool place
for trendy young people to want to gather.  Various skirmishes are occasionally fought over such questions as soliciting petition signatures
or giving out free printed information in these spaces.  This is a market-driven mutation of the notion of common spaces, away from the publicly-owned town square, toward the corporately-owned.
TCM's mention of Disneyland is right on target.
} > I mean, either it is, or it isn't, a "right".   When could it really be
} >okay to violate that definition.  How are the law enforcers to do their
} >job if they can't intrude into your shopping bag, when it's a critical
} >National Emergency.  This is what Denning is always referring to.
} } One needs to distinguish "rights" vis-a-vis government actions, and the
} policies of private actors. The usual point about "freedom of speech"
} applies. E.g., Blanc has "freedom of speech," but not inside Microsoft.
} } Not to lecture, but this frequent blurring of public vs. private areas, of
} government vs. corporate actions, of "property rights," is  hurting the
} cause of liberty.
This is true in perhaps more ways than those so far discussed.
The cause of liberty is broad: it embraces Mr. May's freedom to run his
hypothetical business by his own rules, dictating what his employees may
and may not do using his computers and firing them if he doesn't like
the color of their tie; it also embraces the freedom of surly youths
and old codgers to hang out somewhere, up to no particular good and
espousing unpopular or pig-headedly-wrong opinions, frightening horses
and small children.  The "frequent blurring of public vs. private areas" is partly due to
fuzzy-headed thinking by the public at large.  It is also partly due
to deliberate blurring by powerful & cynical forces whose causes are
furthered by the resulting confusion and by the incremental restrictions
on unapproved liberties.  A corporation might see more revenue and decreased repair/security/PR costs, if they can reduce the number of
teenagers skateboarding and smoking cigarettes outside their doors.
An ambitious citycouncilman or district attorney might see more favorable
publicity and advancement to more powerful positions, if they can control
irritating protest rallies and disagreeable eccentrics impairing the
"quality of life" in their jurisdictions.
One direct means to this intentional "blurring" is the current trend of
"privatizing" various government activities.  A city-owned public library
is open to basicly anyone (or recently at least anyone who can prove they
are a resident of that city).  A privately-operated public library may
and will exclude undesirable persons arbitrarily.  A state park is open
to basicly anyone, with few restrictions on what is illegal activity
therein; a Disney-operated private theme-park is a quite different.
Expect more of this privatization, in more areas of life.
For example, in East Lansing the Downtown Development initiative has
"revitalized" a couple blocks of downtown:  what was formerly a parking
lot and a small city park and a few decayed storefronts, is now a shiny
new hotel/commercial complex complete with a "fountain square" containing
some benches and sidewalks and trees.  The catch?  Fountain Square is owned by the hotel, and anyone named by hotel security guards as
undesirable is removed therefrom by the city police for trespassing on
private property.  Gone is the former city park.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: It is much easier for an arbitrary
:: Lou Poppler   :: intelligence to pass the Turing Test
::         :: via email rather than via live chat.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

@_date: 1996-12-09 19:12:01
@_author: Lou Poppler 
@_subject: Security problems in recent list spam 
I was irritated enough by a recent Commercial spam to the list,
(a message from Sue) that I researched the web pages it points us to.
I note 2 very interesting features in the order form page
This form collects various info, and returns a POST request invoking
 ACTION="/cgi-bin/mailto.exe"
It appears that these folks leave themselves open to some abuse,
from anyone creative enough to modify the form slightly!
Also, in the ObSnakeOil department, the form contains this claim:
Now, it appears that this form returns a non-encrypted POST request
to their server, and furthermore the action taken by the server
is to email all the data to the ultimate business recipient.
Thus the credit card info would be sent through the net TWICE as

@_date: 1996-02-16 05:40:06
@_author: Lou Poppler 
@_subject: Using lasers to communicate 
This idea of sending data via laser beams across open spaces has some
very useful potential.  I want to suggest some motivation and some
enhancement.  [quotes below give a little background, from the list]
Eavesdropping and channel-blocking and physical-location-discovery are related threats to which most traditional data channels are susceptible.  Any link which depends on a physical conduit (phone line, fiber, coax)
is relatively easy to interrupt and to trace to its end points.
RF links, even with frequency hopping, are subject to triangulation and
jamming.  All these kinds of links can be eavesdropped.
Point-to-point conduitless laser signalling, as envisioned by "Bill" and
Tim in their quotes below, eliminates or reduces these threats. Now consider an enhancement.  In show business, we sometimes entertain
the folks with "laser light shows".  The technology used is fairly
straightforward, mainly involving the use of mirrors (the effect also uses
smoke ususally, but please don't prematurely dismiss my remarks on this
basis).  The laser source is attached to a "laser table" which holds a number of small mirrors which may be individually inserted (via fast
solenoids) into the path of the laser beam.  Each of these mirrors is then
calibrated to aim at a particular place in the theatre, usually another
larger mirror.  Then (under computer control) the various small mirrors
on the laser table are rapidly inserted and withdrawn from the light beam,
causing the laser beam to follow first one path, then another, then another
through the (smoky) air -- all to the delight of the audience.
This technology could easily be adapted to make a communication channel
safer from the various threats of eavesdropping, interruption, and tracing.
A single point-to-point channel could be made to follow various paths having common elements only VERY close to the endpoints.  Better still,
a network of more than two nodes could be constructed without needing to
provide multiple transceivers at each node (and with possibly multiple beam paths between each pair).  With known methods of routing and
collision avoidance, we could thus not only route around any known opposition
but also make it very expensive to eavesdrop or even to discover that a signal exists.  ("Honey, call the EPA again -- those gubmint boys are back,
driving their oil-burning old van around Mr. May's house.").
[previous attribution unknown...:]
} >>With a tightly focused beam (light is easy, I don't know about lower
} >>frequencies), you can prevent interception except by very obvious physical
} >>devices.  (e.g. Someone in a cherry picker truck.)  You may be able to
} >>avoid the need to encrypt the link (and all the paranoia about key
} >>management, advances in factoring etc. that that implies.)
} >>
} >>Bill
} } Just a couple of points on this optical idea.
} } We were linking buildings a mile apart in the 70s, at Intel. We needed to
} ship CAD data back and forth, and PacBell rates for a dedicated line were
} outrageous, slow to be installed, etc. So, a commercially available laser
} and modulator/demodulator (modem, but it bears sometimes using the longer
} version, to remind people of what it is doing in general) were mounted on
} the roofs of our buildings. I'm sure various packages are commercially
} available to do this.
[snip] } I'm actually more positive on low-level (below safety regs get interested
} in) light than on free space RF, for bypassing of the local cable/phone
} monopolies. There's just not enough "bandwidth of free space" available. Do
} the math.
::  Lou Poppler  ::  " The more you drive, ::         ::    the less intelligent you are."
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::    -- Repo man

@_date: 1996-02-18 05:28:06
@_author: Lou Poppler 
@_subject: Using lasers to communicate 
[i.e. lwp at mail.msen.com == me]
} >
} >Eavesdropping and channel-blocking and physical-location-discovery are } >related threats to which most traditional data channels are susceptible.  } >larger mirror.  Then (under computer control) the various small mirrors
} >on the laser table are rapidly inserted and withdrawn from the light beam,
} >causing the laser beam to follow first one path, then another, then another
} >through the (smoky) air -- all to the delight of the audience.
} >
} >This technology could easily be adapted to make a communication channel
} >safer from the various threats of eavesdropping, interruption, and tracing.
} >A single point-to-point channel could be made to follow various paths } >having common elements only VERY close to the endpoints.  Better still,
} >a network of more than two nodes could be constructed without needing to
} >provide multiple transceivers at each node (and with possibly multiple } >beam paths between each pair).  With known methods of routing and
} >collision avoidance, we could thus not only route around any known opposition
[snip] } KNOWN opposition ... hmmm.  you're back to obscurity=security.
} It's always expensive to eavesdrop (tapped any fiber cables in pressure
} jackets recently?) ... I was also thinking about security by redundancy.  It is fairly inexpensive for an opponent simply to cut a fiber run.  The scheme
I'm talking about allows you to provide additional signal paths much more
cheaply than the opponent can interrupt them.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::   "He who buys for price alone is
:: Lou Poppler   ::     [the suits'] lawful prey."
::         ::  ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::     --  John Ruskin

@_date: 1996-07-13 05:39:41
@_author: Lou Poppler 
@_subject: Chancellor Group (symbol = CHAG) 
Note that the referenced web server is in another domain owned by this
same Bob Williams.  Perhaps his misleading unsolicited investment advice
is part of a package deal provided to companies who buy his web service.

@_date: 1996-05-05 19:19:02
@_author: Lou Poppler 
@_subject: WWW proxies? 
} } Has anyone developed such a beast yet?
I know of two anonymizing web proxies.  See:
            and:
I think both sites offer source for what they are doing.
I've used the Observatory de Paris site a few times as http_proxy.
Last I checked, the Carnegie-Mellon site only serves requests from
*.cmu.edu clients.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: Recently seen on a California
:: Lou Poppler   ::  license plate on a VW beetle:
::         ::        ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::          "FEATURE"
