
@_date: 2013-08-15 09:38:36
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [liberationtech] We'll make ourselves a GNU Internet.. GADS, PSYC, distributed search 
You broke the Internet.
We'll make ourselves a GNU one.
            This is the video from the talks given by Christian Grothoff, Carlo
von lynX, Jacob Appelbaum and Richard Stallman in Berlin on August 1st.
The talks are in English, even though the welcoming words are in German.
Christian Grothoff's talk summarized the recent revelations about PRISM
and their implications for non-American citizens, industries and
governments. It then presented technical solutions towards a secure
and fully decentralized future Internet, which would address key challenges
for self-determined life created by the world-wide police state.
Interesting details on this:
    - A new cryptographic method for a privacy-capable DNS/DNSSEC
      replacement, called GADS.
    - A faster and smarter extensible messaging syntax than XML
      and JSON, called PSYC.
    - A strategy for distributed and liberated Internet search,
      called RegEx.
Carlo von lynX gave a presentation on how secushare intends to provide
messaging and Facebook-like functionality on top of GNUnet.
    Keywords: Scalability by multicast;
Richard Stallman and Jacob Appelbaum added closing notes of free
software and free hardware and responded to questions.
    It's not about how much you want to make
    believe you got nothing to hide. It's about your
    civic duty to not be a predictable populace.
Big thanks to the Pirate Party for providing the venue and the
recording technology.

@_date: 2013-10-10 21:23:28
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [liberationtech] 10 reasons not to start using PGP 
We had some debate on this topic at the Circumvention Tech
Summit and I got some requests to publish my six reasons
not to use PGP. Well, I spent a bit more time on it and now
they turned into 10 reasons not to. Some may appear similar
or identical, but actually they are on top of each other.
Corrections and religious flame wars are welcome. YMMV.
   Coloured version at    [01]Pretty Good Privacy is better than no encryption at all, and being
   [02]end-to-end it is also better than relying on [03]SMTP over [04]TLS
   (that is, point-to-point between the mail servers while the message is
   unencrypted in-between), but is it still a good choice for the future?
   Is it something we should recommend to people who are asking for better
   privacy today?
1. Downgrade Attack: The risk of using it wrong.
   Modern cryptographic communication tools simply do not provide means to
   exchange messages without encryption. With e-mail the risk always
   remains that somebody will send you sensitive information in cleartext
   - simply because they can, because it is easier, because they don't
   have your public key yet and don't bother to find out about it, or just
   by mistake. Maybe even because they know they can make you angry that
   way - and excuse themselves pretending incompetence. Some people even
   manage to reply unencrypted to an encrypted message, although PGP
   software should keep them from doing so.
   The way you can simply not use encryption is also the number one
   problem with [05]OTR, the off-the-record cryptography method for
   instant messaging.
2. The OpenPGP Format: You might aswell run around the city naked.
   As Stf pointed out at CTS, thanks to its easily detectable [06]OpenPGP
   Message Format it is an easy exercise for any manufacturer of [07]Deep
   Packet Inspection hardware to offer a detection capability for
   PGP-encrypted messages anywhere in the flow of Internet communications,
   not only within SMTP. So by using PGP you are making yourself visible.
   Stf has been suggesting to use a non-detectable wrapping format. That's
   something, but it doesn't handle all the other problems with PGP.
3. Transaction Data: He knows who you are talking to.
   Should Mallory not [08]possess the private keys to your mail provider's
   TLS connection yet, he can simply intercept the communication by means
   of a [11]man-in-the-middle attack, using a valid fake certificate that
   he can make for himself on the fly. It's a bull run, you know?
   Even if you employ PGP, Mallory can trace who you are talking to, when
   and how long. He can guess at what you are talking about, especially
   since some of you will put something meaningful in the unencrypted
   Subject header.
   Should Mallory have been distracted, he can still recover your mails by
   visiting your provider's server. Something to do with a PRISM, I heard.
   On top of that, TLS itself is being recklessly deployed without forward
   secrecy most of the time.
4. No Forward Secrecy: It makes sense to collect it all.
   As Eddie has told us, Mallory is keeping a complete collection of all
   PGP mails being sent over the Internet, just in case the necessary
   private keys may one day fall into his hands. This makes sense because
   PGP lacks [12]forward secrecy. The characteristic by which encryption
   keys are frequently refreshed, thus the private key matching the
   message is soon destroyed. Technically PGP is capable of refreshing
   subkeys, but it is so tedious, it is not being practiced - let alone
   being practiced the way it should be: at least daily.
5. Cryptogeddon: Time to upgrade cryptography itself?
   Mallory may also be awaiting the day when RSA cryptography will be
   cracked and all encrypted messages will be retroactively readable.
   Anyone who recorded as much PGP traffic as possible will one day gain
   strategic advantages out of that. According to Mr Alex Stamos that day
   may be closer than PGP advocates think as [13]RSA cryptography may soon
   be cracked.
   This might be true, or it may be counter-intelligence to scare people
   away from RSA into the arms of [14]elleptic curve cryptography (ECC). A
   motivation to do so would have been to get people to use the curves
   recommended by the NIST, as they were created using magic numbers
   chosen without explanation by the NSA. No surprise they are suspected
   [15]to be corrupted.
   With both of these developments in mind, the alert cryptography
   activist scene seems now to converge on [16]Curve25519, a variant of
   ECC whose parameters where elaborated mathematically (they are the
   smallest numbers that satisfy all mathematical criteria that were set
   forth).
   ECC also happens to be a faster and more compact encryption technique,
   which you should take as an incentive to increase the size of your
   encryption keys. It is up to you to worry if it's more likely that RSA
   or ECC will be cracked in future, or you may want to ask a
   mathematician.
6. Federation: Get off the inter-server super-highway.
   NSA officials have been reported saying that NSA does not keep track of
   all the peer-to-peer traffic as it is just large amounts of mostly
   irrelevant copyright infringement. It is thus a very good idea to
   develop a communications tool that embeds its ECC- encrypted
   information into plenty of P2P cover traffic.
   Although this information is only given by hearsay, it is a reasonable
   consideration to make. By travelling the well-established and
   surveilled paths of e-mail, PGP is unnecessarily superexposed. Would be
   much better, if the same PGP was being handed from computer to computer
   directly. Maybe even embedded into a picture, movie or piece of music
   using [17]steganography.
7. Statistical Analysis: Guessing on the size of messages.
   Especially for chats and remote computer administration it is known
   that the size and frequency of small encrypted snippets can be observed
   long enough to guess the contents. This is a problem with SSH and OTR
   more than with PGP, but also PGP would be smarter if the messages were
   padded to certain standard sizes, making them look all uniform.
8. Workflow: Group messaging with PGP is impractical.
   Have you tried making a mailing list with people sharing private
   messages? It's a cumbersome configuration procedure and inefficient
   since each copy is re-encrypted. You can alternatively all share the
   same key, but that's a different cumbersome configuration procedure.
   Modern communication tools automate the generation and distribution of
   group session keys so you don't need to worry. You just open up a
   working group and invite the people to work with.
9. TL;DR: I don't care. I've got nothing to hide.
   So you think PGP is enough for you since you aren't saying anything
   reaaally confidential? Nobody actually cares how much you want to lie
   yourself stating you have nothing to hide. If that was the case, why
   don't you do it on the street, as John Lennon used to ask?
   It's not about you, it's about your civic duty not to be a member of a
   predictable populace. If somebody is able to know all your preferences,
   habits and political views, you are causing severe damage to democratic
   society. That's why it is not enough that you are covering naughty
   parts of yourself with a bit of PGP, if all the rest of it is still in
   the nude. Start feeling guilty. Now.
10. The Bootstrap Fallacy: But my friends already have e-mail!
   But everyone I know already has e-mail, so it is much easier to teach
   them to use PGP. Why would I want to teach them a new software!?
   That's a fallacy. Truth is, all people that want to start improving
   their privacy have to install new software. Be it on top of
   super-surveilled e-mail or safely independent from it. In any case you
   will have to make a [18]safe exchange of the public keys, and e-mail
   won't be very helpful at that. In fact you make it easy for Mallory to
   connect your identity to your public key for all future times.
   If you really think your e-mail consumption set-up is so amazing and
   you absolutely don't want to start all over with a completely different
   kind of software, look out for upcoming tools that let you use mail
   clients on top. Not the other way around.
But what should I do then!??
   So that now we know 10 reasons not to use PGP over e-mail, let's first
   acknowledge that there is no easy answer. Electronic privacy is a crime
   zone with blood freshly spilled all over. None of the existing tools
   are fully good enough. We have to get used to the fact that new tools
   will come out twice a year.
   Mallory has an interest in making us believe encryption isn't going to
   work anyway - but internal data leaked by Mr Snowden shows that
   encryption actually works. We should just care to use it the best way.
   That means, not with PGP.
There is no one magic bullet you can learn about.
   You have to get used to learning new software frequently. You have to
   teach the basics of encryption independently from any software,
   especially from the one that does it wrong the most.
   In the [09]comparison we have listed a few currently existing
   technologies, that provide a safer messaging experience than PGP. The
   problem with those frequently is, that they haven't been peer reviewed.
   You may want to invest time or money in having projects peer reviewed
   for safety.
   Pond is currently among the most interesting projects for mail privacy,
   hiding its padded undetectable crypto in the general noise of Tor. Tor
   is a good place to hide private communication since the bulk of Tor
   traffic seems to be anonymized transactions with Facebook and the like.
   Even better source of cover traffic is file sharing, that's why
   RetroShare and GNUnet both have solid file sharing functionality to let
   you hide your communications in.
   Mallory will try to adapt and keep track of our communications as we
   dive into cover traffic, but it will be a very hard challenge for him,
   also because all of these technologies are working to switch to
   Curve25519. Secushare intends to only support Curve25519 to impede
   [10]downgrade attacks. Until the next best practice comes out. It's an
   arms race. Time to lay down your old bayonet while Mallory is pointing
   a nuclear missile at you.
Thank you, PGP.
   Thank you Mr Zimmermann for bringing encryption technology to the
   simple people, back in 1991. It has been an invaluable tool for twenty
   years, we will never forget. But it is overdue to move on.
  01.   02.   03.   04.   05.   06.   07.   08.   09.   10.   11.   12.   13.   14.   15.   16.   17.   18. Thanks for feedback to tg, duy and especially Mr Grothoff.

@_date: 2013-10-11 00:08:47
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [liberationtech] 10 reasons not to start using PGP 
Hello again. I will answer to most comments all in a single mail
to avoid clogging libtech. While I wrote this another ten mails
have slipped in, so expect another large reply to those.  :-)
Sorry if I start talking about the alternatives only at the very end
of the document. This is about becoming aware of how serious the
problem is and to start directing some energy into fueling the
alternatives which are popping up like mushrooms just recently.
For the obvious reasons. And I specifically mention peer reviewing
them. So the message is: go get yourself new tools and teach your
peers to use the new tool of the day.
That's a good point. The reason why I don't pay attention to lesser
threat models is that the loss in quality of democracy we are currently
experiencing is large enough that I don't see much use for a distinction
of threat models - especially since alternatives that work better than
PGP exist, so they are obviously also better for lesser threat models.
For example, I don't think that a dissident in Irya (ficticious country)
is better off if no-one but Google Mail knows that he is a dissident.
Should at any later time in his life someone with access to that data
find it useful to use it against the dissident, he can still do it.
And who knows what the world looks like in twenty years from now?
Not saying give up and die. Saying if you can opt for better security,
don't postpone learning about it. If you can invest money in making
it a safe option, don't waste time with yet another PGP GUI project.
Fine with me. I don't think it makes much difference for the end
user whether SMTP federation or actual PGP is failing her.
I don't find S/MIME worth mentioning anymore. It has so failed us.
But maybe I should for completeness?
Because it's not true that the client can handle it. The fact that an
email address exists implies that some folks will send unencrypted
stuff to it. I experienced this. Just yesterday a friend changed his
life plans because of an unencrypted message. Yes, you could enforce
PGP once it's configured - but you can't opt out from e-mail. That is
Look at any of the alternatives instead. None of them allow you to
transmit an unencrypted message. In fact all the modern systems use
the public key for addressing, so you can't do it wrong.
My pleasure. I felt the need to do this since I get asked for
recommendations frequently - and I don't like to say.. wait until
secushare is ready. I don't want to wait for it myself.
It should. What would the icons be that you would put there?
I'm not familiar with end-to-end encryption over SIP for instance.
I think if employers, schools, parents, skiddies can find out who
you are exchanging encrypted messages with, that can be a very real
threat to you. Using a tool that looks like it does something
totally different.. on your screen, over the network and even on
your hard disk.. can save your physical integrity.
Glad someone is understanding the positivity in awareness and
will to move forward. Ignoring threats just because they are
depressing is a bit like sticking your head in the ground.
The whole architecture is wrong. There is hardly anything worth keeping
in the old PGP approach except for the cryptographic basics. All the
modern alternatives use a completely different approach.
Thanks for reminding me to look at Bitmessage. I was postponing that
unnecessarily. I read the whitepaper and have added it to the comparison
table according to the claims in it. The architecture sounds a bit
like the one of IRC, but without multicast routing - so I expect it
to run into serious scalability issues. It will probably have to split
into several incompatible networks as it grows. It will also probably
keep your computer a lot more busy than you expect from a communication
tool. But for the time being it is a crypto-strategically much safer
approach than PGP.
Concerning standardization: It is a VERY BAD development that it has
become en vogue to require standardization from projects that haven't
even started functioning. It has been detrimental to the social tool
scene: None of them work well enough to actually scale and replace
Facebook, but the scalability problems are already being cemented into
"open standards," ensuring that they never will.
You must ALWAYS have a working pioneer tool FIRST, then dissect the
way it works and derive a standard out of it. Bittorrent is a good
example for that. It's one of the few things that actually works.
Imagine if Napster and Soulseek had developed an open standard. It
would only have delayed the introduction of Bittorrent, promoting
an inferior technology by standardization.
Open standards are part of the problem, not the solution.
Good point. libtech is the place where people put time and money
into these things. Figuring out the ultimate UX fix for PGP won't
solve the underlying problems. The number of PGP critics is growing.
I am saying to use condoms that don't slip off during intercourse
and explaining why the old condom technology has a tendency to break.
Well, maybe we can find wordings that make it more understandable.
Of course the links are meant for being clicked upon when necessary.
No, it is exactly about not trying to fix on the UI level what is
fundamentally beyond repair.
Didn't feel like including an explanation of Deep Packet Inspection
and elaborate on the recognizable characteristics of the OpenPGP format
as it would explode the paragraph a bit, but maybe that's wrong. Depends
on who my target audience is. Somebody like you could be. Does it work by
following the links or does it get too abstract from there .. in the sense
that you can read the Wikipedia pages but fail to connect the dots?
If this is still jargony to you, hmmm... you are unlikely to understand
the risks you are exposed to by using the Internet from day to day.
These are concepts that anyone in the circumvention business must
be aware of. You can choose to not read the Guardian article and not
try to understand what's going on, but then you should better just
trust that the conclusion is not made up:
There is nothing you can do with email that saves you from this happening.
Thus, it's not a problem of practices. It's a question of throwing away
the broken condom and learn about new contraceptive technology.
You mean I should explain why it is impossible to add forward secrecy
to PGP over e-mail by design? I thought that was going to be clear.
One of the options that are safer than PGP is steganography, yes.
This one alone not necessarily, it's the least bad one of all.
The article is not meant to be an advertisement for the alternatives.
With my working group we are currently exchanging materials by means
of RetroShare. It takes a bit getting used to as you would not expect
that a file sharing app should be used for by-the-way features like
its built-in homebrewn mail system and forum messaging - and to expect
it to be safer than regular e-mail. But RetroShare does indeed solve
some of the things listed in this long list (see the comparison for
details). The downside is, nobody is willing to put her hands in the
fire to guarantee it is a safe choice of software and the source code,
as frequently with file sharing tools, is too complex to be an easy
read. So it is an amazing feature beast pending peer review.
Briar is expected to be a better solution, but it is in alpha stage.
Both should probably be used over Tor for obfuscation, as they don't
provide for that themselves.
And then there is Pond, which is technologically a work of art, but it
doesn't facilitate group communication (yet).
I agree that you should use encryption MORE.. but use it BETTER!
I am saying that teaching people PGP is MORE work than getting them
to installed any of
- Pond
- Briar
- RetroShare
- Bitmessage
And that I hope that we will have more projects to list and that we will
not feel guilty for doing so. RetroShare has a terribly confusing UI (but
the developers are just waiting for some UX designer to tell them what to
do) and I bet the others need a hand on that front, too.
Where does it say that?
Here comes the part that you were missing:
You gave up reading just a few paragraphs too early....

@_date: 2013-10-11 02:14:29
@_author: carlo von lynX 
@_subject: [liberationtech] 10 reasons not to start using PGP 
Next collection of answers to replies.
Expect yours to be somewhere in here.
Thanks for all the feedback!
I actually expected harsher religious replies!  :)
The opening sentence says
    "Pretty Good Privacy is better than no encryption at all ..."
I am suggesting four alternatives and indicating to work harder
to make them viable tools for everyone as we should no longer postpone
replacing PGP and e-mail. Of course I would also appreciate attention
regarding the fifth, secushare.
If I understood the principle correctly it allows you to generate
new "accounts" freely, so you can put your *next* account name into
a message. If both sides do this, they can obfuscate their identities
a bit. And you can automate it. You could also re-key at each
message with PGP, but I presume it would make your implementation
incompatible with everybody else's.
I kind-of lumped it mentally together with forward secrecy, because
for both problems the answer is Diffie-Hellman. But you are right, it
is the eleventh reason.
Guess what, none of the alternative messaging tools would dream of
putting the recipient address close to the message. They just make
sure that it somehow gets there.
Oh yes, I completely forgot to link that long article that recently
came out criticizing the PGP web of trust.
It is not enough for the purpose of protecting democracy, therefore
it's one of those statements that backfire: The adversary doesn't
care about you making that statement and can use it against you.
No, not really. It is for the multipliers and activists. The ones that
carry the torch to the people. The Luciphers. You have been carrying
PGP to the people and I am suggesting you should consider giving them
other tools, and educating them to question those tools and look out
for even newer tools. And help make these tools safe, reviewed and usable.
Then again I wouldn't mind if normal people /get/ it, too, but I wouldn't
want them to opt out the easy way by stopping to use cryptography.
I tried to hide the depth in the links so that it's still readable for
someone who already knows all that stuff.
It is mentioned in the article. It's the NSA program that enables them
to hijack any TLS connection on the fly. It was mentioned in television
news some weeks ago, too. The way I put it in that text is a hint saying
"if you don't understand this, you should seriousy consider reading the
linked articles..."  ;-)
Except for the fact that you are still using a mail address, thus
it can ALWAYS be used without encryption -> FAIL.
Are you alluding to
     ?
Hm, all of the approaches presume that there is something like a server
that a dissident can trust.
You are slowly turning the email network in some sort of a Tor.
Ok, how does it figure out the recipient can handle ECC?
Feasible? Such tools already exist. File sharing happens. Tor, too.
Whereas obfuscation over mail servers needs to be deployed first.
I think tools should do both spool-then-forward and play with
cover traffic. If GNUnet as an academic project is working so much
on the cover traffic bit, some academic results maybe exist.
The terms P2P and federation are starting to get confusing.
So-called P2P tools are sometimes actually employing dumb relay
servers, which kind of defeats the original definition of P2P.
And you are talking of federation servers that, although they
are using plaintext email addresses, are actually not knowing
where they are sending things to. That kind of goes beyond the
traditional notion of federation. So in a way both are
converging to a similar strategy. The difference that
remains is that P2P uses DHT-resolution strategies like GNS
to address any node, be it at home or in a server rack, while
federation sticks to domain names and therefore cannot easily
include user endpoints. Also, as you pointed out, it needs a
whole lot of administration work. A DHT just works out of the
box by using it.
And then there are also social approaches to discovery...
Still I have a feeling the DHT approach, especially with
built-in lookup privacy like GNS/GADS has it, is superior.
On the other hand, maintaining the domain name hell is
backwards compatible to current e-mail. The question is if
that is actually doing anyone any good. Maybe if you can
convince spammers to use LEAP they will provide not only
for nuisance but also for cover traffic.  :)
I think you have to be a bit opportunistic about it.
Briar does it somehow, if I understood correctly.
Yes. Key management is an API, not a user interface.
Automatic import of embedded secret keys sounds like a major
cultural revolution for good ole PGP. No surprise none of the
list clients supports that yet. Interesting developments.
Not enough to consider this path worth pursueing but
in the category of better-than-nothing.
Yes. That even if all the effort is done you will still be
receiving unencrypted mail because you have a mail address.
You will still have a multitude of hosts that are still
"unfixed." That you will still carry a dependency on DNS
and X.509 around your neck just to be able to be backwards
compatible to an e-mail system of which you hope you won't
have to send or receive any messages since they will damage
your privacy. So what is this terrific effort to stay backward
compatible good for? I don't see it being a worthwhile goal.
There is so much broken about it while a fresh start, where
every participant is safe by definition, is so much more useful.
Especially you don't have that usability challenge of having
to explain to your users that some addresses are superduper safe
while other addresses are lacking solid degree of privacy.
And I still haven't understood where I get my trustworthy server
from. I know I can rent one, but even if I have a root shell on
it, it doesn't mean it is safe.
So yes, I can't find a way to believe that those fixes actually
can fix the entire architecture.
I've read that claim before and I am sure Facebook has already proven
us wrong. Wasn't it in the news a year ago that e-mail was losing users to Facebook messaging?
And I don't see a use in maintaining e-mail if I have to rebuild my
trust network, anyway.
I think I have laid out why it is indeed a lost cause.
You didn't actually address the "bootstrap fallacy" that I pointed out.
