
@_date: 2001-06-27 07:15:56
@_author: lzkoch at mediaone.net 
@_subject: Forwarded article:  DUI kit puts lawyer in glove compartment 
The following article was selected from the Internet Edition
of the Chicago Tribune. To visit the site, point your browser
to ----------- Chicago Tribune Article Forwarding----------------
---Forwarded article----------------
DUI kit puts lawyer in glove compartment
By Ted Gregory
   The latest thorn in the side of law enforcement efforts to curb
drunken driving comes in a passport-sized booklet. And it talks.
"Officer, please understand that I will only exit the vehicle for your
safety or if under arrest," the automated male voice announces when a
button on the cover is pushed. "Please read the enclosed for
additional information."
     That is the 10-second essence of what police officers are calling
"the black box." Its commercial name is Ramsell's Roadside Rights,
named for Don Ramsell, the Wheaton attorney who believes police run
roughshod over motorists and wants them to be prepared when stopped
for driving while intoxicated.
Available for $99.95 and marketed via the Internet, the kit instructs
the driver to roll down the window just enough to slip a driver's
license and insurance card to the officer, put the booklet's speaker
to the window opening and press the button.
The driver then should hand the officer a card that includes a refusal
to answer any questions without an attorney present or to submit to
sobriety tests.
The recording and the card are intended to prevent the officer from
getting too close to observe the driver's behavior or obtain any
evidence that can be used against the driver if arrested and charged
with DUI. And without observations, and more importantly, results from
a field sobriety test and Breathalyzer, conviction is difficult.
That's why Roselle Police Detective John Lawson dislikes the kits. He
said he sees them as likely boosting the number of drivers who refuse
sobriety tests, which possibly could mean more drunken motorists on
the road.
Lawson wants to strengthen DUI laws in Illinois by giving motorists a
reason to think twice before refusing sobriety tests. Now, both field
tests and Breathalyzers can be refused without consequence.
For five years, Lawson has lead a coalition that includes the city of
Chicago, Gov. George Ryan and the Illinois Association of Chiefs of
Police to push for a law that would require an Illinois secretary of
state hearing if a motorist refuses a field sobriety test.
If the hearing officer determines that the officer was correct in
seeking the sobriety test, the driver would lose his or her license
for six months.
Ramsell has been aggressively defending those charged with DUI for 15
years. He has been arrested twice on suspicion of DUI and acquitted
both times.
"There's a lack of trust going on the streets," he said. "There's a
bit of the sentiment that it's time to take back the streets."
Hundreds of the kits have been sold, said Ramsell, president-elect of
the DuPage County Bar Association.
He wants to make money on the kits, but he also is fighting against
what he sees as anti-DUI efforts that are too aggressive.
"A, police stretch the truth in DUI cases," Ramsell said. "B, the
field sobriety tests they give is junk science. C, the Constitution is
alive and well. Use it. And, D, This actually levels the playing
Illinois State Police report that the number of motorists who refused
to take field sobriety tests last year rose to 2,445, about one in
three. That is a 62 percent jump from 1997 figures when 17.7 percent
of motorists stopped on suspicion of DUI refused sobriety tests.
In the one court case where the kit was used, a McHenry County jury in
February acquitted the driver after noting too many discrepancies in
police officers' recollection of the arrest.
"The book that he had didn't really have an effect," foreman John
Prushinski, of Wonder Lake, said of motorist Colin Darling, 48, of
Crystal Lake. "The police's credibility just wasn't there."
Ramsell concedes the kit has angered law enforcement officials and
prosecutors across the state. He is undaunted.
"Why would I care if it ties the hands of police?" Ramsell said. "I
don't want it to come off that I don't like cops but ... they work for
the people. If this creates a little discussion about how we have gone
too far, it's probably serving its greatest purpose."
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt at coil.com with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at
