
@_date: 1995-10-11 06:36:13
@_author: Peter Madden by way of Duncan Frissell <madden@mpi-sb.mpg.de> 
@_subject: [NOISE] was Re: java security concerns 
I disagree: automatic program verification has come along in leaps and
bounds, largely due to the current research impetus in safety critical
systems. Various sorting programs, bin-packing programs, to mention
but a few, have all been successfully auto. verified (and these are
non-trivial programs, which form the building-blocks of even less
trivial "industrial-sized" programs).  Indeed, the technology has been
extrapolated to the automatic verification of electronic circuits,
compilers, schedule problems and computer configerations (all w.r.t. a
user's specification). The real problems lie with specifying the
program/problem correctly in the first place (so-called specifications
capture), and with automatic program *synthesis* from specifications
(which, in mathematical theorem proving terms, presents the problem of
creating existential objects, as opposed to just verifying that they
do the right job).
 I do, however, agree with the need/desire for a greater diversity of
program properties which can be automatically checked. Dr Peter Madden,                                Email: madden at mpi-sb.mpg.de
Max-Planck-Institut fuer Informatik,            Phone: (49) (681) 302-5434
Im Stadtwald, W-66123 Saarbruecken, Germany.       Fax: (49) (681) 302-5401

@_date: 1995-10-11 06:36:15
@_author: Peter Madden by way of Duncan Frissell <madden@mpi-sb.mpg.de> 
@_subject: [NOISE] was Re: java security concerns 
No I didn't -- wasn't sure if that's where F. Stuart's email
originated from. Please feel free to circulate to the universe, along
with some further clarification below.
 I hope I wasn't too positive in my support
of auto. program verification. There are real problems. However, with
the development of the field called formal methods, computation
has been directly linked to mathematical logic, which is a much
better understood, and well circumscribed, domain than programming
languages per se.
 Applications of formal methods in software engineering depend
critically on the use of automated theorem provers to provide improved
support for the development of safety critical systems.  Potentially
catastrophic consequences can derive from the failure of computerized
systems upon which human lives rely such as medical diagnostic
systems, air traffic control systems and defence systems (the recent
failure of the computerized system controlling the London Ambulance
Service provides an example of how serious software failure can be).
Formal methods are used to provide programs with, or prove that
programs have, certain properties: a program may be proved to
terminate; two programs may be proved equivalent; an inefficient
program may be transformed into an equivalent efficient program; a
program may be verified to satisfy some specification (i.e. a program
is proved to compute the specified function/relation); and a program
may be synthesized that satisfies some specification.
 Program Verification boils down to proving a mathematical conjecture
specifying that a given program will, for all inputs of a certain
type, generate outputs of a certain type.  This is relatively
straightforward -- we already have the program P described in the
initial conjecture to be proved.
Program synthesis, on the other hand, starts with a similar
conjecture *except* that P remains an unidentified variable.
The task of synthesis (auto. or otherwise) is to incrementally identify
P as the conjecture proof is unraveled. This requires all kinds
of "intelligent", and often intuitive,  choices during the proof, and
is consequently a difficult process to automate.
Dr Peter Madden,                                Email: madden at mpi-sb.mpg.de
Max-Planck-Institut fuer Informatik,            Phone: (49) (681) 302-5434
Im Stadtwald, W-66123 Saarbruecken, Germany.       Fax: (49) (681) 302-5401

@_date: 1995-10-31 20:33:52
@_author: Peter Madden 
@_subject: Turing Award 
Hi All,
Further to previous cypherpunk discussions on cryptography, and on program
checking/verification, the below announcement of this years Turing Award
should be of interest (apologies if this is old news).
Dr Peter Madden,                                Email: madden at mpi-sb.mpg.de
Max-Planck-Institut fuer Informatik,            Phone: (49) (681) 302-5434
Im Stadtwald, W-66123 Saarbruecken, Germany.    Fax: (49) (681) 302-5401

@_date: 1995-09-14 02:58:03
@_author: Peter Madden 
@_subject: Software vs Money Laundering 
Duncan Frissell's email (Sep 13 17:52:55), in reply to John Young, gives
some problems regarding an AI screening program for detecting illicit
electronic money transfers:
There are also more basic problems.  An essential initial stage in the
development of such AI programs, a kind of expert system, is the
analysis of the behaviour of the human "experts". In this case the
experts being the willy money launderers. The program can then,
aledgedly, spot all those trademark traits of the money launderer and
nab him/her.  Trouble is, the program therefore represents a kind of
blue-print of what the aspiring money launder should *not* to do when
making illicit electronic money transfers. Any "expert system" that
operates by recognizing, and acting upon, human behaviour (regardless
of whether or not that be on the net) can be foiled by altering, or
disguising, that behaviour (the "dummy money transfers" mentioned by
DCF would be one way of duping the system).  Of course, the officials
at law will claim rousing successes and cite numerous convictions --
but as with the drug trade, that will only be the tip of the ice-berg
with no real clues as to the size of the base. The tip of the ice-berg
will simply be what the AI program has succeeded in formally "capturing".
Dr Peter Madden,                                Email: madden at mpi-sb.mpg.de
Max-Planck-Institut fuer Informatik,            Phone: (49) (681) 302-5434
Im Stadtwald, W-66123 Saarbruecken, Germany.       Fax: (49) (681) 302-5401
