
@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: stuart.reid-stuart.reid at ntlworld.com 
@_subject: Thanks for suggestions! 
Just a quick note to thank everyone who wrote with suggestions for my site I'll try varying the background with a view to removing or moving the blue-wave and try to get people to return to the pages I want them too.
Thanks for your input!
Stuart, essjayar at lineone.net
moderator: Amy Mossel:  Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
posting:  MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Send posts and questions (or your answers) to:
   mailto:MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Please send suggestions and comments to:
   mailto:Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
To change your subscribed address, send both new
and old address to mailto:Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
See below for unsubscribe instructions.
Copyright 2001 AEOpublishing
----- End of Your Membership Exchange
If you have a product, service, opportunity and/or quality
merchandise that appeals to people worldwide, reach your
target audience!
For a fraction of what other large newsletters charge you
can exhibit your website here for only $8 CPM. Why?...
Because as a valuable member we want you to be successful!
Order today - Exhibits are limited and published on a
first come, first serve basis. Visit these sites, look for what you like and any suggestions
you can offer, and send your critique to MyInput
And, after reviewing three sites, your web site will be added to
the list! It's fun, easy, and it's a great opportunity to give
some help and receive an informative review of your own site.
Plus, you can also win a chance to have y our site chosen for
a free website redesign. One randomly drawn winner each month!
SITES TO REVIEW:
Site   April Williams
xena6 at bellsouth.net
Site   healthychoice at earthlink.net
Site   MDegaston at aol.com
Site   Carol Hall
carol at floridarental.co.uk
SITE  REVIEWED!
Comments on Site   info at traces.nu
This is an excellent site.  It loaded quickly, had photos of
the items for sale and these photos also loaded quickly.
The site is dedicated to selling antiquities at what seems
to be very reasonable prices.
There is plenty of rare stock to choose from, rather better
than a shop, because you can access and see items in far
faster than you could in a shop.   I like the link bar which
stays at the top of the screen no matter how far down the
page you go, the first time I have seen something like this!
An interesting and well arranged site.
This site is very well done and interesting.  Very fast loading!
I wish the menu bar at the top would stop jumping around
though.  Very annoying.  Either make it stable or put a sidebar
menu that doesn't move.
Theonly other thing that I would suggest is that the site owner
put more information about themselves aimed at establishing
credibility.  There was a short statement stating that they
guaranteed anything sold on the site to be authentic but a
guarantee is only as good as the word of the person who gave
it. All I know is that they are in the Netherlands.  How do we
know this is legitimate business?  How long have you been in
business? etc. etc.  Tell us more about who and what you are
and how you obtain the things you have for sale.
Excellent site - everything worked, it was well laid out,
colour co-ordinated and interesting!  Liked the unusual
floating top menu.
Very pleasant site to view, and easy to navigate with the
floating menu. Everything was very well presented.
But, I would be a bit nervous about ordering. I would have
liked to see some background information about you, how
long you have been in business, what your qualifications
are, and why I should do business with you, or testimonials
from previous customers.
Site 137 traces.nu was a wonderful site!  Very elegant and
simple to use. I love the way the navigation bar goes down
the page with you! Makes getting around much simpler.
I wouldn't change a thing!
suggestions for my site I'll try varying the background with a view to removing
or moving the blue-wave and try to get people to return
to the pages I want them too.
Thanks for your input!
Stuart, essjayar at lineone.net
posting:   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Send posts and questions (or your answers) to:
   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Please send suggestions and comments to:
   Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
To change your subscribed address, send both new
and old address to Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
See below for unsubscribe instructions.
Copyright 2001 AEOpublishing
----- End of Your Membership Exchange
This email was sent to cypherpunks at cyberpass.net, at your request, by Your Membership Newsletter Services.
