
@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: RodgerDry-usnthem at ticopa.quik.com 
@_subject: Here's what to do so you're not bothered by this 
sounds like a Packard Bell.
arkdoshk.vxd is a virtual device driver that can sometimes
be overwritten by an update of DirectX. It's absence will
not harm your system.
Click "Start" and "Run"
type "Sysedit"
Erase this line from the SYSTEM.INI
[386enh] section: DEVICE=ARKDOSHK.VXD
Save and exit.
You should no longer be bothered with this.
Examine carefully - those with email addresses included WILL
trade links with you, you are encouraged to contact them. And,
there are many ways to build a successful business. Just look at
these successful sites/programs other members are involved in...
If you have a product, service, opportunity and/or quality
merchandise that appeals to people worldwide, reach your
target audience!
For a fraction of what other large newsletters charge you
can exhibit your website here for only $8 CPM. Why?...
Because as a valuable member we want you to be successful!
Order today - Exhibits are limited and published on a
first come, first serve basis. Visit these sites, look for what you like and any suggestions
you can offer, and send your critique to MyInput
And, after reviewing three sites, your web site will be added to
the list! It's fun, easy, and it's a great opportunity to give
some help and receive an informative review of your own site.
Plus, you can also win a chance to have y our site chosen for
a free website redesign. One randomly drawn winner each month!
SITES TO REVIEW:
Site   MDegaston at aol.com
Site   Carol Hall
carol at floridarental.co.uk
Site   James Garrison
webmaster at sharesmiles.com
Site   gofreet at yahoo.com.au
Site   info at tpcenterprises.com
SITE  REVIEWED!
Comments on Site   healthychoice at earthlink.net
This is a nice looking site, but I do have some recommendations
just to make it a little easier.
1 - The look of the  logo and first sentence "A Healthy
New Age..." with a serif font just didn't seem to fit with
the color and style of the rest of the site.
2 - As someone unfamiliar with new age stuff, I would have
liked more of an introduction to describe what I would find
at your site.
3 - There is a LOT of information and links on the home page.
It might just be me, but I don't like so many decisions on
what link to click on or where to go. By dividing this information
up into main categories, then sub-categories, I wouldn't have
felt overwhelmed.
Cool background. I wish you hadn't covered it up with the
white text box. But if you are using a text box / table, instead
of centering all the information, I'd separate those links into
side by side cells, eliminating a lot of white space and scrolling.
This is a fast-loading site, with very extensive information on
new age products and practices. I thought the 'alphabet soup
challenge' was a neat idea, and you definitely have a lot of
With the layout, try to stick to one background print, and one
related background color for the other pages if you don't want
to always use the print. While the topics all related to new
age, the pages didn't seem to relate at all with the different
borders and colors for every page.
Having webmaster recommendations, I think you need to share
information about yourself, I didn't find any contact information
on the whole site. Great job with your meta tags, I would think
you rate pretty high with search engines.
Healthy new age was a unique site, with a fun layout and
graphics that felt artsy, but with no photographs everything
seemed to load quickly.  I was glad to see the site index as
there was almost too much on the home page, but thought
the site index should have been closer to the top of the page.
I clicked on some of the links, checking out the alphabet soup
challenge, and some of the articles and mall stores. I was
confused by the 'Enter the star gates' in the motivation central
section, as I didn't know what the star gates were. A description
or more information would be helpful by some of these links.
Calm and relaxing site. Well planned and informative. Pages
load quickly. Lots of time needed to visit everything, but
heaps of interesting features.
The white parts of the first page could be the same soft green
as the rest (the white might be disguising a white square
background behind the logo?) I just found the white a tad
harsh with the soft green.
This:MY CREATE ABUNDANCE CORNER
Webmaster Resources Center
The colour is out of sync. with the overall scheme.
Does the site have music? (I don't have a sound card) I think
adding music to it would be great.  I've bookmarked lots of
things from this site.  Very nice site!
posting:   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Send posts and questions (or your answers) to:
   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Please send suggestions and comments to:
   Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
To change your subscribed address, send both new
and old address to Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
See below for unsubscribe instructions.
Copyright 2001 AEOpublishing
----- End of Your Membership Exchange
This email was sent to cypherpunks at cyberpass.net, at your request, by Your Membership Newsletter Services.
