
@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: Michael 
@_subject: Quick USB question 
Don't mean to bait or entrap, but asking questions with too much context
can be leading. I'm not worried about hidden payloads or anything, I want
to make sure that it was (as far as you know) the vanilla version of the
August 2015 archive and you hadn't purposefully included any extra
information for me to peruse before I posted my findings publicly.
John did not respond.
Since John made a point out of the USBs being generated from scratch every
time, I couldn't be sure how long the data had been available. After some
digging, I found a copy of Cryptome's archive apparently uploaded by
coderman[at]gmail.com AKA bandmon. You can find that torrent here
 I
downloaded the torrent to a remote server, unzipped the files and confirmed
there were log files there as well.
It was my strong preference **not** to post this, but since Cryptome has
refused to validate the data, there is no other way to authenticate it than
to release it to the public along with how to find that information in the
Cryptome USBs/CDs and their various mirrors. It was not my intention to
humiliate Cryptome or expose their users, only to demonstrate that the
slide allegedly proving the GCHQ has spied on Cryptome.org could have come
from anywhere. Despite being accurate, the information is not proof of
surveillance or anything nefarious. In short, the alleged GCHQ could have
been produced by GCHQ as an internal mockup, or forged by anyone with
access to an internet connection.
In addition to the links below, you can also download a complete copy of
the dataset from Cryptome  as well as download a .zip of
all of the leaked logs
 and
peruse them in your own time.
Cryptome's leaked logs:
 (4)
 (3)
 (2)
 (1)
If the information is a mockup as Cryptome alleges, then it was created and
distributed by them as part of an insane piece of disinformation designed
to implicate users who are innocent of even visiting Cryptome.org. Far more
likely is that Cryptome has been unaware of these ongoing leaks, refused to
discuss them with me and then attempted to deny their reality.
