
@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: AnthonyLloyd-Rees-cutter at opalsinthebag.com 
@_subject: Computer freezing and a program to free up memory 
Hello Nicety,
I  have to agree with Jim Shofstall,   when he wrote in Exchange Issue  One major problem is that many programs don't release memory when you exit.  When working in Windoze I've always taken the approach of rebooting on a regular basis before I've had problems, I believe AOL is a shell that sits on Windows, which pretty much negates any hope for stability. *nix is the only non-Mac answer for reliable computing. I am a Red Hat Linux user as everyone's favourite Redmond OS obviously requires more smarts than I have to make it do anything useful. If you have to live with it however there is a cool little FREE download called FreeMem which you can get here;
This utility frees up memory at a click when you exit an app, you also get to see how your memory gets eaten up and not released. This may not fix your problem but at least Windows will be running at peak performance all the time and much easier than constant rebooting. The more you use this OS the more of these little third party fixer upper proggys and utilities you have to search for.
HTH.  Tony.
Examine carefully - those with email addresses included WILL
trade links with you, you are encouraged to contact them. And,
there are many ways to build a successful business. Just look at
these successful sites/programs other members are involved in...
If you have a product, service, opportunity and/or quality
merchandise that appeals to people worldwide, reach your
target audience!
For a fraction of what other large newsletters charge you
can exhibit your website here for only $8 CPM. Why?...
Because as a valuable member we want you to be successful!
Order today - Exhibits are limited and published on a
first come, first serve basis. Visit these sites, look for what you like and any suggestions
you can offer, and send your critique to MyInput
And, after reviewing three sites, your web site will be added to
the list! It's fun, easy, and it's a great opportunity to give
some help and receive an informative review of your own site.
Plus, you can also win a chance to have y our site chosen for
a free website redesign. One randomly drawn winner each month!
SITES TO REVIEW:
Site   James Garrison
webmaster at sharesmiles.com
Site   gofreet at yahoo.com.au
Site   info at tpcenterprises.com
Site    Len Seider
wORLDwIDEwEBPros at cs.com
Site   Melissa Kalmbach
melscandles at msn.com
Site   Janice Holton
janice at passionforperfume.com
SITE  REVIEWED!
Comments on Site   Carol Hall
carol at floridarental.co.uk
Just finished looking over your site. It's very flashy and maybe
just a tad overdone. I had difficulty finding my way around
your site and couldn't understand its purpose until I had gone
three pages into it. Maybe it would be a little more useful to
make your front page navigation a little less confusing?
The "next page" tab is right next to one that says "bookmark
this page" - no information until you mouseover the tab to
tell you you are entering the site. I felt a little overwhelmed
with glitz - animated gif's overemphasized words etc and not
enough information on your openning page.
I also surprised to see a site for Florida rentals with a URL
ending with .uk.  Recommendations for this site.
1. On the home page a person's eyes are drawn first to the
animation and red text on the yellow background, missing
the first sentence. Remove the animation and add more
details to this important introduction. Instead of using the
'click here' button, just have a text link following directly
after the introduction.
2. On the second page, have all your links the same color,
and all your text a different color. Don't confuse people on
what is a link and what they need to read. Underlined text
on the internet can often be confused for a link, expecially
when it is in the normal blue link color.  Having the
important links in red and with the flashing arrow is overkill.
3. On the rest of the site, you have good information, but
you don't need the top menu bar when using the framed
menu and the pages are all untitled.
I hope you don't think I'm being too harsh, I just know you
want the best site you can have and I think these changes
will make a world of difference.  Once a person gets into the
site you have the information organized and complete. I
even wanted to come and stay!
The animations make this site look amateurish from the
beginning.  The flashing "Bookmark This Site" makes me
want to leave instead of come back!  The font Comic Sans
MS also looks very kiddy.  Much could be done to improve
this site.
I was confused by this site. There are four animated gifs on the
first screen, and so my eyes kept flicking back and forth between
them. I read over the paragraph of information, but didn't know
where to click. I finally figured out the 'click here' button should
have been up by the text and that is where I should go.
On the 2nd page, again too many flashing gifs.  Other than that,
the 2nd page was much easier to find my way around. One
suggestion, if you're using frames it is unneccessary to have
the menu of links listed both on one frame and at the top of
the page as was shown on the 'special offers' page.
The font style and bright colors made the site look casual and
laid back, like a trip to Florida should be, so that was good.
Besides the flashing gifs, by the time I left I liked this site, but
if I hadn't been reviewing it I don't know if I would have gotten
that far.
This site is bright and breezy. It is very clean, easy to read
and navigate. Logically presented and information-rich.
Some pages had too many animated images for my own taste,
but the pages are happy and cheery. Tip: If you can get a hold
of PaintShop Pro, you can take out the white squares that
form a background for some images.
posting:   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Send posts and questions (or your answers) to:
   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Please send suggestions and comments to:
   Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
To change your subscribed address, send both new
and old address to Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
See below for unsubscribe instructions.
Copyright 2001 AEOpublishing
----- End of Your Membership Exchange
This email was sent to cypherpunks at cyberpass.net, at your request, by Your Membership Newsletter Services.
