
@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: AnthonyLloyd-Rees-cutter at opalsinthebag.com 
@_subject: Linux users receive a lot of assistance 
Hello Terry,
I'm sure John will reply too, but I have to put in my 2c's worth. The biggest difference you will experience as a Linux user is the amount of help and assistance that is available. If you join your local LUG (Linux Users Group) you may end up with a house full of helpful geeks! horrors!  Linux newbies are treated with a deference never accorded to WIndows newbies.
None of your M$ flavour software operates under Linux but that is really no hardship as the quantity and quality of USEFUL software is very extensive. To preview such offerings go to   there are many other sites that offer Linux software but this is everyones favourite starting place.
Hardware can present a problem if you have Win specific items. I have a Brother PC label maker that requires Windows so I am stuck with a dual boot machine until I can sort it
HTH.  Tony.
Examine carefully - those with email addresses included WILL
trade links with you, you are encouraged to contact them. And,
there are many ways to build a successful business. Just look at
these successful sites/programs other members are involved in...
If you have a product, service, opportunity and/or quality
merchandise that appeals to people worldwide, reach your
target audience!
For a fraction of what other large newsletters charge you
can exhibit your website here for only $8 CPM. Why?...
Because as a valuable member we want you to be successful!
Order today - Exhibits are limited and published on a
first come, first serve basis. Visit these sites, look for what you like and any suggestions
you can offer, and send your critique to MyInput
And, after reviewing three sites, your web site will be added to
the list! It's fun, easy, and it's a great opportunity to give
some help and receive an informative review of your own site.
Plus, you can also win a chance to have y our site chosen for
a free website redesign. One randomly drawn winner each month!
SITES TO REVIEW:
Site    Len Seider
wORLDwIDEwEBPros at cs.com
Site   Melissa Kalmbach
melscandles at msn.com
Site   Janice Holton
janice at passionforperfume.com
SITE  REVIEWED!
Comments on Site   info at tpcenterprises.com
There was a lot of information there.  The links were useful and
worked just fine.  I felt the only way to understand what was
happening would be to print off information and read it ON
PAPER OFFLINE.
At first glance this is an extremely well designed site.
Navigation is easy, color choices are great and no blatant errors.
However after spending over 10 minutes going through the site
for several pages and checking the Questions and Answers page
and finally going to the order page before I could find out the
cost and possibly order the " sales kit ".
I find that the offer is not for anyone except US citizens - therefore
eliminating and alienating over 1/2 the internet .. ( Yes the US is
important but the internet is a WORLD WIDE web - about 55%
are not American. IF the product is not available anywhere else
except in the US at this time.  State that  on your opening
You may expand your market later to involve the majority of
Internet users who are Not living in the USA and might mention
that. The way it reads now you have P'd off anyone that had an
interest in your proposition and went to the trouble of going
through your presentation only to find that they can't order it.
Overall design plan is good in navigation and viewing, but it
is lacking in pictures.  Although graphics can slow a page
down some, it makes the reader want to read.   So add some
well placed graphics and maybe some pullquotes.   The title
"Quality Wholesale Merchandise" could also use a different
font or something.
This is a let's get down to business website.  Everything is
carefully explained and simple to understand.  Definitely
focused and sounds like a great business to be in.  The only
things I could suggest is to have testimonials from current
distributors and information about how long you have been
in business.
Great colour and layout consistent throughout the whole site,
with easy to follow text.  My only query was that International
involvement was not addressed.
posting:   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Send posts and questions (or your answers) to:
   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Please send suggestions and comments to:
   Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
To change your subscribed address, send both new
and old address to Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
See below for unsubscribe instructions.
Copyright 2001 AEOpublishing
----- End of Your Membership Exchange
This email was sent to cypherpunks at cyberpass.net, at your request, by Your Membership Newsletter Services.
