
@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: SueMathis-suzanna27 at artlover.com 
@_subject: CPM and other advertising terms 
Hello Peter,
CPM is a term used in advertising, and there are other acronyms
you'll run across when looking into advertising.  These terms are
basically universal, meaning they are used in both offline and
online advertising.  Here are some of the more common ones:
CPM - Cost Per Thousand.  If you are buying advertising based
on the number of subscribers, it will be on a CPM basis.
CPC - Cost Per Click.  An example of this would be the pay
search engines.
CPA - Cost Per Action.  Buying advertising based on the number
of responses.  Responses could be a number of things, like filling
out a form, all the way to an actual purchase.  The cost of this
would be much, much higher than buying advertising based on
CPM or CPC.
I hope this helps in your search for advertising.
suzanna27 at artlover.com
Examine carefully - those with email addresses included WILL
trade links with you, you are encouraged to contact them. And,
there are many ways to build a successful business. Just look at
these successful sites/programs other members are involved in...
If you have a product, service, opportunity and/or quality
merchandise that appeals to people worldwide, reach your
target audience!
For a fraction of what other large newsletters charge you
can exhibit your website here for only $8 CPM. Why?...
Because as a valuable member we want you to be successful!
Order today - Exhibits are limited and published on a
first come, first serve basis. Visit these sites, look for what you like and any suggestions
you can offer, and send your critique to MyInput
And, after reviewing three sites, your web site will be added to
the list! It's fun, easy, and it's a great opportunity to give
some help and receive an informative review of your own site.
Plus, you can also win a chance to have y our site chosen for
a free website redesign. One randomly drawn winner each month!
SITES TO REVIEW:
Site   info at tpcenterprises.com
Site    Len Seider
wORLDwIDEwEBPros at cs.com
Site   Melissa Kalmbach
melscandles at msn.com
Site   Janice Holton
janice at passionforperfume.com
SITE  REVIEWED!
Comments on Site gofreet at yahoo.com.au
Selltheworldonline.com was very difficult to follow.  There was
much too much going on the first page and the frames on the
right weren't working at all.  Breaking it up and helping me get
where I need to go would be much better.
I have my internet explorer browser set to the second to
smallest size text, and your text still seemed very big.  It also
was hard to tell what was the most important information
with all the different font colors and sizes.  Some uniformity
is needed on the home page with the text.
On the program details page the text was to close to the left
border. The 'third' point was not in line with the others. The
steps to follow were good directions, but again the text was
not uniform in size.  Also, for step one it would have been
helpful to have a link right after to join the STWO program.
And, why have the steps to follow on both the program
page and a separate steps to follow page?
On the right track. Layout looks good. Maybe make the font
in the middle table a bit smaller so the page doesn't look
overwhelmed.  Using header tags will help also, i.e.  <H3></H3>
There is a lot of information on this site, and that might scare
some people away.  But, reading over the information the
program sounds pretty good.  I think it would help to see
comments direct from Alex Shaw on how this is working and
if the whole site has only been viewed 21,000 times I'd like to
know when the program started.
The link to 'today's special' in the upper right hand corner
was very difficult to see, being black on dark blue background.
posting:   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Send posts and questions (or your answers) to:
   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Please send suggestions and comments to:
   Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
To change your subscribed address, send both new
and old address to Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
See below for unsubscribe instructions.
Copyright 2001 AEOpublishing
----- End of Your Membership Exchange
This email was sent to cypherpunks at cyberpass.net, at your request, by Your Membership Newsletter Services.
