
@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: ParadigmWebDesign-ed at lakesplus.com 
@_subject: Two different ways to protect your images 
There are two things you can do to protect your images. I would utilize both.
The first way is to disable the right-click function with JavaScript. Put the following code into the HEAD of your HTML document. You can customize the alert message to say whatever you want.
NOTE:  To have this show up correctly in the Exchange, the [ and ] were used instead of < and >
Replace all '[' signs with the '<' and all ']' with the '>' sign.
[script language="javascript"]
function click() {
if (event.button==2) {
alert('You are not authorized to right click this page! All images and source code are copyright 2001
The other way is to create a 1x1 pixel transparent gif and
use it over the top of your graphic by making your graphic
the background of a TABLE. Like this.
[TABLE BACKGROUND="your_graphic.jpg"
BORDER="0" CELLSPACING="0" CELLPADDING="0"]
[TR][TD][IMG SRC="1by1transparent.gif"  WIDTH="270" HEIGHT="370"]
ReG at rds,
Paradigm Web Design
Because an effective website doesn't have to be costly.
Subscribe to Web Sm at rts
Examine carefully - those with email addresses included WILL
trade links with you, you are encouraged to contact them. And,
there are many ways to build a successful business. Just look at
these successful sites/programs other members are involved in...
If you have a product, service, opportunity and/or quality
merchandise that appeals to people worldwide, reach your
target audience!
For a fraction of what other large newsletters charge you
can exhibit your website here for only $8 CPM. Why?...
Because as a valuable member we want you to be successful!
Order today - Exhibits are limited and published on a
first come, first serve basis. Visit these sites, look for what you like and any suggestions
you can offer, and send your critique to MyInput
And, after reviewing three sites, your web site will be added to
the list! It's fun, easy, and it's a great opportunity to give
some help and receive an informative review of your own site.
Plus, you can also win a chance to have y our site chosen for
a free website redesign. One randomly drawn winner each month!
SITES TO REVIEW:
Site   April Williams
xena6 at bellsouth.net
Site   healthychoice at earthlink.net
Site   MDegaston at aol.com
Site   Carol Hall
carol at floridarental.co.uk
SITE  REVIEWED!
Comments on Site   info at traces.nu
This is an excellent site.  It loaded quickly, had photos of the items for sale and these photos also loaded quickly.  The site is dedicated to selling antiquities at what seems to be very reasonable prices.
There is plenty of rare stock to choose from, rather better than a shop, because you can access and see items in far faster than you could in a shop.   I like the link bar which stays at the top of the screen no matter how far down the page you go, the first time I have seen something like this!
An interesting and well arranged site. This site is very well done and interesting.  Very fast loading!  I wish the menu bar at the top would stop jumping around though.  Very annoying.  Either make it stable or put a sidebar menu that doesn't move.  Theonly other thing that I would suggest is that the site owner
put more information about themselves aimed at establishing
credibility.  There was a short statement stating that they guaranteed anything sold on the site to be authentic but a guarantee is only as good as the word of the person who gave it. All I know is that they are in the Netherlands.  How do we know this is legitimate business?  How long have you been in business? etc. etc.  Tell us more about who and what you are and how you obtain the things you have for sale.
Excellent site - everything worked, it was well laid out, colour co-ordinated and interesting!  Liked the unusual floating top menu.
Very pleasant site to view, and easy to navigate with the floating menu. Everything was very well presented.
But, I would be a bit nervous about ordering. I would have liked to see some background information about you, how long you have been in business, what your qualifications are, and why I should do business with you, or testimonials from previous customers.
Site 137 traces.nu was a wonderful site!  Very elegant and simple to use. I love the way the navigation bar goes down the page with you! Makes getting around much simpler. I wouldn't change a thing!
