
@_date: 2009-05-27 07:29:50
@_author: Somebody 
@_subject: GOA kicks ass, calls names, threatens prison.  List headed by 
and AHTA
List includes AFSA, AHTA, Astaphan, JB, Cora Hodge, Abel, Pastor Philip,
Rizzuto, First Caribbean, Uncle Kennet, Keithley Lake, Lime, Claudel,
Hauser, Bevington, Optimist Club, Adventists, Pump House, UWI and
Gleefully published by "Dr" Vernal Bryan:
ABS 2008 - Listed Businesses are asked to contact the Anguilla
Date Posted: May 26, 2009
Anguilla National Accounts and Balance of Payments - FINAL REMINDER
(Press Release - Anguilla Statistics Department) - The Anguilla
Department has reviewed its files of returns for the Annual Business
and even though the deadline for returning the questionnaire has
passed, a
vast majority of businesses still have not returned their
In December 2008 the Department distributed via mail the Annual Business
Survey questionnaire(s) to all businesses on our record as at September
2008. It is imperative that the data is received by the Department
Friday, May 22, 2009, as the data is integral for the calculation of the
2008 National Accounts and Balance of Payments figures for Anguilla.
Our records seem to indicate that a number of businesses, such as, not
profit organisations, sport clubs, restaurants, hotels and other
organisations have yet to return the questionnaire completed as
as possible.
To this end, we are requesting that the owner/manager of the following
businesses contact the Statistics Department today to regularise the
of his/her business return(s). Owners/Managers are also requested to
check their files and ensure that the requisite business
have been returned.
18 Degrees North
Altamer Resort
Anguilla Caribbean Lottery
Anguilla Civil Service Association
Anguilla Family Planning Association
Anguilla Financial Service Association
Anguilla Football Association
Anguilla Great House
Anguilla Hotel & Tourism Association
Anguilla Mortgage Company Ltd.
Anguilla Red Cross
Anguilla Rums Ltd.
Anguilla Shores
Anguilla Tennis Academy
Apex Auto Supplies
Aronel Ltd
Ashleys and Sons
Astaphan's Chambers
Bananas by the Sea
Benjamine Company Services
Bevis Trucking
Boo's Car & Cycle Rentals
C.R. Hodge & Associates
Carib Trans
Caribbean Associated Attorneys
Caribbean Cable Communications (Anguilla), Ltd
Caribbean Juris Chambers
Church Of God (Holiness) Preschool
Ciao Pizza
Collen Clothings & Home Fashion
Connies Home Centre
Coyaba Manor
Cuisinart Resort & Spa
D-3 Enterprises Ltd./Royal Sun Alliance & Atlantic
Delta Petroleum Anguilla Ltd
Diamonds International Limited
Easy Corner Villas
Ellie's Music/Record Shop
Elodias Beach Resort
English Rose
First Caribbean International Bank
Foods Ninety Five
Four Star (Amerijet)
Gorgeous Scilly Cay
Harney Westwood & Riegels Services (Anguilla) Ltd
Isaura Villas
Island Car Rental
Island Construction
J.T.C Customs Brokerage & Shipping Agents
KCW et al
Keene Enterprises
Keesha Fleming Law Office
Keithley F. Lake & Associates
Kerwin Kottages
Kwik Kopy
Le Petit Patissier Koal Keel Co. Ltd.
Leon's Tailoring & Dressmaking
Light House Restaurant
LIME Anguilla
Lloyd's Aviation Services
Madeariman Reef
Mag's Cake Dicor Baking Supplies
Mala's Cottage
Max Printing Service
National Trucking & Heavy Equipment
Optimist Club of Anguilla
Paradise Cove Resort
Professional Corporate Services, Ltd
Professional Digital Services Ltd
Rich One Rental & Sales
Roadwell Cafi
Roy's Bayside Grill
Seventh-Day Adventist Church
Simply Natural by Yinka
Something Special Limited
Spyglass Hill Villa
Tasty's Restaurant
TE Wade Construction & Architectural Design
The Overlook Restaurant
The Pumphouse
The Purple Rose Florist
Tri-Us Inc
Tropical Distributors Co. Ltd.
Tropical Flower Ltd
U.W.I. Distance Education Centre
Ultimate Dvd's Plus
Veya Restaurant
Vinca Plumbing Co.Ltd
Weblinks Ltd.
Zara's Seafood Restaurant
Businesses are required by law, to complete this questionnaire and upon
completion the data supplied to the Department becomes confidential. The
protection of the collected data is legislated and guaranteed, under the
Statistics Act of Anguilla. Additionally under Section 19 of the
Act of Anguilla, any person guilty of an offence against this Act or any
regulation made thereunder for which no special punishment is provided
liable on summary conviction to a fine of $3,000, and in default of
to imprisonment for a period of 6 months, and in the case of a
offence to a further fine of $100 for each day on which the offence
continues after conviction.
We are kindly and finally requesting that the completed form(s) be
to the Statistics Department by Friday, 22nd May 2009 by mail in the
self-addressed envelope enclosed, fax or e-mail media (please request an
electronic version). Failing this the Statistics Department would be
with no choice but to seek the assistance of the Attorney Generals
Should anyone have any questions or difficulties when completing the
questionnaire please do not hesitate to contact us for assistance at
telephone number 497-2451 Ext 2874 or 497-5731.
We would like to take this opportunity to thank persons in advance for
taking the time to provide the requested information.
The Anguilla Statistics Department would like to take this opportunity
thank all those businesses that have already returned their
