
@_date: 2015-10-09 11:54:05
@_author: John 
@_subject: Cartome AWStats 
*You were right about AWStats data. Not the stats for Cryptome itself but
for the Cartome sub-directory, for four months, November 2009-February
2010. Included in a full site restoration by ISP NetSol after a full
shutdown in June 2013.The stats have been deleted from the Cryptome
archive. Probably best to not expose visitors' data further but then
nothing can be fully deleted or hidden.Thanks for discovering and reporting
in this.Publish this message if you like.Regards,John*
Immediately after receiving his email, I deleted the stat files from my
website. They were only published to force verification and public
disclosure about the leak. Now that it has been acknowledged, there's no
point in continuing to distribute them. If John provides a new
cryptographically signed Cryptome archive file without those logs, I will
replace the one hosted on Archive.org with the new, sanitized version. Note
that .7z may be best to prevent the archive's deriving process (it makes
individual files within the zip viewable) from making changes to the .zip
file which can cause it to no longer match the hash/cryptographic signature.
What does this mean for the slide that seems to show GCHQ spying on
According to John Young's email, the leak is limited to the Cartome
sub-directory which would not include the Eyeball directory. However, the
time frame matches up perfectly and does include the time period the slide
appears to show. Determining whether or not the leak ever included the
Eyeball directory, and why NetSol's glitch only restored those four months
of the Cartome's stats to the Cryptome archive while trying to view a
random selection of the leaked files on the online server failed, requires
more information from NetSol, Cryptome's ISP. Inquiring about those details
from NetSol and disclosing them falls entirely to John Young and Deborah
Natsios. Presumably, John Young would have disclosed if a similar leak had
been found relating to the Eyeball directory, but it remains possible that
the information might have been deleted from the Cryptome archive prior to
 without
John realizing it had already leaked. More information will be required
before those possibilities can be excluded.
As of the time of this posting (13:45 Eastern October 9, 2015), John Young
has not added anything to his website, twitter account, or mailing lists
disclosing the now confirmed leak to his users. He did remove the graphic
advising his users that the GCHQ was/is allegedly monitoring them.
