
@_date: 2008-11-14 13:42:15
@_author: rfc-editor at rfc-editor.org 
@_subject: [btns] RFC 5386 on Better-Than-Nothing Security: An Unauthenticated 
A new Request for Comments is now available in online RFC libraries.
        RFC 5386
        Title:      Better-Than-Nothing Security: An Unauthenticated Mode                     of IPsec         Author:     N. Williams, M. Richardson
        Status:     Standards Track
        Date:       November 2008
        Mailbox:    Nicolas.Williams at sun.com,                     mcr at sandelman.ottawa.on.ca
        Pages:      11
        Characters: 23103
        Updates/Obsoletes/SeeAlso:   None
        I-D Tag:    draft-ietf-btns-core-07.txt
        URL:        This document specifies how to use the Internet Key Exchange (IKE)
protocols, such as IKEv1 and IKEv2, to setup "unauthenticated"
security associations (SAs) for use with the IPsec Encapsulating
Security Payload (ESP) and the IPsec Authentication Header (AH).  No
changes to IKEv2 bits-on-the-wire are required, but Peer
Authorization Database (PAD) and Security Policy Database (SPD)
extensions are specified.  Unauthenticated IPsec is herein referred
to by its popular acronym, "BTNS" (Better-Than-Nothing Security).  [STANDARDS TRACK]
This document is a product of the Better-Than-Nothing Security Working Group of the IETF.
This is now a Proposed Standard Protocol.
STANDARDS TRACK: This document specifies an Internet standards track
protocol for the Internet community,and requests discussion and suggestions
for improvements.  Please refer to the current edition of the Internet
Official Protocol Standards (STD 1) for the standardization state and
status of this protocol.  Distribution of this memo is unlimited.
This announcement is sent to the IETF-Announce and rfc-dist lists.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, see
    For searching the RFC series, see For downloading RFCs, see Requests for special distribution should be addressed to either the
author of the RFC in question, or to rfc-editor at rfc-editor.org.  Unless
specifically noted otherwise on the RFC itself, all RFCs are for
unlimited distribution.
The RFC Editor Team
USC/Information Sciences Institute
btns mailing list
btns at ietf.org
