
@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: MichaelMacKian-ml at mackian.freeserve.co.uk 
@_subject: End all tasks before starting 
This is usually caused by something modifying the disk
contents so the program says 'whoops!' and starts all over
Particular sinners are screen savers - turn them off when
doing a defrag - and programs like Task Scheduler, FindFast
and Promotivator.
Press ctl-alt-del (once!) to bring up a list of open programs,
highlight a program that looks suspect and press 'end task',
then go back and do the next one.  (Don't press Shut Down,
because that shuts the whole darned computer down!)
For a guide on which ones you can safely turn off in this
way, send a blank email to mkncys at fastresponse.com
Good luck!
Michael MacKian
Sshhh!! - I've found the secret of making
money on the internet.......
Examine carefully - those with email addresses included WILL
trade links with you, you are encouraged to contact them. And,
there are many ways to build a successful business. Just look at
these successful sites/programs other members are involved in...
If you have a product, service, opportunity and/or quality
merchandise that appeals to people worldwide, reach your
target audience!
For a fraction of what other large newsletters charge you
can exhibit your website here for only $8 CPM. Why?...
Because as a valuable member we want you to be successful!
Order today - Exhibits are limited and published on a
first come, first serve basis. Visit these sites, look for what you like and any suggestions
you can offer, and send your critique to MyInput
And, after reviewing three sites, your web site will be added to
the list! It's fun, easy, and it's a great opportunity to give
some help and receive an informative review of your own site.
Plus, you can also win a chance to have y our site chosen for
a free website redesign. One randomly drawn winner each month!
SITES TO REVIEW:
Site   stuart.reid at ntlworld.com
Site   Michael Blanchette
mfj at netway.com
Site   Len Seider
Lenseider at cs.com
Site   webmaster at alabastercove.com
SITE  REVIEWED!
Comments on Site  John Stitzel
oldstitz at yahoo.com
I liked how this site was focused on one subject.  The text
on the home page made it clear what the site was about and
what I would find within its pages.  Well done, most people
don't get that right.
Suggestions:  move the navigation buttons from the bottom
of the page to the left side, they get lost in all those banners.
Also there are way too many banners and graphics on each
page.  The graphics are too large and really make the pages
slow loading.  Your logo 'Witness on the Web' is over 100K
alone.  Your entire page, with all the graphics on it, should
not be that large.  Also if you are going to embed a sound
file on the page please give us an option of turning it off.
Hope I'm not coming off too negative - it is an attractive
site with a nice use of color and text.  I think its a great start.
Webwitness loaded very slow.  I think you'll lose visitors
who don't want to wait, and that would be a shame. Optimize
the graphics, and maybe use smaller pictures or eliminate
some to speed up the loading time. Move your links to the
top of the page.
John, I really enjoyed your site, but I think with a few changes
it could be improved.  I would definitely recommend moving
your link buttons to the left side column so visitors don't
have to scroll way way down to the bottom of the page to
visit the other pages.
On your purposestatement page, you don't need the bright
blue 'welcome.' It doesn't match the rest ofthe page, and
visitors have already been welcomed at the home page.
On your testimony page I saw a link to your mailing list.
Have this as a separate link button to make it more
noticeable and get more people to sign up. Also, you might
want to add a 'recommend to a friend' link.
I liked your left column borders, and they did relate nicely,
but I think they made the pages load slooowly. If you stuck
with one border, I'm thinking it would speed up the loading
of all the pages.
I liked the name of your website, it went well with your
subject and focus. Some things I really enjoyed - your
personal touch and message throughout the site, the
calming feeling of the design, the testimonies. In fact,
just keep building the content - it's great. With some
changes to the layout, and contacting other sites for
trading links you'll have a successful website.
This site needs desperately to optimize all graphics.
I waited and waited and it never did completely load.
First impression while uploading: very appealing  as the
border came up immediately. Then the doves showed up
and I did not like them at all. Takes up time to load and
distracts from the text. I would not have them. If you feel
you just have to have doves, stick to the static picture.
No animation.
The "witness on the web" Logo took forever to load up.
Could that be done in just writing, without the background
or what ever slows it down?
The opening portion  one sees initially before scrolling looks
good except for the doves up on top.  But when one scrolls
down to all these banners, links etc, things get really confusing.
Would there be a way you can have a few link buttons that
go to additional pages rather then to have all of this clutter
down below? I never did link to any of the other pages or sites.
Hope this helps.
posting:   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Send posts and questions (or your answers) to:
   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Please send suggestions and comments to:
   Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
To change your subscribed address, send both new
and old address to Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
See below for unsubscribe instructions.
Copyright 2001 AEOpublishing
----- End of Your Membership Exchange
This email was sent to cypherpunks at cyberpass.net, at your request, by Your Membership Newsletter Services.
