
@_date: 2012-12-06 20:55:51
@_author: Gordon Mohr 
@_subject: [FoRK] bitcoins vs. alchemy 
There is no 'devaluation event'. There's a decrease in the reward credited when someone wins the race to supply the next canonical transaction-log The reward used to be 50 BTC per block; now it's 25 BTC per block. It will keep halving at regular intervals until it's less than the smallest  representable value in the protocol.
1 BTC from a recent 25 BTC reward is exactly the same as 1 BTC from an  earlier 50 BTC reward. Age of origin doesn't matter, and in normal use,  the balances that originated in different block rewards get mixed  together. (A subsequent use of that mixed balance just refers back to the immediately previous mixing-use. While it is *possible* to keep looking further back to precedent transactions, it's not *necessary*.)
Unfortunately the terms and analogies used to describe Bitcoin often lead to confusion. They're not really 'created by computation' or even  'discovered', but disbursed on a reward schedule that's set by the  system's 'technical constitution'. Who wins the  hash-collision/block-creation competition only affects to whom the values are disbursed.
Thinking about them as a tangible thing (or even a specific  number/solution) can also lead you astray; they're just a credit, in a  shared globally-readable ledger. Based on that consensus ledger, veryone  agrees a particular public-key may reassign that balance to one or more  other public-keys (by submitting a signed transaction).
It's more like a bunch of swiss bank accounts in the peer-cloud, than it  is some collection of digital rarities kept secure via confidentiality.  (You just keep your signing keys -- your bank account passwords, if you  will -- secret, so that no one else can issue signed transactions drawing down your balances.)
Yes, all bitcoin balances are denominated in the same  mixable/interchangeable units. Vintage doesn't matter.
1 BTC (from any block/txn) + 1 BTC (from any other block/txn) = 2 BTC
(There are some other subtleties, regarding balances that were recently  awarded or transferred. So by convention some balances may not be  immediately/preferentially spendable. But in such cases just waiting for  the blockchain to get a bit longer over 1-20 hours makes the balances  completely equal.)
Any assumptions involving a 'devaluation event' or 'revaluation vintages' would be based on misconceptions.
Of course, the value of 1 BTC against other currencies floats around based on what people are willing to pay, but that's a different thing entirely.
- Gordon
FoRK mailing list
