
@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: WynPublishing-wynpublishing at iname.com 
@_subject: Using A Proxy To Visit Blocked Sites <p> 
CJ, Two such sites that allows proxy surfing are:  and
 . However, if you cannot get to that site then obviously it will not work. Also note, that if your ISP is dictating to you which sites you may or may not visit, then it is time to change providers! Gregory Bendickson, Wyn Publishing Over 28 Free Traffic exchange services reviewed in a fully customizable e-book. Download yours free and get multiple signups while learning the art of free web traffic!  ______________________________________________________ Examine carefully - those with email addresses included WILL trade links with you, you are encouraged to contact them. And, there are many ways to build a successful business. Just look at these successful sites/programs other members are involved in... --------------------------------------- If you have a product, service, opportunity and/or quality merchandise that appeals to people worldwide, reach your target audience! For a fraction of what other large newsletters charge you can exhibit your website here for only $8 CPM. Why?... Because as a valuable member we want you to be successful! Order today - Exhibits are limited and published on a first come, first serve basis.    Visit these sites, look for what you like and any suggestions you can offer, and send your critique to MyInput at AEOpublishing.com And, after reviewing three sites, your web site will be added to the list! It's fun, easy, and it's a great opportunity to give some help and receive an informative review of your own site. Plus, you can also win a chance to have your site chosen for a free website redesign. One randomly drawn winner each month! SITES TO REVIEW:
Site  Dale Pike rhinopez at aol.com Site  Dawn Clemons dclemons7 at home.com Site   Carol Cohen Opp0rtunity at aol.com SITE REVIEWED:
Comments on Site  Dennis damorganjr at yahoo.com
I reviewed site 123 and found the size of the font to be too aggressive and I don't like mustard yellow for a background. Also in the second or third paragraph is a misspelled word which should be "first-come" not as shown on the page.
I feel a sample of the type of information offered in the newsletter should be displayed on the page as well as a sample of the free ads offered on the site. I will probably submit a free ad just to see the content of the newsletter.  As has been mentioned many times, some information about the person doing the page is always good.  We need some information about why this newsletter will be worthwhile to subscribe to. Dennis - I took a look at your site, and have recommendations for improving your page.
1- I use Internet Explorer and view web pages with my text size set to 'smaller'. The text you used was quite large, like a font used for a heading for all the text. By making the text size smaller it wouldn't feel like you were screaming at me. Also, the background was just too much.
2- There were spelling errors in the text. Often it might be difficult for you to spot these yourself if you see the page all the time, but have a friend look it over. Spelling errors make the page look unprofessional.
3- Offer a sample of your newsletter so people can see what it looks like before they subscribe. Also, if you are asking for a person to give you their email address, you MUST have a privacy policy and let them know they can unsubscribe.
4- Think about adding a form for people to subscribe to the newsletter. It looks more professional than just offering an email address to send to.
5- Offer information about yourself, and the kinds of information your newsletter contains. Maybe extend your site to include back issues or an archive to see what information you have offered in the past.
6- Build another page for 'sponsoring info' and put prices on that page. Remove all pricing information from the home page.
I feel that the background is a little too bold and busy for the text. I also believe that the text is too large which makes it difficult to read quickly, and forces the reader to scroll down unnecessarily. I noticed some spelling errors, and I think that a link to the classifieds site should be provided, and online payments should be accepted. A site that sells advertising should have advertisments on it!
This is a very clear site with nothing interfering with the message.  I did not like the background colour, however that is personal, it did not detract from the information.  I was tempted to sign up for the newsletter but would have liked a link to see a current issue. There was an error in the wording (a word missed) which needs correction and I think the fonts could be smaller. Overall a non-confusing site which makes a nice change. *cheers*
Could use a better background and the fonts are very large, there also are errors in the following paragraphs : "first com-first serve" and "to place a sponsor advertisement, send your to my email"
A single page site. It is necessary to subscribe to the webmaster's newsletter to see what he's doing, and it doesn't seem to me to be a way to get people to visit. I wouldn't, for example. He claims to have lots of tidbits of information that, he says, we probably didn't know, and this is possible, but in my opinion, he would be better served if he at least put some of the things out there for all to see - when the appetite, so to speak, if he want people to subscribe. As it is, I would not bother.
What does one expect from a site like netsbestinfo? Some useful resources and some useful tips and also some forms of easy advertisement on the net. But what we get here is a newsletter with the owner (whose email reads damorgarjr at yahoo.com) asking us to subscribe us to his newsletter for a free 4-line ad. He also tells of paid category of advertisements. This is all we get from a site which has a grand title. Even the information about the newsletter is hardly impressive and is presented in about 35-to-40 points size which gets difficult to read. A neat enough site but the background could be a little hard on the eyes. There is only really one problem with this page - its just an advertisement for a newsletter. No, scratch that, its an advertisement to place free ads in a newsletter. A bold enough move perhaps but I learned hardly anything about the newsletter itself and immediately started worrying about getting a flood of ads to my email account so I didn't even subscribe. Presumably you'd want to get people to sign up so might I suggest splitting the page into the newsletter itself, perhaps a sample issue, a privacy policy and a promise not to drown in ads and then click for more info on your free ads. VOTE ON YOUR FAVORITE WEBSITE DESIGN!
Help out the winner of the free website redesign by voting for YOUR favorite!  You can help out Teddy at  links4profit.com by taking a look at his site, then checking out the three new layouts Jana of AkkaBay Designs AkkaBay.com has designed specifically for him.  After you've visited all three, vote for your favorite. To make this as easy as possible for you, just click on the e-mail address that matches your choice - you do not need to enter any information in the subject or body of the message.
I have included a note from Jana, and the links to Teddy's  current site along with the three new designs:
although with minor modification, the pages could be adapted for use in a frames environment
Please take a look at the existing site: Here are the 3 redesigns: Vote for this design:  design1 at AEOpublishing.com
Vote for this design:  design2 at AEOpublishing.com
Vote for this design:  design3 at AEOpublishing.com
You will have all of this week to vote (through June 29), and we'll list the favorite and most voted for layout next week.  Teddy of course will be able to choose his favorite, and colors, font style/size, backgrounds, textures, etc, can all easily be changed on the "layout" that he likes. Free website re-designs and original graphics are provided to FLN Showcase winners courtesy of AkkaBay Designs.   If you have any questions about how this works or how you can participate, please email Amy at MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Send posts and questions (or your answers) to:
MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Please send suggestions and comments to:
Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
To change your subscribed address, send both new and old address to Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
See below for unsubscribe instructions.
Copyright 2001 AEOpublishing -----End of Your Membership Exchange
This email was sent to cypherpunks at cyberpass.net, at your request, by Your Membership Newsletter Services.
