
@_date: 2009-08-01 01:44:21
@_author: Wikileaks Press Office 
@_subject: [WIKILEAKS] NYTimes Ed / Icelandic bank threats 
WIKILEAKS NEWS
Sat Aug  1 00:46:32 GMT 2009
1. Offshore banks v. WikiLeaks--round 2
Back in February 2008, WikiLeaks together with our boldest supporters,
defeated an attack by Swiss Bank Julius Baer over "banking secrets".
Now WikiLeaks has received a legal demand from the infamous Icelandic
bank Kaupthing.  The legal letter requests the removal of a
confidential 210 page risk analysis of hundreds of companies and
groups which owed the bank billions shortly before its collapse.
Kaupthing's lawyers claim to have briefed US counsel.
2. New York Times editorial on the money, but 7 years out of date
On Wednesday, the New York Times devoted an editorial to domestic
intelligence "fusion centers" and possible violations of the Posse
Comitatus Act. Posse Comitatus prevents the US military from being
used as police. The potential violations cited by the Times date
back to 2002--seven years ago.
While it is good to see the issue getting some attention, on May
5, 2009, we released the March 2009 "US Army Concept of Operations
for Police Intelligence Operations", a 60 page, official US military
The confidential manual contains phrases such as "It [fusion] does not have constraints
that are emplaced on MI [Military Intelligence] activities within
the US, because it operates under the auspice and oversight of the
police discipline and standards." and
"The coordinated effort gave law enforcement agencies the knowledge
to identify and prevent disruptive actions by violent protesters.
The operation was considered by Corps leadership to be a watershed
event for in-depth involvement of a garrison-based FP [Force Protection]
fusion cell in support of unit deployments. Moreover, the Corps
headquarters integrated the fusion cell into other operations where
the G2 [military intelligence] is constrained by intelligence
oversight rules".
This is the official policy behind the recently Force Protection
infitration of the activist group SDS in Washington State.
On July 25 we released "Washington Joint Analytical Center
Seattle private intelligence outsourcing, 1525 pages, 2006-2008". And on July 29, an analysis, "The spy who billed me twice",
which starts:
"There has been extensive political debate in the United States on
how safe it would be to move Guantanmo's detainees to US soilbut
what about their interrogators?  A confidential 1525 page file of
correspondence released to the public by WikiLeaks provides insights
into the privatization of intelligence operations in the United
States and the movement of such individuals into domestic intelligence
'fusion' centers...."
See  and
associated links under "Source Documents".
The New York Times does good work, but its editorial on this subject is
bizarrely antique.
