
@_date: 2008-09-03 10:35:41
@_author: MacTech News Moderator 
@_subject: [MTNews] Schlage Introduces Web- and Mobile Phone-controlled   
This message comes to you from MacTech News -- the Mac(tm) OS Technical
News and Info server.  See below for more info on this list (including
sub/unsub details).
Schlage Introduces Innovative Web- and Mobile Phone-controlled Locks
CARMEL, Ind., Sept. 3 -- Schlage, the most trusted brand of door locks,
today unveiled the latest consumer electronic innovation that fuses home
security and automation with mobile technology. The new Schlage LiNK
deadbolts and locks provide homeowners the power to remotely control and
monitor access to their home 24/7 with any web-enabled mobile phone or
The new Schlage LiNK deadbolts and locks provide keyless entry through
4-digit access codes that can be entered, activated, deleted or  disabled on
the lock's 11-digit push button keypad, or via the Schlage LiNK web  or mobile application.
This solution gives homeowners the freedom of never having to carry or
circulate multiple sets of keys, coupled with the ability to
instantaneously grant access to family members, friends, unexpected  guests, and service providers such as handymen and housekeepers.
Via the Schlage LiNK online portal, homeowners also have the control  to set
up user codes for specific days and times, receive text or e-mail
notifications when certain codes are used and track codes that have been
used over the past 90 days. These features deliver peace of mind to the
parents of active families so they know exactly when their children,  members, friends and even service providers are entering their home. It
also does away with the need to regularly replace locks for rental
properties and second homes.
"Schlage LiNK deadbolts and locks give homeowners the control and  peace of
mind of always knowing that even if their home is not in sight, it's  out of reach," says Dwight Gibson, general manager, Intelligent  Security, for Ingersoll Rand, the parent company of Schlage. "Schlage  been the leading lock brand for the residential security market for more
than 85 years and we are dedicated to continually developing product
innovations that not only deliver first-rate security but also add
convenience to our customers' busy lives."
Additional product attributes include:
