
@_date: 2003-06-12 02:37:02
@_author: Mark 
@_subject: Please post this on the USENET : alt.politics.org.ciaforme ....  somebody tries t 
They stopped my USENET communication after I had told that my thesis on the business consolidation of a foreign corporation in the North America was 100 % correct. I had told in 1991 that the consolidation of Ahlstrom Machinery, Inc. (AMI) was a failure and unsuccessful. During the 1990s many Ahsltrom Machinery's businesses were sold and the remaining parts were or are to be sold to Andritz from Graz, Austria in 2003. I had told them the truth in 1991 and I was punished by the executive management of AMI and people spread bad stories about me and my thesis in 1991 although it was graded as very good by one Professor. The Business Development Director of Ahsltrom Machinery, Inc. even forced me to change my thesis tosome extent by threatening to prevent me from graduating as the Masters of Science in Industrial Engineering and Management in April/May, 1991. His name is Markku Perkola. Itwas just my academic work.They had even told to my so called birthmother that my thesis was!
  no
t good, although it was graded as very good and as it is now concluded I was 100 % correct and right. So my thesis was right and these people of Ahsltrom Machinery and many people of Varkaus, Finland, just wanted to hurt me and destroyed my careerat my age of 24 (12 years ago), when I had told them the truth about the failing business operations of Ahsltrom Machinery in the North America in 1991.
So as the conclusion I was punished by people of Finland after I had told them the truth,which was my job in the first place. I was hired to write my thesis on their business consolidation and I told the truth. As we know now today Ahlstrom Machinery does not exist any longer.
Markku J. Saarelainen
Varkaus, Finland
 Andritz acquires 50% of Ahlstrom Machinery Group - extension to
100% possible
Increase of sales by 50% to 1,000 million Euros
Graz (Austria) based Andritz AG initially buys 50 per cent of the Finnish
Ahlstrom Machinery Group. The acquisition became effective as of May
31, 2000, after obtaining the required permissions under anti-trust
laws. Ahlstrom Machinery Group's future company name will be Andritz-
Ahlstrom Corporation. Both Andritz and the Seller have options whose
exercise would make Andritz the sole owner of Ahlstrom Machinery
Need a new email address that people can remember
Check out the new EudoraMail at
------------------------------- END TRANSMISSION -------------------------------
