
@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: PeterASteeves-logical at idirect.com 
@_subject: What does CPM mean? 
Please tell me what does CPM mean?  I cannot even guess.  Peter A. Steeves, B.Sc., M.Sc., Ph.D., P.Eng.
Geomatics Engineer
Geodetic Software Systems
Logical at idirect.com
Examine carefully - those with email addresses included WILL
trade links with you, you are encouraged to contact them. And,
there are many ways to build a successful business. Just look at
these successful sites/programs other members are involved in...
If you have a product, service, opportunity and/or quality
merchandise that appeals to people worldwide, reach your
target audience!
For a fraction of what other large newsletters charge you
can exhibit your website here for only $8 CPM. Why?...
Because as a valuable member we want you to be successful!
Order today - Exhibits are limited and published on a
first come, first serve basis. Visit these sites, look for what you like and any suggestions
you can offer, and send your critique to MyInput
And, after reviewing three sites, your web site will be added to
the list! It's fun, easy, and it's a great opportunity to give
some help and receive an informative review of your own site.
Plus, you can also win a chance to have y our site chosen for
a free website redesign. One randomly drawn winner each month!
SITES TO REVIEW:
Site   gofreet at yahoo.com.au
Site   info at tpcenterprises.com
Site    Len Seider
wORLDwIDEwEBPros at cs.com
Site   Melissa Kalmbach
melscandles at msn.com
Site   Janice Holton
janice at passionforperfume.com
SITE  REVIEWED!
Comments on Site   James Garrison
webmaster at sharesmiles.com
Fun, neat site. Quick loading, and very easy to navigate.
The design was simple, but it was easy to find things.
On the joke page it said you could add your own jokes
but I didn't see any directions or form to do so.  I thought
the idea of the joke of the hour was neat.  On the games
page, underneath the link to send the page to friends it
says '50 work message' and should be 'word' instead of
I think this would be a great site to include your contact
information, and a form for your visitors to submit ideas
to you on new things to include.
Too many clashing colors.  The links at the bottom need
to be moved to top or the side for easy viewing.  Kind of
plain.  Would recommend a few more well made graphics
and a redesign on the table.
I love the URL for your site, and did a lot of smiling at the
cartoons and jokes.  I would have liked to have seen some
personal input from you - what made you start this site,
why, for how long you've been doing this.  With a personal
touch and a feeling of getting to know you I would be more
inclined to visit again, like visiting an old friend. Your site
doesn't give me that feeling.
The layout was good, and the content was excellent, it just
felt like it was missing something.
The tabbed interface is nice. But the center table with the
border looks off center. Perhaps making the table more
centered and higher/wider, maybe adding a bgcolor would help.
This is a very crisp and clean site. Colorful without being
too flashy. On the pages I would recommend moving the
menu with the links to the top of the page - I first thought
I had to use my back button to keep going back to the
I was impressed with the selection of games, jokes, and
everything you had on your site.  I bookmarked it to return
to, and that's something you could include (directions on
bookmarking your site).
Fun Site which was easy to navigate and pages were clean-
looking. Had some fun playing some of the games which I
hadn't seen before.  Great site for a bit of relaxation... without
any HYPE or hard sell.  Loved it... congratulations.
posting:   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Send posts and questions (or your answers) to:
   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Please send suggestions and comments to:
   Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
To change your subscribed address, send both new
and old address to Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
See below for unsubscribe instructions.
Copyright 2001 AEOpublishing
----- End of Your Membership Exchange
This email was sent to cypherpunks at cyberpass.net, at your request, by Your Membership Newsletter Services.
