
@_date: 2003-01-15 20:44:55
@_author: Berk 
@_subject: WPI Cryptography Seminar January 20 
WPI Cryptography Seminar
               Towards a Theory of Variable Privacy
                  BY: Dr. Poorvi Vora,
                      Hewlett-Packard Company,
                      Corvallis, OR
                DATE: Monday, January 20, 2003
                TIME: 10:00 AM
               PLACE: Atwater Kent, Room 218
                             ABSTRACT
The traditional theory of security, with its focus on perfect secrecy,
does not provide a satisfactory framework for the study of situations
where information revelation bears a privacy cost and also provides a
benefit. We define variable privacy as the use of randomization with user
participation in the choice of parameters, and propose the beginnings of a
theory for its study. Variable privacy enables the user, or a
computational agent working on the user's behalf, to choose a level of
interaction, based on a personal cost-benefit analysis of an instance of
information revelation.
Our theory is based on treating the randomization protocol as a channel
for the information to be protected. We demonstrate a one-to-one
correspondence between channel codes and a certain class of attacks.
Shannon's theorems show the existence of very special attacks, and upper
bounds on their efficiency. We use the bounds to motivate a privacy
measure of randomization similar to one proposed the database literature,
and thus provide connections between the theory of security and
statistical privacy protection techniques.
We are not aware of any other work that uses Shannon's theorems to
construct the special attacks on cryptographic protocols. We are also not
aware of any other work that connects error-correcting codes to attacks on
 DIRECTIONS:
 The WPI Cryptoseminar is being held in the Atwater Kent building on
 the WPI campus. Directions to the campus can be found at
       ATTENDANCE:
 The seminar is open to everyone and free of charge. Simply send me a
 brief email if you plan to attend.
 MAILING LIST:
 If you want to be added to the mailing list and receive talk
 announcements together with abstracts, please send us a short
 e-mail message.
 On the other hand, if you want to be removed from the list,
 just send a reply to this message with the word "remove" in the
 subject line.
 Regards,
 Berk Sunar and Bill Martin
  Berk Sunar,                             Assistant Professor
  Electrical & Computer Eng. Dept.         Ph (508) 831 54 94
  Worcester Polytechnic Institute          Fx (508) 831 54 91
              CRIS Laboratory
--- end forwarded text
