
@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: WonderPaint-support at wonderpaint.com 
@_subject: Many factors in the operating system that cause conflicts 
Dear Nicety,
As regards your problem with Windoze freezing and locking up your computer I'm afraid your "SOL" as finding a true solution.  There are many factors in the operating system that cause conflicts resulting in a locked machine.  One major problem is that many programs don't release memory when you exit.  When working in Windoze I've always taken the approach of rebooting on a regular basis before I've had problems, especially if I've opened and closed several different applications.
Back in August 1999 John Kirch, a Microsoft Certified Professional,
wrote an extensive article discussing the merits of a *nix operating
system vs Windows NT.  You can read it at   What was true back then is even truer today.  Every current "worm" you are hearing about on the news lately occurs in Windoze operating systems.  So, IMHO, the solution to your machine locking-up is to change the OS.  Running Linux, my machine has been up for periods of weeks at a time with no need to reboot.  In over a year of running I can count the lock-ups on one hand and have fingers left over. I have more software installed than I ever had in Windoze ... and the price is right -- free.
Jim Shofstall
webmaster at wonderpaint.com
Examine carefully - those with email addresses included WILL
trade links with you, you are encouraged to contact them. And,
there are many ways to build a successful business. Just look at
these successful sites/programs other members are involved in...
If you have a product, service, opportunity and/or quality
merchandise that appeals to people worldwide, reach your
target audience!
For a fraction of what other large newsletters charge you
can exhibit your website here for only $8 CPM. Why?...
Because as a valuable member we want you to be successful!
Order today - Exhibits are limited and published on a
first come, first serve basis. Visit these sites, look for what you like and any suggestions
you can offer, and send your critique to MyInput
And, after reviewing three sites, your web site will be added to
the list! It's fun, easy, and it's a great opportunity to give
some help and receive an informative review of your own site.
Plus, you can also win a chance to have y our site chosen for
a free website redesign. One randomly drawn winner each month!
SITES TO REVIEW:
Site   Carol Hall
carol at floridarental.co.uk
Site   James Garrison
webmaster at sharesmiles.com
Site   gofreet at yahoo.com.au
Site   info at tpcenterprises.com
SITE  REVIEWED!
Comments on Site   MDegaston at aol.com
I really love clean, uncluttered, easy to read and navigate
sites like these two. They are both very attractive and well
presented.  In my opinion, the book site could have been
a little softer, or with similar characteristics to the next site,
preparing me for the site that it links to, and having a
relationship to it.
What I did feel most, was that I was expecting something
related to the url  "prosperouswomen" to come up, as this
"word" was what caught my attention and caused me to
click in the first place.
I feel the book page should be a tool for the "PW" page and
not a preface to it.  The main site should be the PW and the
book site could be a link or a popup or an additional page.
(You need to take e out of changing on the book page.)
With these:
Find out how you can receive the free book.
Email us at directions4U at aol.com
For this and a number of other free books on networkmarketing
write to us at directions4U at aol.com
I would have liked these to be clickable links, rather than
copy and paste.
Very nice job on the sites, Margarete ... I really liked them.
(and I have ordered the book!)
I waited over 70 seconds and had yet to see the first page.
Could not determine if this was related to volume of graphics
or where we were headed.
Very clear, focused site with one page promoting a free book.
Don't underline text unless it's a link, or somehow distinguish
between the links and that which is not.
I finally figured out the logo for properouswomen was also
linked so I checked that out also. I think you need to make that
link more noticeable, and also link to your bizland site.
If you used a form for ordering the book instead of sending a
request message to an aol email address you would get more
requests, and also might be able to automate this process.
I loved this site because it was clear, simple and to the point.
It also peaked my curiosity and I followed the link supplied.
If only other sites we so simplistic!
With the masterminding site, the first sentence 'Major Impact
on Your Life' is incomplete. There were also run-on sentences
in the copy, even though the copy is quite effective. The box
with "Life Changeing Insight" needs the 'e' taken out of
'changeing', and it looked like the text could have been extended
to go from side to side. In the first paragraph  '... an amazing
year old text...' felt like it should be 'book' or 'secret' instead
using the word 'text'.  Also it would add credibility to say where
or how or by whom it was discovered.
The message is clear, the site design simple. Two things that
would make the site more effective (on getting people to request
the book) would be to say if this is an ebook, how long it is, in
what format it is, etc. and then also using a form for people to
order instead of emailing. You should be able to pick up a form
for this just about anywhere.
posting:   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Send posts and questions (or your answers) to:
   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Please send suggestions and comments to:
   Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
To change your subscribed address, send both new
and old address to Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
See below for unsubscribe instructions.
Copyright 2001 AEOpublishing
----- End of Your Membership Exchange
This email was sent to cypherpunks at cyberpass.net, at your request, by Your Membership Newsletter Services.
