
@_date: 2001-08-17 13:23:48
@_author: Law 
@_subject: No subject 
Sender: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Forwarding... Please direct any inquiries about the book to
wolfskil at mit.edu.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, August 17, 2001 1:17 PM
I thought readers of the Cyberia List might be interested in this book. For
more information please visit
Crypto Anarchy, Cyberstates, and Pirate Utopias
edited by Peter Ludlow
In Crypto Anarchy, Cyberstates, and Pirate Utopias, Peter Ludlow extends
the approach he used in High Noon on the Electronic Frontier, offering a
collection of writings that reflects the eclectic nature of the online
world, as well as its tremendous energy and creativity. This time the
subject is the emergence of governance structures within online communities
and the visions of political sovereignty shaping some of those communities.
Ludlow views virtual communities as laboratories for conducting experiments
in the construction of new societies and governance structures. While many
online experiments will fail, Ludlow argues that given the synergy of the
online world, new and superior governance structures may emerge. Indeed,
utopian visions are not out of place, provided that we understand the new
utopias to be fleeting localized "islands in the Net" and not permanent
The book is organized in five sections. The first section considers the
sovereignty of the Internet. The second section asks how widespread access
to resources such as Pretty Good Privacy and anonymous remailers allows the
possibility of "Crypto Anarchy"--essentially carving out space for
activities that lie outside the purview of nation states and other
traditional powers. The third section shows how the growth of e-commerce is
raising questions of legal jurisdiction and taxation for which the
geographic boundaries of nation-states are obsolete. The fourth section
looks at specific experimental governance structures evolved by online
communities. The fifth section considers utopian and anti-utopian visions
for cyberspace.
Peter Ludlow is Associate Professor of Philosophy at the State
of New York at Stony Brook.
Richard Barbrook, John Perry Barlow, William E. Baugh Jr., David S.
Bennahum, Hakim Bey, David Brin, Andy Cameron, Dorothy E. Denning, Mark
Dery, Kevin Doyle, Duncan Frissell, Eric Hughes, Karrie Jacobs, David
Johnson, Peter Ludlow, Timothy C. May, Jennifer L. Mnookin, Nathan Newman,
David G. Post, Jedediah S. Purdy, Charles J. Stivale.
6 x 9, 451 pp., 4 illus.
paper ISBN 0-262-62151-7
cloth ISBN 0-262-12238-3
Digital Communication series
Jud Wolfskill
Associate Publicist
MIT Press
5 Cambridge Center, 4th Floor
Cambridge, MA  02142
617.253.1709 fax
wolfskil at mit.edu
For Listserv Instructions, see Off-Topic threads: Need more help? Send mail to: Cyberia-L-Request at listserv.aol.com
--- end forwarded text
