
@_date: 2008-11-14 13:42:33
@_author: rfc-editor at rfc-editor.org 
@_subject: [btns] RFC 5387 on Problem and Applicability Statement for 
A new Request for Comments is now available in online RFC libraries.
        RFC 5387
        Title:      Problem and Applicability Statement for                     Better-Than-Nothing Security (BTNS)         Author:     J. Touch, D. Black, Y. Wang
        Status:     Informational
        Date:       November 2008
        Mailbox:    touch at isi.edu,                     black_david at emc.com,                     yu-shun.wang at microsoft.com
        Pages:      28
        Characters: 71707
        Updates/Obsoletes/SeeAlso:   None
        I-D Tag:    draft-ietf-btns-prob-and-applic-07.txt
        URL:        The Internet network security protocol suite, IPsec, requires
authentication, usually of network-layer entities, to enable access
control and provide security services.  This authentication can be
based on mechanisms such as pre-shared symmetric keys, certificates
with associated asymmetric keys, or the use of Kerberos (via
Kerberized Internet Negotiation of Keys (KINK)).  The need to deploy
authentication information and its associated identities can be a
significant obstacle to the use of IPsec.
This document explains the rationale for extending the Internet
network security protocol suite to enable use of IPsec security
services without authentication.  These extensions are intended to
protect communication, providing "better-than-nothing security"
(BTNS).  The extensions may be used on their own (this use is called
Stand-Alone BTNS, or SAB) or may be used to provide network-layer
security that can be authenticated by higher layers in the protocol
stack (this use is called Channel-Bound BTNS, or CBB).  The document
also explains situations for which use of SAB and/or CBB extensions
are applicable.  This memo provides information for the Internet community.
This document is a product of the Better-Than-Nothing Security Working Group of the IETF.
INFORMATIONAL: This memo provides information for the Internet community.
It does not specify an Internet standard of any kind. Distribution of
this memo is unlimited.
This announcement is sent to the IETF-Announce and rfc-dist lists.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, see
    For searching the RFC series, see For downloading RFCs, see Requests for special distribution should be addressed to either the
author of the RFC in question, or to rfc-editor at rfc-editor.org.  Unless
specifically noted otherwise on the RFC itself, all RFCs are for
unlimited distribution.
The RFC Editor Team
USC/Information Sciences Institute
btns mailing list
btns at ietf.org
