
@_date: 2009-06-03 21:27:59
@_author: Wikileaks Press Office 
@_subject: [WIKILEAKS] WikiLeaks wins Amnesty 2009 New Media Award 
WIKILEAKS PRESS RELEASE - For Immediate Release
   Wednesday June 3, 2009
   "WikiLeaks wins Amnesty International 2009 Media Award"
   WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange has won the Amnesty 2009 New
   Media Award for work exposing hundreds of recent extrajudicial
   assassinations in Kenya. The award was presented last night at
   a ceremony in London.
   Four people associated with investigating the killings have
   themselves been murdered, including noted human rights lawyers
   Oscar Kingara and John Paul Oulo, who were assassinated driving
   to an afternoon meeting at the Kenyan National Commission on
   Human Rights in March this year.
   WikiLeaks first ran its first story on the killings for a week
   on its fronpage, beginning November 1, 2008. Eventually the story
   was picked up by print media, starting with Jon Swain from the
   Sunday Times. Then, earlier this year the United Nations sent a team
   to Nairobi, lead by Prof. Alston, to investigate.
   According to AFP, earlier today a session of the U.N. Human
   Rights Council was told by the U.N Special Rapporteur on
   extrajudical killings, Prof. Philip Alston, that Kenya's police
   were a "major stumbling block" for probes into the killings.
   Prof. Alston also told that 47 member Human Rights Council on
   Wednesday that "Attacks on those who document abuses do not
   absolve a government of its obligation to investigate, prosecute
   and punish those responsible for extrajudicial executions,".
   In accepting the award, Mr. Assange stated "It is a reflection
   of the courage and strength of Kenyan civil society that this
   injustice was documented. Through the tremendous work of
   organizations such as the Oscar foundation, the KNHCR, Mars Group
   Kenya and others we had the primary support we needed to expose
   these murders to the world. I know that they will not rest, and
   we will not rest, until justice is done."
Source documents
     * Murder in Nairobi: Wikileaks related human rights lawyers assassinated
     * Kenya: The Cry of Blood - Report on Extra-Judicial Killings and
       Disappearances, Sep 2008
     * Kenyan assassinations: slain human rights lawyer Oscar Kamau Kingara
       letter to the International Criminal Court, 1 Jan 2009
     * Oscar Foundation - assassinated Kamau Kingara final report - The Veil
       of Impunity, 9 Oct 2008
     * Oscar Foundation letter to Minister for Internal Security over
       extra-judicial killings in Kenya, 14 Oct 2008
     * US Ambassador to Internal Security head over Kenyan assassination
Selected reportage
     * Cooperate with FBI, Raila tells Kenya police
     * Demonstrators accuse police over disappearance of kin
     * International Criminal Court will handle politicians but who will tame
       police
     * Raila now attacks security agencies
     * Two Kenyan rights activists shot dead
     * UN group to probe poll chaos deaths
     * UN probe indicts Kenya on police killings
     * UN urges probe into Kenya murders
