
@_date: 2001-01-22 04:05:45
@_author: Anymouse 
@_subject: Globalization Divide special videobridge (Davos and Porto Alegre) 
"THE GLOBALIZATION DIVIDE is a special videobridge, an interactive television
program linking Davos, Switzerland and Porto Alegre, Brazil, during the World
Economic and the World Social Forums (January 25-30, 2001). The two events,
planned in parallel, will be articulating two different visions of globalization
and its effects:/"
"The new century is starting in Porto Alegre. All kinds of people, each in their
own ways, have been contesting and critiquing neo-liberal globalisation, and
many of them will be gathering in this southern Brazilian city on 25-30 January
for the first World Social Forum (1). This time they won't just be protesting -
as they were in Seattle, Washington, Prague and elsewhere - against the
world-wide injustices, inequalities and disasters created by the excesses of
capitalism (see the article by Bernard Cassen). This time, in a positive and
constructive spirit, they will be working towards creating a practical and
theoretical framework for a new kind of globalisation. They are fired by a
belief in the possibility of a new world that is less inhumane, more inclined to
"For decades, these international financial institutions have been making
decisions that affect the lives of people all over the world, without being
subject to any sort of democratic control. People in Third World countries, as
well as the poor and excluded sectors of industrialized countries suffer the
devastating effects of economic globalization and the dictatorship of
international institutions such as the IMF, the World Bank, the WTO and the
governments that serve their interests.
We need to continue pressuring these institutions to be accountable to our
societies. Similarly, our governments must be made aware that this oversight
will be exercised with increasing intensity over their actions. Many of us have
struggled in our own countries, regions, or cities, thinking that we were
isolated. Recently, we have begun to realize that together we can constitute a
planetary archipelago of resistance. The World Social Forum represents a new
opportunity toward the construction of an international counter-power."
Time flies like an arrow.
Fruit flies like a banana.
I, myself, like Butterflies
flapping their wings.
