
@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: SteveBlack-webworker at grapemail.net 
@_subject: ScanDisk and Defrag aren't working. What do I do? 
I am having a problem running maintainence on my computer.  ScanDisk and Defrag seem to keep running over and over without any results. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling them, but that did not work.  I even uninstalled and reinstalled Windows 98 II.  Also, my clock kicks back an hour ever once in a while for no apparrent reason.  Has anyone else ever ran into these problems?  Any suggestions?
webworker at grapemail.net
Discover how easy an affordable it can be to get you small business on the internet.  Web site hosting only $9.99/month.  E-commerce and much much more. Visit  for more info.
Examine carefully - those with email addresses included WILL
trade links with you, you are encouraged to contact them. And,
there are many ways to build a successful business. Just look at
these successful sites/programs other members are involved in...
If you have a product, service, opportunity and/or quality
merchandise that appeals to people worldwide, reach your
target audience!
For a fraction of what other large newsletters charge you
can exhibit your website here for only $8 CPM. Why?...
Because as a valuable member we want you to be successful!
Order today - Exhibits are limited and published on a
first come, first serve basis. Visit these sites, look for what you like and any suggestions
you can offer, and send your critique to MyInput
And, after reviewing three sites, your web site will be added to
the list! It's fun, easy, and it's a great opportunity to give
some help and receive an informative review of your own site.
Plus, you can also win a chance to have y our site chosen for
a free website redesign. One randomly drawn winner each month!
SITES TO REVIEW:
Site   LauriGal47 at aol.com
Site  John Stitzel
oldstitz at yahoo.com
Site   stuart.reid at ntlworld.com
Site   Michael Blanchette
mfj at netway.com
Site   Len Seider
Lenseider at cs.com
Site   webmaster at alabastercove.com
SITE  REVIEWED!
Comments on Site  Tom Corbett
Tom.corbett at fuse.net
mlmanonymous had a lot of good information but it was
very overwhelming. The home page seemed to jump around
between the what's, the who's and answering questions. I
would recommend dividing this information - have a page
on why you recommend, overviews of the three products
on another page, faq's on another page.
The text on some of the pages was very tiny, and would
be easier to read in a san-sarif font such as arial.
I like the site name, but didn't see the fit between it and
health products. The feel of the site was on use these
products for your health, not to make money like so many
other biz-opp sites, so the name just seemed to conflict
with the message.
The site is clear enough but to tell the truth I got lost in the
text. I didn't understand most of it and got turned away. It
seems you're selling through various affiliate programs or home
businesses on Health Products (a lot of this around). There's
lots of info here but perhaps too much. A good summary on
the 1st page would do wonders.
I had to get out my dictionary for a couple of the words in
your first paragraph, and I have a college education. You're
going to be missing or turning off a lot of people with your
current wording.
On the other hand, if you would develop the "I had faced
some serious health challenges..." and tell people your
story more people would be drawn into your site.
The layout is fine, you're just covering too much on your
home page, and switching topics too often.
This site did not load fully in my screen but overlapped.
I'm not sure what makes sites do that, and very few do,
but it is a little bothersome as I have to scroll over to
see the rest of the page. It also had those annoying pop
up windows.
I like the products advertised and there is a lot of info on
them, so that's good.
The information on this site should be divided in to two
different websites.  The focus is divided between health
products and mlm programs, confusing the reader.
I would have liked to see more information about what
the mlm anon meetings and eschool are about.
posting:   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Send posts and questions (or your answers) to:
   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Please send suggestions and comments to:
   Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
To change your subscribed address, send both new
and old address to Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
See below for unsubscribe instructions.
Copyright 2001 AEOpublishing
----- End of Your Membership Exchange
This email was sent to cypherpunks at cyberpass.net, at your request, by Your Membership Newsletter Services.
