
@_date: 2001-07-25 21:12:13
@_author: Jerome Chapman 
@_subject: * Are You Too Busy Earning a Living to Make Any Money ? * 
Simple Techniques YOU Can Use To Build An
          Internet Marketing Empire With Your Home PC !
Dear cypherpunks at cyberpass.net,
Are you looking for a simple system that many online marketers (folks just like you) have used over the last several years to
earn hundreds of thousands of dollars from their home PCs? A system that can literally be put into action within minutes and start earning you an Auto Pilot Income for years to come? Are you tired of wading through massive amounts of information to find the Meat you really need to start earning real income on the net? If you are tired of the hype, and you want to start earning cold hard cash then you need to read E-EMPIRE immediately! E-EMPIRE will help you understand how Anyone can create entirely new businesses almost overnight and make them profitable immediately. (If you can get online & order this book, you have all the skills you need to succeed.) So Simple You Will Wonder why these self-promoting businesses are not being set up by everyone! Imagine creating your own multiple businesses that literally run themselves, 24 Hours a Day - while you work, sleep, or play. If you think that is a fantasy you will be surprised when you see just how it is being done by Folks Like You. It is very real and people who know how are doing it all around you right now! You can too - anyone can, as soon as they have a copy of E-Empire!  You will even learn where to get other people's products, if you don't want to create your own. Discover an easy way to use other peoples services to start your own instant E-businesses. You Can Have Your Own Internet Cash Generators Set Up Within One Day And Earning You Auto Pilot Income. Check It Out Now And Find The Powerfull Strategies You Will Discover in E-EMPIRE: Instant Access at :  Start Generating Steady, Passive, Recurring - Income Now! Have a successful day !
Jerome Chapman
 Should you, cypherpunks at cyberpass.net, have received this message by mistake, just hit 'Reply' and put 'REMOVE' in the subject line.

@_date: 2001-07-30 06:09:26
@_author: BulletProofMarketing 
@_subject: Tired of KILLING yourself promoting programs that pay just once ? 
Hi cypherpunks at toad.com,
Are you ready to hear the cold hard facts about internet marketing?
The TRUTH is sometimes hard to swallow and is in VERY short supply on the internet!
Now you can put this to an end and RETIRE in 6 months!
* Want to make $5,000/mo. within 60 days using proven    methods that work? NO BULL!
* Tired of KILLING yourself promoting programs that pay    just once?
* Want to make MORE and MORE while you do LESS and LESS?
* Want to live worry free while THOUSANDS of other people    build YOUR business?
* Want to send out 20,000 TARGETED up-to-date emails DAILY?
Click here when you're ready for some real money! Don't be left behind... ACT NOW!
Sincerely, Jerome Chapman
BulletProof Marketing
Direct Consulting for the home-biz entrepreneurial type.
