
@_date: 2006-06-08 17:11:25
@_author: Kris Terrell 
@_subject: this going to expolad 
For Immediate Release
ALERT ISSUED - Watch F C Y I.PK Tr at de Today!
F a l c o n  E n e r g y, Inc.
Last $ 1.25
Market Plus Top Four P1ck
Yesterday change of price was 105% !
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, June 05, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) --
As part of the commitment of Falcon Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep
investors informed of its status and activities, the company is providing this
investor update.
Gas production continues steadily from Falcon Energy's Richmount
Westlock property
in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and
investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since
the well was
first tied in May of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that time
was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed
over 10.00 per
MMBTU for a 5 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range.
The company
is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue
for the company
and its shareholders.
F a l c o n   E n e r g y  Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed
addition of its mining
exploration properties in Mongolia, that it will shortly be expanding
the executive team
to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, May 17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- F a l c o n   E n e r g y , Inc.
is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for
five mining properties
in Mongolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a
minimum of three years and
grant F a l c o n  E n e r g y, Inc. access to the mineral rights for the
licensed properties.
F a l c o n   E n e r g y , Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these
significant properties
in the mineral rich region of Mongolia. F a l c o n   E n e r g y's interest in
the region is driven in
part by the anticipation of deploying modern prospecting methods to an
area that abounds in
both base and precious metals.
The five licensed areas are:
8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
9997X - The Huld License Area
9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
9668X - Hutagt License Area
Exploitable mineral resources found in the area in which the licenses
are held include:
Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as
Fluorite and Uranium.
bocklogged dobson archibald dickey collectible appalachia birdlike amateurish crucial comma astral australite camino crumb bite burton celibacy bertram brigantine atheism bumble combustible
