
@_date: 1992-12-18 01:08:33
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: holiday travel:  sign some keys! 
With the holidays coming up, and many of us traveling to see friends
and relatives, we all have a great chance to sign keys of people who
aren't in our normal circle of contact.  In our web of trust, we need
as many long strands as we can get.
I recommend that all of you write down your MD5 hashes, and, if you
are willing, post your general itinerary if you are traveling so
people can get in touch with you, and your key signing policy.  It
only takes a five minute meeting (unless there's good chinese food
conveniently nearby :-) to exchange hashes, then you can email your
keyring once you get back home.  I'll start.
I'll be visiting friends in the Alexandria, VA area saturday and
sunday (12/19-12/20), but I won't be reachable via phone easily so if
you'll be in that area during that time, email me before noon saturday
with contact information.  From sunday 12/20 to wednesday 12/23 (I may
stay later), I'll be in northern New Jersey (Wayne, to be exact) at my
parents' house, phone 201-694-3152.
I only sign keys I can verify out-of-band, either in person or by
phone with someone I know.  So far, all the keys I've signed are
people I've known for awhile and see often, so it was easy.  I guess
I'll make up a new rule: show me a driver's license and another piece
of ID (sort of like what you need to cash a check), and I'll trust
that you're you.  The harder to fake the better; I suppose passports
rank high on that list.
Maybe I'm crazy for posting all this info saying when I'm going to be
out of town, but I think it's worth it in the interest of getting some
more connections established (and I've been accused of being crazy
many times before, anyway).

@_date: 1992-11-30 21:13:48
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Chaum's DigiCash 
Does anybody have any contact information for David Chaum or DigiCash?
I think it's worthwhile to find out if any of the problems we've been
discussing have been previously solved.  It's possible that our
experiment could increase visibility of digital cash to the point that
a real commercial venture could work, in which case he may even be
interested in helping us.
Email me personally, I'll summarize.

@_date: 1993-04-03 18:07:59
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: MEET: I'm going West! (Bay Area) 
I'm going to be at a meeting at the Westin hotel in Milbrae, CA.  I'm
taking an early-morning (ugh) flight out on Tuesday, and I'm
red-eye'ing back Friday night/Saturday morning (to be back for the
Boston Area Cypherpunks meeting :-) I should be free in the evenings,
namely, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday nights.
I'd be interested in getting together with people to exchange
signatures, talk about stuff, eat dinner, or whatever.  I can be
reached by email at , which I should be reading
remotely, or you can leave a message for me at the hotel at

@_date: 1993-04-17 18:52:23
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: repost from sci.crypt 
I just posted this to sci.crypt.  You conspiracy theorists out there
are probably going to start getting ulcers soon.
Newsgroups: sci.crypt
Organization: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Lines: 38
Distribution: world
NNTP-Posting-Host: oliver.mit.edu
The message from the NIST about the clipper chip comes from the
following address:
Just who is that, I asked myself, or rather, I asked the computer.
    % telnet csrc.ncsl.nist.gov 25
    Trying...
    Connected to csrc.ncsl.nist.gov.
    Escape character is '^]'.
    220 first.org sendmail 4.1/NIST ready at Sat, 17 Apr 93 20:42:56 EDT
    expn clipper
    250-
    250-
    250-
    250-
    250-
    250-
    250-
    250-
    250-
    250-
    250-
    250     quit
    221 first.org closing connection
    Connection closed.
Well, isn't that interesting.  Dorothy Denning, Mitch Kapor, Marc
Rotenberg, Ron Rivest, Jim Bidzos, and others.  The Government, RSA,
TIS, CPSR, and the EFF are all represented.  I don't suppose anybody
within any of these organizations would care to comment?  Or is this
just the White House's idea of a cruel joke on these peoples' inboxes?
Marc Horowitz N1NZU 				617-253-7788

@_date: 1993-08-11 20:38:06
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: ANONYMOUS CONTACT SERVICE 
This has happened before.  Last time, it was because a penet address
had found its way onto the cypherpunks list.
Again, I'd like to find out who it is, have them removed, and have my
new penet id cancelled.  After all, this person now has email from me,
with my penet id on it, with my name signed at the bottom.  If I
decide to use the penet remailer in the future, I don't want this
person to have a binding between my penet id and my real name.

@_date: 1993-08-12 19:38:17
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: ANONYMOUS CONTACT SERVICE 
I *never* had a penet account.  I sent mail to cypherpunks, and I was
magically allocated an ID.  When was I supposed to set my password?
BTW, this has happened for both accounts I use regularly, immediately
after I sent mail to the lists from those accounts.  The two
occurrences were days apart.
I think the only solution for this problem is to make id allocation
*not* be automatic.  I should have to explicitly request an id to send
through the remailer.

@_date: 1993-08-17 19:15:28
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: encrypted anonymous traffic 
I have to disagree with Lance here.
I know people who would probably rather receive an explosive in the
mail than receive email from certain individuals, or about certain
subjects.  Physical damage can be easier to heal.  Your requirements
are not everyone's.
Although I believe myself that encryption and anonymity go
hand-in-hand, I can understand that some members of the community Mr.
Wells serves might not quite agree with me.  As long as he makes the
fact that he audits posts absolutely clear, beforehand, to his users,
I have no problem with what he does.  I am free to find a remailer
operator with less restrictive policies, and will do so.  Cypherpunks have been talking about a free market where users choose
the anonymity services they like best.  I see no reason to berate Mr.
Wells about his policies.  Make sure he discloses his policies, and
let the users vote with their packets.  Enforcing a standard, any
standard, is a Very Bad Thing.

@_date: 1993-08-25 21:32:18
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Visa, HNC Inc. develop neural network as a weapon to fight fraud 
This topic came up in a side conversation at the Internet Mercantile
Protocols BOF at the last IETF.
We asked ourselves why credit card companies, banks, supermarkets,
etc. were so keen on selling information about us.  Not surprisingly,
it came down to money.  The AmEx example is a great one.  By noticing
patterns in my purchasing, they can try to notice a stolen card via a
change in purchasing patterns.  In the long run, this reduces my costs
as an AmEx cardholder (or increases their profits).  If I told them
not to keep my spending patterns, they might not notice if my card was
stolen and used.  The law says my personal liability is limited, but
AmEx has to cover its costs somehow, through their commission or
yearly fee or whatever.  Same goes for the supermarket reselling my
buying patterns.  If they can sell information about me, my groceries
are cheaper (or they make money).  Selling personal information is a
competitive advantage.  For most people, this is more important than
People here have advocated setting up a Privacy Credit Union.  I think
this would be a great idea, but I think that its costs would be higher
than its competitors.  When it comes right down to it, privacy costs
money.  And, as antithetical as this may seem to us, many people will
opt for more money in their pocket than more privacy.  Cypherpunks
will bank at Privacy Trust, use their Privacy Visa card, and make
transactions via anonymous digital cash whenever they can.  But other
people, maybe even most people, will choose the higher interest rate
or the cheaper credit card.
We can create technologies, and maybe even infrastructure.  But we
can't make people use it.
My rant for the day :-)

@_date: 1993-08-30 23:33:56
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Commercial PGP: Verifying Trustworthiness 
I've let a lot of stupid comments go by, but I have to respond to this
It is true that Dennis Ritchie (I believe, if not him, one of the
other original UNIX authors) proposed such a login/compiler virus.
But it wasn't in any early version of UNIX.

@_date: 1993-02-06 22:06:54
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Compressed/Encrypted Voice using Modems 
Not True.
The proposed legislation states:
    branch exchange operators shall provide within the United States     capability and capacity for the government to intercept wire and     electronic communications when authorized by law:  This law does not prevent *users* from providing *end-to-end*
This does not mean that they might not try to remove this right in the
future, but they haven't gone that far yet.

@_date: 1993-02-10 22:29:36
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Tagging copyrighted text 
They don't just cancel your subscription.  They sue your butt into
next week.  You can make it harder for them to find you, but if you're
eating into their profits, they will, and the more effort you've made
them go through, the madder they'll be, and the harder their lawyers
will bite.
There's no way to "tag" a document in such a way that the tag cannot
be removed.  At worst, I read the document out loud, and have my
partner rekey it, while rewriting it slightly.  Unless it's something
like poetry which you can't just rewrite, this will pretty much
sanitize the data against any kind of keying.
The fact is, people copy music and software now.  It Happens, and as
much as they wish it didn't, it does.  And when things become more
electronic, it will still happen.  My guess is that unless such
duplication becomes institutionalized, it's not worth the effort to do
anything about it.  And if you start buying things, copying them, and
giving or selling them to lots of other people in an organized way,
the real owners will find you.

@_date: 1993-02-24 19:52:26
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Internet is Not the Long Term Solution 
Agreed.  The Internet, in it's current form, is not going to be the
information center of the future.
This is where I disagree strongly.  We are entering a time when the
commercial advantages of internetworking are strong enough to cause
the formation of a real, commercially built, non-government-controlled
internet (small "i").  This network will be devoid of any AUP beyond
simple legality, and will operate much like a common carrier:  They
won't care what you put on the wire unless someone brings it to their
I highly doubt that FIDONET is the model of the future.  People are
moving toward increased connectivity and real-time services, not the
slow, store-and-forward model of FIDO and UUCP.  The example of
encrypted, untraceable real-time video requires internet technologies.
Mail forwarding just doesn't cut it.
My major problem with this is that I'd rather not have to stamp each
piece.  I'd like to see a remailer sell me an unlimited-use ticket for
a month, say.  But this is what the free market is for.  I'm sure
someone will see their way to offering the service I want to buy.

@_date: 1993-02-25 21:36:58
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: No Subject 
I've heard this argument before.  The NSA has a whole lot of people
doing crypto, but (again, with no proof) I can't imagine that they
have whole armies of people dedicated to breaking DES.  The fact is,
there are a lot of very good cryptomathemeticians in academia, who do
publish their results.  Shamir is an excellent example of this.  The
fact is, the best known attack requires 2^37 *chosen* plaintexts, more
if the plaintexts must be ASCII.
I also believe that nobody's security is perfect, and that if
something as big as DES was broken, even at the NSA, we would have
heard about it.  If the world banking industry trusts DES for their
trillions of dollars a day, I'm willing to trust it for my little,
insignificant messages.

@_date: 1993-02-26 22:17:19
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Biham and Shamir on cracking DES 
This is, I believe, the state of the art in published techniques to
break DES.  Note that this attack is basically useless against
one-time or short-lived keys, since there's no chance to make repeated
chosen plaintext attacks against the key.
Short form:  If you can get me to encrypt 2**37 plaintexts *of* *your*
*choice* against my key, you can crack it.
This info is forwarded from a friend.
Eli Biham and Adi Shamir, "Differential Cryptanalysis of the full
16-round DES," December 19, 1991.  The paper was announced in Dec. '91 on the net, and paper copies
circulated from people who had gotten copies directly from Biham &
Shamir.  The paper was submitted to Crypto '92 and presented there on
August 20, 1992.  The Crypto '92 proceedings will be published by
Springer-Verlag at some point, so you could also reference it this
{\sl E.~Biham and A.~Shamir}, Differential Cryptanalysis of the full
16-round DES, {\sl Advances in Cryptology: Proceedings of Crypto '92},
E.~Brickell, ed., {\sl Lecture Notes in Computer Science},
Springer-Verlag, New York, to appear.
Biham is at Technion - Israel Inst. of Tech.
Shamir is at Weizmann Inst. of Science.
I don't know of an FTP site where the paper is available.

@_date: 1993-02-27 20:39:53
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: more ideas on anonymity 
Thug, you didn't seem to get Eric's point.  When I walk up to the
newspaper guy on the corner, I hand him 35 cents, he hands me a paper.
We're both happy.  My name is irrelevant, because there's not a hell
of a lot either of us can do to screw the other one over, so he
doesn't need to know my name.  I don't need to know his.
With certain exceptions, like the mailbox example, most situations of
"rent foo" require the lessor to take a risk, and he wants *some*
assurance that he'll get his rented thing back.  I'm not going to rent
a car to someone without ID, for cash, because I have no guarantee
that he isn't going to drive away with it and never come back.
I'm not saying discrimination against cash doesn't exist.  It does,
and that's reprehensible.  But not all cases of "plastic, yes, cash,
no" are discriminatory.
This is a very good question.

@_date: 1993-01-19 21:29:07
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Who Me? Paranoid? Naaaah... 
You are completely off the mark.  Much of the Internet is privately
owned and controlled, and most of what is government controlled
(including the backbone) is controlled by the NSF, not DARPA.  What is
military controlled is essentially an island.  None of our packets
traverse that part of the net.  (Of course, the NSA could still be
watching our packets, and there is much speculation that they actively
do so on international links.  But the domestic links are not owned by
the DoD directly.)
And what parallel universe would you use.  The Telcos?  The FBI
wiretap proposal should show you how good an idea that is.  Unless you
want to run your own physically secure wire (intractable), you need
encryption, so you might as well use the Internet.  Even if it is
NSA-controlled, which I doubt.

@_date: 1993-01-23 22:58:53
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: PGP on BBS 
What you are all talking about here is a solved problem.  Many such
network protocols exist.  SLIP is probably the best example.  If you
use SLIP to connect to the BBS instead of a dumb terminal connection,
you get a real network link which supports multiple connections to
multiple destinations.  And free SLIP implementations exist.  The
author of one of the most popular is on this list, in fact.
Of course, this requires that your "terminal" be somewhat intelligent,
but even a lowly 8088 PC running DOS can run SLIP.
If you do this, all you need is a BBS which supports network services,
instead of the current menu-based sort of systems we have now.  If you
want to encrypt, you do so locally.  In fact, you'd probably do almost
everything locally.

@_date: 1993-07-05 13:33:37
@_author: marc at Athena.MIT.EDU 
@_subject: [daemon@ATHENA.MIT.EDU : On-Line Congressional Hearing] 
[6484]  daemon at ATHENA.MIT.EDU (hearing-info at trystero.malamud.com) Commercialization & Privatization of the Internet 07/05/93 14:27 (70 lines)
Reply-To: hearing-info at trystero.malamud.com
Station: Internet Multicasting Service
Channel: Internet Town Hall
Program: On-Line Congressional Hearing
Release: July 5, 1993 Content: First Announcement/On-Line Congressional Hearing
     On July 26 at 9:30AM EDT, the Subcommittee on Telecommunications
and Finance of the U.S. House of Representatives will hold the first
Congressional Hearing ever held over a computer network.  The oversight
hearing on "The Role of Government in Cyberspace" will take place in the Grand Ballroom of the National Press Club at 14th and F Streets, N.W., Washington, D.C.  The hearing is open to the public. An open house will be held from 3-5PM on the same day in the same location and is also open to the public.
     Chairman Markey has asked that this historic occasion demonstrate
the potential and diversity of the global Internet.  Thirty Sparcstations will be in the hearing room, allowing members of Congress, staff, and their guests to read e-mail, use Gopher menus, read testimony in WAIS databases, browse the World Wide Web, and otherwise use the resources of the global Internet as part of the hearing.       Some witnesses for the hearing will testify remotely, sending audio and video over the Internet.  Audio and video of the hearing will also be multicast over the Multicast Backbone (MBONE).  We are hoping that C-SPAN and other traditional media will also carry the event.  *MORE DETAILS ON MBONE AND OTHER WAYS TO WATCH THE HEARINGS REMOTELY WILL BE FORTHCOMING SHORTLY.*
     One of the primary points that we are hoping to demonstrate is
the diversity and size of the Internet.  We have therefore established
an electronic mail address by which people on the Internet can communicate with the Subcommittee before and during the hearing:
          congress at town.hall.org
     We encourage you to send your comments on what the role of government
should be in the information age to this address.  Your comments to this
address will be made part of the public record of the hearing.  Feel free
to carry on a dialogue with others on a mailing list, cc'ing the e-mail
address.       Your cards and letters to congress at town.hall.org will help
demonstrate that there are people who use the Internet as part of their
personal and professional lives.  We encourage you to send comments on
the role of government in cyberspace, on what role cyberspace should play
in government (e.g., whether government data be made available on the
Internet), on how the Internet should be built and financed, on how you use the Internet, and on any other topic you feel is appropriate.  This is your chance to show the U.S. Congress that there is a constituency that cares about this global infrastructure.
     If you would like to communicate with a human being about the
hearing, you may send your comments and questions to:
          hearing-info at town.hall.org
     Support for the Internet Town Hall is provided by Sun Microsystems
and O'Reilly & Associates.  Additional support for the July 26 on-line congressional hearing is being provided by ARPA, BBN Communications, the National Press Club, Xerox PARC, and many other organizations.
     Network connectivity for the Internet Town Hall is provided by UUNET Technologies.
------- End forwarded transaction

@_date: 1993-06-01 17:35:31
@_author: marc at Athena.MIT.EDU 
@_subject: [daemon@ATHENA.MIT.EDU : FYI: White House EMail] 
[5834]  daemon at ATHENA.MIT.EDU (Dave Farber) Commercialization & Privatization of the Internet 06/01/93 20:26 (90 lines)
             THE WHITE HOUSE
              Office of Presidential Correspondence
For Immediate Release                             June 1, 1993            LETTER FROM THE PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESIDENT
      IN ANNOUNCEMENT OF WHITE HOUSE ELECTRONIC MAIL ACCESS
     Dear Friends:
     Part of our commitment to change is to keep the White House in step with today's changing technology.  As we move ahead into the twenty-first century, we must have a government that can show the way and lead by example.  Today, we are pleased to announce that for the first time in history, the White House will be connected to you via electronic mail.  Electronic mail will bring the Presidency and this Administration closer and make it more accessible to the people.       The White House will be connected to the Internet as well as several on-line commercial vendors, thus making us more accessible and more in touch with people across this country.  We will not be alone in this venture.  Congress is also getting involved, and an exciting announcement regarding electronic mail is expected to come from the House of Representatives tomorrow.
     Various government agencies also will be taking part in the near future.  Americans Communicating Electronically is a project developed by several government agencies to coordinate and improve access to the nation's educational and information assets and resources.  This will be done through interactive communications such as electronic mail, and brought to people who do not have ready access to a computer.
     However, we must be realistic about the limitations and expectations of the White House electronic mail system.  This experiment is the first-ever e-mail project done on such a large scale.  As we work to reinvent government and streamline our processes, the e-mail project can help to put us on the leading edge of progress.       Initially, your e-mail message will be read and receipt immediately acknowledged.  A careful count will be taken on the number received as well as the subject of each message.  However, the White House is not yet capable of sending back a tailored response via electronic mail.  We are hoping this will happen by the end of the year.
     A number of response-based programs which allow technology to help us read your message more effectively, and, eventually respond to you electronically in a timely fashion will be tried out as well.  These programs will change periodically as we experiment with the best way to handle electronic mail from the public.  Since this has never been tried before, it is important to allow for some flexibility in the system in these first stages.  We welcome your suggestions.
     This is an historic moment in the White House and we look forward to your participation and enthusiasm for this milestone event.  We eagerly anticipate the day when electronic mail from the public is an integral and normal part of the White House communications system.
          President Clinton        Vice President Gore
     PRESIDENT at WHITEHOUSE.GOV      VICE.PRESIDENT at WHITEHOUSE.GOV
                               ------- End of Forwarded Message
------ End of Forwarded Message
------- End forwarded transaction

@_date: 1993-05-30 15:04:41
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: [daemon@ATHENA.MIT.EDU : National Security Telecommunications  5.27.93] 
Subject: National Security Telecommunications  5.27.93
  Errors-To: Mail-Server at campaign92.org
  Reply-To: Clinton-Info at campaign92.org
  Date: Fri, 28 May 1993 09:59-0400
  From: The White House <75300.3115 at compuserve.com>
  To: Clinton-News-Distribution at campaign92.org
           E X E C U T I V E   O F F I C E   O F   T H E   P R E S I D E N T
                               27-May-1993 07:03pm             TO:        Jeffrey L. Eller                              TO:        Jonathan P. Gill                              FROM:      David Seldin
                      Office of the Press Secretary
           SUBJECT:   NATIONAL SECURITY TELECOMMUNICATIONS ADVISORY COMMISSION
                           THE WHITE HOUSE
                    Office of the Press Secretary
  For Immediate Release                             May 26, 1993
         PRESIDENT APPOINTS AUGUSTINE TO CHAIR ADVISORY PANEL
  (Washington, DC)    The President announced today that he has   appointed Norman R. Augustine as Chair and William T. Esrey as   Vice Chair of the President's National Security   Telecommunications Advisory Committee (NSTAC).  Augustine is   Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Martin Marietta   Corporation and has previously served as Vice Chair of NSTAC.    Esry is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Sprint   Corporation.
       Also named to the NSTAC today were Joseph T. Gorman, the   Chairman and CEO of TRW Inc., and Albert F. Zettlemoyer, the   President of Paramax Systems Corporation and a Senior Vice   President of Unisys Corporation.
       The President's National Security Telecommunications   Advisory Committee is a Federal Advisory Committee designed to   provide information and advice to the President regarding   telecommunications planning.  It is composed of up to 30   telecommunications industry executives.
                                # # #
  --[0113]--
  ------- End forwarded transaction
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-09-07 16:52:41
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Remailing 
It's fine, if you don't mind making traffic analysis completely

@_date: 1993-09-07 20:56:47
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Remailing 
That is not currently the case.
And even if it were, sending messages to yourself is going to add a
significant "known quantity" to the remailer traffic.  The more an
attacker knows, the less he needs to figure out.
