
@_date: 1992-12-18 14:53:18
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: The Need for Positive Repuations 
Go read Ender's Game.  They had a seriously electronic society.  There
were public message boards, and positive-reputation-based boards.
Basically, if you demonstrated a clue on the public boards, then
someone already reputable could recommend you for "membership" in the
reputation-based boards.  One of the characters did so anonymously.
She even got paid for writing editorials, etc.  Anybody could watch
the proceeedings of the reputeable boards.  In time, she was competing
in debates with major politicians, et. al.  Sci-fi?  or Reality?  I
believe we could move from the former to the latter.  (And I just
avoided any sort of spoiler about the plot ;-)
Imagine a system where spaf distributed the public key of the
moderator(s) of a moderated newgroup.  News servers would make sure
that the message was signed by the moderator, or that the poster
included some sort of certificate, signed by the moderator, indicating
that he could post without having to go through the moderator first.
Expirations and/or revocation lists would be needed to do things
right, but these are problems with fairly good solutions.

@_date: 1992-12-23 13:36:28
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Stripping signatures (was Re: Remailers) 
I think that signatures should be kept.  If you really want to be
anonymous, you have bigger things to worry about than your sig showing
up or not.
And if I want to build a pseudonymous identity for myself, I might
want to have a sig for that identity.  I wouldn't want the remailers
stripping that out.
Perhaps it would make sense to have a header field which indicated if
the sig should be kept or not.

@_date: 1992-11-29 13:27:17
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: crypto dongle design problems 
A few comments on "Detailed Scenario of Dongle Usage":
As several people have pointed out, terminals are passe'.  In general,
my mail never goes over a serial line.  Here at MIT, most people have
unix machines on their desks.  Mail is composed on the unix machine,
sent via ethernet to the mail hub, and received via POP or NFS from
the mailhub.  To make life worse, often, the machines are in public
clusters where anyone can log in.  And, (sit down here), the root
password for these public machines is well known.  (The servers' root
passwords are a closely guarded secret.)  So, for me, the
crypto-dongle is almost completely useless. Except IP.  One of my machine at work runs SLIP over its serial port.
What am I supposed to do now?
Someone else mentioned this, but I didn't understand your response.  I
read mail in emacs, a full-screen editor.  it displays the first
screenfull, and I hit space to scroll down.  Does the dongle recognize
emacs and hit space, or what?
So, I'm trusting the local equipment with my private message.  Even if
I'm only "typing directly to the serial port", how do I know if my
friend's borrowed laptop has been (maybe unknowingly) modified to
store the data?
Similar problems arise with all the other sample applications you
More personal comments:
I've had several years of experience designing large-scale systems
incorporating security features.  One of the most valuable lessons
learned is that security and privacy must be designed into a system
from the beginning, not added later.  Ease of use comes from design,
not hacks, which inevitably fail.
My view of a useful crypto-dongle is more like Phil's.  A device with
one serial port, which stores my private keyring.  It has functions to
list the keys it has (names and hashes, not keys), to decrypt a
message (while displaying some external indication of having done so),
and to sign a message (again, with display).  Programs would have to
be modified to use the dongle to do the appropriate very sensitive
crypto stuff, and I can do the DES or other work on my desktop
machine.  I forsee the dongle being made of a well-known CPU or MCU
(easily verifiable), an EPROM (software), a static RAM (long-term,
encrypted storage of keys), a DRAM (short-term cleartext storage and
buffering), a UART, an input keypad of some sort, a small (say 1x20
LCD display for simple output, and perhaps a special chip for the
math.  Sources to the EPROM would be available, of course.  Paranoid
people could burn their own chip (assuming they trusted the programmer
:-).  Yeah, this isn't much use on a dumb terminal, but dumb terminals
aren't of much use nowadays, anyway.

@_date: 1992-11-29 13:43:41
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: No Subject 
Very good reasons.
"Here is my plan to kill President Foo: ...."
Just because you and your hired gun are anonymous, you don't want
anyone, especially the government, to read your message.  It could
throw a wrench into your plans.

@_date: 1992-11-29 14:08:03
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: thoughts on digital cash 
I've thought a bit about digital cash since the thread started here,
and I have a bunch of thoughts.  I hope I'll be coherent.
** For production use, you want a real, live bank or other entity to
issue the "money".  Assuming the digital cash is backed by gold, or
securities, or something else tangible, you don't want the bank to go
away with all your money.  Or, if you read in the newspaper "Feds
seize First National Bank", you want to know if they've just seized
*your* bank, and therefore will be able to watch your deposits and
withdrawals.  If you don't know who your bank really is, you won't
** All of the above applies to your escrow agent (who may be your
bank) for similar reasons.  Public key systems provide
non-repudiability, but knowing provably that a pseudonym just stole
money or goods from you doesn't help you get it back.  Sure, it
tarnishes their reputation, but if they steal a whole lot of money all
at once, they won't care.
** Anonymity in banking is a well-known concept.  If I transfer money
from my numbered swiss bank account to your numbered swiss bank
account, nobody knows anything, except who the bank is.  And I don't
see Switzerland giving up their enviable position in the international
banking community willingly.  All we need to do is convince a swiss
bank to do some digital cash banking.  Easier said than done.
** Legality of starting our own anonymous electronic bank: what do the
laws say, anyway?  As long as I pay taxes on any profit, I can form a
sole proprietorship to freely buy and sell purple widgets with very
little government interaction.  Would it still be legal if I got a
whole lot of people to accept purple widgets instead of cash?  Would
it be legal if we called it "digital purple widgets" instead of
"digital cash"?
I'd really like to see some sort of digital cash system set up.  My
feeling is that there would be a stronger demand than most people
think for such a thing, even if it weren't anonymous and untraceable
and all that.  But if it has those features, too, and we do it first,
it will get used.  And de facto standards are hard to get rid of.

@_date: 1992-11-29 15:25:14
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: unsubscribe messages 
If you don't want to be on this list, that's fine.
BUT PLEASE STOP CLUTTERING MY INBOX WITH THE UNSUBSCRIBE REQUESTS!!! I
AND MOST OF THE OTHER RECIPIENTS OF THIS LIST CANNOT DO ANYTHING ABOUT
There is a convention on the Internet that if there is a list called
foo at bar.domain, the maintainers of this list will be on a much smaller
list called foo-request at bar.domain.  Send requests there to get added
or removed, not to the whole list.  If you get a bounce, then, and
ONLY THEN, should you send to the whole list.
So, if you want to get off the list, send mail to
cypherpunks-request at toad.com.  It's not hard.  And it will keep large
numbers of people from wanting to kill you.
Flame off.

@_date: 1993-02-19 16:57:56
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: LIST RULES 
It is conventional to avoid blatant commercial traffic on the Internet
and the USENET.  Part of this is because of the Acceptable Use
Policies which exist on parts of the net.  But a lot of it is that
people generally don't want to see random advertisements.  I throw
them away when the come in the paper mail; I don't want them in my
email, either.
The exceptions are lists where advertising is explicitly permitted,
and lists whose purpose is advertisements.  Many vendors maintain
lists to which they send pricing information, new product
announcements, etc.  This is fine, because I can ignore those lists
without missing anything I might really be interested.
If someone were involved with, say, selling licenses to use PGP
legally, or an electronic bank or escrow service, I think that might
be OK, since it is of *direct* interest to this list.  But even that
is a shady area.
If I want commercials, I subscribe to one of the appropriate lists.
You wouldn't want me discussing cooking techniques or airline travel
on cypherpunks , because it's not appropriate, and there are separate
forums for those topics.  Think of advertising the same way, and it
appears not like censorship, which it isn't, but simply staying on the
topic, which it is.

@_date: 1993-02-24 11:42:15
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: a project for those who like it 
A system such as this already exists at MIT.  It's called zephyr.
Currently, it uses kerberos (private-key) for authentication, and uses
cleartext, but the system just pushes around bits.  There's no reason
a message couldn't be a public key encrypted message.  ACLs already
exist (based on the kerberos authentication), but the system is
capable of supporting well over a thousand simultaneous clients, so
they might not be necessary.  The protocol is based on UDP, and is
well-documented.  Unix and macintosh clients exist; there are PC
clients in development.
If people want more information (up to and including the technical
papers), look on athena-dist.mit.edu (it's a mail server, too).  Or,
I'll be happy to discuss it on the list.

@_date: 1993-02-26 11:28:46
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: more ideas on anonymity 
All of Hal's quesions are excellent, but I'm afraid he's asking the
wrong people.  The people we should be asking are people like Rick
Adams and Bill Schraeder, since utimately, it is people like them who
decide whether or not to sell their service to any given site in the
face of unpopular activites.  If any of you actually buy network
service from these guys, drop them a note and ask!

@_date: 1993-02-28 21:15:28
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: more ideas on anonymity 
This is different than anonymous remailers currently.  Why?  Because
pay phones and letters *cost* *money*.
So, I have a proposal.  Have someone *sell* signed keys, for real
money.  The only purpose of the signature is so that someone can
verify that it's been paid for.  It can be bought out of band.  For
example, I can email the signing agent my public key, and paper-mail a
money order with no return address.  Maybe in the future, we can just
use digital money.  When he gets my money, he signs my key and sends
it back to me, possibly via some remailer or whatever.
Now, when I send a message via a remailer, the mailer checks to see if
the message has been signed by a key which has been signed by the key
signing agent.  If it has been, then it forwards the mail.  If not, it
Now, here's the trick.  If too many people complain about a particular
sender (see below), the key gets revoked by the signing service.  This
means flooding newsgroups, slander, etc., *costs* *real* *money*.
This is a big encouragement not to abuse the net, because it costs
money.  Perhaps we even have different levels of signing, based on
costs.  Pay $1, and the remailers will let you send to alt groups
only.  Pay $10, and you can send to alt, soc, misc, talk, and some set
of high-traffic, low-signal lists. Pay $100, and you can post
anywhere, including individuals.  These are all example numbers, of
 - People can easily remain pseudonymous.
 - There is a monetary incentive not to be a bonehead.
 - Revocation is possible.  There's no punishing wrongdoers, but
people aren't likely to put much credence behind anonymous claims.
 - This works like the Real World.  People with enough money can
create false identites for themselves, anyway.
 - Remailer owners can choose which signing agents to trust.  Other
than monetary schemes might be able to be set up.  For instance, if
you can get five real, trustable people to vouch for your pseudonym,
you win.  If you screw up, their reputations become tarnished, as
I guess all this is is a positive reputation scheme, bootstrapped by
money, which is more important to some people than reputation, anyway.
I mean, someone willing to go through the bother of spending $10 to
get his key signed is either very bored, or has to have something to
Now, back to complaints.  What constitutes a complaint?  Each
certifier would probably have to decide this on their own.  Some might
choose never to revoke a signature.  Some might do it only after some
number of complaints.  Some might come up with systems of arbitration,
with judges, voting, and everything.  The remailers can vote with
their feet: whichever signing agents match the policies they like,
they trust.  And recipients (like newsgroups, mailing lists, or even
individuals) can choose to accept messages only from remailers they
So, we have a fairly complex system with multiple degrees of freedom,
where endusers can pick and choose from among the policies they like
best.  This is sort of like credit card purchases.  Hertz is willing
to rent me a car based on Visa's evaluation of my creditworthyness.
Similarly, large-public-mailing-list at site.domain can decide to accept
messages from a given remailer, based on their published policies.
Actually dealing with signatures isn't their problem.  It's to the
signing agent's advantage to be trustworthy, or else nobody will pay
attention to his signatures, and nobody will give him money to sign
their keys.  Poof, a free market.
It isn't simple, but I think one thing we can all agree on is that no
solution to these problems we are facing will be both adequate and

@_date: 1993-01-14 15:49:51
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: anonymous service shutdown (pax) 
There's one very obvious thing, but it costs money (the real kind, not
the stuff we've been playing with).  Someone needs to *buy* a
connection to the *commercial* internet and put an anonymous remailer
where the NSF can't touch it.
NEARnet recently signed an agreement with ANS and CIX to use ANS as a
pipe between it and the CIX (note the lack of *any* government
involvement here).  If I understand this development correctly, this
means a site on NEARnet with the Commercial Routing Service (it costs
extra, numbers on request) can, I think, send packets anywhere without
crossing the NSFnet.  ANS simply leases bandwidth to the NSF.  Most
backbone bits cross this leased bandwidth, but now, it is possible to
buy access to this *privately* owned network.  Now, who has $16k
annually (that's the number, I have a quote on my desk) to sink into
the connection?  Are we serious enough about this to form some sort of
corporation (with legal ties that bind, and identify) to maybe set
this up?  There's enough people on this list to make this sort of
thing cost < $10/month each if *everyone* participated.
Of course, if we did this, we'd have to make it quite clear what we
were planning on doing.  Use of PGP makes this hard.  A company set up
for the purpose of making PGP easier to use would arouse the Wrath of
RSA really quickly.  FYI, the NEARnet AUP:
NEARnet Primary Goals
NEARnet, the New England Academic and Research Network, has been
established to enhance educational and research activities in New
England, and to promode access to regional and national innovation and
competitiveness.  NEARnet provides access to regional and national
resources to its Members, and access to regional resources from
organizations throughout the United States and the world.
NEARnet Acceptable Use Policy
1. All use of NEARnet must be consistent with NEARnet's primary goals.
2. It is not acceptable to use NEARnet for illegal purposes.
3. It is not acceptable to use NEARnet to transmit threatening,
obscene, or harassing materials.
4. It is not acceptable to use NEARnet so as to interfere with or
disrupt network users, services or equipment.  Disruptions include,
but are not limited to, distribution of unsolicited advertizing,
propagation of computer worms and viruses, and using the network to
make unauthorized entry to any other machine accessible via the
5. It is assumed that information and resources accessible via NEARnet
are private to the individuals and organizations which own or hold
rights to those resources and information unless specifically stated
otherwise by the owners or holders of rights.  It is therefore not
acceptable for an individual to use NEARnet to access information or
resources unless permission to do so has been granted by the owners or
holders of rights to those resources or information.
Violation of Policy
NEARnet will review alleged violations of Acceptable Used Policy on a
case-by-case basis.  Clear violations of policy which are not promptly
remedied by Member organization may result in termination of NEARnet
Membership and network services to Member.
It seems to me that the user of possibly illegal software like PGP
could be considered a violation of rule 2.  The whole issue of
anonymous harassing email brings up rule 3.  I've send mail to one of
the NEARnet discussion lists asking how encryption and anonymity
affects the interpretation of rule 3.

@_date: 1993-01-14 23:40:28
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: possible solution to the anonymous h 
I thought about this.  The major problem is that once the PEM
beta-testing period ends, all keys must be registered with "approved"
(by RSA) central authorities.  I highly doubt they'd issue
pseudonymous keys, but maybe they would allow someone to set up a
heirarchy especially for that purpose.  I'm not convinced.

@_date: 1993-01-15 00:32:18
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: possible solution to the anonymous h 
RSA has a patent on their algorithm.  It's quite likely that I can't
even create a key pair without their permission, let alone use it.

@_date: 1993-01-22 10:26:42
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: the bill of rights hasn't been revoked. not yet, anyway. 
The major problem is that in any case which the government will be
interested, money is involved.
The problem with anonymous banking is that it can't look like banking,
because the reporting laws for banks are extrememly tight.  No matter
what the bill of rights says, certain things (such as cash
transactions over a certain amount) must be reported.  Interest must
be reported by federal taxpayer ID.  (Ok, we don't pay interest.  This
is the cost of privacy, I guess.)
And I'm not convinced that if the banks records were seized, that you
could avoid being traced.  you have to get the money to and from them
somehow.  And even if I'm unkown by name to them, I'll be damned if
I'm going to put *money* into a bank which I (or my agent) can't walk
up to and do business if I so choose.

@_date: 1993-01-22 23:40:06
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: perl scripts for PGP 
yeah, and I'm cc'ing cypherpunks, since I think you all might be
interested, too.
This script has three functions.  All take the output of pgp -kvv as
1) it "inverts" a pgp file, listing all the keys signed by a given
key, as compared to giving all the keys which have signed a given key.
2) given -kvv output (and it can merge several files of input
automatically, since it hashes on key id), it lists all the keys which
you (or any other key) have a path of signatures to, and the length of
the shortest such path.  So, the specified key has a path length 0.
All keys signed by that key have a path length 1, all keys signed by
those keys have path length 2, etc.
3) Optionally, it will list one of these paths for each key you can
reach.  There may be many paths, so this is only for interest; to
enumerate all paths would be painful.
The most interesting use for this script is to see what your "radius"
is (maximum distance to any key), and to see how big your "world" is.
Needless to say, I wouldn't trust keys which have a long path length
too much, if at all.  There are 155 keys in my "world" (out of a
keyring of about 350).  My current radius is 7.  Tom, if you're in
Boston anytime, my radius would decrease to 5 if I signed your key.
That would be cool :-)
# $Id: pgputil.pl,v 1.7 1993/01/23 07:29:27 marc Exp $
 pgputil.pl. Copyright 1993, Marc Horowitz   This program may be freely redistributed and used as long as the RCS
 Id, copyright, and this message are left intact.  It may also be used
 as the basis for other programs, as long as this program is
 acknowledged in the code and documentation, and it is made clear that
 the new program is a derivative work, and not the original.  Although
 not required, it would be nice if any modifications were sent back to
 me.
$save = "";
sub next {
    local($ret);
    return() if !defined($save);
    while(1) {
    }
sub parsekvv {
    local($keyid,$ring,$lastpub);
    while($_ = &next()) {
    }
sub findsigned {
    local($level, at from) =     local($tmp, at next);
    foreach $hash ( {
    }
    if ( {
    }
($zero = $0) =~ s!^.*/([^/]+)$!$1!;
sub usage {
    die  "usage: $zero signators [ file ... ]\n"
sub signators {
    &parsekvv();
    print "Type bits/keyID   Date       User ID\n";
    foreach $hash (keys %siglist) {
    }
sub recurse {
    for ( {
    }
     =     $keyid = shift(
    if ($keyid !~ /^[0-9A-F]{6}$/) { &usage }
    &parsekvv();
    $signedby{$keyid} = "";
    &findsigned(0, $keyid);
    foreach $pubhash (keys %depth) {
    }
    foreach $k (sort keys %out) {
    }
 dispatch
$cmd = shift( || &usage();
if ($cmd =~ /^s/) {
    &signators();
} elsif ($cmd =~ /^r/) {
    &recurse();
} else {
    &usage();

@_date: 1993-01-24 21:12:41
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: signature trades 
I'm going to be in New York City on Wednesday, January 27.  I'll be
available in the evening if people want to get together somewhere and
trade signatures face-to-face.  I know some people on this list are in
that area.  Email me personally; I'll coordinate and send mail to
everyone who expresses an interest.  If you have a good idea for a
place to meet, please make a suggestion, since I don't know all that
many places to meet.
PGP key in case you want to encrypt:
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.1
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1993-03-02 12:57:14
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: anarchism (was: Re: Dining Crypto -- An Introduction) 
Do all you anarchists out there really think that society can hold
itself together, in any form, without government?  I believe that
government today has its hands in way to many places.  I believe in
downsizing government, but not in eliminating it.
I believe in the free market, but I also believe that the free market
can be abused, and that controls need to be in place to prevent that.
(Those of you who don't believe me, look at the railroad industry in
the end of the 19th century.)
I believe in protecting our freedoms in whatever ways possible, but
there are times when wiretaps and other such actions *are* the most
expidient ways to investigate criminals.  These views are
inconsistent, I think.  I will probably decide that absolute privacy
through crypto is the most reasonable solution.  But I'm still trying
to think of compromises.
IMHO, things like alt.whisteblowers, with airtight anonymity, will do
far more to insure our rights than simply protecting our own privacy,
since the former is active, and the latter is passive.
Now that I'm in free-association mode, Perhaps a.w should be a
That's only what I thought of off the top of my head.  If the New York
Times or some publication of similar stature were to pick up the "best
of" of all the different categories, research them, and publish them
if they turn out to be true, this would have the result of making
government far less corrupt, which would make me far more comfortable
than just knowing the corrupt ones couldn't read my data.  After all,
even with perfect crypto (yeah, I know, can't be done), my *body* is
still vulnerable, and they will still have guns and prisons.  In the
worst case, they don't *need* an excuse.
After all, the real problem today is not that they might see what I
say in private, but that they might decide they don't like it, and do
something about it.  If drugs, and prostitution, and all those non-PC
things were legalized, the security of information would matter a lot
I guess what I'm saying is that crypto is an imperfect solution to a
real problem, and that while it lets us go on with our lives the way
we think we should be able to, solving the real problem would be a lot
better.  This is not to say that I don't think crypto privacy doesn't
have its place: a.w, abuse hotlines, etc. are all excellect examples.
But instead of merely hiding from the system, perhaps we should also
keep an eye to changing it.

@_date: 1993-11-27 20:39:19
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: New toy for those of you with real cash flow. 
JOURNAL OF RECREATIONAL MATHEMATICS   Volume 25, Number 1 -- 1993
  	         Book Reviews, edited by Charles Ashbacher
    Note: The following is neither a book nor a software review. It is a
    review of a piece of hardware--but it should be of prime interest to
    readers of this journal.
  The Dubner PC Cruncher-A Microcomputer Coprocessor Card for Doing Integer
  Arithmetic, H & R Dubner, 449 Beverly Road, Ridgewood, New Jersey 07450,
  Telephone 1-201-652-1825. $2,500.
Need more processor speed for arithmetic operations? Try the Dubner
"Cruncher." This is an add-in board for IBM PC Compatibles (ISA bus) which
is designed to quickly add, subtract, multiply, and divide large numbers.
For example, to check a number of 1000 digits for probable-primality using
Fermat's theorem (a^p = a(mod p) whenever p is prime) takes about two
minutes on a typical 486DX machine, but less than five seconds if this same
machine has a Cruncher installed. The improvement in speed depends on the
size of the numbers. Numbers with 100 digits are multiplied about six
times as fast, numbers with 1000 digits about forty times as fast, and
those with 10,000 digits are multiplied about ninety-eight times as fast.
     The Cruncher is currently limited to integer arithmetic. Its speed
comes from the use of a chip designed for real time digital signal
processing (LSI Logic's L64240 MFIR) which can perform 1.28 billion
multiply/add operations per second. Access is provided to this power on
two levels: through a menu interface and through a set of ANSI compatible
C language routines.
     The menu-based interface is primitive but workable. It allows you to
enter numbers from the keyboard and then perform all the various Cruncher
operations, including the basics operations, using any of several
factorization methods, access to a primality proving algorithm, and even
the ability to screen for primes of certain forms, such as  abc + 1  where
either a or c is incremented during the search.
     Also included are the necessary tools for a programmer to access the
Cruncher's power from within their own C programs. This includes a set of
instructions similar to those in an assembly language, for example,
hmult(a,b,c) multiplies the numbers pointed to by b and c and places the
result in the location that a points to. The procedure hpowerm(a,b,c)
raises a to the b-th power modulo c and places the result in a. Functions
are included to do the basic arithmetic operations as well as such things
as calculating n!, ab(mod c), and the integer part of the n-th root of a
number. These instructions are easily used in any C program and make it
unnecessary for the user to know how the hardware actually works. I
learned C just to use the Cruncher in my own research and the speed was
well worth the effort!
     The near super-computer speed provided by the Cruncher is very
impressive! For example, I recently used the Cruncher on my 386 machine to
search for the next prime of the form  n!-1 . After about five days I found
it: 3507!-1 (with 10,912 digits.) This search would have taken about a
year using a very fast 486! Though it is not necessary, I usually use the
Cruncher from within the Microsoft Windows environment - that way it can
crunch away twenty-four hours a day in the background and I can still do
my word processing and programming in the foreground. However, Windows
does slow the Cruncher down a few percent.
     The Cruncher's price, $2,500, is not cheap, but is definitely the
least expensive way to make your machine multiply and divide fifty times
faster. In short: 1) the speed is unbelievable; 2) the menu interface is
workable, but if your interests diverge too much from the Dubners', you
will need to be able to program in C; and 3) if you program in C, the
tools for accessing Cruncher's power are excellent.
                                                     Chris Caldwell
                                   Mathematics and Computer Science
                                  University of Tennessee at Martin
                                            Martin, Tennessee 38238
                 The Dubner PC Cruncher
We can give you the computational power you've only dreamed of.
Dollar for dollar, we believe that we have built the most powerful
hardware available for doing multiple-precision integer arithmetic.
Here is a list of execution times for Fermat testing of numbers
with 1,000 decimal digits:
            Vaxstation 3100/38  770 sec
            Sun 4/330           377 sec
            Decstation 3100     287 sec
            IBM RS 6000/320     128 sec
            486/33              128 sec
            IBM 3090             19 sec
            486/33 with Dubner PC Cruncher   4.4 sec
            Fujitsu VP 2200/10    2.1 sec
You'll note that the Fujitsu VP 2200/10 can test a 1,000-digit
number faster than the Cruncher.  But the Fujitsu is a multi-
million dollar supercomputer comparable to a four-processor Cray
      The PC Cruncher is an add-in board that plugs into your
      IBM-compatible PC/AT.  Its cost: $2,500.
Furthermore, the Cruncher becomes more efficient as the numbers
grow larger.  At 3,000 digits, the Cruncher is slightly faster than
the Fujitsu.  By 10,000 digits, the Cruncher is 1.5 times faster.
The chances are that you already have a PC which you probably turn
off at night.  Install the Cruncher, run it during those nighttime
hours, and you can get the same amount of computing done as if you
had access to ten or more hours of supercomputer time.
How can we do this?
We are Harvey Dubner and Bob Dubner.  Harvey is an electrical
engineer and computer systems designer with a long-term interest in
mathematical theory, particularly in number theory (with over
twenty published papers.)  Bob is an electronic design engineer
with a lot of experience in high-speed digital systems.  The PC
Cruncher comes from that combination of talent: Harvey has an
insatiable need for processing power, and Bob likes to design
powerful processors.  Over the last ten years we have built and
programmed a succession of high-speed, number-crunching circuits
that augment the ability of personal computers to do multiple-
precision arithmetic.
With the previous version of the hardware, we discovered over half
of all the known prime numbers of more than 2,000 digits.  With 632
numbers, we were by far the biggest contributor to that list.  The
PC Cruncher is roughly ten times faster than the previous version,
and we are very excited about the contributions to theory that will
be made when many investigators have this kind of computational
power available.
Description of the board:  The hardware consists of a full-sized
circuit board that requires a 16-bit slot in an IBM-compatible
PC/AT.  At the heart of the design is a 64-tap Finite-Impulse-
Response filtering chip made by the LSI Logic Corporation.  It is
this chip's ability to perform 1.28 billion multiply/add operations
per second that gives the PC Cruncher its remarkable performance.
(And it is the chip's $1,100 purchase price that makes the PC
Cruncher as expensive as it is.)  The board dissipates about three
or four Watts, and has no special space, power, or cooling
The PC Cruncher has 256K of on-board memory for storing operands,
and another 64K of high-speed memory for accumulating intermediate
results.  All communication between the host and the Cruncher is
done with I/O ports -- the Cruncher doesn't use up any valuable
memory space.
The software for driving the Cruncher will run fastest on a 386 or
486 executing in protected mode. We use Symantec's Zortech C
compiler, because it easily and conveniently generates 32-bit
protected-mode code.  All of the code has been written in strictly
ANSI-compatible C, with some MASM 5.1 assembly language.
When you buy the Cruncher, you will receive the board, complete
schematics, complete documentation for the programmable logic on
the board, complete source-level C and MASM code for driving the
board, and documentation for that code.
Please contact us for additional information.
Order from:  ( USmail, Email, Fax, or telephone )
            Dubner International, Inc.
            13 Westervelt Place
            Westwood, NJ  07675
            Tel: 201-664-6434
            Fax: 201-358-9377
            Tel:     Harvey Dubner  201-652-1825
                     Robert Dubner  201-664-6434
            E-mail:  Harvey Dubner  70372.1170 at compuserve.com
                     Robert Dubner  73247.2334 at compuserve.com
            PC Cruncher Performance Benchmarking:
Assessing just how fast the PC Cruncher can calculate depends on many
things.  The major factor is the size of the operands that are being
operated on.
Consider multiplication.  The PC Cruncher multiplies using the schoolboy
algorithm -- it does long multiplication just like you do, except that
instead of multiplying and accumulating 2-digit products, the Cruncher
multiplies and accumulates 308-digit products.  And it only takes the
hardware about 6.4 microseconds to multiply-and-accumulate a 308-digit
product.  Unfortunately, it can take dozens of microseconds of fiddling
with the PC's sluggish ISA buss to set up the hardware to create that 308-
digit product.  The efficiency at that point is relatively low.  Even at
1,000 digits, the software is spending about half its time frantically
trying to get the hardware going.  At about 4,000 digits, the effects of
overhead are reduced, but they continue to be significant until about
10,000 digits.
To give you some idea of what this means, let's look at the time needed to
square an N-digit number.  Here is a comparison of a 486/33 with a PC
Cruncher, compared with a 486/33 running a highly-optimized multiple-
precision multiply routine:
      Number of digits  Time without Cruncher  Time with Cruncher  Factor
              100             .000220 secs         .000037 secs      6
              500             .004000              .000165          24
            1,000             .015000              .000357          42
            5,000             .375000              .004400          85
           10,000            1.500000              .015283          98
Division performance is even more complicated.  The basic inner loop of
division is more complicated than that of multiplying, with even more
overhead.  Dividing a 200-digit number by a 100-digit number is about 6
times slower than squaring a 100-digit number; at 2,000 by 1,000 digits
division is 3 times slower than the corresponding multiply, and at 20,000
by 10,000 digits division is 1.7 times slower.  Added to all this is a
600-microsecond pre-division calculation time that must be added to all
randomly-started divisions.  Happily, this calculation need only be done
once whenever repeated divisions by the same number are executed, as in
the heavily-used 'A**B MOD C' function.
In summary:
In the 50 to 200 digit range, a 486/33 PC equipped with a PC Cruncher
board will be 3 to 10 times faster than the same machine without the
Cruncher.  The actual speed will depend on the size of the numbers and the
function mix.  As you go up to 1,000 digits, performance will be 20 to 40
times faster.  Past 4,000 or so digits performance will be 50 to 100 times
faster, which will put you in supercomputer territory.
If you start with a slower PC, the relative performance gains are even
more spectacular, since the Cruncher's performance is hindered only a
little by the slower processor once you get past a few hundred digits.  At
100 digits, a Cruncher-equipped 386/20 will be about 10 to 30 times faster
than the same machine without the board, and at 4,000 digits and up will
be 150 to 300 times faster.
Dubner PC Cruncher  --  Other Possibilities
RSA Encrypting/Decrypting
A 486/33 equipped with a Dubner PC Cruncher board can perform 1,024-bit
A**B MOD C calculations in about 0.473 seconds.  You could therefore
decrypt an entire message at the rate of about 270 bytes per second --
ght times faster than an unaided 486/33.
re prepended to a
DES-encrypted messages, can get going in about one-half second instead
body out there have a network that needs a key
Need more speed?  Let usere is enough interest, we
can build this same basic hardware onto an EISA slave board, instead of an
ISA board.  We have yet to do a complete analysis, but our feeling is we'd
get about a three-fold performance increase in the 1,024-bit range.  This
added speed would come from a reduction in overhead when manipulating
these smallish 308-digit numbers.
Need even more speed?  Talk to us.  It just costs money.  The PC Cruncher
design would scale up nicely with two or four of the big FIR chips.  For
somewhere between $6,000 and $10,000 you could blow the maintenance panels
off of anything.  But we'd need a sponsor.
Used to working with workstations?  Well, you could spend about $2,000 on
a 486/33, add in the $2,500 PC Cruncher, write some software and stick it
on the network as a number crunching server, and hardly notice the
difference.  Or talk to us -- with sufficient interest we could build a
Cruncher with its own on-board RISC processor, and stick a SCSI port on it
so it'll plug right into a workstation.  Not a bad idea -- we could get
rid of a lot of overhead that way, and get real improvements in the 100-
digit and up range.  But again, we'd need a sponsor.
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-10-02 13:04:23
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: PGP in FIDO 
I'm truly amazed.  Mike Godwin, who is a lawyer who *specializes* in
this sort of thing, has rebuffed this statement several times, and
given his phone number for interested BBS sysops to call him.   And
yet, people continue to spew disbelief.
Of course, without real case law, Mike's opinion is still just that,
but when some BBS sysop gets nailed by the ECPA, I'm gonna laugh.

@_date: 1993-09-13 19:08:48
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: physical security is the weak link 
These articles are reposted with permission from the ClariNet
newsgroup clari.tw.computers.  Copyright 1993 by UPI.  For more info,
send mail to info at clarinet.com.
--begin repost
stormed into a Silicon Valley electronic supply company Thursday,
stealing a large number of valuable computer microprocessors before
fleeing in a van.
business takeover was the second of its kind in a week and took just
five minutes.
for,'' he said. ``Unfortunately, this has become a trend in the Silicon
Valley. We have about one a month.''
Inc. about 9:07 a.m. PDT as if they were going to make a legitimate
pickup. Two armed men then jumped out of the van and ordered the
employees to the floor while four others made their way to a storage
Intel Corp.'s microprocessors -- the ``brains'' that power most personal
computers -- and then the robbers fled. No shots were fired and no one
was injured. The value of the stolen items was not released.
since been traced to a Lynwood, Calif., U-Haul dealer and was signed out
on Sept. 4. However, the thieves used a fraudulent driver's license to
rent the vehicle.
black market in computer components.
has captured the attention of the state's street gangs, luring them to
California's Silicon Valley where the armed takeover of supply
warehouses has become a common occurrence, authorities said Friday.
Clara, California, High Tech Crime unit, called the takeovers and the
trade in stolen computer parts ``the gang crime of the 1990s.
are very violent attacks. Generally, the gang is well armed. It's just a
matter of time before someone get hurt. We consider ourselves lucky that
it hasn't already happened.''
impossible to trace stolen chips.
some gangs,'' Finkelstein said. ``This is the coke of the 90's. The
chips have become as valuable pound for pound as cocaine and if you get
caught, the punishment is much less severe.''
change hands as many as 3 or 4 times in 24 hours. Finally, the computer
parts make their way to what is called ``the gray market.
said. ``That's because it's really not illegal. It made up of suppliers
who legitimately buy their chips and those that get them from the gangs.
manufacturers like Intel Corp. cannot keep pace with the demand for
their microprocessors -- the ``brains'' that power most personal
computer manufacturers to turn to the gray market to fill their orders.
on them to identify them individually. There is a system that shows who
manufactured the chips and what day they were manufactured.
off,'' Finkelstein said. ``We do prosecute some of these cases, but they
are extremely difficult. There is really no way to trace these products.
stormed into Wyle Laboratory Inc. in Santa Clara and in a matter of five
minutes had stolen thousands of dollars worth of Intel CPU
robbery was the second of its kind in a week. He added that the area is
averaging at least one of these armed takeovers a month.
he said. ``Unfortunately, this has become a trend in the Silicon Valley.
off a gang of black gunmen. The robbers abandoned van was discovered
later in the day Thursday and traced to Lynwood, California, a location
frequented by the Los Angeles gangs.
--end repost
If people are willing to go to these measures to steal Intel
microprocessors, which are generally available, imagine what people
will do in order to steal unprogrammed Skipjack chips.  In the volume
the Government would like to see them made, the physical security
which one might want to give to a classified production facility will
be difficult or impossible.

@_date: 1993-09-13 20:33:47
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: NSA harassing crypto software writer over export (fwd, sci.crypt) 
What exactly is "Moby Crypto"?  Is it a book?  A disk?
The current law can be interpreted to mean that a piece of code on
paper is legal, but on a disk is not.  Clearly, this is what the NSA
is doing.  Stupid?  Yes, IMHO.  But the government has refused to see
it this way.  This person does not need lawyers.  He needs
congresscritters, preferably a majority of them :-/

@_date: 1993-09-13 20:34:47
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: NSA harassing crypto software writer over export (fwd, sci.crypt) 
What exactly is "Moby Crypto"?  Is it a book?  A disk?
The current law can be interpreted to mean that a piece of code on
paper is legal, but on a disk is not.  Clearly, this is what the NSA
is doing.  Stupid?  Yes, IMHO.  But the government has refused to see
it this way.  This person does not need lawyers.  He needs
congresscritters, preferably a majority of them :-/
He is naive if he things proving that a law is absurd is sufficient to
nullify it.

@_date: 1993-09-18 12:59:38
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: WE'RE UNDER ATTACK 
Lance, calm down.  PRZ and ViaCrypt have their own lawyers.  Mike
Godwin in contact with PRZ, and we all saw Shari's message from the
exec dir of the EFF, so they are involved.
We are technologists, not lawyers.  For now, I'll let the lawyers
formulate the response to this attack.  They know the game better than
you or I do.  When my help is requested, they'll get it.
For now, we need to continue doing what we've been doing: distributing
technology, experimenting with remailers, and increasing awareness.
Not taking the government on with no tools, no experience, and no

@_date: 1993-09-27 22:46:19
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Easy cracking 
I'd send it off to CERT anonymously.  They have good relationships
with vendors, who often put out patches CERT presents them with
security-related problems.  If I saw no response after 6-12 months
(about a vendor release cycle), I might start being more public about
This solution means that the problem has a reasonable chance of
getting solved, without causing too much damage in the interim.
If I had reason to believe that some security hole was being used
heavily and maliciously by someone, I would explain this to CERT and
wait a significantly smaller period of time, like a week or two,
before going public.  This would prevent people from being unknowingly
hurt by a bug.
It's important not to go too public too quickly, because people have a
tendency to panic.  When the 1988 Internet Worm was discovered,
peoples' reaction was to pull the plug on the net.  This was
counterproductive, since it made it difficult to tell people how to
protect themselves against the Worm.  Parts of the MILNET remained
disconnected for weeks.

@_date: 1996-12-11 15:22:49
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: PGP Public Key Server beta release available! 
The new PGP Public Key Server which has been running on pgp.ai.mit.edu
for the past several months is now available as a beta release.  This is the first public release of the code, and while it has proven
mostly reliable, it is not guaranteed to be perfect.  Because it uses
hash tables and balanced trees instead of a flat file format, it
trades a disk space for a substantial performance improvement over the
old pgp-based key server.
The PGP Public Key Server home page can be found at
.  This page contains links to
the sources, the server running on pgp.ai.mit.edu, and my thesis,
which documents the specification and design of the key server.
If you have any problems, questions, or comments, I read
comp.security.pgp.tech.  That's probably the best forum for discussion
and questions, but you can send me email, too.
In order to have an idea how how many people are using this key
server, if you install it, for public use or not, please let me know.
