
@_date: 2002-08-15 12:20:39
@_author: Marc Joye 
@_subject: CT-RSA 2003 -- preliminary call for papers 
Preliminary Call for Papers -- CT-RSA 2003
               Submission deadline: Oct. 1, 2002
      Cryptographers' Track, RSA Conference 2003 (CT-RSA 2003)
       April 13-17, 2003, Moscone Center, San Francisco, USA
                       (see also Following the success of the two previous editions, the
Cryptographers' Track of RSA Conference 2003 (CT-RSA 2003)
will be run as an anonymously refereed conference with
proceedings. The proceedings of CT-RSA 2001 and CT-RSA 2002 were
published in Springer-Verlag's Lecture Notes in Computer Science
series as LNCS 2020 and LNCS 2271, respectively.
Original research papers pertaining to all aspects of cryptography
as well as tutorials are solicited. Submissions may present theory,
techniques, applications and practical experience on topics
including, but not limited to: fast implementations, secure
electronic commerce, network security and intrusion detection,
formal security models, comparison and assessment, tamper
resistance, certification and time-stamping, cryptographic data
formats and standards, encryption and signature schemes, public
key infrastructure, protocols, elliptic curve cryptography,
cryptographic algorithm design and cryptanalysis, discrete
logarithms and factorization techniques, lattice reduction, and
provable security.
IMPORTANT DATES:
  Submission deadline:     Oct. 1, 2002
  Acceptance notification: Nov. 1, 2002
  Proceedings version:     Nov. 17, 2002
INSTRUCTIONS FOR AUTHORS:
The program committee invites research contributions and tutorials
in the broad area of applications and theory of cryptography.
Correspondence, including submissions, will take place entirely
via e-mail. All submissions will be blind refereed. To make a
submission, please send two separate e-mail messages to
                       marc.joye at gemplus.com
(the first message should contain the paper's title, the names and
affiliations of the authors and should identify the contact author,
including e-mail and postal addresses; the second message should
contain the submission itself in PostScript or in PDF).
The paper must be anonymous, with no author names, affiliations,
acknowledgements, or obvious references.  It should begin with a
title, a short abstract, and a list of keywords.  The paper should
be at most 12 pages (excluding the bibliography and clearly marked
appendices), and at most 18 pages in total, using at least 11-point
font and reasonable margins.  Submissions not meeting these
guidelines risk rejection without consideration of their merits.
For an accepted paper to be included in the proceedings, the
authors of the paper must guarantee that at least one of the
co-authors will attend the conference and deliver the talk
(registration fees will be waived for the co-author delivering
the talk).
PROGRAM COMMITTEE:
  Giuseppe Ateniese          Chi-Sung Laih
  John Black                 Tatsuaki Okamoto
  Daniel Bleichenbacher      David Pointcheval
  Rosario Gennaro            Bart Preneel
  Stuart Haber               Jean-Jacques Quisquater
  Helena Handschuh           Tsuyoshi Takagi
  Markus Jakobsson           Gene Tsudik
  Antoine Joux               Serge Vaudenay
  Marc Joye (Chair)          Sung-Ming Yen
  Kwangjo Kim                Moti Yung
  Seungjoo Kim               Yuliang Zheng
