
@_date: 2000-10-04 10:16:43
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: CDR: VASCO gizmos 
Hi! Anybody knows anything about the VASCO Data Security gizmos' algorithm?
[You enter your pin, and it generates a 7-digit number, which is
synchronized with the number on the server you're authenticating to; the
number is valid for 30 secs or 1 minute, I'm not sure.] We just got some at
our company, and they're open to at least a replay attack, but I'm curious
what algorithm do they use for generating those numbers.
All inventions or works of authorship original to me,
herein and past, are placed irrevocably in the public
domain, and may be used or modified for any purpose,
without permission, attribution, or notification.

@_date: 2000-10-13 14:04:29
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: CDR: Fw: [Fwd: Markierte Musik: SDMI Crack] 
Yiihaaaa! Will they release SDMI knowing that it is broken? [Not that it
wasn't a bad idea from the start.]
-------- Original Message --------
X-Loop: openpgp.net
q/depesche 00.10.13/1
Markierte Musik: SDMI Crack
Wie Salon Magazine berichtet, wurde das von der Musikindustrie
favorisierte Muik-Wasserzeichen System, die so genannte "Secure
digital Music Initiative" einem Crack zugef|hrt. Was dieser zu
bedeuten hat, ist noch nicht ganz sicher.
-.-. --.- -.-. --.- -.-. --.- -.-. --.- -.-. --.- -.-. --.- -.-. --.-
running for cover. All of the Secure Digital Music Initiative's
watermarks -- its much ballyhooed music protection scheme -- have
been broken. A spokesperson for SDMI has denied the reports, but
according to three off-the-record sources, the results of the Hack
SDMI contest are in and not one single watermark resisted attack.
The hacking contest, which invited the general Net population to
break the recording industry's watermarking system and win
$10,000, ended Sunday; this week, SDMI members are meeting in
Los Angeles to discuss the results. Although a core group of
participants (including members of the Recording Industry
Association of America) who coordinated the testing process are
aware of the contest results, the larger SDMI consortium has yet to
be informed.
The key issue is whether the breaks are meaningful or not -- in other
words, could any hacker repeat the breaks, and is the quality of the
music preserved even when the watermark is scrubbed out?
According to one insider, all these hacks were, in fact, technically
"solid." The hacker boycott of SDMI organized by members of the
programming community who were suspicious of what they saw as
an attempt to coopt their labor in the service of a corrupt industry has
turned out to be effectively irrelevant.
According to one witness attending the SDMI conference, recording
industry members held an emergency meeting at 6 a.m. PDT
Thursday to discuss the results. SDMI members and the press will
likely be informed Friday, several sources said, although most
speculated that the record industry would try to downplay the results.
Voll Text

@_date: 2000-09-12 16:19:08
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Abortion Assasination Politics likely going to Supremes 
More stuff for Freenet, it seems. I'm really curious how "they" would
consider handling such documents instead MP3s - better or worse?

@_date: 2000-09-26 12:30:20
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: CDR: Fw: Others are protecting freedom of speech too. 
----- Original Message -----
X-Loop: openpgp.net
Sent: Monday, September 25, 2000 2:52 PM
        INTERNET_ANONYMITY
                               Speech without Accountability
                             New software makes it nearly impossible to
              remove illegal material from the Web--or to find out who put
it there
        SAN FRANCISCO--In the centuries-long struggle to decide what people
may say without
        fear of prosecution, almost all the big decisions have been made by
constitution writers,
        judges and politicians. When things work properly, these players
balance one another out
        and change the limits of free speech only slowly and after much
debate. Inventors have
        played an occasional starring role, too, Gutenberg being the
archetype. But with the rise of
        the Internet, a certain class of inventors--computer scientists--has
asserted its own
        special power to determine the boundaries of permissible speech.
Unlike the leaders of
        governments, programmers release the new methods that they devise
for sharing
        information globally, quickly and often with little thought to the
        Consider Publius, a censor-resistant Web publishing system described
in mid-August at a
        computer security conference in Denver. Engineers at the conference
greeted the
        invention warmly, presenting to its creators--Marc E. Waldman, a
Ph.D. student at New
        York University, and Aviel D. Rubin and Lorrie F. Cranor of AT&T
        award for best paper. Publius is indeed an impressive technical
achievement: a tiny little
        program that, once widely installed, allows almost any computer user
to publish a
        document on the Web in such a way that for all practical purposes it
cannot be altered or
        removed without the author's consent, even by an incensed
government. In fact, authors
        can post files to Publius that even they themselves cannot delete.
Yet it is quite simple
        for any Web surfer anywhere to view files published this way.
        The details of its design give Publius another important property.
If publishers use an
        inexpensive anonymizing service (such as Anonymizer.com, Rewebber.de
or Freedom.net)
        or a public Internet terminal to cover any tracks, then they can
upload computer
        files--not just Web pages but also software and digital
recordings--irremovably and with
        almost no risk of identification. The Federal Bureau of
Investigation would not comment
        on how it might track down those who use Publius to put illegal
material on-line.
        Publius thus appears to allow speech without accountability, and
that is something
        fundamentally new. Deep Throat was anonymous, for example, but the
Washington Post
        still had to defend its Watergate story in court. When
antiabortionists made up a list of
        doctors who performed abortions and posted it on-line, striking
through the names of
        those physicians who had been murdered, they were hauled before a
jury, which fined them
        $109 million in civil damages.
        Every nation outlaws some kinds of communications: libel, piracy,
conspiracy, treason.
        Some nations go much further, of course. "Governments are working on
international moral
        censorship schemes," observes Michael Sims of the Censorware
Project. "Companies are
        working on international economic censorship schemes." Publius, Sims
says, is a response
        to this trend. "Many, many people don't want the Internet to end up
looking like TV. When
        the censorship crosses their individual moral thresholds, some of
them start to act in
        response."
        But is it an appropriate response for a small number of computer
scientists to create
        software that subverts the efforts of governments, who must answer
to citizens, and of
        companies, who must answer to both governments and customers?
Publius has many
        obviously good uses, Rubin argues. "A whistle-blower could use it to
expose illegal
        dumping by his employer. You could set up a Web site supporting a
political candidate
        that your boss hates. Or companies may want to back up their
        data--encrypted--on Publius so that it isn't destroyed in a
        All true. But "there are much more direct ways to protect
whistle-blowers, using laws
        instead of technology," says Joan E. Bertin, executive director of
the National Coalition
        Against Censorship. The same is true for anonymous political Web
sites and sensitive
        corporate data--and even for that list of abortion providers, which
the judge did not pull
        from the Net. (The Supreme Court has ruled that threats are
protected speech unless they
        are likely to cause "imminent lawless action.") If Publius is used
to commit crimes with
        impunity, governments may try to ban the system. Indeed, encryption
laws in the U.K.
        already appear to forbid its installation there. Courts may uphold a
ban, Bertin suggests,
        unless Publius clearly enables legal speech that cannot be protected
in a more innocuous
        way. In any case, so long as Publius servers are running anywhere on
the Internet and U.S.
        citizens can surf anonymously, any ban would have little effect.
        Appropriate or not, Publius is now a part of the Internet. Even
before he presented his
        paper in Denver, Waldman posted the source code to the program on
his Web site, so that
        other experts can check it for holes. Within a week almost 40
servers in five countries
        (including the U.K.) were running the system. "But we haven't had
any responses yet from
        countries under authoritarian regimes," Rubin says. Testing is
expected to continue
        through October.
        Ironically, Publius may be ineffective in the very places where
censorship is most
        oppressive. Bennett Haselton of the Censorware Project points out
that "it only protects
        against censorship on the publishing end. In a country like China,
where the main problem
        is censorship on the receiving end (all inbound traffic is filtered
through the TGreat
        Firewall of China'), it is trivial for the censors to detect when
someone is accessing a
        Publius document." So Publius seems to work only for those who are
already guaranteed a
        right to speak anonymously and read what they like. To them, it
extends the ability, if not
        the right, to disregard what the politicians, judges and
constitution writers have decided is
        out of bounds.
        --W. Wayt Gibbs
Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at
Freenet-chat mailing list
Freenet-chat at lists.sourceforge.net

@_date: 2000-09-27 12:43:40
@_author: Marcel Popescu 
@_subject: CDR: More from RISKS 
A private solution to the problem that one Carl wanted more laws to solve:
