
@_date: 1993-04-07 17:41:58
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Real-time BBS Encryption?? 
A lot of coding?  You can come very close to doing it with
off-the-shelf code.  ka9q for SLIP.  Telnet authentication is now an
RFC, and encryption will be available probably within a few weeks.
Plus, with IP, you can use existing mechanisms (like POP) to get your
mail on your local PC and do your decryption there.  This is beyond
any PC code I know, and would require new development.

@_date: 1993-04-12 20:01:11
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Security Dynamics 
1) not true.  I read an article about a pseudorandom number generator
which appeared random to every test they used on it.  Then they went
and did a monte carlo simulation of something based on that prng.
Guess what?  It wasn't quite random enough.  Lesson: it can be *very*
hard to determine randomness.
2) The sequence is not random.  It is cryptographically pseudorandom.
This is very different.
3) A friend who has a significant math background in crypto stuff has
seen the Security Dynamics algorithms (under non-disclosure), and says
that they're credible.  That vouches for their theory.  That they
insist on programming the cards and keeping the keys themselves, and
that they do not allow you to program the cards yourself, is a major
problem, no matter how good their math is.

@_date: 1993-04-13 16:20:28
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: how secure is secring.pgp? 
I may be nitpicking here, but I have to argue.  Although there is a
relationship, security and privacy are not one and the same.  You have
named a security item, and a privacy item, not two security items.
For privacy to exist, security may be necessary, but that doens't make
it a security item.  For instance, I trust my roommate to respect my
privacy.  There's no lock on my bedroom door.  He knocks before coming
in if I'm in there.  This is a privacy system based on trust, not on
security.  I'm not proposing this model for the net, don't worry!
(That's Dorothy Denning's job. :-) I'm just pointing out that privacy
can exist without security, given appropriate constraints.  Similarly,
security can exist without privacy:  You can clearsign a message w/o
encrypting it.
I believe that the secring.pgp is secure, for most reasonable
purposes.  (You can debate this, but I'll just keep changing my
definition of reasonable on you.  So don't bother.)  However, it is
clearly not private.  One could argue that the entire secring.pgp
should be encrypted, and I might even agree with you.  I'll have to
think about it more.
The former point is probably true.  However, the latter point is
ludicrous, IMHO.  If it's a public key, why should it be encrypted?
The whole purpose of a public key is that it can be widely published.
Encrypting it sort of kills the idea.  If the name<->key mapping on
the public key is protected, it's useless for me to know that key ID
B4B951 signed some message.  I want to know who that person is, or at
least, who they claim to be.  You could claim that the keyring
identified the people with whom I talk, but that is easily overcome by
just keeping a few thousand people on your keyring.  Then the signal
is buried in the noise.  Even if you don't want someone's public key
visible on your own keyring, it's still reasonable for their key to be
published in some "global" directory, in the clear.

@_date: 1993-04-13 20:11:29
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: ["Vinton G. Cerf": Letter to Congress/RSA + DES] 
Vint Cerf is a very well-known and respected person in the Internet
community.  I don't know if his testimony will mean anything, but it's
interesting to read.
------- Forwarded Message
Sender: cclark at IETF.CNRI.Reston.VA.US
Dr. Vinton G. Cerf
3614 Camelot Drive
Annandale, VA 22003-1302
11 April 1993
The Honorable Timothy Valentine
Committee on Science, Space and Technology
Subcommittee on Technology, Environment and Aviation
House of Representatives
Rayburn House Office Building
Dear Chairman Valentine:
I recently had the honor of testifying before the Subcommittee on Technology, Environment and Aviation during which time Representative Rohrabacher (R, California) made the request that I prepare correspondence to the committee concerning the present US policy on the export of hardware and software implementing the Data Encryption Standard (DES) and the RSA Public Key encryption algorithm As you know, the DES was developed by the National Institute for Standards and Technology (NIST) in the mid-1970s, based on technology developed by Internatonal Business Machines (IBM). The details of the algorithm were made widely available to the public and considerable opportunity for public comment on the technology was offered. In the same general time period, two researchers at Stanford University (Martin Hellman and Whitfield Diffie) published a paper describing the possible existence of mathematical functions which, unlike the symmetric DES algorithm, could act in a special, pairwise fashion to support encryption and decryption. These so-called "public key algorithms" had the unusual property that one function would encrypt and the other decrypt -- differing from the symmetric DES in which a single function performs both operations. The public key system uses a pair of keys, one held private and the other made public. DES uses one key which is kept secret by all parties using it.
Three researchers at MIT (Rivest, Shamir and Adelman) discovered an algorithm which met Hellman and Diffie's criteria. This algorithm is now called "RSA" in reference to its inventors. The RSA technology was patented by Stanford and MIT and a company, Public Key Partners (PKP), created to manage licensing of the RSA technology. A company called RSA Data Security, Inc., was also formed, which licensed the technology from PKP and markets products to the public based on the technology.
The current policy of the United States places DES and RSA technology under export control. Because cryptography falls into the category of munitions, it is controlled not only by the Commerce Department but also by the State Department under the terms of the International Traffic in Arms regulations. Despite the public development of both of these technologies and their documented availability outside the United States over the last 15 years, US policy has been uniformly restrictive concerning export licensing. As the United States and the rest of the world enter more fully into the Information Age in which digital communications plays a critical role in the global infrastructure, the "digital signature" capability of public key cryptography is a critical necessity for validating business transactions and for identifying ownership of intellectual property expressed in digital electronic forms.
Registration and transfer of intellectual property rights in works which can be represented in digital form will be cenral factors in the national and global information infrastructure. A number of parties are exploring technical means for carrying out rights registration and transfer, making use of public key cryptography as a basic tool. In addition, there is a great deal of current work on electronic mail systems which support privacy by means of encryption and support authenticity by means of digital signatures. One of these systems, developed in the Internet environment I mentioned in my testimony, is called Privacy-enhanced Mail (PEM) and makes use of DES, RSA and some other special "hash" functions which are integral to the production of digital signatures.
For these various systems to be compatible on an international basis, it would be very helpful for the cryptographic components to be exportable on a world-wide basis. A number of vendors make produces relying on these technologies within the United States but often find it very difficult to engage in international commerce owing to the export licensing required for these technologies. Ironically, the technology appears to be widely available outside the US and also outside the COCOM countries, so US firms face both competition outside the US and export inhibitions in their attempts to develop worldwide markets.
There are  many valid national security reasons for limiting the export of cryptographic capabilities, since these technologies may aid an opponent in time of war or other conflict. Perhaps just as important, US intelligence gathering capability can be eroded by the availability of high grade cryptography on a worldwide basis. Recently, it has also been alleged that the world-wide availability of cryptography would also seriously impede US drug enforcement and anti-crime efforts. While these reasons seem sufficient, many have pointed out that the widespread accessibility to the detailed specifications of DES and RSA and availability and existence of software and hardware outside the US have long since done whatever damage is going to be done in respect of warfighting, crime or drug potential. This line of reasoning leads to the conclusion that our policies only inhibit legitimate commerce, but have little impact on the other concerns expressed.
As in all such controversy, there is often some truth on both sides. The National Institutes of Standards and Technology (NIST), has offered alternative digital signature capability. Technical assessments of the alternative have turned up weaknesses, in the opinions of some experts. There is not yet an alternative to DES, unless it is to be found in NSA's Commercial Crypto Evaluation Program (CCEP) in which NSA proposes to provide algorithms which are implemented in hardware by industry and made available for civilian use. As I understand this program, NSA does not intend to release any details of the algorithms, leaving open questions about the nature and strength of the technology. Some experts will persist in the belief that such offerings have weaknesses which are deliberately built in and hidden (so-called "Trojan Horses") which will allow the agency to "break" any messages protected by this means.
The critics complained loudly that the reasoning behind the design of certain parts of the DES algorithm (specifically the "S-boxes") was never made public and therefore that the algorithm was suspect. In fact, the DES has proven to be very strong - indeed, it may be that very fact which makes it so unpalatable in some quarters to permit its unrestricted export. It may be that the CCEP technology offered is satisfactory, but this is hard to tell without knowing more about its provenance. Presuming the wide availability of both DES and RSA technology, it seems to me appropriate and timely to re-examine US export control policy regarding these two algorithms. In all probability, any such review will require some classified testimony which will have to be heard in confidence by cleared members of your committee. I sincerely hope that the outcome will be favorable to use by US industry in international commerce, but even if the outcome results in continuation of present policy, it is timely to make such a review, in my opinion.
Vinton G. Cerf
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-04-19 19:04:36
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Sound bite time 
Neither of those is aimed at Joe Average Citizen.
The first isn't any good, because most people don't see any need to
protect against a tyranny.
The second is no good because although people might be afraid of
getting shot, most people don't go around wearing bulletproof vests
all the time.
I'd be for something applicable and simple like
"Giving the government keys to your encrypted messages is like giving
them keys to the front door of your house."
People can relate to that.

@_date: 1993-08-09 10:41:46
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: ANON: Re: how does it work 
Why write your own problem?  Get the sendmail sources from any number
of ftp sites, modify them a little, recompile, and use your own
sendmail instead of your OS's for delivery.  Then, you can keep
limited logs for debugging in a place you can delete them when you're
done.  The only catch is that running as you instead of root, you
can't listen on port 25.

@_date: 1993-08-11 15:22:05
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Clipper trapdoor? 
Yes.  Quoting the original Presidential release:
"legal authorization to conduct a wiretap" != "court order".  I've
seen lots of people slip into that habit.  Today, it requires a court
order to wiretap domestic conversations between US citizens.
Presumably, the same conditions apply to Skipjack.  However, that
could change.
As for the example of snooping on Hussein and his officers, you know
exactly how much legal authorization the NSA needs to conduct that
wiretap.  Exactly none.  Hence, it needs no paperwork to get the key
to Hussein's phone.
How the escrow agents make the NSA prove that the keyid in question
belongs to Hussen's phone is an exercise left to the legislature :-/

@_date: 1993-08-24 11:45:29
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: No digital coins (was: Chaum on the wrong foot?) 
This is way off-topic, but....
Large organizations have too much power.  Take a look at the sorts of
things Andrew Carnegie was able to do.  Like running at a loss in
order to squash small competitors.  That's where the Sherman antitrust
legislature comes from.  Before you call me a government-lover, I have
to say that I'm not sure which I find more abhorrent: "capitalist"
companies engaging in unfair business practices, or government
regulation.  If someone wants to explain how we can get away without
both (in personal email :-) I'd love to hear it.
I think the "right thing" is somewhere in between purely individual
transactions, with some sort of distributed trust model (the world is
too big for that to be tractable, I think), and the current model of
Huge Banks essentially controlling all money flow.  Fact is,
infrastructure costs money, and big organizations can amortize
one-time costs over more customers.

@_date: 1993-08-27 11:42:52
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: ViaCrypt PGP and source code 
You don't seem to understand that RSA has a monopoly.  You think they
are going to bend over backwards for ViaCrypt PGP when they are
pulling in millions in royalties from companies like Lotus?
"Nobody ever went broke underestimating the intelligence of the
American public."  Consider how unaware most people are today.
They're not going to care if they can audit the code; most people
don't have the skills anyway.  If AT&T or the government says
something is secure, they will be believed by most people.  Certain
large organizations (like banks) may have the clout (financial clout,
since that's what counts) to do their own code audit.  But Cypherpunks
just aren't big enough fish.  There's plenty of money to be made if
you aren't 'on the cryptographic "up and up"'.
If you don't want to buy ViaCrypt PGP because you can't get sources,
RSA isn't going to cry over those lost profits.  Their monopoly
insures that they can get their money from more compliant customers.

@_date: 1993-07-01 14:32:44
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Boston cpunx mtg Jul 10? 
I'll be out of town for IETF.
Since I'll be attending a DigiCash technical presentation (by David
Chaum) and a new "Internet Mercantile Protocols" BOF session, I think
I'll have something to offer the group :-) I return on the 18th.  But
my mother's birthday is the next weekend.  Damn.  I hate scheduling.
Maybe we should just have an August meeting, too :-)
Is anybody else here going to IETF?  I'd like to meet up with anyone
who is.

@_date: 1993-07-21 08:59:40
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Thoughts on remailers 
Both of those cost money.  If anonymous remailers cost a dime of
anonymous digital cash to use, people wouldn't use them quite as
often.  There would still be abuse, but random chronic abuse would be
much less.  Of course, if it cost money, people might not use them
when it was really necessary.  Not much can be done about that.

@_date: 1993-06-01 15:06:14
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Verifying Privacy as an Upload/AI? 
Oh, sure.
"Hi, Paul?  This is Marc.  I need your piece of my private key.  How
am I?  Just fine.  But if you don't give me the password, the guy
holding the phone has some very unpleasant looking surgical equipment
and there isn't an anaesthesiologist in sight, so I won't be fine for
long.  Just read it out loud, someone will key it in."
Need I say more?

@_date: 1993-06-03 15:53:03
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: snake oil 
This list is, IMHO, for the discussion of privacy enforced by
technology in the hands of the user..  New approaches (like remailers
or money algorithms) are within the domain of this group.  New
encryption algorithms are better discussed in the newsgroup sci.crypt.
I admit that I'm a bit skeptical.  So far, every new encryption scheme
someone has proposed here has either been trivially defeated, or done
before.  I'm tired of showing how most schemes are reducible to a
one-time pad or codebook :-)
In any case, I think there are more experienced cryptographers on
sci.crypt than on this list, but I could be wrong.

@_date: 1993-06-08 10:05:32
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: CERT: the letter from CERT to berkeley.edu admin 
This thread is the first set of negative comments I've ever heard
about CERT.  My experience with them in the past has been as a clearinghouse for
users to report security-related bugs to vendors, and for vendors to
provide fixed back to users.  They've done an admirable job at this;
the major complaint is that they are too slow.  They also help
distribute tools like COPS to validate unix workstation security.
They are a proactive organization, not a reactive organization, so
it's meaningless to ask what "Computer Emergencies" CERT has "halted".
I think that calling them "crypto-fascists" is at best an unsupported
smear, and at worst slanderous.
I agree with Peter.  If CERT is beginning to overstep its bounds
perhaps someone should make a calm, rational complaint.
from the cert_faq, available as cert.org:/pub/cert_faq:
    CERT is sponsored by the Advanced Research Projects Agency (ARPA). The
    Software Engineering Institute is sponsored by the U.S. Department of
    Defense. Well, it's not a Government agency, but it's money certainly seems to
come from there.
Anyway, what I see here is an organization, founded for good reasons,
which is getting a little out of hand.  Rather than going ballistic,
slandering CERT, and claiming they've never done anything of value, I
think we should approach this as an internal problem at CERT.
Currently, there is a big problem on the Internet with randoms using
anonymous dropoff points to trade commercial software illegally.  CERT
accepts reports of these problems.  In many cases, I imagine, they are
accurate, and the host admins are glad to have the CERT tell them
about it.  What we have here, I think, is a few malicious individuals
or groups, who are using the CERT as a weapon against hapless ftp and
mail sites.  This problem could be easily alleviated by CERT checking
up on such reports before passing them on to host or domain admins.  I
think Julf's example is a good one.  A site not running ftp is not
trading in illegal software via ftp.  Period.
Idea for Eric: Send a letter to the RISKS Digest and , documenting the RISKS of a "computer security"
organization becoming overzealous, and not researching problems which
have been reported before sending reports to host and/or domain
administrators.  Include the letter you forwarded to us, and mention
Julf's problem.  Perhaps others will even mention similar problems.  I
think this will have the desired effect.

@_date: 1993-06-08 13:54:48
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: CERT: the letter from CERT to berkeley.edu admin 
"Do not attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by
stupidity."  Without support, I think CERT is merely being stupid.
Someone else (maybe even a government employee) is being malicious.  I
do think cert is harming their effectiveness by doing this.  My guess
is that they never stopped to think that someone might use them in
this way to shut down an "unpopular" ftp site.

@_date: 1993-06-14 10:43:25
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: DH for email (re: email protection and privacy) 
This is gonna sounds weird, but....
Let's say I have a (paper) document which explains how I (for example)
embezzled money from Megacorp, Inc.  I presume that the Fifth
Amendment means I cannot be forced to produce this document.
Case 1: let's say that I have the same document on disk, in the clear.
Can they force me to produce that?
Case 2: They sieze a disk from an associate which has the document,
but it's encrypted.  Can they force me to produce the key?  Mike, you
claim that there is precedent which says that they can.  I'm curious
how the Fifth Amendment allows this.  I've heard you say in the past
that key escrow doesn't violate the 5th because you're not disclosing
anything at the time.  But if the government possesses an
incriminating document, wouldn't forcing me to give them the key
constitute self-incrimination?
Case 3: I keep all my stuff encrypted, and enter the key from (say) a
smartcard of some sort when I boot up.  They seize my machine, and
insist that I give them the key.  I refuse, because the key is stored
in a cleartext document, which incriminates me in some way.  (Say the
key is a hash of the document itself.)  Since I'm sure there's no
precedent for this, what are the legal implications of seizing this
Case 4: "I forgot."  Can they do anything?

@_date: 1993-06-16 13:07:51
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Bidzos responds to "sellout" cry! 
Quote this paragraph:
    PKP will also grant a license to practice key management, at no
    additional fee, for the integrated circuits which will implement both
    the DSA and the anticipated Federal Information Processing Standard
    for the "key escrow" system announced by President Clinton on April
    16, 1993.
I'm not going to respond directly to him, since I don't know if you
want him to know you reforwarded his mail.  However, I would make the
argument that if RSA really didn't want the clipper chip, they would
license it to NIST in such a way that "all implementations based on
our patents will be made available in software source form for
non-commercial use".  I'm sure legal language can be constructed which
would prohibit hardware-only implementations.  I couldn't write it

@_date: 1993-06-28 09:37:48
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Geer Zolot White Paper: Clipper Initiative 
FYI, several long-time cypherpunks are employees of Geer Zolot, and
were involved in writing the White Paper.
I hope you all like it :-)

@_date: 1993-06-29 13:02:38
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Clipper vs. Russia 
That's not really too meaningful.  Our Constitution provides for
protection against unlawful search and seizure (comments on the
reality of this to alt.flame, please :-).  Does the draft Russian
constitution forbid *all* tapping of mail, phones, etc?  I doubt it.
So that basically gives them the same protection we (nominally) have,
and our government seems quite happy with Key Escrow.

@_date: 1993-03-03 11:14:10
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Wasted BAndwidth 
(I'm also marc at mit.edu.  This is my work account.  Anyway....)
I think Ted is merely trying to be realistic.
Let me put it this way:  You tell something embarrasing, but true,
about Big Organization With Lots Of Money And Guns (BOWLOMAG).
They're not going to *care* that the last remailer on the chain (who
will, presumably, be identifiable) wasn't responsible for the message
which was sent.  They're just going to invade the building the
remailing host is in, kill everyone in the room, and destroy the
machine, and all the machines around it.  If they don't know which is
the remailer, they'll just blow up the whole block.  They don't care.
They're BOWLOMAG.
After this happens a few times, remailer operators are going to think
twice about passing anything which goes through their site.  They
don't want to be BOWLOMAG's next victim.  And this is exactly what
BOWLOMAG wants.  Control by fear.
Is this a likely scenario?  Probably not.  But in today's society, the
very organizations you are rightly trying to protect yourself against
are the ones with all the Money and Guns.  And they could care less
that it's mathematically impossible for you to monitor messages.  They
merely want it to stop.  Will they blow up buildings?  Not likely.
But I'm sure for every Steve Jackson Games we hear about, there are
other instances we don't.  And the Secret Service is a much easier
target than the CIA.
You can't force and attitude of personal responsibility, it is true.
But you can still make people be responsible for their actions.  Even
if you don't think libel or slander is wrong, if I know who you are,
and I can prove it, I can still sue you.
As long as people are slinging quotes around:
    Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
    The sole end for which mankind are warranted, individually or
    collectively, in interfering with the liberty of action of any
    of their number, is self-protection.
People who want complete anonymity, without any way to make people
answer for they actions, seem to want liberty without the
responsibility.  And, they would remove my ability to protect myself,
by hiding the identity of my attacker.  Is this what we want?
Pseudonymity has its place in a free society, but there *must* be
bounds on it.  The recent idea of digital juries is a good one.
(Maybe it's not new; I like it anyway.)  This is better than trusting
the government.  I do not advocate censorship.  I advocate responsibility.

@_date: 1993-03-25 08:20:41
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Many Important Items in the News 
What's uncancellable?  If someone starts abusing things with
"uncancellable" messages, then the USENET backbone gets together and
stops passing these "uncancellable" messages from site to site.  The
messages will die very quickly, I assure you.  If you change the
names/message ids/whatever, then *all* such messages will end up
getting nuked.  Our protection here is that the backbone sites have
proven in the past to be very strong supporters of speech.  If that
changes, we have worse problems.
USENET would fall apart without the ability to cancel messages.
Huh?  I don't care how many and whose signatures you put on something.
When the guy who owns the disk wants it to go away, it will.
Same as above.  When the network provider decides to remove the
connection for whatever reason, it's gone.
I'm all in favor of technological solutions when appropriate.  And I
think that the use of ARMM on sci.* when there was no substantial
reason was irresponsible and wrong.  However, I don't think problems
like volume abuse can be solved by purely technical means.
When some bonehead starts putting megabytes of noise on sci.crypt, I
want to be able to cancel his messages.  Don't give me lines about
user filtering; The best user agent in the world isn't going to make
my net connection any bigger.  I don't have the net bandwidth at my
site to suck over megabytes of trash in order to ignore it until it

@_date: 1993-05-01 12:07:17
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Tough Choices: PGP vs. RSA Data Security 
Wrong.  The RSAREF code is *licensed* to you for non-commercial use.
They are explicitly not giving it away, or making it "freely
available".  By allowing you to use it under their license, they are
not leaving themselves open to claims of non-enforcement of their
patent.  If they let you write your own code, then, strictly speaking,
you would need a license to use it.  Negotiating such a license is
expensive and time-consuming.  You don't want to do it.  If RSA is
willing to let you use their code, do so.  It's probably the best
compromise you're going to get unless you have a lot of money and
lawyers to spare.  I have the source code, and I can read it.  If
there are any back doors, I (or someone with more experience) can find
them.  That's enough security for me.
P.S.  I don't like software and algorithm patents, and said so to Jim
Bidzos's virtual face during the conference last weekend.  But the law
still stands, and although IMHO it is flawed, it's not inconsistent,
so I'll obey it.  If the gov't outlaws strong crypto, then they've
just done something illegal w.r.t. the Constitution in my mind, and I
will feel free to disobey that law, should it come about.  In civil
disobedience (which is essentally what people are arguing for), you
disobey laws you find so immoral or so evil that you cannot
conscionably obey them.  I don't like the current patent law in this
country, but my disagreements are in the details of the law, not in
it's very nature.  I don't think any of my fundamental rights are
being violated, so I'll complain and disagree, but not disobey.

@_date: 1993-05-02 13:45:55
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Is Rush Limbaugh giving Clinton sh*t about wiretap chip? 
Excuse me?  Are you completely missing the point here?  We're fighting
for *PRIVACY*.  Misusing your position at whatever airline you work
for and broadcasting someone's home address over a mailing list of
people he's never heard of is completely antithetical to what we are
trying to do.

@_date: 1993-05-12 14:40:58
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: The Halting Problem 
This is all very nice.  But if the government can get away with
outlawing crypto, it's a simple matter for them to outlaw any stream
of data they can't read or don't like.  And who says that the burden
of proof will remain on them?  Think about RICO.  You're not
necessarily dealing with rational, technically aware people.  You're
dealing with law enforcement, judges, and juries.
Is this paranoia?  Maybe.  There was recently a series of stories on
RISKS recently about people who had warrants issued and their houses
entered on the basis of unusual electrical consumption or heat output.
Yes, people were monitoring these things.  Do you not think that if
crypto were outlawed, that they couldn't get a warrant to enter your
house or office based on unidentifiable or suspicious data coming out
of it?  And even if they couldn't prove anything, you still need to
convince them to give back your computer and every other piece of
digital equipment they confiscated.
Steganography is useful to keep them from noticing you.  But it's
still low-bandwidth, because unless you're in the business of
distributing video, you're going to look really strange sending
megabytes of gif's over and over again to the same strange addresses
(anonymous remailers).  Once they do notice you, you're going to have
to be a lot more careful.  I see steganography to be useful in sending short messages, once
codewords, etc. have been agreed upon out-of-band.  It's just not
useful for anything like the cypherpunks mailing list, or even for
personal messages unless it is used sparingly.

@_date: 1993-05-12 14:49:10
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: The Halting Problem 
Nope.  Such a system will take no more than O(2^n) time, where n is
the number of bits in the key.  You can never do worse than
brute-force.  Now, you still might not be able to determine if a
message is encoded, since maybe I was just encoding true random noise
from a radioactive source.  And you might have false positives, too,
esp. with one-time pads.  But it will always halt.  The failure modes
have nothing to do with the halting problem, they have to do with the
fact that is-encoded(message) cannot be formally defined.

@_date: 1993-05-18 10:12:07
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: a valuable spy... 
Or, it could be from the NSA, trying to collect names and numbers of
people who are interested in insider information on Mykotronx.  :-(
P.S.  We could probably escalate paranoia indefinitely here....
P.P.S.  Because they are attractive targets, it is illegal to disclose
the identities and home addresses of intelligence agents, which is
what "Mr. Watson" did.  It is not illegal to possess this information,
however.  (This is what I am told by an ex-NSA employee.)

@_date: 1993-05-19 08:45:41
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: BBSs under fire! (or on fire, if BATF gets into the act!) 
You missed it.  It has happened.  MIT used to run an alt.sex.bondage
stories server.  Someone would read a.s.b., cull out the stories and
make them available for anonymous ftp.  Well, a while ago (2-3 years)
a guy named Joe Abernathy from the Houston Chronicle wrote a story
about the Internet, and mentioned the asb archive.  This got up to the
highest level of the NSF management, and MIT was threatened to take
down the server, or have their connection cut.  This was a big deal
within MIT, since MIT is extrememly progressive about virtual data.
They have a policy to take the ECPA seriously, and they really did
regard this as censorship.  But the NSF did not seem to be bluffing,
so MIT told the organization running the server that it had to be taken
down, and why.  The organization agreed, since they didn't want to be
cut off the net either.
It takes an extremely strong idealist to stand up to this sort of
pressure, and MIT just wasn't up to it.  I really can't blame them.
Today, maybe they could do it, since the net is much more in the
public's eye, and there are organizations like EFF and CPSR to support
So, don't feel singled out.  The gov't isn't just targetting the
little guys.
Laziness, not intent.  If someone made a big stink, unm would feel it,
I promise.
No, you're easy targets, and closing down kiddie porn distribution
looks real good on the personnel evaluation.
People in this country are soft.  They don't see the government as a
threat.  They also smoke too much and rot their brains with TV.
"Never attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by
The EFF did a fine job.  The ACLU wasn't needed here.  If they were, I
hope they would have done something.  The fact is, you haven't
experienced any civil rights violations, and the Clipper Chip,
although enabling them, does not cause them.  You can't take the
government to court because you think they're evil.  They have to
screw up first, and they are, in general, careful about provably
screwing up.
They have rights to that software.  Plaster the universe with DES
software; nobody will touch you.  RSA does not want to cut off all
crypto; they're just trying to make money off what they own.  Would
you be upset if Playboy's lawyers sent you a letter ordering you to
get the digitized centerfolds off your BBS?  It's exactly the same
Look at the newspaper.  Open to a random page.  Do you see a story
about public service in your town, or about a police officer who got
shot yesterday?  Happy, peaceful, nice doesn't sell.  The media
focuses on death, violence, and stuff like that because it's what
people want to watch.  Nazis (Oops.  It's a flame.  The Nazis got
mentioned :-) and pornography are just the equivalents in the
networking world.  People could care less about all the good things
that happen.  They want to be reminded about all the bad things in the
world, so their own lives seem a little less miserable.
Too far.  It already has.  I wish I could tell you when it would stop.

@_date: 1993-05-19 09:57:20
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: alt.whistleblowers 
Because then all the news admins who don't like anonymity (most of
them) will refuse to honor the newgroup, and the group will die.

@_date: 1993-05-21 14:56:50
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: cypto + compression 
You have indeed erred gravely :-)
One of the information theoretical concepts we are dealing with here
is that of information density.  The whole reason compression works is
that in most files, the information density is not "perfect"; that is,
there is repeated information in the file.  This reflects what we see
when we compress a file: the more which is repeated, the better
compression is.  Graphics compress much better than executeables.
Well, one of the reasons encryption works is because I can't tell from
the encrypted text what kind of patterns exist.  Consider a
letter-substitution cipher.  If I were to apply one to this message,
you could probably decrypt it, because much of the structure is still
there: common english words, letter frequencies, etc.  This makes
letter-substitution a pretty poor cipher.  What about DES?  Well, this
is interesting.  Without the key, the information density of an
encrypted file looks the same as the density of a compressed file, or
of noise.  This is why you could claim something was just noise, not
encrypted data.  It's also why a common "good" PRNG is formed by
feeding the numbers through some crypto algorithm, because it makes
the numbers appear random.
It is because encrypted data appears to have a very high information
density that it will not compress much, if at all.  Compressing
encrypted data, from some standpoints, is tatamount to actually
decrypting it.
A is a file with 1000 lines of 79 "A"'s followed by a newline.
A.Z is the file, compressed.
A.x is the file, encrypted (unix crypt, lame, I know)
A.x.Z is the encrypted file, compressed wiht the -f option.
-rw-rw-r--  1 marc        80000 May 21 17:26 A
-rw-rw-r--  1 marc         1466 May 21 17:26 A.Z
-rw-rw-r--  1 marc        80000 May 21 17:47 A.x
-rw-rw-r--  1 marc       106577 May 21 17:47 A.x.Z
Note that A.x doesn't compress at all.  In fact, it grows!

@_date: 1993-05-25 09:13:33
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Noise on the list 
Would it be incorrect to say that people flailing randomly on the list
trying to invent the next great encryption scheme is both a waste of
bandwidth, and inappropriate to the list?
I guess what I'm trying to say is that I see cypherpunks as a
gathering of people trying to encourage privacy via technology.  As
such, technical discussions of how to implement a remailer would be
appropriate, but it seems that garbage about how to make MacBeth
decrypt into your plaintext should be reserved for sci.crypt.flame.
There's also a lot of other inappropriate traffic, like the recent
"espionage" thread.  Save it for talk.bizarre.
Should I crawl back into my hole, or am I not the only one who thinks
that a lot of the random spewage on the list is just that?
(flame off)
I think this is a valuable list.  I like being on it, most of the
time.  But we've already seen many people remove themselves because
they were drowning in email.  Can we please try to keep the messages
appropriate, and the signal-to-noise ratio high?

@_date: 1993-05-25 14:11:34
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Say again? 
Rick Adams of UUNET confirmed on the com-priv list that his
organization had been selling the FBI a usenet feed on tape.  I could
find the exact reference if you want.  I don't know for sure that the
NSA has a feed, or from whom, but it wouldn't surprise me.
However, the obvious next point is, so what?  It's a public system.
Any idiot can pay $20/month and get a public access account.  If you
say something in a news post which you wouldn't want the FBI or NSA or
whoever to see, you're the person who has done something stupid.
Tapping a news feed isn't like tapping a phone line.  It's more like
turning on the television.

@_date: 1993-10-01 11:08:10
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: POISON PILL 
This thread stopped having anything to do with cryptography a long
time ago.  Please take it somewhere else.

@_date: 1993-10-04 12:49:07
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: secure phone quest 
If you have a Sparc or a DEC, there's a program called "vat" whcih
does this, full-duplex over IP.  Unfortunately, I don't remember where
to get it (lbl?), and archie isn't responding.

@_date: 1993-10-06 07:00:34
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Crypto Toolkit Suggestions 
I'd rather see this done as a tcl (not tk, tcl) toolkit, rather than
as a bunch of separate shell programs.  This will allow users to do
real programming, not just play around.  This solves the key problem
by keeping it in core in one process, or at worst, in a pipe.  And you
could always use it as a standalone program by putting the command you
wanted to use on the command line.

@_date: 1993-10-15 10:37:09
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Detecting double-spending (long) 
Great description!  One question, which struck me when I heard Chaum
present this material at IETF Amsterdam:
What if Alice, Bob, and Charlie are all colluding, and Bob and Charlie
present the same 1's and 0's to Alice?  The bank would know the same
bill was spent twice once it got it, but wouldn't be able to determine
that Alice was the spender.  Bob and Charlie could both claim "What a
cooincidence!"  and say they wanted their money.
I suppose the bank could just write the scenario down, and hand the
money to Bob and Charlie (who give their cut to Alice, in anonymous
digicash, of course).  If it happens again, the bank says "yeah,
right" and invokes the clause in their contract which allows the bank
to terminate its relationship with Bob and Charlie.  Assuming the
digicash economy is strong enough that people won't cut off the
relationship with the bank so easily, most people won't try this.  But
it will cause the bank to want to put an upper limit on transaction

@_date: 1993-09-21 13:30:09
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Master Key: A Clipper Story 
It was once said to me by a writer friend that the key to good science
fiction is to choose one absurdity, and build logically on that.
Consider that faster-than-light travel is an absurdity today.  That
doesn't stop good SF from being based on it. That's what makes it
"fiction" after all.  The point of the story is that if Key Escrow
falls, the results could be catastrophic.  How it falls is a plot
device; the technical merit is not of intrinsic importance.
I agree!

@_date: 1993-09-21 14:23:09
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Why RSA? 
One of the PKP patents (don't remember which) covers the concept of
the encryption and decryption keys being different.  The RSA algorithm
(covered under a separate patent) is one way to implement this idea.
Write your code, sell it, wait for PKP to sue you, challenge them in
court, and win.
The problem here is that PKP has algorithmic patents (which many
people think should never have been valid in the first place) which
are very broad (covering pretty much all PKC) and cover ideas which
some people think are "obvious" (making them theoretical
unpatentable).  However, once a patent is granted, the only way to get
it thrown out is to challenge it in court.  This is very expensive.
So expensive that Uncle "Infinite Pockets" Sam himself didn't want to
try to free their own algorithm from PKP, and instead licensed it to
them exclusively (or so they claimed).
PKP's patents have never been tested in court.  This means that they
*may be* rotten to the core.  But before you try to sell your own
PKC-based system, make sure you have a bank account and an army of
lawyers as big as Jim's.
The other answer to this question is "leave the US".  This has nothing
to do with ITAR.  The PKP patents, for various reasons, only apply to
the US.

@_date: 1993-09-21 15:00:13
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Bidzos on PGP and ITAR verbatim 
Well, I learned about the RSA algorithms in 18.063 (Introduction to
Algebraic Systems), which is a required mathematics course at MIT for
an undergraduate CS degree.  It is normally taken by sophomores and
juniors.  MIT isn't exactly a "common" school, but it's certainly
academia.  Unfortunately, there is no textbook for this course.
Public Key Cryptosystems are also discussed in the textbook
(Introduction to Algorithms, Corman/Leiserson/Rivest, MIT Press) for
6.046 (Introduction to Algorithms), but are not discussed extensively
in the class.
As I know foreign nationals who have graduated, they must have taken
these courses.

@_date: 1993-09-29 10:46:31
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Easy cracking 
I'm not sure this is how it happened, but the person (maybe there's
more than one?) who did this is a cypherpunk, who will identify
himself if he wants.  He also wrote a paper on this.  The first
version of the paper had the private key at the top of the first page,
but it got removed because certain spooks got upset.

@_date: 1993-09-30 15:27:29
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: FIDOnet encryption (or lack thereof) 
Could you define "Internet message traffic"?  The ECPA says:
                     "(3)(a) Except as provided in
                     paragraph (b) of this subsection, a
                     person or entity providing an
                     electronic communication service to
                     the public shall not intentionally
                     divulge the contents of any
                     communication (other than one to such
                     person or entity, or an agent thereof)
                     while in transmission on that service
                     to any person or entity other than an
                     addressee or intended recipient of
                     such communication or an agent of such
                     addressee or intended recipient.
Does this apply to anyone who provides a service to the public?  Is it
legal for me to say "I'm gonna provide private email, but I reserve
the right to read it" in the service contract?  How is "public"
defined here?
Non-lawyers want to know :-)
