
@_date: 2002-11-13 22:02:39
@_author: marketing at gamblersparlor.com 
@_subject: GamblersParlor - 100% Match Bonus Up To $150 Free 
note: If you received this email as unsolicited,
please notify webmaster at gamblersparlor.com immediately.
 GamblersParlor - 100% Match Bonus Up To $150 Free!
 $100 JOINING BONUS AT UK CASINO CLUB!
UKCasinoClub offers you the very best in online gaming.
Stylish, secure and sophisticated, we have 43 authentic
casino games including all your favourites - Blackjack,
Roulette, Poker, Keno, Slots and more. Our members enjoy
personal account managers, fast cashins, excellent payouts,
a loyalty club, 24hr support, free VIP bonuses and $1000's
every week in promotions. We accept a wide range of methods
for purchasing and cashing-in your casino tokens; we also
offer play in either USD or GBP (Euros coming soon). So why
not enjoy the comfort, security and reliability of the
Internet's Premiere Casino - UKCasinoClub
Click the link below to sign up:
AOL Users Click Here To Sign Up!
 100% MATCH BONUS - UP TO $100 FREE!
You'll enjoy twice the action at Golden Comps Casino with
our proven 100% match reward system. Your bonus is credited
to your account within minutes, with no waiting - just
playing! Becoming a Golden Comps Casino member automatically
enrolls you in our fabulous Comp points program, where every
hand you play, wheel you spin, or coin you drop earns you
valuable Golden Comps!
Click the link below to sign up:
AOL Users Click Here To Sign Up!
 125% MATCH BONUS! AT FIVE ROSES CASINO!
When you open an account with a $100 deposit, the Five Roses
Casino will more than double your bankroll with a 125% bonus!
You will receive an enormous $125 FREE to experience our
casino first-hand as a player.  Welcome to Five Roses! Five
Roses Casino brings the glamour and excitement of real casino
action to your desktop. Fast payouts, generous comps, and
around-the-clock friendly customer support make Five Roses
the premiere destination for wagering online. Be our guest
today as a real player and discover the finest virtual gaming
in the privacy of your own home.
Click the link below to sign up:
AOL Users Click Here To Sign Up!
 $150 FREE BONUS CASH FROM ONLUCK CASINO!
OnLuck Casino brings stunning action and exotic casino
games to your desktop 24 hours a day.  Experience the most
realistic gaming action from the comfort of your own home,
while playing in a secure, safe environment. As a guest of
OnLuck Casino you will be treated to friendly service as
well as VIP comps, starting with this HUGE 100% Match Bonus
up to $150!
Click the link below to sign up:
AOL Users Click Here To Sign Up!
UNSUBSCRIBE INFORMATION
You are receiving the Gamblers Parlor newsletter because you
have subscribed to it through our gambling affiliates.
If you wish to cancel your subscription, please reply to
this message and type REMOVE in the subject line.
