
@_date: 2008-04-30 05:22:22
@_author: unlinQ Marketing 
@_subject: [gsc] R.I.P. - Orlin Grabbe 
We have heard an unconfirmed rumor that J. Orlin Grabbe passed away
about 3 weeks ago in Costa Rica, apparently of heart-related problems.
His web site,  which was snappshotted, was
last updated on March 6th. I hear an obituary is being compiled by
former LFC people. His brother, Crockett's web site is at
A controversial figure in the world of finance and banking, Orlin was
one of the driving forces behind Laissez Faire City and founder of the
Digital Monetary Trust. He will probably be more widely known for his
work on derivatives while a professor at Wharton. After DMT Orlin
focused on his interesting news web site replete with art (especially
nudes) and writing papers in theoretical physics.  I hope Grabbe gets
the credit he deserved.
We will provide additional information as it becomes know to us.
Hopefully others on the list will add their stories of Orlin and
personal contacts.

@_date: 2008-12-05 02:50:16
@_author: unlinQ Marketing 
@_subject: [gsc] 50 Ways to Beat Deflation (was:Various Queens, Barking   
In My Ear)
or Paul Simon...
50 Ways To Beat Deflation
The problem is all inside your head, Ben said to me
The answer is easy if you wreck the currency
I'd like to reinflate your weak economy
There must be fifty ways to beat deflation
He said it really is my habit to intrude
Furthermore, I hope my actions won't be historically misconstrued
I'm sick of all these pundits yelling "OMG We're Screwed"
There must be fifty ways to beat deflation
Fifty ways to beat deflation
Just bail out a bank, Hank
Mail out some checks, Rex
You dont need to be coy, Roy
Just give 'em for free
Stamp up the moss, Ross
You don't need no Congress
Just shell out the bread, Fred
And do it for free
Just buy up some bonds, Ron
Quantitative ease, Louise
You dont need to be coy, roy
Just give it for free
Lower the rates, Nate
You dont need a Senate debate
Just drop it from planes, Jane
And do it for free
He said that hoarding cash won't do to ease our pain
I know there's something that will make you lend again
I said I appreciate that and would you please explain
About the fifty ways
He said I gave a speech on this way back in 2002
And it'll work if we all just see it through
But that guy Mish thinks my head is full of poo
There must be fifty ways to beat deflation
Fifty ways to beat deflation
