
@_date: 1997-11-09 15:39:06
@_author: VME Encryption 
@_subject: Some IDIOT called CRYPTO CZAR INTERNATIONAL 
Please forward to this coward that have no balls to put his real email
address on his emails (I using you guys as he put CC to you guys in his
letter, but by no means does this reffer to you).
Dear CRYPTO CZAR INTERNATIONAL Idiot,
usually we ignore people at your level, but we'll try our best for you, as
it might be just temorary insanity.
1) The million dollars challenge have ended at May 15,1997. The current
challenge have NO monetary prize.
2) VME flowchart, algorithms and the VME application itself is already in
the hands of the large 250 sotware corporations for evaluation. If any of
them will prove otherwise, then you might be able to jump and make an idiot
of yourself as you did now.
3) We beleive they might like what they saw, as we currently have them
lined up to license the technology.
4) Try to keep your pathetic self away from the court room, as next time
around you will face legal steps for alleging "fraud".
Maybe you really should try and develop some future encryption algorithm
instead of mumbling with envy showing your stupidity and ignorance, But on
the other hand you're probably not capable of - you're too narrow minded
and busy sticking your long nose where it does not belong.
Do us and you a favour, keep yourself in your pathetic hole and shut your
mouth up.
Thanks and worst regards,
(we won't bother putting our name on the same email with your name).

@_date: 1997-11-12 09:13:36
@_author: VME Encryption 
@_subject: ??? 
Dear Bill Geiger,
My first reacation to your followup letter was getting more upset, and I
almost replied with another mad letter. But then I decided to better myself
and see who I'm dealing with.
I've looked at your web site, and looks like you might be a nice person.
So, I tried to figure out the reason for the previous vicious letter that
was completely unjustified and the following attacks you placed.
I'll take it from the point that you might not know all the facts and
explain. If that's not enough, I'm sorry.
1) The million dollars challenge is no longer valid for the last 3 months.
2) The current challenge bares NO monetary prize.
3) VME flowcharts, algorithm AND a working application is in the hands of
250 software companies for evaluation (Microsoft, IBM etc.)
4) We can not put it on the net, due to strict US export rules (as you
mention in your web site as well)
5) Our program, flowcharts & algorithm have been filed with the US patent
office and will be public domain within a year.
If that helps explain our part, I'm glad. And if not, it's o.k. - it's a
free country and everybody is entitled to their own mind. It's just feel
sheety to be attacked by strangers that knows nothing about you, specially
people that you might think should have some interest in keeping the
individual right to privacy from government and te likes.
We started this challenge with some goals in mind, but fighting with a
group of cryptographers was not one of them. If anyone wants more technical
data, we'll be glad to submit what we can under the circumstances, if
someone wants to keep of flaming us, it's o.k. - but we won't respond anymore.
Project Management.

@_date: 1997-11-12 10:08:57
@_author: VME Encryption 
@_subject: Some IDIOT called CRYPTO CZAR INTERNATIONAL 
Dear Paul,
I'll ignore all profanities and go straight to the points you make:
1) Never heard of LCSR (or whatever) and we market our product ourself,
Meganet Corporation from California USA.
2) AOL, NCR, Perot Systems & dozens other have already looked into the
product and contaced us, so yes, they did saw it and liked what they saw.
3) you use a lot of acronyms - what is CMR ? LCSR ?
4) If you've been misinformed, then I hope that straighten it up for you,
and if you're still upset about whatever, may god bless you.
more info at If you want more info and can keep a decent language, email us back. If you
preffer to keep on flaming, cool for you, but we won't bother answering.
p.s. - I wonder if you know what's the source of all the bad rep we've got
- nobody knows us and we never posted anything on your forum, so what the
heck ?
